
I ABSOLUTELY LOVE IT.. the photos it takes are great.  It is easy to use although I have only had it a few weeks, I am sure there are so many other features I don't know about.

Everything I need from a phone to do my job and for my personal life. Now I use my pc much less, my Note does almost all the work for it. I love the big screen and its size is not an issue. I switched from a htc evo after 3 years. Thanks Samsung and Amazon for a job well done.

In 1 hour you will start thinking it's not too big and in 1 day you will be comfortable with it. I actually would go bigger in a year or so.ConsKinda pricey - I had to buy mine outright and it's $625 but now I won't have a contract and can sell it for at least half that later on.ProsSo fast!Amazing screen size.Quad core processor.Battery life is sometimes 2 days with moderate usage.Very light and sleek considering it's size.In short, best phone I've ever had! If the note 3 comes out and continues down the same path I'll definitely be getting it.

Samsung makes some great phones but this is one of the best. The clarity of the screen is fabulous. I am sure glad I got this phone.

Nuff said.Ok since 18 more words are required, I will end by saying you will not be let down =)

After decades of using cellular devices finally I found a cell phone that is user friendly, lightning quick and does everything I need. The Samsung Note II is TOTALLY AWESOME.....it's unlike any other phone in it's class. Stop pretending to be happy with the wanna-be phone that you use every day, It doesn't matter what one you currently have; when you grasp the excitingly-powerful, large screened monstrosity for the first time it will seem a little out of the norm and just exactly that, a "monster of a phone"; however, like it's a mistress you will soon find yourself sneaking off to spend time with it doing stuff that you would never do with your regular phone. Ah, ha-ha like me, you will soon laugh at the little screens and remember the days of wishing for a device that could do any and all requests  fluently, ........flawless and on the fly.I can't wait for the "Note III" to come out.I will be one of the first customers in line to purchase one simply because of how good the Note II works.Thank you Samsung!

Upon ordering this phone I had never actually used it and knew that it was infact 6 months old. With the pace that technology is currently speeding at, buying a new phone can be a very stressful task. But after doing lots of research I narrowed my search down to two phones. One being the HTC one and the second being the Note 2. The HTC one is very premium, and had a beautiful 1080P screen. However, what made me go with the note 2 (besides the big screen, very good specs,s pen and great price) was the software it had(touchwiz). Touchwiz on the note 2 is far more superior than HTC's sense. I had come from an Evo 3D so I was quite familiar with the foundation and basic features of sense. Sense is stale and takes away from the Android experience in my opinion. Touchwiz enhances the android experience with the s pen, multiwindow, great camera app, the personalization,  and keyboard. These are very important aspects when buying a phone. The 720P screen is very vivid and beautiful, which was my concern when buying the note. It's very fast, has a great camera,  and a massive screen. It is the perfect size to enable you to fit in your pocket with no problem and is very thin. The battery is phenomenonal too. Overall im happy that I will be spending the next 2 years with my new note especially with the deal amazon gives on new or upgrading customers. My recommendation is to buy it if you are considering you will not regret it!

I love this Phone makes the Iphone look like a tiny out dated phone.. I would recommend this phone to anyone, Fits well in my pocket.

I had an iPhone 3GS that kept getting slower with each OS update. The battery finally died after nearly 3 years. I originally tried the first Note phone in June and the touch screen software was clumsy while the pen was uncomfortable to use.The pen has pressure sensitivity and I use it to draw with often. It's got a good camera, and the native software do their jobs well. It's good enough for anything I can think of so far, and I'm very happy with its responsiveness. It's a great piece of hardware on the inside, however the outside visual aesthetic is boring (aside from being thin, grey, and smooth) but that doesn't matter if you buy a case. I have a serious case of man hands and this phone feels right.And Google maps is awesome on this phone. One of the biggest reasons why I chose not to go with the new iPhone is because of their sub-par Apple branded map app. I am astounded how manly leaps and bounds Google maps is beyond the Apple Map app. I am very glad I switched, and I am very happy with this piece of hardware. I got a blue tooth headset two weeks after I bought this phone, and I feel like I am in the future now.

Do not buy from Sprint.  The Sprint Now Network is more like the Sprint Maybe Later network.  It rarely works and they refuse to acknowledge there is a problem.  No Internet most of the time, tethering is useless as their 4G is slower than dial up.I miss call after call because Sprint's network is so horrible.  You can get better service with MetroPCS.GO TO AT&T; or VERIZON.  You may pay more but in reality... you can't get the service Sprint is advertising.  And now I'm stuck in a 2 year contract with a non-working phone.

In the beginning I was skeptical to make an invesment in this particular product and signing a 2 year contract in addition with it.  One of the main reasons was the size of this device, boasting a 5.5" screen which compared to all other products is significant screen space.  After receiving the phone in the mail and having it in full use for almost a week now I am completely satisfied.  The size is pretty large, but for those with larger hands it is a nice fit and adjusting to the size will come easier than you expect.  On the other hand if you have fairly small hands this phone will be a two handed operation which becomes difficult for many.  Battery life is one issue I have struggled with on phones in the past.  This phone however has managed to have enough battery life to last 15 full hours of constant usage of calling, texting, emailing, music listening, internet surfing, app downloading, and a number of other tasks all within one day non stop. The battery life is significantly longer if a minimal amount of use occurs.  The quality and speed are leaps and bounds above the phones I have used in the past or compared to those when I was shopping for this most recent phone. The phone was worth every dollar spent and has given a new meaning to what a "Phablet" (phone/tablet) is. After having this phone I can't imagine having a phone of a lesser size or quality and Samsung has created a phone which excells in all categories and trumphs the iPhone and all phones hands down.

I have an unlocked phone and use with ATT and T-Mobile. Same phone with a different chipset is used for Sprint/Verizon.When one opens the box, there is a sense of awe. People ask "Is this really a phone" was one reaction I got. It is an amazing piece of hardware. I have used Android devices starting from Cupcake version, used iPhone, HP Veer with webOS, Windows 7.5 HTC Titan 2. This phone is the sleekest and one of the best so far. It is fabulous!  I find the big size to be very good and not a problem at all. Will the Galaxy Note 3 be 6" ?!The manual pdf is definitely a must read, there are lot of tips in the manual that comes in handy. For example motion based sensors are extraordinary. Closing the phone with palm silences it. Sliding palm takes a screenshot. There are several such examples. Read the manual.Out of the box, connect to wireless and get the phone logged into Google account. The advantage of Android phones is that once you are logged into Google universe, everything gets synced up especially if you have been using Android.  The position of power button is at an excellent position for your hand on this Note 2. The additional LED for notification on top is very handy. Listen Apple? The camera serves some really futuristic ideas also. It can check if you are looking at the phone and disable screen lock (even if you set timeout to say 30 sec). Also it can serve as password unlock. Amazing! These can be set from Settings Menu.The Android version as of Oct 26 2012 is Jellybean 4.1.1. Kernel version is 3.0.31-259982. Model GT-N7100. I got the 64 GB microSD card. Get this mobileUltra, it is the latest as of Oct 2012. (SanDisk 64GB Mobile Ultra MicroSDXC Class 6 Memory Card with SD Adapter - Retail Packaging. Settings show an available space of 59.45 GB. So along with 16 GB built (system shows only around 10.46 GB), my Note 2 has 80 GB memory. With music in the  Google Music cloud, I intent to use the memory for video/pictures as a camcorder/camera.I strongly suggest going through Settings and customizing many things as per your desire. I did Voice Input, Keyboard (this comes with English(UK), change to English(US) for example. Fiddle around the settings and you will be amazed how much you can customize. I also did Battery % to appear in notification bar.One thing I found the default keyboard did not show Mic button. I realized it was next to Sym button. Long press it and choose Mic. And then on, it will appear in default keyboard. Also customize the accent. It can do magic for typing. I type paragraphs at a time effortlessly. This is Google backend servers at work. The Mic on Samsung Galaxy Note 2 does a fantastic job!S-Pen, Ah.. I was truly impressed. You have to use these to believe it. The note taking was very fluid. Samsung seem to have nailed it. I wrote up an equation in Equation mode - x^5 = x^2 + 2x + .... Something completely random, another one d/dx(an equation) and it recognized perfectly and asked it to search, it went to Wolfram Alpha and solved it. It is at first unbelievable and then it starts to sink in this is a computer program made well. Like it should be in first place! Export to pdf is very good. The main thing is the pen is very fluid and feels like a fountain pen writing.Overall, the phone feels very smooth and snappy. The screen is crisp and clear. Apps can even be multi screened. Samsung approved apps can be placed two in a screen. Eg. Maps on top and email on bottom portion. I doubt I will use this, but handy.One gripe I have with this phone is speaker is on the back. Typically if you lie the phone down, the speaker is blocked on bottom. I wish the speakers were in the side. This is a design decision and not sure why phones have speaker on back. But the speaker volume is very high, so I am not complaining too much.One big pain point with Android is once you purchased/downloaded for free Apps, they cannot be permanently deleted. So even if you get a junk app, and delete immediately they are permanently there in your Google Play store. From the phone's play store I got 300+ Apps. One cannot choose 50 apps and say get all these. You have to do one by one. After getting one, the screen resets to beginning. So I went to a computer browser and pushed apps to pone. This is easier and faster.UPDATE:  In Jelly bean, you have a circle with a / and pressing it prompts a pop up to delete. After delete it reverts to top of the list again. Why dont they go to same spot. I have hundreds, so it is a pain, nevertheless good feature. I will delete few every day!Some of apps I have as of now :Amazon MobileAndroid Status : Android Status app shows ARMv7, Max Freq 1.6 GHz, BogoMips 1592.52 Memory 1.79 GB, Free 365 MB, Internal Storage 10.46 GB Free 7.18 GB. Total Process running 271! Kernel 159/User 112 Interface has IPv6 as well as IPv4 addressAndroidifyAngry Birds (Space/Seasons)Asphalt 7Amazon App StoreBeyondPodBoxCar Maintenance Reminder ProChromeCNET TVGoogle Currents (nice way to read News)Draw SomethingGoogle DriveEbayFM Radio (needs headphone)LinkedinGoogle MusicOverDrive Media Console: Library eBooks & Audiobooks(public library consumption of media)Microsoft One Note (legacy docs, skydrive of 25 GB is good)Subsonic Music StreamerTerminal Emulator (still need to use vi, yes this is it)TweetCaster Pro for Android(excellent twitter client)Twit.TvGoogle VoicePlenty of WidgetsAsk questions, the review cannot do justice to Note 2, I find something new always. I will be glad to answer any questions.

this may be a expensive phone but it is defently the best phone I have ever had , it does everything you can think of . battery life is great . couldn't ask for anything better

Great phone!  Love how it works; very easy to use

So far so good. Delivery was amazing and the phone is brand new. The best part is that the phone automatically activate.  Great price which is $100 less from store upgrade. RQQ

learning something new about it each day. Loves the stylus and larger screen.  Maybe be a bit too big for her but she's not complaining about a brand new high end phone that was free.

Just got the phone a couple of days ago from Verizon.  Don't know why it took so much longer for it to come out with Verizon than with all the other carriers, but now that I have it I think it was totally worth the wait.  The speed of this phone is faster than even my laptop.  Voice recognition is very good, though you do still need to speak clearly into it.  The size of the phone is obviously not going to be for everyone, but it still fits in my pocket.  It does seem like it is comically big to hold against your face, but nothing that a bluetooth can't take care of.  The worst thing about the phone is that it is hard me to get away from my daughter so that I can explore it even more.  If you can overlook the size (which honestly is not that bad) then this is definitely the way to go.

Great camera, clear videos and photos. I enjoy having the option to turn the call volume to really loud, just in case someone whispers to me on the phone I can turn it up. I don't really use the multi screen or stylus, but they're nice features. Screen is huge.

He loves it as much as my Mother, however the &#34;NEXT BIG THING&#34; is out now and he wants the note 3 and the gear? Oh well Bro. Shoulda waited 2 weeks. lol

This has to be one of the smoothest phones available right now.  There is no pauses or hangs that I have run into in the week i have owned this phone.  There has been a few forced crashes in apps, but no forced reboots.  Touchwiz is taking some getting used as I have come from using HTC's Sense interface since the Apache 6700 days (still like WinMo 6.5, just needed better hardware).  The size isn't a concern for me so far.  Fits in my Jeans and Khaki's with out issue.  I know it is there, but it isn't invasive.  I currently have this bear motion case,Bear Motion Premium Polio Case for Samsung Galaxy Note 2 Note II N7100 (Tri Black), and it fits great and gives me pretty good protection without being overly bulky.  Battery life is currently running just over 24 hours with pretty heavy use (still a new toy so playing with it constantly).  Way better than the 12 hours I was getting with my Evo 4g.  Sprint hasn't updated MN yet with LTE, but still pretty slick on wifi and 3g.

I received the phone as new. This phone blows away the imagination. I have yet to out it down after 3 months. Too many things to brag about. iPhone users...this product does not compare. Now I know why App;e is resorting to law suits these days. Samsung, congrats on making the best line of mobile products. If you are on the fence, just do it. You will be so happy you did,.

I have waited long time. This phone is fast.(Faster than Laptop). I was with Verizon and I could not wait until November 27. I went to check with SPRINT. They have better phone plan Unlimited Data and much cheaper than Verizon. I switched and found it worked better in my house. I teach the computer in my church and found they have 4G coverage in the area and Verizon does not have 4G in the area. It works better. Most of my friend who has I-Phone checked this phone and find this is more responsive and smooth than I-Phone. My daughter should use medical program for her work and her performance goes up because of the faster speed of the response. Because of quad core process, the web response become much faster. I am not worried about the storage because I have installed 64 GB micro SD card. I checked the navigation. This is much smoother than GPS. I am considering to buy the mount and car charger. Once I changed to manual sync from auto sync of my e-mail accounts, the battery can hold 2 days enough. This become the walking entertainment machine for me since you can enjoy the U-Tube. I don't need to buy I Pad and I-phone. I could use for both. I am very happy with my purchase from SPRINT.

I'm issued between 3-4 of the newest phones each year ranging from iPhones, Windows, Android, you name it. I was hesitant but curious about the Note 2. The specs were exciting; the quad core processor? Woof. I was mostly concerned about the overall size of the phone. I went from an iPhone with a 3.5 inch screen to the Note with a 5.5 inch screen.First off, I'm a tall guy with large hands. Navigating the phone with one hand is rarely an issue for me. It is very slim and very light and fits in every pair of pants pockets that I own.I've come to love the size of the phone. There is a transition period to going to a larger phone like this, but I couldn't be more happy with this device. I'm more of an Apple guy and had the option to go with the 5, but I'm perfectly content with my Note for the time being.Battery life is AMAZING. I definitely recommend hooking up to wifi and home and at work if you have the ability to. Configured correctly, I could go THREE DAYS between charges when connected to wifi. That is completely unheard of these days with smart phones. When signal drops, battery tends to drain faster of course, but this is hands down the best smartphone battery life I've ever come across. It is ranked number 2 in smartphone battery life behind the Droid Maxx, but I personaly haven't been very impressed with Motorola's phones as of late.Highly recommended device. Samsung is making some very, very good smartphones lately.

I love this phone!  I love the size of the screen, the applications, everything about it.  I would buy it again!

I received my phone within a couple of days with no problem. It's big, bold and I love it. I use a bluetooth, so I never have to put it up to my ear if I don't choose to.

This is my first Smart Phone. I was very resistant to joining the electronic age.  I am glad I chose to buy the Samsung Note 11.  The price was right.  I did not need the latest phone.  But I am pleased that I chose Samsung.

I love this phone. It's a little big until you get used to. Now it seems normal to me. Has a lot of great features. Some features I am still finding out about to this day. I don't explore it as much as I should, but it still does what I need it to do. It's a keeper for awhile!

Finally a phone that works all the time. The sound is great, picture is great, and the battery life and speed are great! No complaints!

I love to get the phone for Just $19.99 in a special deal. I called some of my friends if they want it in such a low price but at that time nobody came up. I feel little warm while using video or GPS. Apart from that i do not have any complain. Sprint service is not always 4G LTE in Chicago suburb area it goes to 3G several times slowing down the download speed.

I purchased 2 Samsung Galaxy Note II phones for 1 cent as upgrades to a pair of 4 year old HTC Evo's. Even though the Note IV is coming and the Note III is available, you can't beat almost free. We did not care about the gray (Titanium) color because of the price and cases. I would have rated the purchase an absolute 5, but one of the Note II's came with white headphones and the other did not include headphones in the box. The headphones seem to be worth about $10 - $15, so I had to drop a star for what appears to be a missing item, otherwise, I could have easily double pointed this purchase and rated it a 10 out of 5. (It probably deserves a 5/5 even with the missing item.)

Great phone and mini tablet.  I hardly use my computer anymore. Everyone who sees it says &#34; is that your phone?'  It attracts attentions and works like a charm

Amazing phone. Switched from iPhone 4s. I love this communication device. Does everything a tablet, computer, camera, and phone should do. Great apps. 4G LTE is so fast.

I was a BB user. Tried HCT - didn't like it - went back to BB. Got the Note II - from Amazon Wireless, with continued service thru Sprint Dec 26th, 2012. LOVE IT!  Then the phone died on March 21st (which was a Thursday).  I had never dropped the phone or done anything else that would have caused it to stop working so I called Sprint - from my land-line - and had to MAKE AN APPOINTMENT (for later that afternoon) to take it to one of their repair shops. (Not all Sprint stores do repairs.) The phone repair store could not do anything with it because it would not boot past the Samsung screen AND wouldn't turn off unless you took the battery out - so they had to order a replacement phone which cost me $50 (because I opted not to pay the $11 something per month for Sprints TEP - Total Equipment Protection when I first started using the phone).  AND FYI, if you think phone insurance will cover it, guess again because there is a $50 to $200 deductible you have to pay first.Before going to the repair store, I had enough sense to bring my old BB (fully charged) phone with me because I was pretty sure they wouldn't be able to `fix' the Samsung. They re-set up my BB to use until the replacement came in the following Tuesday. The replacement is a re-manufactured Note II - and I swear is not working as well as the first one - before it died.  But, that's what I'm forced to accept. Whatever.... My biggest grip - the apps I had on the first phone are gone and I now have to retrace what I had on the dead phone, some of which were free and some I paid for.  The way I understand it, there is no backup program out there that backs-up the apps on your phone.  They may transfer to a replacement phone - IF the broken phone can be accessed - but mine could not.  So, I have had to spend hours of my time since the phone stopped working to try and get back what I once had before it broke. (My photos and contacts were all backed up but not the apps.)Amazon Wireless has no way to take care of you face-to-face and therein lays the problem when purchasing an important item from them, such as a cell phone. I don't know why the phone died - but it did. Too bad I can't get the hours I spend trying to get this all fixed - back -- I know I won't make that mistake -ever- again.

Never thought I would ever use a touch screen cell, however, the Galaxy Note II has changed my mind! I absolutely love this phone. It does all I need it to do and more!

So far i am very happy with the phone, its fast its HUGE, its just amazing. I was watching a lot of reviews on line for this version of the phone and its exactly it.Also, this phone is very fast, great sizes, and good quality of camera.

I picked up a Galaxy Note 2 right after launch in November.  Here in January, I am still in love with this device.  Being 6' 3", the size really does not bother me at all, and I love having all of the screen space.  If you feel you need/want the space and power this phone offers, there's really no contest.  The Note II is awesome.

Cheaper than sprint renewal for a 2 years. Phone works great so far but it's a little bit bigger than I expected

Got one for both myself and the wife...I wanted the galaxy 4..Wife voted for this one..I went with her decision and am just as happy as the wife...I guess we should listen to our wifes more?(Let's not get too carried away)....Anyway, bottom line.... has every bell and whistle I could use, and the price was right thanks to the Amazon and Sprint arrangement...

Super quality smartphone! From the expandable storage space to the camera quality, I could not be happier with this device!

Done with apple. Back to android and loving it! Not sure I'll ever use all the features, but I like the ones I use.

Best price around!! No one can beat it!! The device itself is wonderful, it exceeded my expectations!! Everyone in my circle loves it too! I'm a fan for life...if u could give it 10 stars I would! Happy Note II owner :0)

Anyone hating on this phone is just jealous that the specs destroy their crapple iphoney.This thing is a beast! The screen is large enough where you no longer need to carry a phone and a tablet with you everywhere you go, all you need is this one device. This thing has got more power under the hood than many desktop computers!The S-Pen is a neat little novelty, but its cuteness, or coolness wears off after a few days of having the device, as it is rarely necessary or useful for the most part.

Really enjoy the size, functionality of this phone. The sylus is a great addition! It allows me the ability to &#34;point and click&#34; thru apps and the web just like on my computer. The screen resolution sharp and clear, and the colors are saturated and vibrant. I would recommend this phone to anyone who wants or needs more size and space in a phone!

This is a terrific phone, but you won't be able to enjoy it, let alone activate it, because the service is terrible (when it is actually available). The battery life is nowhere near what it's quoted at with Sprint because you are constantly roaming. You never get to experience any of it's features unless you are on a WiFi network. Great device for media, plays all file formats for video and audio. All around incredible device, but the service is god awful. Do yourself a favor and get it through another carrier. I purchased it through Sprint and had to return it the next day, now that I have the Note 2 through Verizon I'm able to experience what the phone has to offer in a whole new light.

The best one ever I had .  Love it.  It s huge and clear I can see better due to my eyes.  I recommend to get the Galaxy Note II.

I love it .

My wife and I upgraded from Evo 4Gs.  My wife got a Galaxy S3, and I got the Note 2.  Her phone is very nice; great display that's bright and large; it's thin and light, you can expand the memory with micro sd cards, and it has a changeable battery.  The Galaxy S3 is an excellent phone.  My Note 2 is all of the above, with the additional benefits of a huge battery that typically lasts about 18 - 20 hours per charge (and is still changeable), an incredibly fast quad core processor, and an even bigger screen. The phone is large, but I have no problem using it with one hand.  However, I must admit that with Dockers, the phone sticks out of my back pocket.  Other than that, this is a terrific phone.  If it weren't too large for some of my rear pockets, it would be perfect.  When I look at my daughter's iPhone 5, I can't believe that anyone wants to use a phone with such a tiny display, non-expandable memory, and a built in battery. I don't think I could go back to any phone with a smaller screen.  BTW - the S pen is very cool; I'm learning to use it, and it is a great tool, once you know how to use it.

This is great phone. I can see all my apps clearly. I can now multi-task without a problem. Best phone i ever had.

I will not needlessly critique the mobile phone, as it is the best handset on the market -- largest most attractive screen, extremely thoughtful and intuitive Samsung customized user interface, best battery life.I had been a Verizon Wireless customer for 4 years -- recently on the Galaxy Nexus phone.I use lots of data for streaming investment information, and the Galaxy Nexus was inferior when tethering / mobile hotspotting it to my laptop computer.The Sprint 4G LTE network in Chicago and Rockford, IL is faster than Verizon's.  Likely this is due to the lack of traffic, as Verizon's network was fast a year ago, but much slower now. (2011: 15mbps DL / 10mbps UL, 2012: 4mbps DL / 3mbps UL on Verizon; 2012: 20mbps DL / 15mbps UL on Sprint)Sprint, having a deep pocketed Japanese investor, is poised to be the top carrier in 5 years.  They simply have more wireless bandwidth they intend to leverage.The Galaxy Note 2 I got thru Amazon.com for $100 as a new line of service.  Add  to that the $100 discount for switching from Verizon to Sprint and the GN2 mobile phone was free.  If that were not enough, Sprint offers CREDIT UNION customers 10% off on their bill, AND, waives the $35 activation fee.Sprint deals are simply the best.Lastly, Sprint voice mail service seamlessly integrates with Google Voice.  Google Voice allows for efficient and easy voice mail and calling services.  Notably, when I left Verizon I had forgotten to back up my voice mail messages, and they were lost permanently.  Google Voice emails me the voice mail message as an audio file AND transcribes the verbal message in the email as well.  A feature that is cutting edge, and remarkable.Anyone reading this review must choose this phone, with this carrier -- Sprint.  The $100 discount to switch carriers, along with a credit union discount of 10%, and waiver of the activation fee, makes Sprint #1 in competitiveness.

This phone is worth the money because there is nothing you can't do with it.I paid 700 for it and it has replaced my 1200 $ computer.This isn't a phone its a computer.If you buy one be sure you get the biggest storage model.and a 64 gigabyte sdcard.your going to need it at some point.it's really easy to use it does fit in your pocket. And no one thinks you look funny with it in your hand . Every one wants to play with it. I don't let them lolI love my note 2 and I can't wait to see the note3 lol

I love this phone! It does more than I expected. The price Was almost $200 cheaper On Amazon with MY upgrade than if I had Used the upgrade On my service provider's website.

If you are looking for a larger screen capable of doing anything a PC can do (and just as fast with 4G) this is a great phone.

Coming from a DroidX  which was on its last legs I am very impressed. The Droid was an ok phone but would sometimes reboot, had issues with slowness etc.Things I love,Display! knocks your soocks off vivid colors.Bluetooth Was buggy on my old phone Solid performer here and  notification sounds are finally routed thru bluetooth.Battery life,  I can run the whole day no need to plug in. Simply the best phon I have had ever

I really like the phone. I had to send one back because it was defective. Amazon took care of it immediately. The power button is not in the best position and is easily pushed by accident.

Everyone said it would be too big, it's not, it's the perfect size. One of the fastest phones you can buy definitely the fastest I've ever owned.

Well, fact is theres way too much to say...but what I liked mostly is that I loaded downmy whole dang ITunes library along with the Pandora appalso.The visuals are awesome too.The stylus pen is really a nice touch, what, well I neverhad one before and I think its great...especially when youdon't have to type texts with sausage fingers like me...you just scribble-a-wibble away.People, Im psyched I tell you! ....for I am about to have deliveredto me in my home the klipsch &#34;wireless&#34; KMC speaker to rockmy music files on this device.There will be an update. Chow....

Even though it's not the fastest or "coolest" anymore, it's still a great phone. The magic comes when you incorporate the stylus into your workflow. I love to take notes but have never been able to feel at home typing them out into my phone. Writing them with the stylus feels more natural and I'm able to have access to the notes and sketches anywhere (I use Papyrus) and organize them into my projects.And the screen is GREAT. I came from an iPhone 4. I loved the Retina but the screen size and quality is amazing on the Note 2.The only lackluster feature about the Note 2 is the camera. A lot of lens flare and washed out colors. I take very few pics and have considered carrying around my iP4 just to snag pics.Highly recommend the Synergy ROM.

Can't beat it for the price. Very glad I got it.ProsBattery lasts all dayFastS-pen is greatConsCamera isn't the best but is usable in most light conditions.

This has got to be the best phone I've ever owned. I temporarily got the new version (Note 3) and returned it in about a week.  Don&#8217;t get me wrong, the Note 3 is a very nice and extremely capable phone. However, it came with one deal-breaking issue: display.Note 2 will give those vibrant colors that just pop.  Great for gaming and movies.  The Note 3&#8217;s display is FULL HD but even with all that clarity, the colors look noticeably dull.  The Note 2 has a 1280x800 display may not be as super clear but, it has great color representation.I&#8217;d opt for the vivid color over the FULL HD display any day.  Save some money and frustration, get yourself the Note 2.  Btw, I got mine 9 months from when it was released and still have it.

Beautiful phone and I loved it...Screen looked brand new and the phone works perfectly well

Love it. Best phone ever. It do everything you can think of. I went from iPhone to this galaxy note 2

My vision is not so great, therefore I order this phone and love every aspect of it.  If I had to make the choice I would choose it again.  The price was not bad, I would never upgrade through my cellphone company again. Amazon is the way to go.

I was thinking of getting a tablet, but when I first saw the Samsung Galaxy Note ll by  one of my relatives, I decided to upgrade my phone to the Note ll instead. It does everything a phone does as well as a tablet. I don't have to carry 2 devices, but have everything on one.  It also replaces my GPS device, and makes traveling much easier.

THIS IS A GREAT PHONE AT A FANTASTIC UNHEARD OF PRICE.  I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PHONE WHO IS LOOKING TO UPGRADE!

I traded my I-phone for this one and I'm so glad I did.  Everyone always ask, &#34;Isn't that phone to big?  You might as well talk on an I-pad!&#34;  I love this phone!  The size is not an issue for me and I don't use a bluetooth.  I think this is the perfect phone for me as I needed a bigger screen.

Ok....I went from an old LG smartphone and I thought this phone was gonna be too big. But after using it for two weeks now every time I pick up a friend or family members phone I just cant help but laugh! How the heck do they use those itty bitty phones? If your looking for a new phone this is the one you need!!!! Its super fast has tons of features and settings. I chose this ph because my old computer bit the dust and my old ph was out of internal memory. So I thought this would kill two birds with one stone, well let me tell you it's way way more than I thought it could be!! Super Happy!

She loves the note 2. The big screen is perfect for her.she is more in to her phone now. Streaming music to settings the alarm clock.Oh, and the camera is another thing she love about her new phone. No problems yet.

Awesome phone! I upgraded from the Galaxy s3. I love the Samsung phones. I was afraid of it being too big but its perfect!

If you are contemplating getting this phone, there's a couple things you should know.A) The phone is huge. I upgraded from the HTC Evo 4g and the screen alone is bigger than my entire old phone. If you wear pants with tiny/tight pockets, then you'll have trouble finding a place to put this. That being said, the phone is exceptionally thin and slides easily into my pockets. It's also very light considering the size, however there are definitely lighter phones on the market if that's a key point for you. The big screen is very helpful if you plan to have multiple windows open (a great feature of the galaxy line).B) The phone is more powerful than the SIII if youre looking to compare the two, and while it's not the most powerful on the market, it'll do just about anything you need it to do unless you're often using extremely power intensive apps. The S pen isn't all that great, and I prefer to think of the note II as a large phone rather than a small tablet, but it can pull off tablet-like functions if that's what you're looking for. Most of the functions on the phone are easily found and understood, so whether you're new or a pro, it's easy to manage and learn.C) Call quality is very clear and loud on the phone, although people might look at you funny for holding such a large contraption to your face. The note II is also very intuitive with calling and messaging functions, so it's easy to pick up and learn.D) If you're reading this review than you're probably also thinking of buying this phone through amazon as I did. I upgraded 3 phones on our family plan all through amazon. The process isn't the most streamlined if you're planning on ordering multiple phones, but I do have to give an A+ to amazon's customer service. I had to call during the ordering process to figure out how to order multiple phones, and then again when I got an email saying there was an issue and the order was cancelled. Both times my questions were effectively answered with very polite and helpful people. I then called Sprint to activate my phones and was again pleased to find helpful customer service.I'm constantly learning new and interesting functions on this phone, and may update this review later if there's something I stumble across that needs noting. I own(ed) an HTC Evo 4g, a Nexus 7, and now a Samsung Galaxy Note II. I would very much recommend this product to anyone.

I guess I was used to a smaller phone? This is basically a tablet you use like a phone? It is a pretty cool tab for what it is, but you need to get used to it.

I love it nice phone 4g work good where I live on sprint look the phone I get week now

There is nothing negative I can say about this phone. The battery can last a day and a half even with heavy use! I am constantly texting, surfing, using Maps, listening to music and it is super fast and never any problems. I absolutely love this phone

I like this phone more than any other smart phones I've had so far. It has a gorgeous display. It's really thin and has almost enough battery capacity to play streaming music from dawn until... well not bed time, but maybe dusk plus a little.I like the fact that it has a stylus and hand writing recognition as well though I haven't used those features all that much so far.PROs:great displaylarge enough touch surface to make the onscreen keyboard useful in landscape and almost adequate in portraithas 4Gyou don't have to pop the battery to change SD cardsvery thinfeels sturdyit's fast/responsivegood battery capacityabout as large of a screen as possible I think without having an actual tablet rather than something more phone-likeCons:off button on the sideno external micro sd card slotnot as good at picking up 4g as the HTC Evo 4Gaudio system doesn't support sharing of the sound output by more than 1 app very well (this is an android 4 issue I think)fewer hardware or system config options in the settings than I found in earlier android releasesno useful extra programmable hardware buttons, so you can't quickly access a few apps without looking at the deviceon/off button on the side rather than the top, so it's too easy to hit it when picking up the device (the device is too long to pick up one handed by grasping the top and bottom, which makes hitting side button pretty likely...)you have to remove the cover to switch SD cards (though not the battery... so maybe another 5+ years before they figure out that people might want to be able to store lots of music ect on micro-sd cards and just quickly swap them out like CD's or tapes... gee what a new idea no one has ever heard of)it doesn't seem to pick up 4G as reliably has my Evo 4G did, but it still generally does find itlacks the option to force the use of 4Gmusic is interrupted (paused) when system sounds play, rather than mixing in the system sound. I know linux supports shared audio devices so I don't get why this isn't available on this version of androidno built in configuration to direct some audio to speaker even when using headphoneshas the usual sprint and samsung bloatware that almost no one useslacks extra configurable hardware buttons, so you can't have a few quickly accessible with looking at the screen apps  like a camera or voice recording(this is true of almost any android device though)

I did a lot of research into phones knowing that I wanted to get something that would do more than just email and Facebook. The answer was the Note 2. I had been happy with my S, the original of the the series and wanted to stick to Samsung as I love the droid system. This phone has the best of the S series and the best of a tablet all in one. I can back up my contacts on my Google email, the memory card moves photos, music, even movies and stores them though the internal memory is amazing. The processing is fast and effective when taking photos or running multiple apps. I can have music playing while reading my Kindle app or surf the web while playing on the Ancestry app. The size will seem strange but the adjustment is easy. With so many apps there is something for everyone. The best feature is the S pen, even if you don't use it to write like a pen it is a great tool for browsing or when you have nails like me (LOL). Amazon offers a case with a kickstand, I recommend it for viewing pleasure because Netflix is amazing on the phone. And with a memory card slot up to 64G you can watch tons of movies... Enjoy!

Really like this phone. Phone is a beast! You can do soo much with this phone, also like the s pen,  screen size,

The phone is great but I would like to trade it in for the waterproof one.But I can't complain about anything

This phone was quickly shipped and arrived in amazing condition. The consultant at the Sprint store told me he'd been told from several people that phones ordered from Amazon were refurbished and sometimes had issues, but this was definitely not true of this one! Saved me over $150 versus the amount they wanted in-store. Can't beat that.The only downside I can find to this phone is it is HUGE. This is great when you want to watch Netflix or play games, but when you want to just slip it in a pocket and go... not so much. I have an Otterbox on mine simply because I am really hard on my phones, so that probably adds quite a bit of weight to it.The screen is amazing and perfect for Netflix and Youtube videos, and very touch responsive. I use the stylus all the time, from browsing to taking screenshots to doodling. VERY useful. I have even used it in meetings to take notes. Love it!

I think this is an amazing device. When I first started seeing people with these GNs and GN2s I thought to myself that they looked too large for a phone, but after having my own it didn't take more than a few days before anything else just feels too small. The processor is snappy, programs open and do exactly what is expected when called upon. The battery life I'm getting is 20+ hours with moderate use. I've had several days when I went greater than 24 hours on a single charge. I'm a paramedic who works 24 hour shifts, so that kind of battery life from a smart phone is a godsend. I've even been able to easily install Adobe Flash (from the Adobe website archives) and now I can watch Amazon Instant Video on this beautiful screen practically anywhere!! I've not encountered any problems with foreclose issues or random reboots or whatnot.My only concern with this phone is that the first device I owned was working just fine up until a firmware update from Android 4.1.1 to 4.1.2 was forced (Sprint is my carrier), and I suddenly had poor to no reception in many places. It seemed as though the cell radio was averaging 15-20 dBms less than the other 3 phones on our plan in any given area. I don't know if there was a hardware failure that occurred at the same time as the update, or if the update caused the reception problem. But after 2 weeks of "trouble shoot and wait" with Sprint tech support, they replaced my original Galaxy Note 2 with a brand new one. The brand new one works excellent, just as good as my first one did - and it still had Android 4.1.1 on it. So when the system prompted me to accept the update to 4.1.2 I declined it because I'm half convinced that the update was the problem with my first device. So now my gripe isn't with the Galaxy Note 2, but with the constant nag notifications that keep prompting me to accept the System Software Update. It's non-stop, and I cannot figure out how to make them quit bugging me already. The only thing I have read about that works would involve 'rooting' my device, but that would void the warranty. So, that's my ONLY gripe with this device.

Former long time Apple iPhone consumer who made the switch to Android about 6 months ago. Decided on the Samsung Note2 and very happy with change. Many features that just can't compare to others. Faster, slim, larger screen, launchers etc. S Pen is sweet! and it sits nicely on my belt in the OtterBox Defender.  Nothing wrong with the still limited phone if you like that, but will stay with Android for now. Jmo

This cell phone is above all others except for the color balance, it's a little too warm, and it is a notch below Iphone 5. Well, it did not matter if I was not fooled by At&t;, this company is criminal in term of exploitation, they over charged...and they silently changed their return policy from 30 days to 15 days, thus, I got stuck.One advice for every other city dwellers, stay away from At&t;, now I have to eat 24 months of death sentence.At&t; 300 buck.......Sprint 100 bucks, have your choice.

This phone has taught me how to use a phone.  i use to have difficulties using phones but this one is so easy to use and I love all the functions that I can do on this phone.

So I have my Tablet, Kindle, Laptop all going unused because of this phone. It replaces your tablet and your hack/service plan to get it to WiFi hotspot with your mobile phone. There is no need for a reader with this thing as it is big enough to read all by itself. You can do everything with this phone and it just looks better. Yes it is big but you get used to that. It is much smaller than the phones in the 80's.The biggest difference between this phone and other phones or devices is that it makes everything you want to do on your phone more practical to do. Hook up a bluetooth keyboard and write a long letter. Manage your accounts, connect to harddrives on your network, program new apps, Use as a GPS the list goes on and on. This thing is truly awesome. It eliminates the need to take a tablet and a phone with you because you can do it all on your phone. With a couple of trusty apps you can't be stopped with this phone.

When purchased, I snagged this SAMSUNG GALAXY NOTE II (Sprint) for ONLY $99.99! Of course, a new 2YR AGREEMENT was required, but this is an $829.99 phone! No mail in rebates... No hidden fees... No phone to trade in.It's been about a month, and the phone continues to exceed expectation. PROS... Very smooth, generally lag free, good battery life, huge display, 16GB internal plus SD compatibility.CONS... I see only one con for certain people, especially females; the HUGE 5.5" display. I have large hands, and I can barely handle the phone using just one hand. The phone has specific options to make navigating the phone easier, but it doesn't quite cut it. This phone demands two hands.The size also affects the idea of carrying your phone in your pants/jean pockets. I wear baggy clothing with big pockets, so it works for me, but most pockets won't work. And even when you finally squeeze it in... Once you decide to sit down, the phone stabs you in the stomach.Overall... GREAT PHONE! And for $99.99 it is RIDICULOUS! If you use your phone while moving around, I wouldn't recommend it, although Bluetooth might provide a solution. White Collar workers... This is a phone for you.

So, received my phone but it had evidently been reported stolen prior to my receiving it. Upon contacting Sprint, they told me to go to a Sprint Store to get the problem fixed, without detailing the problem.  Six Sprint Stores later, I'm still stuck with an inactive phone that was reported stolen and a Sprint Bill.  For what it's worth, I ordered the phone back in the late spring, and have been trying to fight with Sprint and Amazon since.The phone's great though.  Very pretty.

Just received this new handset and the battery life is so much better than the Evo 3d that I upgraded from. Great phone.

I have nothing more to say.  I have been using mobile phones since 1997 and this one is by far the most perfect phone I have ever had.  It does everything it is supposed to do, and more.  My husband has an iPhone and can barely see the screen to do anything more than send a text or make a call.  For everything else he grabs my phone!I will also take a moment to plug Sprint.  Been using them since day-1 and have never had issue with service or support.  By far the best plan rates on the market.

I think the phone is amazing.  It does everything you could want from a smartphone.  The screen is large and vibrant, and the battery is amazing.  I easily can go at least1 full day and some more before charging it again.

It does so much, I ended up buying a book for it. For the functions I DO know how to use, it works great!

This phone is still over 200 dollars at Sprint. I paid $99 bucks. Awesome deal. I had a small problem activating as soon as I got the phone, but just took it in store and it was not an issue. Recommend to anyone looking for a big phone.

This is by far the best phone I have ever owned and I always try to be the first to try the newest phones.  Love love love the screen size and picture quality

Other than battery. I have nothing to complaint.I took this mainly for sketching using stylus and I am very happy that I took the right decision.

Great battery life, great screen, and 2gb of ram let the note 2 perform like champ! Wouldn't trade  it for the world!

This phone is incredibly glitchy.  Random freezes, letters and words just disappear while your typing, not to mention that since flash is no longer available for android the big screen seems kind of pointless.  Except for watching sprint tv this phone is a waste of money and space.  Unless you need the big screen for work i would look elsewhere.  I never thought I would say this but after having this phone for 5 months I am ready to go back to a flip phone.  I also wish I had kept my evo instead of buying this.  I think samsung has gone downhill as far as quality goes.  The S3 is almost as big of a pain in the ass.  If all you have had is samsung or if this is your first smart phone then it may not bother you, but after going from the htc evo to this I fell like I've been downgraded.  The screen is bigger and better on the note 2 but the EVO was so much easier to use and it would only get glitchy when it got hot.  The note2 is always glitchy for me and it has been that way since day 1.  The menus in the Note2 are also difficult to navigate unless you know exactly where something is otherwise it could take 10 minutes of searching to turn something off.

The phone has great call quality and 4G is fantastic. Can play DISH on the go with Live TV.I f had 1 issue to complain about - charging with the screen saver on takes forever and a day. Try to charge with power off - it only takes about an hour and a half.

Finally talked my father in-law to move to the smart phone era. He chose this for the size, and the s-pen. He LOVES this phone. Most people say they don't use the s-pen after the new period wares off. He cant put it down.

The sound quality during a phone cono is not as clear as I expected. Other than that the phone works great. I wasn't thrilled about the shipping either. I was requested to receive a text when it arrived and ups failed to do so. Also it was left at the end of my front porch in the cold and rain instead of inside the screen door as I would have expected an expensive sensitive product should have been, which I believe may have caused the sound dysfunction.

I have big hands and needed a phone that wasn't the size of my thumb. This one has held up with the OtterBox case I have put on it, which I highly recommend as well. The features on this phone are pretty nice as well, and I'm not really looking to upgrade because it does well as is. Very happy with this purchase.

Phone works great and I love the features.  The only downside is the massive size of the phone.  I added an Otter-Box Defender case (I'm tough on equipment) and that makes it borderline for a pocket.

Cheap fast easy I loved it way better than actually going to sprint if you dobt mind to wait 2days

I purchased this Note II for $49 plus tax and it's everything I expected. I would suggest the Note II over the III for the price.

good hardware (could be great, but did not make it)samsung stuff on top of android slows it downsamsung android 4.3 update will take control of your device away from you.samsung &#34;support&#34; is uselessIf you promptly root your Note 2 and keep samsungs crap software away from it you will like this device (4 stars)if you let samsung update it you will hate it (negative stars!)

I really enjoy the Note 2.  For years I had Palm phones, but Sprint quit carrying them so based on reviews, I tried this one.  I am very pleased and learn more features every day.

Because my phone is still freezing up and running slow I called in about this and I didn't get a call so I am very very not satisfied? ???

I ordered this phone at a great price and it shipped very fast.  It was an upgrade for me and I am very happy with it.  I love all of the features and how user friendly it is.  One slight issue I have is the volume on the phone wavers and can sound low, but other than that I'm satisfied!

I'm somewhat of a "Tech junkie." Therefore,  I've owned/own my fair share of devices. Iphone 3g, 3gs, HTC EVO,  EVO 3D, Galaxy TAB 7.7, Droid Razr Maxx, and droid DNA by HTC, to name a few. This by far does what all the above do and MORE. I am not a Samsung fan, but as of late they have set the bar in what modern tech can be. Anyone debating on making the leap to this monster of a device shouldn't hesitate! I thought the size would make it uneasy to handle since I have small hands but, I quickly got used to it.  It also has 1 handed mode, where you can switch the keyboard,  phone dial pad, and ecen the calculator to favor either side with the touch of an arrow! I know women who have no problem operating the phone with the smallest hands. There is already a wealth of accessories at your disposal since this is a global device, as well as being available on 5 U.S carrier's.  This has taken over my tablet as my browsing and media device. The S-pen acts as a mouse with features like hovering over links to show previews of emails, web content, photo albums and even shows a live preview with sound of your videos just by hovering! this device is nothing short of amazing! of course, the main reason this device is made, being a phone, it is excellent and reception and 4g LTE conectivity where available. No dropped calls and everyone sounds clear and say that I sound clear on my end. Buy it!Pros: super fast quad core 1.6 GHz processor.Large 5.5 inch super amoled 720 p HD screen non pentile version.A plethora of the features including the extra features that that s pen enables.Great battery life with 3100 mah battery whuch is removable.Micro sd slot for up to 64 gbs of external storage.Cons: Pricey, but you will not need to worry about your device vecoming obsolete before your next device, as its packing the latest and greatest in every aspect besides the 1st and only 1080p display in the USA on the DNA. Which that device has ONLY a 2020 MAH battery, and a few other shortcomings which I don't need to list in this review.A little large,  but as I mentioned you will quickly become accustomed to the size and everything else will feel unnecessarily small. Making myself wonder why I ever wanted such a small device especially with this being pocketable.My conclusion.  This is hands down the best device for all your entertainment,  productivity,  and typical smartphone needs!

Great purchase. We are so pleased with this phablet. It is a great quaility device! I can't believe I paid half what my provider of 10 yrs. wanted to charge us! Love the functionality and all the bells and whistles. Nothing not to love!

Bought my phone a few weeks ago and I am truly happy with it. I am planning my wedding and this phone is great for people on the go, I would strongly recommend this phone to anyone.

i ordered the phone on dec. 22nd and the phone was backordered with a expected delivery date of february 6th. i ended up getting it dec 28th. i was thrilled. this phone is pretty sweet. i like aosp android but the touchwiz on this phone is integrated really well and offers a lot of neat features.everything on this phone works great to. the screen, speakers... everything. i'm esp happy with the volume output of the rear speaker. i work in a shop and need to be able to hear it ring, i should have no problem with this phone. the speaker quality is also clear. battery life on this phone is great as well. i've used this phone today way more than i ever would have used my Galaxy Nexus and i still have 67% battery life left at 11 pm. the gnex would have been dead a long time ago and it even had the bigger 2200 (i think) samsung battery in it.if you're on the fence about this phone, go for it.

I love this phone.  the super amoled screen is bright, crisp and clear.  the screen itself is HUGE &#60;3  and the 2 gigs of ram + quadcore processor are AMAZING FAST.  I want for nothing, samsung did a helluvagreat job on this phone.  thanks again, and sprint 4g is superfast, critics be damned i have had zero problems one time in 3 weeks have i seen a 3g indicator and it was gone quickly.

Best phone ever! It has awesome speakers and really good audio quality!! It has more memory and can do more. It has more apps and works fast on the internet.

Haven't found anything to complain about yet with this gr8 phone....the one thing I needed the most out it I got....BATTERY LIFE....this thing will stay on for 20+ hours no problem....happy

My favorite feature is the stylus allowing me to take notes and not have to carry around notebooks/portfolios anymore at work.Otherwise, it's OK.  I just got it for the large screen to watch Netflix and, again, take notes.

Very impressed with  my Galaxy Note II, love of the features and applications. The way 'My Files' are set up and the camera's quality are excellent features. I Never will purchase another iphone again.

Love this phone/tablet what ever they want to call it, it does everything that i use it for excellent, I am glad I bought the phone....

This phone has gone beyond my expectations. The clarity of the screen, simplicity of the tutorials, and the many, many extras. I would definitely recommend this phone to any and every body who wants an amazing phone.

You Cannot purchase this Phone At the listed price of 69.99 They will Charge your Card And Then the next day tell you they cannot fulfill Your Order and cancel it with no Explanation As to Why but they then refer you to your local wireless provider which you have to select in the checkout process once you are approved by them (in our case sprint) They will charge you 199.00 for the same phone they're  advertising here for 69.99 its simple Bait and switch and Amazon should be ashamed of these practices.

You so need to get this thing!  I'm not going to call it a phone or evena smartphone, this is beyond that in what it can do.  Dual screens and the best processing out there. Please find it on sale though three hundred is a bit much for any phone.  The only thing I could say negative is that it is a bit funking feeling holding it up to your ear, thank you bluetooth.

its like no other phone i have ever heard of. i have not been disappointed. 1000 thumbs up! very good

This is an excellent phone.  I love everything about it, except that it keeps rebooting.  Appearntly this is "known" problem for these kind of phones.  I swithched from an iphone, which this never happened for years.  I call the customer service to report and return the defective phone.  They don't send you anything before you ship back the phone.  This means you'll be without a phone for a few days.  What do you get?  "I'm really sorry" Come on, really sorry???  I asked for an overnight option but they don't have that option.  I guess there is value in getting your phone from a store, where you can get it fixed or replaced on the spot. Especially if you need your phone to work and make a living.

After playing with this phone for a few weeks I definitely understand why they are calling it a &#34;phablet&#34;. This is a decent compromise to carrying around two devices. I would highly recommend using a bluetooth adapter for making calls as you do look a little silly holding this monster up to your head.

Had the Galaxy Note 2 for a few days, wow what a cool device, but had to pay $90.00 for the service from Sprint. Returned it and decided to go with the Galaxy S2 with Virgin paying $35/mo + $5.00 insurance fee. The S2 also is a great device, lots of ROM and can add a SD card for future apps. No restarting issues yet after a few weeks, will update if I due have any issues....

I am a school student, and the screen is just amazing. I like to both develop games, and read online textbooks, and the bi screen really helps. It was a selling point between the S3 and the Note2.

Love the screen.  Love the battery life.  Love the SPen handwriting function.  These are the functions I bought it for and it has lived up to my expectations.

Great phone!  Rooted as soon as I got it.  Super easy and fun to mod. The spen is great and nice size to display everything

Really nice

I think the Samsung Note 2 with it's 5.5 inch screen is perfect for me, but I guess if Amazon false advertisement selling this phablet on a new account was not to be for me.  It took me five times, and several calls to customer service, using their shoddy software to process the order to get my payment accepted, the first two times said I was approved, the last three said there would need to be a review before the order could be processed and shipped because of their malfunctioning.  I received an email telling me to call Amazon, was connected to Sprint, ask several questions about past information.  I was then told that I was approved for my order and that I should receive the phones by 07/10/2013, the coming Thursday.  On Tuesday on logged on to Amazon to discover that I had no previous orders, when I called I was told that Amazon decided not to sell me any phones, no other explanation.  I don't understand, if the service provider approved me for more that I phone and opened an account with them why wouldn't Amazon honor the original agreement.  Why advertise something if you don;t want to sell it.  I have been a customer of Amazon for many years, I have never had any problems until now, this will not keep me from getting the phone, naturally I would shop for the cheaper price, but Amazon wireless, I am very disappointed in how you handled this issue concerning the phone order, I will never recommend your website to anyone again, is this how you keep long term customers, or are we all just a number on your large corporation.  I am willing to bet you provided better customer service when you were a new company, if not you wouldn't be successful now.  [...] THANKS FOR NOTHING!

This phone is all I wanted it to be plus some, the S pen feature is the best learning more tips & tricks.

Great fast phone. Great battery life!! Great quality screen, good phone to do whatever you want in it. Good quality camera; it has lots of funtcionality!

This is a phone for the &#34;On the Move' individual (Yay). The one challenge is the unit is Not Adobe Compatible but does come with Polaris as an Alternate ( info which was not and is not provided) within the description thus the 4 star rating. Otherwise time will tell.

I love this phone it met all my expectations. The screen is enormous and vibrant and the colors are amazing. I never get bored with this phone because of the many features it possess.

Phone seems very  nice however; sprint, has been been less that than efficient at transferring my number into my phone

Great phone that does everything wonderfully. Hope they continue to make accessories for this phone and that it is a mainstay in the Samsung line up for a long time to come.

Love this phone. Perfect size. Very fast.  Good quality screen. Do not care for the notification and sound settings. Not as easy and intuitive as my Motorola Photon was.

First of this phone has a massive 5.5&#34; screen.  It is not 1080 but still provides a crystal clear awesome display.  Second it has a quad core processor chugging away at 1.6Ghz.  Not the fastest out there, but nearly so.  Comes with 16GB of ROM and you can add more via a micro SD card - plenty of room. Standard features, front and rear cameras - not the highest resolution but still respectable.  Bluetooth, WIFI up to N and NFC.  Comes with JB 4.1.2 and 4.3 is rolling out as I pen this.  KitKat will undoubtedly be added at some point.It is a big phone, not designed for the dainty and weak.  I added a silcone/plastic case and it has an armored feel to it now.Battery life is good, will run all day on a single charge with substantial use.Finally, it is last year's model and that means Samsung is clearing them out for the Note 3.  Great deals are to be had.  If the size does not intimidate you, this is your phone.  Runs with the best of them, and provides a total media experience.

I am very pleased with the Samsung Galaxy Note II. It does every thing that I expected and more. I am a school administrator. I utilize several excel files and take noted frequently. A tablet is too much for me to carry around during my busy day. This phone is convenient.

This is about a phone that can do it all.In a couple short years, Samsung has created a new form factor and design to lead us into the future of smartphones. 6 Years ago, my favorite phone was my Treo 650. A trusty Swiss-Army-knife-type phone that was a blend between PDA and cellphone, issued to me by my company at the time. It had everything a professional could want in one package.... albeit a very bulky package.Since leaving that company, I have had quite a few cellphones with NONE of them matching the utility and business acumen of the trusty Treo 650. I played with hardware QWERTY phones and some with snazzy screens and dual cores. Each phone had it's own draw, but none of them covered all the bases. Phones began to get smaller instead of expanding their roles as Digital Asistants.Until now.Samsung has changed the game with this segment-defining piece of mastery. The skills that they have amassed since their entry into the Android sphere have culminated to a device that is part computer, part cellphone and part everything else in between.THIS IS TRULY ONE PHONE THAT CAN REPLACE MANY (IF NOT ALL) OF YOUR DEVICES.I'm not going to get into all the fantastic specs and numbers that this phone currently holds title to, because in the world of smartphones, this will only last a short while. What I want to show you is why you should seriously consider this phone as your device for the next 2+ years.The specs themselves are enough to persuade many to purchase this phone (including myself), but it is the things that don't hit the spec sheet that will make you happy after the inital buzz wears off. Things like the S Pen (Samsung's Stylus that is based on award winning Wacom technology) and Samsung's dedication to cater to everyone make this the perfect companion. Multi-screen, just one of Samsung's many developments, allows you to run two apps at the same time, sharing half of the screen each. You can also dynamically change the amount of screen that each app occupies. Want to shoot off an email while finishing up that YouTube video? Do it at the same time. This is just one example of the Note II's appeal.SIZE MATTERS:My previous phone to the Galaxy Note II was the T-Mobile MyTouch 4G Slide. A QWERTY device with 3.6" screen. And although the screen on the Note II is nearly 2 inches greater, the flatness of the Note II makes it fit in my pocket more comfortably. The weight is just about perfect with a nice 50/50 balance between all sides. Holding the phone for the first time felt a bit strange as my hand got used to being more open. Within a week, the Note II felt perfectly natural. In fact, I feel quite "weird" grabbing an iPhone or my old MT4GS and having to hold it closer to see. I notice that the Note II's viewing position is much more natural for my arm and eyes. Samsung even included toggles to change the font sizes to match your needs, as well as a "one-handed" mode in some apps so you don't have to reach across the full screen with your thumb. All other phones look small to me now. The Note II has literally changed me.The screen real estate comes in REAL handy when using SplashTop to remote into my Windows 8 machine. The S Pen doubles as a mouse, if you don't feel like attaching a regular mouse using a USB OTG (On-The-Go)adapter. (That's right: the Note II can use standard peripherals like wired/wireless keyboards and mice). During the my 2 week vacation, I was able to remote into my work computer and stay productive using a wireless mouse and a bluetooth keyboard (Logitech). I'm not even going to get into all the things you can draw and create with S Note and S Pen, you should play with that yourself at a store if possible.Another place that the increased screen size has come in handy is while watching movies and videos. All eyes will hit your Note II when it comes time to share videos with a few people. No need to break out a tablet or computer, everyone will have a good view. And if you want a bigger screen, one button will send your screen images in the gallery to DLNA capable devices (like my Sony Bravia LED TV) to be put on screen.Some people will want to hold out on getting this device since it does not have a full 1080p screen like some that are soon to launch including the Droid DNA. To me, the 720p screen of the Note II does a fantastic job. I cannot discern the difference between pixels, even when holding the phone painfully close to my face. That said, the Note II is able to manipulate the 720 lines of resolution with aplomb, making it an excellent Netflix watching experience. I'm not sure if the extra pixels will make much of a difference.CANNOT HOLD IT DOWNThis phone just cannot be held down. I have seen YouTube videos of torture test that show how much this device can handle. There will be no point at which you will outpace the phone unless you are deliberately trying to bog it down. And with all this strength, you would expect the Note II to have a battery that can hold up to the demands of such a powerful device. And Samsung delivered the goods, mating the Note II with an enormous 3100mAh 3.8V battery (11.78Wh if you're counting). This easily lasts me all day, and I like playing with my phone. The battery is removable if you have any concerns with spares easily available. I have a spare battery and only found it necessary during a plane trip in which it became my movie player.FUTURE PROOFWith technologies like NFC, DLNA, MHL (11-pin), USB OTG, LTE, Bluetooth 4.0, and WiFi 802.11 b/g/n the Note II is FULLY future proof. You certainly won't be "left out in the cold" when some companion device comes along and requires one of these technologies to in order to have full funtionality. (i.e. FitBit's BT 4.0 requirement or NFC for contact less payments and sharing).EXCLUSIVESamsung has worked hard to create services and features that other manufacturers do not dare to dream. The social and sharing capabilities of the Galaxy line will make them a coveted group. The Smart Dock (look it up) is just another example of how Samsung is shaping the what we can do with our devices. Being the Flagship device, you cannot go wrong with the Galaxy Note II. And if you don't like the color choices right now, more options will be out soon as Samsung has realized that they have a winner in the Note II.

I finally decided to pull the trigger and get a smartphone. I was with verizon but somebody hacked my account so I decided to make a change. I researched all the carriers and chose sprint family everything plan. I waited until the monday before thanksgiving and I'm glad I did. I bought 3 phones, the galaxy note 2 for 199.00, the galaxy 3 for my wife 29.00 and a flip phone for my mother in law. All 3 phones I got for 229.00. Also if you go with sprint and you have AAA they will waive all the.activation fees and give you 10 percent off your monthly bill. Now for the note 2. I'm 6'3 with large hands so the size of phone is good for me. I drive a concrete truck so I wanted a phone I could see netflix easily on. I have an ikoss dash holder for it which works well. This phone is awsome. Its fast, responsive, whether you're using the s pen, apps, camera,  whatever, everything I've done with this phone works really well. I paired a motorolla hx550 bluetooth with it and the 300 foot range of the earpiece allows me to leave this phone in the cab and still talk clearly while working at the back of the truck. It fits in my pocket but I carry it in a magnetic pouch on my belt which I also got on amazon for 3.00. 5.00 with shipping. For me I know I hit a homerun picking this phone. Calls are clear and easy to type on. Theres so much more. Anybody who has this phone knows what I'm talking about.

Best phone I've purchased to date. Has all the features I wanted and still more left to discover. I'm sold on Samsung.

Love the note 2, big screen light weight. Bought one for my husband who was in love with the iPhone . After a few days with the note 2 he is over iPhone.

This is an awesome phone. the Phone plus Jelly bean OS make this the best phone ever. I'm on youtube learning all the features.

Very good device, great battery life, solid reliable performer- I fully recommend as long as you are ok with the size. So much cheaper from Amazon than cell service provider. Hope to get 4.3 very soon to make this even better. GPS and You Tube looks great on this large screen.

This phone is great and also big enough to play with as a tablet. Phone is very big compared to other phones but must be expected if interested in the note 2.

Its screen is three times the size of the iPhone (will still fit in a pocket) but weighs about the same.  It also has the best camera I've ever had on a phone and makes a great e-reader.If you have 4G service, you will never look back.ETA:  I forgot to mention battery life.  It is also a "best-ever".

This phone is everything I wanted and more! The phone is obviously bigger than the standard android phone but it only took less than a day of holding it for it to fit comfortably. I am also very comfortable with the phone in my pocket. It fits all of the pockets easily. With my eyesight not being as good as it use to be, the screen is big enough for me to see. And watching movies and youtube on this phone is extremely nice. I don't feel like I have to squint to watch whatever is on the screen. My girlfriend loves when I send her more personalized messages from when I use the stylus. One of the biggest selling points for me is the battery. This thing comes with a huge battery so the battery life is very good. My previous phone's battery would get me maybe half a day before I have to charge it. This phone gets me through the whole day and then some. I am very glad that I had decided to purchase this phone!

This phone amazes me every day. It is not only fun to use and explore, but seriously one of the most interesting gadgets I've ever used. I bought the iphone 5 first, which I was super excited about at the time. After 2 weeks of glitches, dropped calls, microphone malfunctions, and boring interface I decided to try out the galaxy. WOW. A world of difference. The iphone seems like a dinosaur next to this phone/mini computer. I love my galaxy note II, and having the iphone first makes me appreciate this phone that much more. There are so many cool features, like handwriting texts with the s-pen, burst shot photography, you can make cool and intricate artwork with using the pen and appropriate applications, the list goes on and I'm still learning. This is the best phone I've ever had by far. It has excellent call quality, I have yet to have a dropped call, and unlike the iphone 5 everyone can actually hear me! The screen displays vivid colors and is the perfect size for viewing videos and photos but not too large that it's a nuisance. I highly recommend this phone.

So far I am in love with this phone. It does so much and is so user friendly that my grandmother could probably use it. It has been entirely worth even penny.

The only thing we were looking for was a phone that would last all day, this is it. We came from the HTC EVO which was a nice phone other than battery life required you carry an extra battery. It is fast, plenty of room for apps without adding a SD card.Most the bad reviews have to do with Sprint so check carefully if they have good service in your area. The phone won't turn so-so service into anything but so-so service. We have traveled from Florida to Maine several time and have always had service be it 2G or 4G.As for the phone it's large, makes an iPhone look like a toy when compared side by side. Compared to the iPhone it's heavy but not that much. The camera is outstanding if you use it a lot. Listening to Pandora is fine as is watching videos. Playback is better than the HTC or the iPhone but for those area's of so-so connection download the video and then play it back.This is more phone than most will need but it's nice to have anyway. I'd say 4 and a half stars as nothing is perfect.

I HAVE COMPARED SPRINT AGAINST... ATT... VERIZON...T MOBILE...HONESTLY ATT SHOULD BE IN JAIL.. FOR BEING SO EXPENSIVE ITS ALEGAL ROBBERY AND THEY ARE NOT ASHAME TO COME ON TV. AND TALK ABOUT PRICES... DAMN.!!!!!!!!!! ITS TRUE THEY GOT D BEST ANTENNA TOWERS. BUT ONLY IF U NEED THEM.. U WORK IN THE OIL FIELDS OR URE A TRUCK DRIVER OTHER WISE U ARE ONE DUM SON OF A...FOR HAVING THEM AS PRIVIDERS......... THEY THINK THEY ARE STILL IN THE 80S... VERIZON EXPENSIVE ALSO.. T MOBILE HALF OF EXPENSIVE AS ATT... BUT NOT NEARLY AS CLOSE AS GOOD AS SPRINT....CRICKET GOOD PRICE BUT ITS A CHEAP COMPANY WITH CHEAP SERVICE.. NOT WORTH IT..

wonderful deal...

Great phone, I bought this because of the large screen since I will deny the need for glasses. The print is larger than previously owned phones, and it works well with Exchange server. I enjoy the phone, and wish I could comment on more of its features, but I only use a few, surf the web, and yes I actually use it to make phone calls!! One thing that I love about this phone is the extra long battery life. I would say I am a moderate to light user of the phone, and I have had the battery last from sun up to sun down with no issues.

I really like my Note2, love the large screen. The phone does everything; I&#8217;m not use to Android system and only had the phone for 1 month. I used Windows phones for several years so I have not yet learn how to use all the features. There is a ton of YouTube videos showing you had to use all the features. Love the Note 2.

Battery life is awesome imo. When I am not using it for work, I can almost go a whole day without charging it. Also note, I rarely play games on it.

I've recommended this phone to everybody. I should get commissions. It's a fantastic phone for anyone spending time online, watching movies or listening to music. The large screen eliminates the need for reading glasses. The sound quality is wonderful too. The only issue is the location of the volume button. Very annoying. I've had the phone a month and still can't hold the phone without adjusting the volume.

I placed my Amazon order for the Titanium Gray Galaxy Note 2 on Black Friday for $199.  It was a sweet deal because everywhere else, including Sprint, was selling it for $299, and no one would match the special pricing.  Initially it was on backorder with a ship date of Jan 6th, but ended up shipping a month early.  So I received the phone on Dec 6th and been having fun with it ever since.  Its a huge upgrade from my previous phone, so there's a bit of a learning curve.  But its been almost 2 weeks, and I'm loving it!  Just today a buddy of mine asked about my phone because after seeing it in action, he wants to get one for himself.  I showed him the phone on Amazon and noticed the phone is now $99.  Upon calling customer service about their low price guarantee, they issued a refund for the difference.  Sweet deal Amazon!!As for the phone itself, its a real joy to work with.  The screen is gorgeous and the display is really responsive.  No lag whatsoever.  Samsung has really stepped up the quality of their devices.  One of the most repeated arguments against this phone is the size.  But it is a niche device, and the people who buy this phone want it because of the size of the display.  The S-Pen is very precise and the included apps allow you to create as if you were using an actual pen and pad, but without all the crumbled up pieces of paper.  My one and only qualm about this phone is the Smart Stay/Rotation feature, where if its activated the device is supposed to keep the screen orientation on portrait as long as you're looking at the screen.  Should work when you lie down and turn the phone sideways.  It doesn't seem to work all the time, but I suppose that is because it may have trouble detecting some peoples' eyes/face.  Other than that, everything works as advertised.  I did lots of research on the GN2 and other high end smart phones before buying.  This phone was the best fit for me, and I'm very happy with my new purchase.

I'm going to try to keep this short - this phone is amazing. I'm a real estate agent and I've never been able to keep up with emails and voice messages like I have with this device. The size of the screen makes it incredibly easy to use. With a few apps, I'm able to create professional quality PDFs on my phone (using the camera), have clients sign contracts and documents with the S-pen, read my voice messages; take notes on the s-notes apps using the s-pen, sync my work documents to my phone via drop box, edit Excel and Word documents; track time with my clients with the click of one button (for billing), give voice commands for calling while I'm driving, etc. etc. etc.I love the dual antenna because I have the wireless hotspot on my plan, and it allows my to use the internet on my laptop AND talk on the phone at the same time.As far as the size of the phone - I'm 6'2", so this thing fits perfectly in my hand and I carry it in my pocket like any other phone I've owned. I usually put it in the seat next to me when I drive because it's just too big to get out of my pocket if someone calls, though. I assume a blue tooth headset would help.My only complaint is that the volume is not that great while I'm on the phone (again, probably solved with a blue tooth ear piece). It's not terrible, but it's not great either. The speaker-phone option is actually good, but I rarely use it. This small annoyance is so far outweighed by the benefits, its not even funny.The battery life is great. It gets me all the way through the day without having to plug in and that's with very heavy usage - I've been an Android user for years and I've never had a phone that will do that. (Leaving the hot spot on for a while will drain it fast, though!).The s-pen makes Swype texting 10 times more accurate and so much faster.I can now send and receive group chats from iPhone users (none of my other android phones could).I couldn't recommend this phone more highly. I've had it for about two weeks and it's literally changed the way I'm doing business. And yes, that is the short version of my raving review ;)

I love the screen, its perfect for movies. Oh the battery life is great since i got this phone the battery never died on me, keep in mind  you have to know what apps are or your phone. i wish it came with a stand.

I am in the advertising production business. This is the BEST phone for creatives!!! Once it came out of the market, everyone that I work with in the field ALL got theirs around the same time.It allows you to take screen shot of the video and make comments on it with your S pen, then send it out as pdf file. All that can be done in few mins while you are on it, even faster and easier than working on a mac!Another thing I love about it is the super strong battery life. Mine goes on days without charging and I am the type of person have to check my phone every 5 mins.When I first got the phone, I was like "Holycow, its HUGE!" Honestly, I got used to it in 5 minutes. Now I can't stand looking at my husband's blackberry any more.I highly recommend getting a phone case with card holder. Its all you need on a quick run such as dropping off the kids to school.

the display is great,love the battery life,lasts quite a bit.Like the stylus pen feature on it. It is not oversized fits in your hand nicely.

I have this phone in white and absolutely love it. I purchased the titanium one for my boyfriend but he didn't care for it because he's so use to the speed of the EVO 4G. I would definitely recommend it myself.

Love the note 2. Its may 2014 and even though this device has been out for a while, its still a favorite. Not as big as that monster 6&#34; screen like the note 3 or galaxy mega. So its still functional in the hand of a normal person. I don't have big hands at all. I'm 5'8 150 lbs. So 1 handed operation is a little rough but worth the sacrifice. On the bottom side, it does lag a little waking up. And battery life takes a hit because of Knox and all the sprintware and Samsung crapps. But does go a full day under moderate use.

First I'll say that this is my first smart phone, but I'm comfortable with the learning curve on new technology, so I didn't have any trouble learning the basics.  This was also a change of service vendor for me, so some things are different depending on which company's setup you have.  Probably the &#34;basic&#34; feature that threw me off the most was realizing that voice mail was an app, rather than having to call a phone number to retrieve messages.  I love the size of the phone, which is a hot topic in the reviews.  Evidently you either love the size or you don't care for it; I love it.  There are so many great reviews from people who can compare this to other smart phone models, so I'll just end by saying that if you want a bigger screen and (back in the day) could program your VCR, you will love this phone.  Plus, you can always ask a 10 year old to help you.  Enjoy!

This is absolutely the best phone I've use so far and like most we usually say that about all of our new phones but this time I mean it. Unlike most, the big size of the phone is what drew me to it...it was calling my name. It felt natural and comfortable as though they made this phone for me and it felt that way the minute I took hold of it. I can even use it one handed and I don't consider my hands the biggest. I really don't know what other are complaining about the size being too big and yes it fits in my pockets with ease. I put my EVO LTE face to face with this phone and its only about 1/4" wider and 1" taller. I got this phone because I got tired of having too many devices, so I sold my Nexus 7 and EVO LTE so that I could reduce the number of device and only carry one. This device is all I will ever need until the Note 3 and from now on this ex HTC and EVO fan will be buying Samsung Galaxy Notes. This device does the things of many without having to carry many. I really truly love this big beautiful device. So many features packed in one device with excellent battery life. It may not be for everyone but it is definitely for me.

This thing is great. No problems, no lag, super fast, I can go on and on. One of the reasons I chose this phone besides the quad core and size was nobody I knew had one but now everybody that has seen and played with mine is getting one or wants to get one if they can afford it. I suppose if I had to choose a negative it would probably be the price. I have seen places still asking anywhere from $500-$700 to purchase the phone w/o upgrade or anything.All I can say to whoever is planning on getting one shop around and maybe even wait a month there will be a good deal for it somewhere. This place seems to always beat everyones prices.  Hope that helps.

This is a great phone. I'm still trying to learn everything this thing will do. Essentially I think if you can conceive of it, this phone will do it. The apps are great. The speed is fast. The sound clear. The screen clear. It is all good.

Awesome really good phone lots of great features. My wife loves it.  But it don't fit in her pockets haha.

I just love the big screen, great picture quality and fast processing speed. It fits into the pockets of my dress shirts and slacks well.

Everything I hoped for, at what was an incredible bargain at the time. I have big hands, so it's ideal.

Great phone.  Love the features.  Tablet and phone in one. Samsung rules!  The phone meets all expectations and beyond.  Amazing!!

I rated this phone very high because I love it!! I can do everything on this phone that I can do on my laptop. The camera is amazing which is a must since I am a mom of 3 small children. Every app is easily accessible, the phone is self explanatory and so easy to turn on and just start using. I would recommend a case (to protect it) and an ear piece to talk on (because the phone is very large and a little uncomfortable to use just to talk). I really like the Samsung line and this phone is everything I wanted.

I got a awsome deal on this phone through amazon! The sprint store and everywhere else wanted $200 or more. The phone came quickly and it works great! I love this phone. I have big hands and its a great fit. Cant go wrong ordering from amazon.

Easy to use, big enough screen to get my fingers on and great when texting and I am the worlds worst texter. Programs are easy to use and easy to set up. I have owned lots of phones including the iphone and I wouldn't trade this one for any of them. You'll love.

I keep getting alot of 3G and not much 4G except when I took it out of the box and powered it up.It is big but that was what I wanted.It is a tablet and a phone.I got it at a great price through Amazon.com.No problem so far.  I love the phone.
