
I love this phone. Upgrading to the galazy note 3 soon! Never had any trouble out of this phone.AWESOME and lovin' it

Give this phones size a day or do to set in and you're hooked. You won't want to get a smaller phone than this. I use my friends gs3 or an iPhone 5 and can't stand the size of the screen. I will never go back to a smaller device. The hardware in it is top of the line. So far best processor out. Best screen, nothing tops samsungs SAMOLED screens. With the ability to change color levels in the settings you won't find a better display. The only negatives would be the back cover not being the best but I bought a flip cover and it feels 10x better.

This was a great purchase.  I have not had any problems with the phone.  Still learning about all the neat things it does.

love this phone way better than my htc evo wouldn't trade it for any other phone its relatively great i would recommend this phone to anyone thats considering purchasing a new device.

purchase the note 2 for me and my wife we love the phones is an excellent phone is like a tablet and phone Samsung really outdid themselves.

Is the best phone that I had and, yes I've had several iphone models... The Android system jelly bean works smooth, the fact that I can transfer files in and out the phone so easily is great also the screen resolution is outstanding

If I could give 10 starts out of 5 I would. I like everything about this phone. Even though it's not a unibody case the quality of the product is still great and I can easily change the battery in the future if needed. Talking about Battery... no need to worry about running out juice before the end of the day anymore.The phone is gorgeous and the screen is awesome. It took some getting used to it when I first started using it but now I'm already used to the size and because the phone is very thin, it's actually less noticeable then my older phone.The OS is Jelly Bean and it's awesome, super realiable and fast, not a single freeze or errors so far, I also liked this version of touchwiz very much from Samsung, I really liked the user experience here, everything is easy to do and there are so many tweaks and options for you to play with to make the phone work the way you want it. The stylus I'm still playing with it, I'm no artist but I like the option to use if I want it. I'm sure some apps will make great use of it.The phone also comes with a very good headset with mic, volumes control and also an extra button to pause/skip music. I missed this feature on my old phone.Talking camera, picture quality in low light had quiet a lot of noise, more than what I expected. I think the iPhone still wins in this department, but it's still a good camera.I really liked how Samsung took especial care to detail in this phone, I mean even the notification light is pretty, i'ts not too solid it's more like a foggy light and I also liked the ringtones, alarms and touch sounds Samsung used, all really pretty to hear.This phone is awesome, I don't know how else to put it.

The samsung galaxy note 2 is a beast of a phone. I have small hands, so to hold this thing is like holding a small tablet. It's able to do things I never thought possible with a phone before. It's pretty amazing.

When I ordered this phone I was anxious about the size. I should not have been. Unless you have tiny hands, this is a great phone. The OS is a significant improvement over the older Android OS on my HTC EVO 4G. The screen is a stunningly beautiful.Quite literally, Amazon wireless got me a killer deal on the phone. I'm not sure how they could save me so much money on the upgrade but I'm not looking a gift horse in the mouth...just saying thanks!

Best phone I've ever had, big screen, thin fast operation, fast boot time around 22 seconds some people say its to big, hey I say get a bigger pocket!

She loves it especially for the stylus and size. Likes larger screen for her games. She was so excited. Thanks Amazon.

This phone is just ridiculously amazing.  It's better than my Galaxy SII & iphone4s/5 in every aspect imaginable.Usability. Camera/pictures/videos/typing/looks/stability.

I've only had the phone for one day but so far I'm really enjoying it there's still a lot of things I don't understand but I'm having fun learning

An awesome phone!  Great picture, great size, great apps, very long battery life.  Sound quality is just okay though.  Did I mention I love the phone?

Love this phone. Its awesome.Will recommend this phone to everyone.Yes it is a big phone,but you can do anything on it

This phone was advertise as new but when i recieved it their were pictures of a family, Im guessing the prior owner's family pictures. Ive tried everything to delete these pictures but to no avail. Ive even tried setting back to factory reset but the pictures are still there&#62; Tried to delete the pictures through my computer but can not locate the pictures. The pictures are the least of my problems, i didnt know that sprint charges and extra 10/month for &#34;premium data&#34; which is required for a smart phone. So thats an extra 10 dollars a month  on top of my 69.99/ for my 450 minutes and &#34;&#34;&#34;unlimited data&#34;&#34;&#34;. Why would i pay and extra 10 a month when i should have unlimited data with my plan anyways. The sprint rep said that is a charge required for smart phones which is pretty much most phones now adays. The signal at my house is bad but this has nothing to do with amazon. I just wish they wouldve told me that the phone was refurbish or used instead of listing it as new...................

I love this phone. I would recommend this to anyone.  It's a little bigger than most of the cell phones, but that's why I wanted it. Takes great Photos, and the pictures are really clear.

This is the BEST phone I have ever had!! Love, Love, Love it. The size is Great and the reason I chose it over the other phones.

I was going to wait for galaxy note 3, but price was too good & it does everything I hoped for & more. Display is great, ease of use, replaces my computer - can do all searches & ordering; music sound good too. How about the pen!

The size of the phone will not be and issue after three day. I will soon be one of the best addtions to your day to day activities.

Love, love, love this phone!  Super easy to order through Amazon for my Sprint account. I highly recommend to anybody looking to upgrade or change their phone!

I always try to stay current and on top of the latest technology even if it overwhelms me on the learning curve.  The Note II qualifies on that score but with all the excellent video reviews one can find on the net as to the Note II's various capabilities and functions, the task of getting up to speed is less daunting and make no mistake, the video reviews are far more helpful than trying to read your way through the tutorials.  I've had the Note II for a little over a week at this writing and am still learning the various nuances but must say I'm far from mastering the phone.  So far, it's been all I had hoped for or expected and then some!I've had a long history with Galaxy devices in the past which definitely helps in already knowing the basic commands and navigation tools.  The S Pen is obviously the game changer with the Note II and by understanding its capabilities is what sets the Note II apart from all other comparable devices including the iphone.  Being able to take a note on a thought while talking on the phone is nice as is the ability to go back to review it later or even incorporate the note into other functions, ditto the screen captures and noting and cutting out snippets of various web sites then sending that info onto someone via email is cutting edge, at least for me.I haven't gotten into the picture or video noting as yet but will go boldly forward once I'm on solid ground with the basic Note II functions.  Depending on your time and investment of same in learning the device, I would caution to go slowly because there is so much the Note II can do and be in your life so it makes little sense to go at warp speed in attempting to wrestle it to the mat and declare yourself the champion of all that is Note II in a day or two.  Maybe you can do it but that's not me.Summing up, you'll be astounded and thrilled with the Note II!  I am.

The incoming calls sound really bad at times I guess do to the 4G towers in my area but the phone is great best phone I ever had

I came from the htc evo and I can't say enough about how much I love the note 2. The battery life is phenomenal and I am a heavy user: watching videos, reading email, surfing the net, playing games, streaming from my pc and watching more movies for hours on end. It's one beast of a phone.I have only run across one issue with this phone. After two days my wifi wouldn't stay connected no matter what I did. In the end I ended up doing a factory reset and haven't seen the issue again.

I absolutely love my new phone.  I have had it for going on three weeks now and upgraded from the Evo 4G (original).  It has a super fast 4-core processor, 2GB of Ram, 10GB storage(even though it says 16GB), 50GB of online storage from DropBox.  It is huge, but I love it.  Easy to read and listen to music with.  I read a ton of emails, articles, and RSS feeds, and it is perfect.  I beleive that you should have a bluetooth or wired headset to use the phone, but I don't mind it.  Also, I have not found something to protect it with...I would love to know what other's are using to protect it.  My kids love it too!!!  They have plenty of screen room, so playing games is great, as well as reading books and using Kid Mode.  Thank you!!!

I love my new phone. It does everything I want and more. My only issue is with my service provider. My data signal is crap and I really cant uae the phone to its full capacity. However the phone is awesome.

Sprint aside, this phone is great.  Plenty of space, it's fast (maybe not as fast as the S4, but who cares), decent camera (could be better at low light and have better resolution), battery life is pretty good, tons of options and the stylus helps whenever you are having difficulty being precise.

excellent machinelight weightvery prestigiouslarge screen easy to readgreat assortment of optionsvery smart phoneexcellent performanceand the price is almost next to nothing.very very happy with it.

I've owned several smartphones in the past including the HTC Evo and the Galaxy S 2. When this came out, I had to get it cause it was the newest best phone out there. I bought it and have now owned it over a year. I can say this is the best phone I have ever had. At first it seemed huge, but over time, I got used to the size and now it seems like a regular size to me unless I put it down next to other smaller phones because then I can see the huge difference. The phone is very fast and responsive. Touch screen is great, no lag. The features on this phone are incredible. There are so many things to explore and I still am finding new features I never knew about a year later. I love being able to watch youtube and Netflix with no wait for videos to load. My kids love playing games because the phone is not slow at all and they can enjoy it. It is also great to have a lot of space on the phone. I've barely used any space even though I have over a hundred apps that I downloaded from the android market. The only thing I do not use often is the s Pen. Its nice to have to jot down a quick note or phone number if needed while i'm on the phone or don't have much time, and its easy to take a screen shot with the pen, but other than that, I barely use it. Still a nice to have it. I think I will hold on to this phone for a while.

I love this phone, and it was cheapest on amazon. Sprint was trying to sell it to me for $400, no thanks! The S Note app (the app you use to draw/take notes) is a little memory-heavy for my tastes, but if I have everything else closed, it seems to work fine. The tracking on like 10 pixels on the left side is totally off, but it's not often that I draw on the edge of the screen, anyway. I use it to do figure drawing when I'm out and about so I don't have to drag my sketchbook with me everywhere. The S Note app can make &#34;books&#34; of your sketches, which is great for organization.

On the main search screen the price is listed as 49.95, but after selecting item and going to the information screen the price is listed as 699. This needs to be corrected.

What more can be said about this product that hasn't been said already?? Awesome graphics, power galore, and a screen that just Killz!! Bought it for the misses, and she is just thrilled.... Only drawback is, it is HUUUUGE! But, that being said, it is outweighed by the sheer endless possibilities that the NoteII has to offer. Picked it up for $99 on Amazon too!!! Can't beat that.... If you don't mind the size a little, and can come to terms of not being able to put it in your shirt or pant pocket, go for it folks. Trust me, you will not be disappointed with Samsungs Note II..... It really is just an amazing device......

I had an Iphone 4S and thought it was great.  I enjoyed using it and wanted to move onto an Iphone 5.  However, after discovering the Note 2, I changed my mind.  I have the Note 2 for about a week now and I can honestly say that this phone is 10 times better than any Iphone. This is my own opinion.  The features and endless productivity I can use with this phone is almost endless.  A lot of the reviews from many websites such as CNET and others don't give this phone the credit it deserves.  The S-pen feature along with the multi view screen, long lasting battery, and many others makes this a must buy phone.

The phone is great for professionals on the go who need to take notes, great access to email, and other essentials functions. I am so glad I chose this phone. A Con is the power button on the side, it is not in a good location.

The cell phone was more that I expected.  I'm learning how to use it but is easy.  I am very satisfied.

After many years of getting the cheapest free phone with sprint, I took the plunge and bought the Samsung galaxy note II. I love the keyboard, I use the HUGH fonts so no need for my reading glasses. The large screen is big enough to watch movies and videos. I couldn't be happier.

this phone is awesome, amazing and beautiful, battery life is outstatnding, phone is super fast and the large screen make everything much better, i do not regret getting this phone.

This phone is great!! Better than I expected. Everything from features to the body of the device is wonderful. I love it!!!

I'm actually typing my review from my Galaxy Note Ii. I like this particular phone because it has alot of nice features and it holds a charge longer than my previous phone. whenever I pull my phone out of my purse, people are like "wow that phone is huge". Most of my friends are intimidated by the size and features. I'm a tekky, so it doesn't bother me. Anyway I would definitely suggest the Galaxy Note II. Amazon sells it at the best price in town. believe me I shopped around!

This phone is great and I am extremely happy with it. I love the features it has and I highly recommend it.

I love this phone. I went from a Blackberry to an Android; major difference.  Great size for visual purposes. I'm on it all the time.

This is a great phone.  I had an iPhone 4 and when my upgrade came I decided to give the Note 2 a shot, mainly for the larger screen.  I did have problems connecting with my Mac at first though.  I am running Snow Leopard and my phone would not connect.  I installed Kies, which is Samsung's solution and tried Android File Transfer.  Neither worked.  I finally discovered that you have to completely uninstall the Samsung Kies program and then AFT worked fine for me.  I spoke to Samsung and they stated that it was not their fault but that Apple was at fault.  LOL.  Anyway, this is a great phone and I recommend it, just don't use the Samsung program with your Samsung phone.

I like this phone, the one function it does not have it the sleep/wake.  it takes great pictures. The clarity and the function to change the font is great.

I initially was going to upgrade to the S3 simply because I couldn't afford the extra $100 for the Note 2. However, my wife and I both were able to walk out of the store with Note 2's while spending only $300 in the process. She's an iphone convert and I've been on android devices for a few years. After doing my homework, I knew the new Note was the way to go. The speed is tremendous compared to the S2 skyrocket that I previously owned. The S pen features are a real treat as well. I've had the phone 3 days now and continue to unlock new and exciting features. If I had to pick a downer, it would be the color choices. I was hoping for the red like the S3 was offering, but definitely not a deal breaker. I have had no issues thus far converting from my old phone to this one...just wish I had more time to explore it. If you can afford the initial price tag or stumble on a deal like my wife and I got, then I say...GO FOR IT!

This phone meets and exceeds all my needs. I couldnt be happier. It has great battery life and great sound. This is the best phone on the market no doubt.

Compared to my HTC phone it is like night and day.  The Jellybean operating system makes quite a difference.  I can actually see the texts.

I got this phone for cheap ($50) I had read the reviews and had wanted one for months, it did not disappoint! I love this phone, it's just the right size (big, but doesn't feel TOO big) and it zips along. Just got pushed 4.3 which is a big improvement. So far it's the best phone I've ever owned!

Phone #3 in a week....bad luck? Probably not.First phone: Speaker quality during calls was awful. I would hear white noise (like a radio) when the other person speaks. Volume on low and people were inaudible and muffled.  Turn the volume up one or two clicks and the whole phone would rattle. Speaker phone was hardly loud enough on full blast and rattled, too. Sprint reps agreed.Second phone: Sound quality tolerable. That's it. Not even good, just tolerable. Still white noise when other person talks. In less than 3 hrs the touch sensor started messing up. By the next morning I could not unlock the screen anymore by touch. Possibly a software issue, but still....Third phone: Speaker phone cracks and rattles once I hit half volume. I can understand caller clearly now but I still have to tolerate that dam white noise?!?!?!Everything else seems amazing. I'm just dumbfounded that a phone company pushes a top of the line phone and forgets you need to be able to make phone calls.

I JUST GOT MINE YESTERDAY AND I'M ON IT NOW WRITING THIS REVIEW! THIS PHONE IS AMAZING, WITH TOO MANY FEATURES TO WRITE.PRO: IT REPLACED MY TABLET!CON: THE PRICE IS THE ONLY THING I CAN THINK OF (BUT I WAS LUCKY ENOUGH TO GET THE $99 PRICE).I WAS WORRIED ABOUT THE SIZE BUT, GOT OVER THAT QUICKLY. DON'T SEE WHY PEOPLE MADE SUCH A BIG DEAL ABOUT IT. AND I CAME FROM THE BB TORCH SO YEAH, I WAS USED TO THE SIZE PRETTY QUICK.

I have been a smart phone user for a long time and have been looking for a phone that unifies all the apps and things that I need for personal and business communication.  The Note II was the best choice I could have made.  The large size was a little bit of a put off at first but no other device on the market had the hardware capabilities that I was looking for.Now that I have had the phone for a few months, I don't think I could ever go back to a smaller or less powerful phone.  The Android OS makes it really easy and seamless to work between applications and browse.  Stylus pen makes emailing, taking notes, and navigating a breeze.  Battery life lasts me a whole day - even with heavy usage (phone calls, texting, Internet usage, social  media, etc.).What I am trying to say is that if you are needing a business and personal device, go for this.  I can easily see it being a little &#34;much&#34; for the person who only is checking Facebook or Instagram.  But if you need to be able to juggle lots of activities on a mobile device at once, I highly recommend this phone.

It's everything I read about in others reviews. Theres nothing I can't do with my phone.. It's the Best Phone I've every had. Thanks

I am very pleased with this phone. It does everything that I need it to do. It is easy to navigate through and functions very well

Coming from a Galaxy S3 I knew that I was basically getting a larger upgraded version of what I already had. I am not going to sit here and compare it to other manufacturers as every phone is unique and fits people in a different way. I will however talk about why this is the best phone for me. The S3 was a great device and I loved everything about it, but I always felt like I needed a slightly larger screen. 5.5" is a large screen. I will admit that when I set the two phones next to each other I was shocked at how much larger the Note 2 was. The size of this phone will deter a lot of people and that's fine. This phone is not designed for everyone. I LOVE the larger screen. I have never understood how people could text or email on smaller 4" screens. I have man hands that come with man fingers and my thumb can cover half of the keyboard on those smaller devices. Not for me. The features of this phone are beyond what most people would ever need or use, but it is nice to have them just in case. The quadcore processor is noticably faster than the dualcore that was put in the CDMA versions of the S3. Screen is equally amazing just on a larger scale. I feel like Android finally has an OS that I can feel comfortable with. I started way back with Froyo and thought they had a long way to go. Gingerbread always left me with the Linux feeling. Honeycomb was short lived on tablets and ICS was like Vista for me. More problems than it was hyped up to fix. Jelly Bean is like Win7 for me. Perfect. I love eerything about it. The look, the power, the smooth operation, and features included with it. Touchwiz has some nice tweeks as well. Coming from owning HTC for the last 4 years (excluding my recent S3) I was very use to the Sense features and grew tired of how bloated it had become. Sense seemed to take control over my device and I found myself rooting to remove it. Touchwiz is subtle and less intrusive to the user experience of the device and offers a lot of unique features. I have yet to figure out how I lived before NFC. I use this feature every single day and it makes life so simple. NFC tags with NFC Task Launcher(Free in Google Play) is a marriage that will last for me. If you are looking for a powerful, beautiful, and large device then this is for you. The size is not for everyone. If you are confortable with the size of the S3 and want a little more size(thats what she said) then you will do great with this device. Almost every retailer I have visited has a Note 2 on display for you to look at or play with. You do become use to the size very quickly to be fair and when you grab someone elses phone it will feel absolutely tiny in your hand. This review may or may not help you at all with your decision, but I hope it does.

I purchased the Samsung GN 10.1 for my birthday and fell in love with it quickly. There is almost nothing that I can't do with it, so when it was time to upgrade my phone the obvious choice was the Samsung GN2. I love this phone!!

I initially wanted to get the New EVO 4lte. When I heard of this device I did some research, because as an EVO owner for 2yrs the only direction I could see myself going was IPhone... I was definitely not a Samsung fan.After owning the product for a few weeks, I am impressed.It is FastIt is responsiveIt is also Overwhelming with so much to do with it. I admit I use the pen function very seldom.I do not like the keyboard, but that's because I am spoiled to HTC's.  I will live.You have to consider the size. I love the size, others may not like it so much.Technologically speaking it is top of the line... not top of the Android line, it is TOP OF THE LINE.We have to understand that Apple OS is proprietary and specific which enabled it to edge towards perfection sooner.  The Open Android System has finally approached that bench mark via the Galaxy Notebook2. It doesn't mean that Apple is not Top of the line also, BUT it does mean you have a choice of best devices and don't have to give up any functionality or capability and you may just possibly... be adding with this one.  (Check out Phone Dog's head to head Notebook2 vs Iphone5).Do your homework.  As of right now there are 3 reviews. This and two others.  The 1 star one flamed all samsung devices, so also do your homework in the reviews you read too.This is my first review but I had to set the record straight.If you can afford this, Get this!

This phone does everything they say it should.  The screen is big enough to  see and use with fat fingers.  It also has a stylus for those of us with fat fingers.  I can open multilple internet sites and a place to take notes.  It is a great tool for rotations.  It has plenty of memory with the mini SD card.

Awesome phone.......great features and value for a phablet...the ui is fantastic. .waiting on the next update. Really enjoying the size.

So I've had this phone for only a little over a month and already it has stopped charging. Charge won't get past 30%. Tried some suggestions from others and still nothing. Tried changing power sources, USB's everything and still nothing. I thought this would be a great phone but it's not. I do not recommend this product. Now I can't even return it since it's past the time window. What a piece of CRAP!!

this is the best phone i ever had...all phones have their flaws....but this right here is my baby..i love it...the s pen feature is cool and my kids love it...i pay bills over the phone a lot,So instead of getting a piece of paper to right down info...i just pull out my s pen and write everything down...while still on the phone..great feature...everything i have is samsung so my phone,tv,tablet all connects...you won't lose with this phone...buy it...

This phone is amazing and does everything! I love it so many great features and helps out alot with my needs for running a small business as well

Love this Note 2 ! It does so much. Will be busy for a long time to figure it all out.  Looking forward to it.

Best phone ever. Easy to learn. Phone is not that big as u think. Work n play is very well balanced

The greatest! Just need a flip case now! The fonts and size are fabulous and it's very easy to navigate

The important thing to be aware of with this phone is that it is NOT AN iPHONE COMPETITOR. It's not designed to compete with a polished, perfected-out-of-the-box experience. Which, as a former iPhone user, is exactly why I chose this product: whereas the iPhone starts off feeling perfect and eventually reveals its limitations, the Note II works out of the box but needs a lot of customization. So, to start off with the things that were a bit annoying out of the box:-Comes with a SwiftKey keyboard, which for people new to Android is a custom keyboard that predicts what you're going to type, but it's suboptimal compared to the SwiftKey programs you can get free or for a small fee through Google Play (or, I suppose, the Amazon App Store for Android). The reason for this is that the official SwiftKey, as opposed to Samsung's customized version, can actually learn from your social network posts, emails, Twitter, etc., instead of using a one-size fits all solution.-Has a somewhat clunky Samsung UI with some confusing features, like a "simple" and "complex" version that don't actually work the way they say. This can be supplanted or customized away.-Has some really good stuff that works with the S-Pen (the stylus built into the device), but it's not well documented.Finally, make sure you have a data plan that lets you use a lot of data, because this machine is a multimedia beast!

Love it - everything my S3 did and more. I refuse to be tied into a 2 year contract and pay an outrageous price for a phone. I paid 1 cent for this phone and a new contract. This is my 4th phone with Samsung I use to be only a LG but Samsung is passing  LG with me. Just an all around awesome phone.

I love this phone and sprint has been awesome in aiding me in my transition to a new carrier 24 tech support and online access to my account

For the price I couldn't ask for more and I'm loving the size of my new toy... Thank you for the great price and shipping!!!

Battery life is great and screen size is great.  The phone is like a mini tablet - I would highly recommend.

Before i talk about it, i am going to say i upgraded from an iPhone 4. So you Apple fanboys don't say i am just a hater. :DI won't go too much into talking down the iPhone since most of you looking to switch from apple to android already know what you DO NOT like about your iPhone. Here are the reasons I LOVE this phone.1.)Android is Open Source - Meaning I dont have to jailbreak or even install a &#34;custom ROM&#34; to customize my phone to my liking. Just about anything you want is probably in the Play store.2.) Easy PC connectivity - Again because Android has an open platform. I plug in my phone to the USB port and BAM i can easily access my folders and just as easily transfer ANY kind of media file onto my phone. SWEEEETNOW ... yes there are many Android phones out there, but the Note 2 rocks because the screen is HUGE and beautiful.I dont use the S pen all that much, but in the few occasions that I do, it really comes in handy.The micro sd slot is a plus, especially if you like to put movies or photos to share on your device.On the downside, Samsung takes their sweet time to push Android firmware updates out to devices.The best thing and worst thing about this phone is that it's so BIG. Haha. Its just hard to find a nice protective case for this phone without adding a whole lot of bulk or too hard on your hands. I have big hands so it isnt that big a deal for me.This phone fits perfectly fine in my pocket also. (I Dont wear skinny jeans)

I really like this phone, but it is hard to get 4g on it. I replaced this with my samsung evo, which got 4g everywhere i went. That is about the only thing, other than that it is a good phone!

I really love this phone. I couldn't afford the Note 3 so I tried the Note 2 and absolutely love it. The size is perfect for my eyes when I play games. I switched from a purple Galaxy 3. Glad that I switched. It was delivered on time and easy to activate. I'm a very happy customer.

I LOVE IT!!! HAD TO HAVE IT, AND I FINALLY BOUGHT IT, TOOK A LIL BIT TO GET HERE (IMPATIENTLY WAITING)BUT WORTH THE WAIT!!!! ITS LARGE AND IN CHARGE!!! =)

I love it ! Everything is big and easy to read. Watching Youtube is fantastic. It's really almost like a tablet.

This phone reached and exceeded my expectations. It was the best priced note 2 I could find, so I was worried it wouldn't be as good as an expensive one. It works just as well as a $600.00 phone I could have bought from Sprint. I'm very impressed. And I'm now addicted to shopping in Amazon.

I love this phone.  5.5 inch screen, great pics and videos.  Its what I call a phablet, a phone/tablet.  I can watch my netflix and hulu whenever I wish and its like a big screen in comparison to my old htc evo.  Ive only had it a few weeks and im still learning the ins and outs of the phone.  I dont think I will ever need another phine

This is a great phone. Has so much on it. Great for surfing the web and watching videos.Has everything you need in a phone.

He loves all the features. We actually tried the sharing since I have an S3 sort of cool. Takes a little longer than the advertisements show.

Love the phone.Sprint data sucks bad. Constantly stalls when trying to do any web browsing.We do not have 4g in our area.

I started out with an iPhone 4s and absolutely hated it!  I needed to go back to Android and FAST!  My boyfriend has the Galaxy S3 and i really liked it.  I did some research in to Samsung Galaxy's in general and came across the Note 2.I fell in love with it the first day i received it.  It has everything you could imagine on it.  It is really like a little tablet.  It is very big, which i was worried about at first, but now i cant see myself with a smaller phone.  the screen is awesome.  i have a young son, and it is a life savor when he needs to be occupied.  I just turn on a show and he sits and watches it.  its fast, easy to use, and all together the best phone out there right now!

This is best phone I have ever had. I love it! The screen is big but not too big for me. And the stylus is great as well. I am just not an iphone person.

upgraded from the Evo 4g LTE to this, big difference, faster, huge screen, great battery life.The only thing I can think of that people won't like about the phone is some may find it to be to big with the 5.5&#34; screen, I use my phone more for internet, text, video watching then talking so its great for me. Big screen makes things easier to read, don't have to go scrolling across to read stuff.Got to play hands on with the new galaxy 4 and htc one after getting the note, they were both great phones, wish the samsung had the HTC speakers, but I wouldn't trade the note for either of them to attached to the big screen, and I didn't think either was significantly better, maybe a little snappier they use the same quad core processor but are clocked a few tenths of a GHz faster.Finding a good case was a pain, otterbox made the phone to bulky IMO, the cheap cases were.. well cheap with little protection. Ended up with the Seidio Active and a Glass Shield to protect the screen.

This is my first smartphone.  I love the big screen size! The picture quality of the photos is excellent.  I LOVE THIS PHONE and I can't understand why anyone would settle for an iphone!

These are great phones, for those who like a larger format (great for vision impaired husband).  Lots of functionality and easier to use than his blackberry.  A great bargain, especially with Amazon pricing.

Tvwas here inside of 36 hrs, very easy to activate, and a great phone for my blind old eyes..thanks  love it

Love it perfect for the on the go person it is mini computer and cell phone in one. Take care of your business on the go.  Love it!!

I will not ever buy a phone or accessories through my Cell phone provider again. Amazon has much better deals and you can use your upgrade!!

The phone is great, plays most video and audio files, has great battery life*, NFC is nice.I have to say that the people moaning about the size must be petite or just silly, 90%+ of the people purchasing this phone do it for the screen size.The screen looks fantastic, video, even high def video, plays smoothly audio is pretty good for a phone, twice as loud as my previous phone without much breaking.The battery lasts nicely even when using the phone for video , audio, and phone provided you leave the auto screen brightness setting on. If you turn the brightness all the way up and play with the phone constantly you will push to get 7 1/2 to 8 hours out of the battery. However that being said the auto brightness setting works well to give the proper brightness as needed.The Motion setting came activated with all items selected on my phone and it took me some time to work them all out, I would be doing something and the phone would do random things, if you haven't had a phone with motion before I recommend turning them all off to start and learning them one at a time.  The quick glance feature is fantastic, and the turn over to mute/pause function works really well.I wasn't a big fan of the UI to start with but I have grown to like it, although I still prefer the HTC UI as it seemed more polished but this is just personal preference.If you haven't installed Google now I highly recommend it, I was highly surprised after randomly installing it from a pack of programs, it sends me travel information such as travel time from my current location to home, allows you to set updates for weather, sports teams, birthdays ( synced only from google+ network at this time), appointments including the option for updated travel time to appointment location, local events, and tons of other things that make the Note II a perfect phone and planning accessory.The antenna seems to be weak (or possibly more accurate) compared to the HTC EVO 4g, the note gets 1-2 bars in places where the EVO 4G would get 4 bars or better. That being said I haven't had any problems with dropping of calls or network connection.S Suggest isn't for me the suggestions seem random and I don't think I have installed 1 suggested program.I have only used the S pen twice once the day I activated and once to try to take notes in a meeting, while serviceable I don't think it will replace pen and paper for taking notes for me any time soon.I haven't used the multi window function yet as I am still playing with all the other functions and haven't taken the time.After trying the Note II the S3 and an Iphone5 I would recommend the Note II to all but the most apple obsessed user, or a petite person worried about the size. The Note II is speedy, the screen is great, and there are a ton of great functions. The S3 while a bit smaller has all the same functions with the exception of the pen functions but not as much processor power. The Iphone5 has the fixed battery and I am not a great fan of the UI.

Best phone I have ever owed. I had the replenish before ans this phone is on anoyhet level.  Love it.

I purchased this phone for my wife; an upgrade from the Galaxy S2. I already had my Note 2 so I already knew the beauty of the phone. She's been blown away with this phone. She don't have to put her glasses on every time now to check her messages. Lol

This phone is fantastic!  Quite honestly this is the first smart I've ever had but wow am I ever impressed.  It really can do almost anything.  The feature I like best is the stylus.  It makes certain tasks much easier than if I were to just use my fingers.  I get a lot of ridicule as to how big my phone is but now that I've had it awhile, it just looks like a normal phone to me while all the others look tiny.  Plus all those who've made fun of me, I'm finding out are secretly jealous and not impressed with their own choice of phone.  The only word of caution would be to the Mac owner.  As much as I like my Mac and as much as I like this phone I can't get them to communicate.  They're just not on speaking terms I guess.  There are ways around such obstacles but it would be nice if I could just hook up my phone to my computer and be done with it.  Maybe one day I'll figure it out....

This is THE most amazing phone a.k.a. phablet I have ever had the pleasure of owning. PERIOD. However, if you purchase it on the Sprint Network you will regret your decision for the next two years. Sprint, simply put, is slower and provides less coverage options than Verizon and ATT. I know this through firsthand experience as I was with them for 3 years and bought myself out of my contract to go with Verizon in December. It was worth every penny. Their customer service is apalling. If the CSR cant help you they hang up on you. I've never seen anything like it. You really do get what you pay for. Check out Verizons new shared plans. They are really affordable and they offer 4g service almost everywhere.

This was a phone i was purchasing as my first contract phone ever, i have always used pay as you go or contract free phones/plans. The immediate difference was the quality of all the services i had, internet was fast and no matter where i went i had service(this is more about the provider i went with) but after these, the smaller, less noticeable details began to show. First, the stylus(s-pen) works amazingly with this phone, every feature i used worked just as well, and some even better using this, texting, navigating web pages, and using almost any app. Next was the quality of the things it did, whenever i would run apps that on my other phone that would have a delay, it kept on going strong, pandora, emulators, and multiple tabs of internet, all of them and more ran perfectly. And the thing i like the most on the phone is the motion commands. While sometimes they are not very necessary, they are fun to do and give a variety and the things i can do with the phone. Last, is the sheer size of this phone, it is MASSIVE, and it is amazing, i have had the phone for over a month now, i got used to it in about 2 days, and now all other phones just seem tiny and i don't see a reason to ever want a phone that small again. i recommend this phone 1000%!

This phone is the real meaning of smart phone. It adjusts to your everyday life. It tells you stuff that you didnt ask for but need like traffic updates news/weather alerts amber alerts etc... the apps are great screen size is great camera is great and the white phone looks better.great price amazon! A repeat customer !!!

I travel to Califorina a few days after getting my phone for 3 weeks. Dropped calls and echoing. I live in South Bend, Indiana on the southside. Only getting one bar most of the time inside and outside.I only swicthed cell phone companies because unlitmed internet. I  also need a phone I can understand people. I use to have verzion and I miss the clear calls.I wish I did not sign a contract. Sprint told me about there great coverage. Not true!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I  I need a cell phone service that works great ever where!!!! Amazon should not sell for sprint!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

The Note II is the best phone I ever had.  I got it because my boyfriend had it and I would recommend it to everyone

Love the slide text feature and the camera is AMAZING!Don't let anyone tell you this phone is too big. I love it.

I LOVE THE BIG SCREEN! THIS IS THE BEST DEAL EVER! THIS IS THE BEST PHONE EVER THAN IPHONE! IM GOING TO LOVE THIS PHONE FOR 2 YEARS UNTIL MY CONTRACT ENDS!

This is the best phone that I have purchased.  I am still in the process of learning all of the great things that the phone is capable of performing.  I have even had people stop me on the stores to ask me how I like it.  I would definitely recommend purchasing it!

Every thing was good and easy to set up . i would tell other persons to buy this .This is better than a i-phone

After playing with the iPhone 5 and Samsung Note 2 at my local Sprint store (where they have real phones, not dummy displays) I decided on the Note 2. I have been using Android phones for the past few years, and have never had any complains with the OS. The S-Pen helped me make that decision, as did the size and speed of the phone. Before getting my hands on one, I worried about the size. I don't find it too large at all (granted, I am a big guy), and find it the perfect size for e-book reading without needing to carry a bag around everywhere I go.With moderate to heavy use, I find myself making it at least 10-16 hours with the battery still at 35% or so when I plug the charger in at night. It charges pretty quickly with the OEM charger, and the car charger I had previously for my last two phones (EVO and EVO3d) doesn't seem to have any issues charging the battery.I haven't played with the alarm settings too much, short of setting some alarms, but it seems that there isn't a way to change the default alarm sound. I'll post an update if I find one. Or if you know of a way to do that, post a comment below. Note: At the time, I'm not looking to root the phone.I was eligible for an upgrade from Sprint, and decided to buy the phone through Amazon WIreless because it was a hundred dollars cheaper there. Someone told me that it was because it comes from Sprint with a 64gb SD card (which I have also been told it does not). Even if it does, I spent less money purchasing an SD card separately.The phone is fast, responsive and I've had no buggy issues with it like I've had with previous smartphones, including the Samsung Hero and Moment, the latter making me swear off Samsung phones forever until now.One concern I had was whether or not I would like the keyboard. I do. The swipe to text function is almost as good as Swype, and the addition of numbers at the top of the keyboard makes it so much easier to use, especially when entering things like passwords.I'm loving this phone/phablet. Never been happier with a smartphone since my first Blackberry all those years ago.

On sprint you need 4g lte in san diego or you won't get 4g. This is my third 4g phone but the first that ever got 4g

I ordered this phone recently and am so happy I did! It's super fast and the size is great for reading on and watching movies. I can't wait to figure out all the bells and whistles it offers! Shipping was great as well.

Hands down the Galaxy Note 2 is the Best Phone I ever Owned.... and I have had most of the "Big Doggs" in the game. The Note2 is so user freindly for everyday life I don't know how I got by before with out it. The biggest selling point is the battery life, if you have had any android phone you know that is a challange. I get on average a Day and a half of normal use and about 16-18 hrs of hardcore(Movies, Music, Bluetooth, gaming, Wifi hotspot) use.You Need This Phone in your life!!!!!!

Not only large but very quick. Quicker on fios but a big improvement on the Sprint system. Main reason was 2GB of SYSTEM memory, so I knew it would be quick and that it is. The phone is tough to get in your pocket if your on the slim side so it becomes a hand held until the car.

All sorts of bells and whistles....very poor or no instructions as to HOW to use features.  Everything is hit and miss.Good camera with large screen combo is handicapped by need to ''poke & pray'' when taking the simplest snapshot.Fortunately there are more and more YouTube videos 'splaining the &#34;how to&#34; of this camera.

Definitely faster than my Epic with the physical keyboard. No LTE on Oahu and the 4G coverage is crappy so I can't say how that goes. Wifi connects quickly. Jelly Bean is great and easy. If you're afraid to switch to Android...it's not that hard. Our 4 year old knows how to use my iPod touch and this phone. Never used Siri so I can't compare the S Voice, but it seems helpful so far. I was able to send text messages hands free while driving. It's not perfect though. I asked it to dial one thing out of my address book, and it dialed a different person. I wish that it had asked to confirm if that was the name that I said before connecting. Oh well. I even asked it, "How much wood could a woodchuck..." and it gave the correct answer, but it couldn't give me an answer when I asked if it liked green eggs and ham.I actually use the S pen. I did my homework last week scribbling notes on a PDF.This phone works for me because I watch a lot of videos from my memory card. They load fast and smooth. I email and text more than talk so the big phone next to my face isn't a problem. It doesn't fit in ANY of my pockets. It evens hangs out of my back pockets. Women's clothing have small pockets. If you use this for business...do you really wear pants with cargo pockets to meetings? It fits easily in purse though because it's slim. Since the screen is bigger, I have it set with bigger fonts. When it comes to music, I still prefer using my iPod classic. It just seems simpler.I miss having a physical shutter button like the Epic has. Takes good enough pictures for phone quality.The biggest plus so far is the minimal amount of bloatware that Sprint has on this compared to when I got the Epic two years ago. There was a crap load Sprint and NASCAR apps that you couldn't delete. Those are all optional now in the Play Store. Still has Swype. I can't Swype some works while holding this with one hand. Thumb won't reach across.Biggest complaint is that when any version of iphone comes out, there are hundreds of cases available before the phone is even out. I'm still waiting for Otterbox to release their cases that their website keeps saying, "soon". I have butter fingers. MMMmmmm, Butterfingers.Keep in mind that the screen is bigger so anyone standing around you can easily see what you're doing. I'd like to play with this and a Samsung TV to test it out. Also interested in that docking station with the HDMI output, but not for $100.

We bought three of these at the same time and all three are functioning flawlessly.  They are big and heavy but what can you expect from a 5 1/2 inch screen and a 24+hr battery charge.

i love the Samsung Note 2, has great feature, large screen & excellent camera. The only thing i dont like is the bill, so many misc add on's, taxes, ser charges makes paying the bill a nightmare. I definiely would refer everybody, but let them know about the crazy bill.

I upgraded from the original Galaxy Epic 4G which I had for two years. The Note II is better in every way. It's larger, lighter, much faster, has more internal memory, a better camera front and back, has a stylus to hand write notes and draw maps, has NFC to beam data, Multi-tasking works well, the GREAT battery life is excellent,  navigation via bluetooth to my car is much more responsive... and it is a great phone. Clear sound, loud enough and no dropped calls.The speaker is not exceptional and nowhere near as good as in my old Sony Erickson W580i from 2007. I just plug the Note II into external speakers when I'm in the back yard. I thought the size might be a problem but after 3 or 4 days every other phone I saw looked too small. I have had the phone for months now and have nothing negative to report. Everything works well.

I have had smartphones since they practically came out. I started out with a brick of a Blackberry and boy have things changed! I was hesitant about purchasing the Samsung Galaxy Note 2 because of the hefty $299 price tag but I thought to heck with it and gave it a shot! Let me tell you...its worth every penny!SCREEN: This screen is the best I have seen on a phone. Its crisp, clear and so easy to see even in direct sunlight! Netflix, Hulu+ and GoogleTV work flawlessly and look amazing! The colors are so bright and vivid! I get compliments all the time on this aspect! I absolutely adore the HDsuperAMOLED screen!SIZE: Yes, the size is a little scary at first (5.5 inch screen!), but me being a woman, I wasn't concerned about placement (purses, ladies). I have heard a lot of people say "It won't fit in your pocket"...but the phone is so slim, its easy to place! They also make real nifty case/wallets for this thing!BATTERY: This battery is straight up PHENOMENAL! I only charge it at night when I go to bed (unlike my other smartphones in the past that lived on life support 24/7) and at that, I really could even go a couple days without charging. With super heavy use like Netflix, texting, taking pictures, talking on the phone a couple hours...my battery will start at 100% around 8am and be around 74% by 6pm. That is amazing in my book. That alone is the worth the price!INTERACTION: This phone comes with the hyped up S-Pen. I didn't really think I would use it a whole lot but wow was I wrong! It really is a lot of fun! You can use it to hover over your screen and see whats in certain folders (images, music, etc.). It also works as a scissors, which is nifty! You press the button and hold it and you can cut and crop anything on the screen! Its fun to quickly jot down notes in a pinch! You can send hand-written images to anyone! I love this little gadget!Overall, this phone is the best phone I have ever used. In my honest opinion, it is much better than the iPhone! Sorry Apple! This phone is just so customizable! The options are limitless! The screen is AHHH-mazing and you just cannot beat this powerhouse's battery life! Thanks Samsung! You definitely made a quality product that I am just pleased to own! Keep them coming!

I Love it very much and would not trade it for no other phone that is out right now point BLANK

I am blown away by the awesomeness of this device!  It is fast, sleek, and gorgeous.  The size is it's best feature, not something to fear.  I couldn't be happier and I cannot imagine any way to improve on it!  Yippeeeeeee!!!

Actually the future is a smaller device that "unfolds" into a tablet size..and Samsung is already working on the type of screen to facilitate this.  Until that arrives, this is the best mobile device in my opinion out there.  I had a rooted EVO 4G and never felt the need for a tablet because it did everything I needed...aside from really working, for which I used my desktop.  I was thinking of the EVO 4G LTE because I had grown to like HTC and liked the increased size and the beauty of the device.  Still as a photographer, I wanted a mobile device with an excellent camera, not that the EVO LTE was not,(my daughter has it and my other daughter with her IPhone 4S, a very good camera, envies hers)  did not want Samsung because of radio problems.Then came the NOTE II and I kept hearing about the power and capabilities.  I felt this was the device that would put a tablet in my hands at the same time.At first I was put off by the size, almost so huge as to be ridiculous.  I never thought I would have such a huge device.  That was for about ONE day.  After that, it quickly grew on me, and I was hooked.Call quality - excellent...no complaints...works smoothly with my jawbone bluetooth...just paired up and connected...smooth.Jelly Bean - Heaven...this thing is what Android was supposed to be...we have arrived finally...Apple no longer holds the advantage for having a seamlessly smooth no lagging OS...JB matches or surpasses it with intuitiveness, speed, beauty, flexibility and potential.Features:  so much that I haven't even used them all yet.Speed:  no splutter..no lag...just goes from one screen or command to another like butter.Size:  I LOVE IT!!!...I cannot go back to a smaller device.Camera:  almost perfect...I would like to be able to adjust shutter speed and aperture...may be possible...have to see if there is an app available for that..other than that the photos are better than I have ever seen from a phone and rivals PS cameras out there.  The HDR will make you scream in delight.  So I am happy that the phone has the camera quality that I really needed.I bought the adapter connection to stream to my TV HDMI..I bought another connection to connect directly to my DSLR...will come back with those results later.It is not for everyone but if you want one device to do everything...browse internet, connect to many other devices, read magazines, read books, look at movies, edit photos!!(with a pen)...etc, etc....this is it.note: I bought a case for it and while it looks good, it goes not fit in my pocket like before...before you could not know it was there because it was so thin.....this is how it overcomes its size...by its thinness..LOVE IT...

Originally purchased the Samsung Galaxy Note II with AT&T.; Switched from ATT due to their inflexibility to offer a truly unlimited data plan for families. That's another story.Moved to Sprint and purchased a marble white Samsung Galaxy Note II.I am experiencing the same superb degree of excellence with this device as I did with ATT.The Note II is a beautiful phone. Physical construction of very good and form factor is perfect for my needs.If you think your pockets are too small for this phone, then you need to re-think your clothing situation. Re-purchase clothing which is adequate for this device. It is that good.Quad 1.6 processor power is notable. Very fast machine. Phone quality (voice) is excellent. It very simply, works. Every function of the phone, that is.Bluetooth communicates with my Prius's Bluetooth effortlessly. WiFi works perfectly. The Android 4.1.1 operating system (a.k.a., Jelly Bean; whatever) works fantastically. The Google-system does everything it should do without a hassle. The Google voice search is better and faster than my family's five (5) iPhone 4Ss (yes, we have 6 phones on our Sprint account; an exception to their 5-on-1 plan policy; another story), and the Google voice search system works great; but I rarely use it.My primary reason for purchasing this phone is its size and fantastic performance. Both are very impressive. Together, it's a masterpiece.Viewing data on a 5.5" screen of this quality is a pleasure. I generally use the large screen to check aviation weather. There, looking at either textual, radar, satellite, or other planning weather systems is made easy by the strong processing capabilities of this phone, and its excellent display. Just beautiful.Battery life? So far, I'm experiencing a full-day (i.e., 12-hours on this large 3100miliamp battery. There may even be a lager battery (which would be even better), but bone-stock from the Samsung factory, the battery is amazing.Speaker phone is excellent. Viewing movies, amazingly beautiful.Every function of the device is solid.Touch screen works perfectly, looks fantastic.Charging systaem works as-advertised (mini USB).This is simply the best phone device I have ever seen. Simply fantastic.If you can tolerate a large device (and there are some considerations), then I highly recommend this superbly designed and built Samsung Galaxy Note II device.Top of the Line is right.It's large. Its screen is larger than the entire outer dimensions of an iPhone 4S.Perfect.

First off let me start with that, as a professional artist, I've wanted, no longed to, draw on my phone since I first had one. I have owned many Tablet PCs, tablets and phones over the years. I go all the way back to my Palm pilot wanting to draw something decent on a device like this and it's never EVER paid off. I've owned every Palm since the original Pilot, owned an Evo 4G, an Evo 4G LTE, rooted them both nine ways to Sunday. I have even wasted my money and bought styluses for my iPad in the past always dreaming I could one day draw on one of these stinkin' things. But it was always to no avail, since they're all junk in terms of trying to actually DRAW on the screen. Sure some will say that you can write on an iPad and bla bla bla but the truth is that if you're a real artist, it's always akin to dipping a brick in ink and writing on the wall. It sucks, and it's pretty maddening to boot since it's clearly POSSIBLE to do in the first place and electronic makers (Read: APPLE)purposely do not want to add this feature for some asinine reason.No nothing is like drawing on an actual Cintiq or a tablet PC... until the Note 2. yes I said it and I meant it. If you don't know what a Cintiq is then don't bother reading the rest of this review, but if you want a true digital sketchbook that actually fits in your pocket, buy the Note 2.I won't go to far into detail here about the phone and features itself, as many other capable people have done so already. Besides, if you're reading this particular review you're an artist and wondering if you can draw with this thing or not since all anyone ever talks about is the stupid S-Note app (which is actually okay, but more or less useless if you're an artist. Anyway, this phone is exactly what you're looking for. You can draw, paint, and design right on the tiny 6" screen. You can get pretty detailed too which is great. There are a lot of apps you can download but most of them really don't work so well for my purposes which is straight drawing.What does work is Sketchbook Mobile and it works almost as well as the desktop app minus one glaring omission in the form of a lasso tool. Other than that, it's a very well done app for drawing and pairing it with the Note 2 makes it pretty amazing. I keep shaking my head in disbelief as I drawing with this thing, amazed that I'm doing it with my PHONE!!! The Note 2 is hands down the best phone I've owned simply because of the S-pen. The rest of the phone is great too, don't get me wrong but I bought it for the drawing ability and it delivers in spades. It's great! Armed with Sketchbook Mobile, this baby is like a tiny Cintiq in your pocket, and it works as advertised. Sketchbook Mobile even has a way to disable the palm recognition so you can rest your palm on the screen as you draw! Plus essentially any Wacom penabled stylus will work with the phone so you could get a different stylus if the S-Pen feels too small for you. Axiotron's penabled pens work fine with it as well and even the pen's eraser works on the phone believe it or not! I wish the S-Pen did that itself but I guess you can't have everything.Anyway, to sum it all up, if you want to draw on your phone, pull your wallet out right now and buy this phone. You won't be disappointed!

I love this phone!.. It's like having a mini computer on the go. The battery life lasts about 12 hr. heavy usage.

This phone is fantastic. It's like having a secretary in my pocket.  Never knew Amazon sold contract phones. Great experience.

durable and quality high end phone.I have one for two years and got this for family folks for holiday gift

Awsome awsome awsome phone does everything. Great price great value. Samsung has hit the mark with this one NOTE 2

So, to start of I'm a phone addict..this is my 5th  phone in the last  year, evo, iPhone 4s, evo lte, Samsung galaxy s2...there's probably few more. This phones awesome, and I couldn't beat the $99 price tag. I scoured the internet looking at reviews, impatiently waiting..wouldn't you know, it was a holiday, do I didn't get it till Friday. Now I've had it for over a week. I haven't found a flaw yet. I have small hands, so most of the phones I've used weren't ever just with one hand. I've always used 2 anyways. So don't worry about the size of the phone, you'll get used to it fast. The screens beautiful, and the s pen is fun to use. I don't have 4g here, not until about June, but this phone is fast without it, so I definitely look forward to June coming. This phone has many features I haven't even discovered, and I have a feeling I shouldn't get bored for awhile. Btw, games on here are Awesome =)

The last post gave this phone a one star and they dont even own the phone, they mentioned s3 they must own the s3. this is not the s3 this phone blasts off with a battery that lasts 15 hours of talk time. this phone is the best device in market today period.

I love it its so much better then the iphone I thought I was gon hate it but I decided to keep the note I must say im in love

I love my new phone. It has so many functions. The only problem is that I keep accidentally turning the ringer volume off.

I had the hope this will be the one I've been waiting for, but.... was wrong! It's just not right working and is very stupid and simple phone!

The phone is great. The stylus and S-note comes in handy and the phone is big and pretty.But Sprint has poor coverage. They advertise the phone as a 4G/LTE phone BUT they don't have 4GLTE in Orlando; which is unacceptable considering it's a famous city that attracts millions of tourists.They'll tell you "we're putting up towers" but it's just jazz.  Be sure you do your homework and check Sprint's coverage in your area or  you'll end up like me:  paying $100 a month for what is mostly  3g service.  Even if they do service your area, you're not out of the woods.  Sprint's service just stinks; there have been times I've been unable to get any reception while people around me were able to make calls. Stick with Verizon, T-Mobile or ATT.  You might end up paying more upfront for your phone but it''ll be worth it. Trust me. STAY AWAY FROM SPRINT!!!
