
In all operations the phone is excellent. Only dislike is the fast rate the battery discharges, despite following instructions on battery preservation.

Great 4.11 android dual sim phone.  For yrs I have purchased from China but do not last long. Big problemto repair and costly to send back to china for repairs.  I am please that Sony is selling this no contract phone.1. Use ATT and T- Mobile sims in US. With two service I have always able to make a call or received one2. Phone is load and clear, You set the back ground noise to minimum.3. No problem in down loading Apps from goolge store, Games, Bus., Drop box, Music etc.4. US Warranty Great price fast service from Amazon.5. Picture taking is fair. Screen only 3.5" does not show well in bight sun..6. If Sony comes up with a Dual-Sim 4.7 inch. screen I would by it today. Until then ,I using this as my working phone.My Sony Experia E C1604 Dual Sim.  Great !!!!!! phone.

I bought the Xperia E dual c1604 for my frequent travel to Europe. Was looking for a small sized dual SIM phone, and this one appeared to be just right. It is very nice and has plenty of features. Unfortunately it has very low signal strength, and doesn't work in/around the house (0 bars). My old GS2 gets at least 2 bars, with the the same ATT sim card.I like the design and size, but since I can't use it as phone, I had to return it.

I really like this phone, there is virtually no lag between apps and it has two SIM slots. Great for me as I have two numbers. The only downsides for me are 1) Not super durable. The back is just plastic, and it'll probably break/scratch real bad if you don't have it in a case. 2) Not very much memory. At all. Get an extra memory card. Other than that, very happy with it :)

buy it for my mom and works very well is a bit slow but it works very well in Venezuela signal is excellent, the only detail is that it is a little slow

Im an apple person, so not sure if my review counts! Got that one for my mom and we both hate it. I hate android. Not as intuitive as iOS devices. Cant make the 3G data works. For the price, and dual sim, i think worth the money. But if you have $650 go get an iphone 5. WAY better than this one.

Sent for my cousin in india. it started working right away no need to unlock. Android play works great. screen is good , but back plastic feels kinda cheap. prob will break if dropped from chest level.

At first it was what I expected, but after one month it doesn't get any signal/network. The local operator doesn't have problems and i just can use it with wifi.

It is complicated, user unfriendly and hard to operate. I have a Locked iPhone and wanted unlocked phone to use overseas. Buying the Sony was a big mistake that will never do again. I love Sony products and bought many through out the years: Tv's, Camera's etc. So, I hope it is only this phone is terrible and not all sony phones.

I ordered priority delivered a Sony Experia E with Jelly Bean and Auto Focus camera, but received the Sony Experia E with Ice Cream Sandwich and Fixed Focus Camera. I thought I give it a try, played a little with it, and found the phone itself quite unintuitive and a little slow. It looks great on the outside, but It took me a little while to figure out how this device works. The Instructions booklet isn't great.I am returning this phone, and Amazon agreed to take it back. I understood I do not like Sony Experia E (regardless of the features).

5 stars,  I get what I pay for,  a reliable phone with plenty of extras.I don't want a pocket computer,  so I have a pocket agenda,  2 phones,  a gps and the music i like in the palm of my hand.What else could you need.Very nice phone,  Bravo!

Nothing great about this. Low quality resolution. It is worth ok $100 range. Beyond that better off with anything else.

My expectations are high,  so it is a good thing it worked as I expected.  I like the size of this android.

Lasted just longer than the return policy. The screen quit working in under 60 days. Don't waste your money and get something else.

100 % recomended. I purchased the Sony xperia e c1504 because I wanted to just buy my smart phone out right. You end up spending so much less that way. I mainly use the phone for standard activities, calling, texting, web browsing, basic games. Performs well at all of these activities.

My gf bought this phone for herself as an upgrade to her Sony Xperia X10. She liked it, but I wanted to do a little digging of my own, I was blown away. For the price, you get alot. All the standard features of Android with Sony;s twist. The speed of the phone isnt all that superb but it handles multitasking fairly well but I wont take asway stars for that because I have to consider that it only cost $150.00. All in all a great buy!

This phone has good features but it restarts automatically quite often. I tried to factory reset and update the software, still notice that this problem still exists.

Bought this for a family member recently but it's looking way out of what I was expecting to see. The look and feel aren't impressive but I guess the target consumers may not bother. To be fair to it though, it's got Android jelly bean running on it.

Bought this for international travel and it has worked like a charm.  I've purchased inexpensive SIM cards in Romania, Vietnam, China,the Ukraine, and Croatia and get connected.

Pros:- Dual Sim Capable- Responsive, doesn't feel slow and the UI looks nice- Phone design looks good, not ugly for a budget smart phone- microSD slot- Lightweight- Call quality (good even on International calls)Neutrals (features expected for a $150 smart phone):- Screen quality/resolution is average (320 x 480 pixels, 3.5 inches. 165 ppi pixel density)- Single core CPU (1 GHz Cortex-A5)- Memory is OK (4 GB, 2 GB user available. 512 MB RAM)- Battery Life is OK (not great but not bad either)Cons:- Dual Sims aren't very useful.- Only SIM1 is 3G capable, SIM2 is 2G only- Camera is useless, very poor quality pictures in most situations. Mediocre pictures in good light- Phone would lock-up if a call was made on one of the SIMs and it was ended before the other other party answered.- Random phone radio/dialer lock-ups (phone looks like it is working but no incoming or outgoing calls)- Random phone restarts- Phone doesn't shutdown after a lock-up, only fix is to remove the batteryThese problems were with NO 3rd party apps installed. Just what was on the phone itself.I regret buying this phone, it would have been better to just use 2 phones rather than this phone. It was bought so we could use it when traveling internationally. The Samsung dual SIM phones all supported 3G only on SIM1 (unlike Sony, Samsung was honest and stated this in their specifications). This phone just like the Samsung phones has one 3G radio which is for SIM1 only.In most countries 3G wouldn't matter for voice calls but if you travel to Japan or South Korea you need a 3G phone/radio, 2G doesn't work at all. Which is why I wanted a dual sim phone that supports 3G on both SIMs. I only found out of this problem while the phone was in Japan, SIM2 radio didn't work at all in Japan. This combined with the radio/dialer lock-up issue caused major problems.This phone was used by my mother (she knows how to use an Android phone just not troubleshoot it) and she had an awful experience with it. The phone lock-up and 3G radio issues left the phone inoperable for long periods during her trip. This made it impossible to communicate since we didn't know what was happening. The phone would work sometimes and not others. We tried several SIMs thinking it was a problem with the wireless service providers. What we didn't realize was that the phone worked for a little while because the battery was taken out and put back in during SIM swaps.This phone caused lots of stress for my mother & others trying to communicate with her during the trip and on her return. The day of her return she spent over two hours waiting at the airport after traveling for over 22 hours. Her flight was early, airport staff routed some passengers through a different terminal she thought we hadn't arrived yet and waited for us thinking we weren't at the airport yet. We arrived early as well because we saw that the flight was ahead of its schedule. We waited for her thinking customs/immigration might be taking time. We tried calling her but couldn't reach her since the phone was locked-up. She tried shutting down the phone (it never shutoff the phone was locked-up). She tried calling us but no calls went through, she thought the wireless service providers were the issue. Luckily she got tried of waiting and a couple of Good Samaritans helped her out, they called me for her so I was able to find her.Save yourself lots of headaches and stress, don't buy this phone.

The device worked only 2 days!!! after that suddenly it stopped recognizing any Sim card. Both of the Sim slots not working and it simply sucks. Didnt expect anything like this from SONY XPERIA.

It is good phone if you want &#34;small Dual SIM android&#34;.Also Radio fanction is working well. I have no big complain.

It is difficult to manage.It erased all the data in the two SIM cards I loaded with.... only after I tried to transfer my contacts I found on the internet under How to transfer your contacts to... that one should not try and transfer the contacts form their SC for all data could be erased... ha, didn't I know that, NOW!!!!!The interface is REEEEEEALLY confusing.It is really difficult to change from one SIM card to another. It dies not give you a way to chose from one or another while making a call.The data storage is really confusing...A total mess.I was no lucky with this purchase everything I bought was not what they advertised or I expected.Total disapointment.

The phone is OK for the price. The system is not too slow and it has been working pretty well for about 1 month.  The dual SIM capability is a nice feature, we were able to use the phone outside US without troubles (in Costa Rica). The camera is functional but it is not great (~ 3MP).

I would give it a 3.5. The phone is nice looking. The battery doesn't run low much fast, it's ok to be the whole day playing music and whatsapping if fully charged in the morning. But sometimes it gets really slow. It's like it wouldn't be completely awake. I downloaded a thrash cleaner and it became sort of fast again. Even though, don't recommend to use a whole bunch of applications at once. The camera is not the best, nor the worst in good light conditions; avoid taking pictures in cloudy and dark days, they wont work well. Guess that heavy apps and games wouldn't run so fast. But as a whole, for 500 MB of RAM it does the work if it doesn't get overcharged.For the use I give it (calling, messagging, whatsapp, music and some directions) and what i payed for it, it fulfills my expectations.

item was exactly as described, shipment was fast. I liked the phone pretty much. It's a great dual simcard with outstanding feature yet a combact size..

Such a great phone, really nice to work with and super easy to use. I wish i bought it long time ago.

My rating predominantly goes to the order ease and shipment facilities. Also worth pricewise.Technically mobile seems to be good and is working fine, except a few times when it opts to restart itself.Would rate it 4, as my first choice to search to buy products these days is Amazon.

This is a great phone.  I use one SIM for data and one for voice.I use this phone mainly for data communication and tethering and making phone calls.It does all things required and meets my expectation.

this was not what I intended to buy. I did not look at this and pay attention, it would be a great item for someone else.

It's ok. The plastic seems cheap and falls off easily if dropped. Functions are easy to use. It lacks a high storage and requires your own memory card.

The phone is small in size, good for travel.Mine came unlocked, along with accessories and instructions, new in box.It's a typical Android phone, no surprises.The screen is matt and somewhat grainy.  If you are used to Iphone or Galaxy or even some of the more expensive Sony phones, you will hate the screen.Allows 2 SIM cards, but I had no use for this feature.Battery life is decent, will last 1 entire day with map app on and occasional calls, enough to travel with.For $100, it's okay.  I liked the unlocked Nokia 520 that I bought at the same time much more than this phone and would recommend that (if you can stand using Win8) more than this one.

The first thing I did not like the phone than in the photos is longer and this narrow. The button does not work the carara need instantly eperar until it vibrates and wait another second more to it then appears on the camera screen. And worst wi-fi works great neceitas not be too close to the place where you take the signal, I need to be all the time in the house to get a signal.

Good Android Cell Phone, i recomend it, amazing sensibility and great internal memory space, great choice for android ios Starters

I was completely dissatisfied with this phone. Customer service could not answer my questions despite wasting hours with them. And I could never get the PC Companion software that is supposed to be an interface between the phone and your PC, to detect the phone. After this experience I can understand why Sony is losing money bigtime these days.

The greatest advantage to getting this phone is if you are looking for an unlocked phone, it come like that from the factory. Don't have to hope they unlocked it properly from some store or agent.

D phone is far beyond my expectation. its got bad network reception nd d battery doesn't last long.its beautiful though but nt durable.just had it for one month or thereabout, i had to get another phone. Have u guys got a nokia phone dat uses d normal sim card don't want d one wit d micro sim pls don't mind paying again 4 it.

It is a great phone for basic computing with a long lasting battery. I would recommend this phone for a child

Not the best phone ever but it works the only error i noticed is that you have to switch sims (if you are using dual) every time you want to call from a different sim you need to set a default one but it's a nice and cheap cellphone btw nice ram & calibration ! :)

Phones feels clunky, cheap and the interface is horrible. Get a higher end samsung device if you need to go android!

excellent product,easy to handlequality musicvery good operating system androithin and lightfastelegantnicecoolexcellent

You get what you pay for, I know. For a $150 unlocked smart phone, it does everything you could expect. It's got decent battery life, runs a little slow, and is small and lightweight. My only real complaint is that the phone I received has a fixed focus camera, which is essentially useless. The description clearly states that the camera has auto focus, so I feel misled. Unfortunately I didn't notice this false advertising until after my return window had closed.Edit: I came back to say that I've upgraded to the Moto G, another low-price unlocked smartphone but it is WORLDS better. Makes the Sony look miserable by comparison. Do yourself a favor and do not get this phone.

The phone is ok, but has a problem in an area of &#8203;&#8203;the touch screen that allows me to select the characters to write, as you can resolve this?

If you want to throw your money buy this thing, it freezes ever five minutes, i know is cheap but is so slow

I am not picky. I am not a big review writer. This is a warning.I bought this xperia to replace a low end samsung gravity whose screen i had cracked. This phone got decent reviews on androidandme.com and the price seemed right, esp for android 4+. Unfortunately:. This phone is painfully slow. Much slower than my old samsung which was android 2+. Imagine every time you press a button or swipe. Then wait many seconds. Sometimes 30 seconds. Then you are about to hit the back/escape button to start over when you see the operation has finally gone through. This happens many times a day. A simpler example: your phone rings, you swipe to answer, then you have to stare at the screen a few seconds to make sure the call has gone through.. I thought i would get a lot more functionality with the higher android but i havent.. The screen is dark and muddy. Even on the brightest setting it's hard to see.. It has a very clunky low end look and feel. Cost $150 looks $50.. Dont make the same mistake i did, thinking you just have to get used to the new phone. Its the phone not you. Now its too late for me to return phone.. Im on a budget. At the time i bought this junk the google nexus 4 was $300. Now its a great buy at $200. I wish i could have that instead. If youre on a stricter budget get a blu phone for about $80. People seem to like it. Skip this xperia pr you will regret it.

Don't buy it, I have been trying for days to get it to work with my service provider and they are telling me its because its not unlocked

its okay to used but you cant used any and every headpiece on it, it also freeze now and then.

Interesting manage two sims. This is a good cell phone, A Little bit slow but god cell pone. Thank you

For this price, it's a great value. It does almost all that my girlfriend's iPhone 4s does, and more.  It is not as fast and responsive as the iPhone, the camera and the sound are also not as good, but it does the job.  The screen size is identical to the iPhone, and the screen resolution seems to be the same.  I installed a lot of apps on it, and so far have not run out of memory (unlike with my previous phone that had Android 2.3 on it).  It came with Android 4.0, and recently was updated to 4.1.  So far I have not found any use of the dual SIM card capability, but it could come handy on my next European trip if I buy a local SIM card there.  That's the way to save on phone bills while overseas. Highly recommended.

Would not reccommend buying from this seller. Product I received was not what I thought I was buying. Not to mention the fact that it took about 2 weeks to get to me. Upon trying to return it, customer service was VERY rude. Implied I was unintelligent, and used ALL CAPS occasionally, as though, I couldn't understand what PRODUCT SHOULD NOT BE USED meant. Product wan't used. Pulled it out of the box, tried to set it up with my carrier on line, and the phone was recognized as different than what I had thought I purchased.  So I turned it off, contacted the seller, and returned it. I never plugged it into a charger, never changed any settings, never added a single contact, never called or texted a single number. The phone was utterly unused. It had simply been momentarilly turned on. They made the return a huge hassle, being very impolite, unprofessional, and downright rude. At one point, I even had to tell them that there was no need to be so rude. I had to pay return shipping, and even though the shipping on the product was free when I bought it, they then, also deducted shipping from my refund. The refund took about 2 weeks after they received the product, and the refund wasn't even full. They told me the product had been used, and therefore they couldn't refund me fully. The product was NOT used. I'm very upset with the entire scenario that occurred with this seller and I would not recommend them. They are unprofessional, untimely, and have very poor customer service.

It's excellent phone, the camera is regular , the velocity is ok , good design, easy handle. it's a good option

Never worked.  Reset itself whenever a call was made.  Shut off and back on frequently. Speaker/volume was very poor could not hear incoming callers.

Not a top of the line android, but it has all that I'm looking for so I'm very happy with it.On the positive, it's slim, simple, reliable, good battery life, comes with android 4.1, has dual sim card, and memory expansion up to 32gb.On the negative, it's a little bit slow sometimes, if you push it too hard (when compared with high-end equipment. But as they say, you get what you paid for and I'm willing to compromise.If you are looking for an android phone with the latest version and is on a budget, I definitely recommend it.

For the price, it's a very complete phone. I really didn't expect it to be such a versatile and nice.And has all I need on it! Just loving it!

I ordered this tablet and it works fine but I decided to give it away because Im getting an iPad for christmas

hello dear, I have informal novelty that my team was greeted with a major fault, the base of the screen was broken and I want the repositioning of this product or failing reimbursement of the value. no more than refer.

You know, I am still messing around with this phone. I wanted to rate it more because of the dual sim aspect, but here is my problem. The internal memory has 4 GB (2 GB user available) & able to add up to 32 GB on SD Card. I have yet to DL Apps from Google Play because of &#34;insufficient space available&#34; or so it says. Then, it is not clear how to DL Apps to SD card. I think I will have to DL Apps to phone first then move to SD card, but can't do that due to &#34;insufficient space available&#34; or so it says. Regardless, I am still able to make a phone call.

I never been a fan of Windows phone. I brought his phone for my friend. I'm surprised by the functionality and quality of phone. It is impressive design and camera is awesome. My friend loved it. Great price compared to any other products of same features.

I purchased this phone to replace my HTC mytouch, that I have had for 2 years. I had a myriad of issues with the mytouch and it finally crapped out completely. Here is what I really like about this phone: It is reasonably fast, it is very affordable, it has a camera that takes decent pictures, navigation, most of the standard smart phone accouterments. The main things I do on my phone are: talking, texting, facebook, googling, navigation, taking pictures. The things I do not like are: it is slower than my HTC was, it does not have front camera or flash, it seems very easily broken if dropped, and I cannot for the life of me figure out how to assign speed dialing to my contacts. Hope this helps. If you are on a budget and need a decent phone you will likely be satisfied with this one.

I got a few phones that didnt hold up past a week or two, with glitches right out of the box and that cost me more than this one! this thing is as functional as my Android tablet , the only thing missing (if you care) is a front cam. other than that, I love it, gets the job done and more. the dual SIM means I can leave US SIM card in the phone and just add the one from my international destination once i get there. very impressive considering the price tag. for anything else I still have my android tab.

Very slow. Display resolution is not very good. Overall quality is not like a Sony product quality. It's a good replacement phone for a broken phone (I still have 6 months to go before I can get a phone upgrade from my provider).

If all you really want to do is talk/text and surf the internet occasionally, then this phone's perfect.  Not to mention, it's dual SIM and the color is as nice as the price.Pros:* Nice color.  Amazon doesn't show the color in it's best light.  It really is a rose/bronze with silver undertones?  I don't know how to explain it, but champagne is definitely the color to explain it.  I just think that pics don't show it right.* Dual sim card* Very simple interface.  Pull down menu allows you to quickly switch between cards, turn off/on SIM data traffic (i.e. internet via phone carrier), turn off/on WiFi, turn off/on bluetooth* Sound:  Aside from normal volume control, there is a a menu item for X-loud which uses the internal speaker of the phone to make sounds louder.  Let me tell you...with it off, the loudest setting is not that loud.  But with it on...IT IS LOUD!!!!* Nice design.  Feels good in the hand and not heavy.  Does not need a cover.  The screen is very resistant to fingerprints and scratches.  I have a screen protector even though, and it is scratched already as well as a fingerprint magnet.  That is within days, when I had the phone for a good month before putting on a screen protector and I never had any issues.* Internet while on my home WiFi network is great.  (I usually only turn it on for a quick check on the internet or I keep it on so I can chat via an app I have downloaded)* Google Play store (already loaded is other Google apps as well Facebook extensions etc... I don't use these though)* Has a slot in back to hang a phone charm* Sound quality is really really good.  What do you expect from Sony?  (and I'm not talking about just phone calls, I mean any songs you load onto the phone)Cons:* It is a bit light weight.  If you want something bulkier, this is not for you. The battery cover feels sturdy on, but off is a bit flimsy.* Graphics:  You can tell the quality is not HD.  It's more noticeable if you take a picture or if you are watching YouTube or some video.  That's when you can really tell.* Keyboard:  If you have chubby fingers or like typing vertically (like I do), you will OFTEN hit the wrong keys.  If you aren't much of a texter, this won't matter.* The clock is a bit annoying.  If I leave the clock on as my default while I'm not using it, when I go to use my phone, it will be the same time that it was when I left it.  Only after "waking it up" will it change the time and I find that really annoying.  Note that this is ONLY for the clock widget.  The actual time that you see on your phone in the top corner is always running accordingly and correct.* Pics are ok.  Like I said, this is not the best in graphics or resolution.  There is only a back camera, but it has basic features and you can take a quick pic if you need.* Worst thing about the phone that I don't like: In bright light (i.e. out in Sunny California) you will have major issues seeing the screen.  It is all dark and very very difficult to see.  You will have to seek shade or wait until you are indoors to see it properly.* Dual SIM is Dual SIM standby.  You can only use one SIM at a time.  I don't have a problem with this, but if you are meaning to have 2 numbers running at the same time on a phone, this is NOT for you.* SD card can take up to 32 GB.  This is mentioned in the cons as well because a lot of apps require to be put on the phone and will not save to the SD card.  The internal memory is only about 2 GB I think.  So, if you are an app person, this is also not for you.  I only have a few apps (MagicJack, a gchat one and then whatever was pre-installed) so I don't have any issues.I think I might have forgotten some points, but overall I really like the phone.  I bought it from Amazon when it went to $120 something.  I use it for phone/text and occasional internet.  No issues so far regarding those aspects.  I do wish resolution was better and the camera as well...but for what's it's worth, it's good for a basic phone with internet capabilities.

excellent, work to 1900 in Venezuela and H+.

It's slows down when you add on apps like five of them that you need it tends to slow in opening or takes long to react when you touch on the screen some times I am forced to restart it to make sure it works the other time I had to reset it to factory.

So far, so good.  Have had it for just a couple of weeks.  The dual sim cards allow service from two different carriers so if you are in a bad reception area for one carrier, you can try switching to the other.  I really have no complaints.  Pretty amazing phone for the price.

It is an amazing cellphone, has a lot utilities and functions. it brings with so many useful apps like office suite, google+, music unlimited and others.The image is excellent. The only thing that didn't like much it is volume, the speaker is not powerful so it didn't sound loud like others brands, but it the other aspects it is a good equipment with an excellent price

This was a gift for muy brother and is the best one I have given to him. Looks hice. Good quality...works smooth... Nothing more to ask

Works good and I annoyed it . Wifi had some trouble with connectivity but finally works. The phone is amazing

I'm not fully satisfied with this phone mainly due to bad quality touch keypad and slow response/process time. Should've bought Samsung duos.

I choose this rating after using the phone. I have two numbers from different service providers and this phone is ideal for that. I no longer have to carry around two phones. For the price of one phone I replaced two.Anyone who has two phones should replace them with this one. Android 4.1.1 is greeaatt also.

It work's good... it's ok.good design and  easy handle. The functions are easy for useit's a good option

The product arrived fast and met the specifications indicated in description. I'm using with two sim cards, sometimes Android is little slow but I've read about this situation before buying.

until now working good, but this is a basic smartphone, so sometimes the internet is a little slow.i have 2 sim cards so it is an excellent option to manage 2 lines in a single phone, especially with prepaid plans (per minute, per text).battery life could be better, you will need to recharge it almost every day, since when the phone is about 10% some functions just turn off and could be annoying.

Got this phone for my wife, as we were having trouble with our other phones on our carrier.  She didn't need anything fancy, but I wanted to make sure her new phone had a newer version of Android as we plan to keep them for a few years.  She likes it, and it does everything she wants it to do (which honestly, isn't much).  Runs smoothly enough, and has great battery life if your aren't a hard user.One thing that would bother me if it were mine is the screen resolution.  You can definitely tell that this is a budget phone.  Fortunately, my wife doesn't really care that much.

For my expectations and local market availabiliy, this product exceeded what i was looking for.All of the functionabilities of this phone are friendly use and adecuated to the actual technology.I am looking forward for new buy.

Good afternoon, serves the present to notify them that my cell phone presents a fault on the screen of the camera (a line) which runs through when you see and take the picture. No more to add, I am of you.Kind regards. Ms. Ana corales.

I brought this phone because I wanted a (respected phone brand) dual sim with Android 4.1-Jelly Bean, the description states Jelly bean but the phone came with Android 4.0-Icecream, Sony released an update to 4.1-jelly bean for the Xperia E Dual but apparently its for the version C1605 not C1604. Other than that the phone works ok.

Perhaps my expectations were too high when I bought this phone. It's okay if you don't plan to add Apps and have too many contacts. In my case when I synchronized with my Outlook contacts, which is big, the phone froze, so I had to delete it all. Together with this phone I received a Sony SmartWatch2, however this phone only accepts a few of the Apps developed for this watch.  If you plan to use this dual SIM Card phone, just as a plain phone, go ahead, it will be okay. If you plan to use is as a smartphone look for a higher end device.

is not a phone that is marketedin the u.s. but is adaptable for any cell service.  good value and so far so good

my fianc&eacute; only had the phone from Christmas and  it regularly sticks and needs to be rebooted as well as none of her sim cards work in the phone any more, as a matter of fact no sim card at all works in it. the camera resolution is also poor. I expected better from Sony. Really disappointed

GOOD SONY XPERIA E C1604 WORKS VERY NICE AND IT IS COMPLETE GOOD PRODUCT FOR SONY'S COMPANY BUY IT....... GOOOOOOD

Wireless did not work at first.I had to make a factory reset to get this working.It was very disappointing.

Purchased this phone with the understanding that the phone has 4GB internal storage. But when trying to install apps, the phone just runs out of storage space. The storage space available for app installs is much smaller than 4GB and that is the deal breaker for me. The phone cannot even update the factory apps that came with the phone and runs out of storage space.Also the phone is very slow if just few apps are running, and sometimes gets stuck (non-responsive). I also saw the phone reboot itself several times while running apps.Do not purchase this phone if you want to install any android apps and use them. If you just want to talk using two SIM cards, then this phone is fine.

I would say that I am a bit of a Sony fan as I tend to purchase a lot of things they make. I've been buying Sony phones for a while and I really wanted to buy the Xperia C dual sim but couldn't due to time constraints as I was leaving the country for an extended period of time, so I went with the Xperia E dual sim. I will say this phone has been nothing but a disappointment.The moment I turned the phone on, I noticed I had an update available and updated the phone to JellyBean 4.1.1. From then on, the phone would randomly crash and restart. It then started crashing and restarting whenever the phone screen locked and I tried to unlock it. It would sometimes happen when I used the slide or entered the pin, it didn't really matter which method I tried, it would crash and restart.I have used PC companion to repair the installation several times, as well as Sony's update service and yet the issue exists. At this point, I need to return the phone but physically cannot.

Waste of money.  Though this phone is working but it's not value for money. I should have bought Htc phone in the same price range

I pay for that I came in two days and I said come on Monday 12 ... do not understand why? if you pay to get me there on time I have to not be able to travel and take it with me. but hopefully I get tomorrow.
