
This phone is not for the tech literates...hence stick with the Iphone. The Iphone is also a great phone, no knock on it. This isn't about which phone is better. It's about personal preferences, if you love the user friendly lack of creative thinking features of IOS, go Iphone. If you're the engineer type who loves to tweak stuff and personalize it to your own liking, go Android...Any idiotic comments about the Iphone 5 being faster, save your breath. Please look up "how to speed up your Note II" on Youtube & some lovely people out there will show you a few dummy proof ways of shutting off a few functions.

I really am loving this device.  More than I thought I would.  The screen is beautiful and big, fast, smooth, and bright.  Very little downside for me.PROS:--Bright Screen--Fringer Print coating - I haven't heard anybody talk about the coating on the screen, but it is one of my favorite feature!  It is like working on silk, and it doesn't pick up finger print even close to what my previous phones did.  REally has a luxury feel.--Battery life - HUGE factor for me.  I can get through a regular moderate use day, and still have 30-40% batter when I get home.  CRAZY GOOD!  This can even be improved with tighter control over the settings for sure.--Removable battery - AND if the giant 3100mAh batter isn't enough, you can swap it out!--Speed - FAST FAST FAST!--SD card slot - up to 64BG on top of the 16GB on board--Android 4.1 Jelly Bean - I think they have finally passed iOS with this version.  Super fast smooth, and TON of cool gesture features available.--LED light on the front is great for notification without having to turn on the phone--Home Button - At 1st I didn't like it, but with such a big phone, it is really handy to beable to wake it up with the home button, and not have to reach up the side--Design- much improved over the Note I - thinner, buttons are more reachable.  Very premium feel, even though it is all plastic.  I'm surprised how much I like it.--Camera - lots of cool features and effects, and it is SUPER FAST--Touch Wiz - lots that I'm not a huge fan of, but the lock screen widgets are great.  Otherwise, I switched to Nova Launcher, and LOVE IT!  This really sold the device for me.  Touch wiz isn't great, but not horrible either.  Nova Launcher erases most of the annoyance for me (including having to look at Verizon Bloat ware in the app drawer) - SO EASY TO CUSTOMIZE!--S-PEN - I almost forgot! Very easy to use, needs more apps, but the ones that work well are beautiful.  It writes almost better than a regular pen.--Phone - volume on the speaker and ear piece are fine.  Very load and clear.LOVE THIS PHONE!CONS--Touch Wiz - The settings are scattered all over, some in the settings, some in the individual apps. More centralized would be better.  customized notification bar is so-so.  Wish I could re-arrange the icons and shrink them.  Pure JellyBean is much better (ESPECIALLY on 4.2).--Size - NOT A CON for me!  I used my old iphone last night and it felt like a tiny little toy.  Almost unusable.  I love the giant screen, but if you have small hands it will probalby be too big.  I'm 6" with large hands, but it is easier to drop...--Very Slick - I had to get a case because it is so smooth and slippery.  Very easy to drop.  I found a decent bumper case that isn't too bulky, and adds enough grip to feel more comfortable.Anything else..... NOT REALLY!  Android apps aren't always the best available, but the level of customization is so huge, It is worth breaking out of the Apple and Microsoft walled gardens.  (Yes, I said Microsoft too! - just spend two years with WP7, and it is just as closed as apple...IMO)

Best phone i've had so far. AMAZING battery life. Thats why i bought it and it hasn't let me down.

Love this phone!  It's real big but I've gotten use to it in a very short time period. The biggest transition is getting used to the Android operating system. So much more flexibility than iOS and the colors on the screen are amazing. Very happy with my purchase and got it for half the price than from Verizon store.

This phone is ideal for me. I went from an iphone 4 to the note 2 and the change was huge. I was a little unsure at first becsuse of the difference in screen size but thats not the problem. I have small hands and I can still text and send emails with no problem. The google market alwsys have grest deals on games and music. I love to read and reading my books on this phone is much easier. No need for my glasses. I have borh my Kindle and nook applications on my phone.  4 stats because with all the apps the battery runs down a little fast then the iphone

I usually dont write regarding smart phones but this is the best one for me so far. I checked the note 3 or s5 they are pretty much smillar to this. I am going to keep this phone as loong as it works :)

This was a gift, which brought my husband from his dumb phone to this excellent smart phone in an instant. He was so intrigued that he worked with it constantly and not only enjoys the phone, but now uses it more than his regular computer. He likes the size and finds that it fits into his pockets with no problem, which had been our main concern. I would be absolutely sure, however, that you want a phone of this size. I would not personally trade my Samsung Galaxy S4 for this phone!!!

For the first 2 or 3 days, I was concerned about the size.  It does seem abnormally large right away, especially if you are used to a 4&#34; screen.  Now the size seems completely normal and don't think I could revert back to a small screen. I don't feel like a buffoon talking on it in public at all.  I really don't have any complaints.  A couple of things that could be improved in future iterations would be:  weight, screen view ability in sunlight, and screen resolution.  I think all 3 of things aspects are improved with the s4, so if I had to choose between those 2 phones, I'd get an s4.

this is a great phone, if your hard of seeing this will make it easy. also if you have fat fingers the key board will do.

Greatest phone Ive owned to date.  No surprise there, right.  The only negative is getting it hooked up i.e. usb to pc to transfer files.  I didnt want to use KIES or any other WiFi transfer app.  Over at XDA I wrote how I finally got the note 2 to sync up through my PC.  Samsung, Verizon XDA or Amazon could not figure it out either when I called them about this issue.  Im running XP SP3 on my PC.  There are 2 file you need for it to connect to your PC.  Here is my quote from XDA:For what its worth, here is how I finally got my Verizon Samsung galaxy note 2 sch-i605 to work with windows XP sp3 home edition. Two weeks it took to figure this junk out. The problem was the phone was not being recognized by win XP. I couldn't transfer files to and from the computer to the device. Tried switching usb ports, rebooting, wiping data, installing the latest Samsung drivers,etc, etc, etc. All junk and a waste of time. Delete all Samsung drivers from your device manager. Make sure you show hidden files on the menu to make sure you don't miss any. You don't need to install any usb drivers or anything but these 2 programs from Big Microsoft. Make sure to have windows media player 11. I don't care if you use it or not, does not matter. Some of the drivers are built into this version and windows XP needs it. Second, install the MTP Media Transfer Protocol Porting Kit. Install both then plug your phone into a usb port and your device will show up. Then you can transfer files, root, whatever you want. You also don't need to install anything from Verizon so just click no when it pops up. You don't need Samsung Kies either. Just these 2 files is what works for me.http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/downl....aspx?id=19153http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/downl...r-details.aspxIm not big on writing reviews, but the time it took me playing around with this and finding out many people having the same problem warrants repeating to help others out that might not know what to do.  Your welcome.

I love this phone android samsung note are always been one off my top selection. on top of that it comes factory unlocked. I end up selling it though and bought a note 3. love em both.

I had the Samsung Charge 18 months it was great ,bUt the Samsung Note 2 is bar none theBest phone i have ever had sincek 1990:-) when i had a motorla brickI Have large hands and it is great:-) for me battery lasts 12 hours and by then it is still. only  50%. And i use my phone a lotSo you will not be dissapointed,it is the cream of the crop the new Jelly bean 4.1.2 is fast no lag ihave. VVerizon with no issues BUY IIt!!!!!!!!!!!

There are already some excellent reviews, so I am going to try not repeating what has already been written. Instead, I am going to list a few reasons why I love this phone, plus one big caveat. The caveat first: when I got my first smartphone - a Motorola Droid X - I was equally pleased at this point in the ownership cycle. At month 18 that phone became a nightmare. So, factor that in as I gush about how great this phone is.My comparisons are going to be to the Droid X:- I cannot believe the battery life! I am no longer tethered to a charger. One three hour phone conversation dropped my battery to 73 percent. And it charged back up to 100% when I did plug it into a charger in less than 20 minutes. Note: this is a relatively new phone with a new battery. I doubt I would get the same results a year from now when the battery is worn by numerous charging cycles. Still, since I routinely go the entire day without charging it, only putting it on charge when I go to bed, the wear and deterioration of the battery will probably be far less than for other phones.- Boot-up time is amazingly quick. My previous phone took what seemed to be forever to come up in a ready state after restarting it or powering it back on. This one does it in literally seconds.- Signal strength is as good, if not better, than the phone it replaced. That was a relief because I had heard horror stories about this and the S III. In fact, the Motorola phone was legendary for it's antenna and receiving/transmitting systems and this phone is certainly its equal.- Speaker volume and reception are vastly superior to the Motorola.I transferred my SD card directly from my Droid X to this phone and all of its contents were immediately recognized by the Note 2. I did have to recreate my play lists for my music, which may have been stored in the internal memory of the Droid X. Still, that was a relief to not have to recreate everything.Although this phone is supposed to be locked down I have added apps to it with no problems, so for me that aspect is not an issue.One accessory that I found to be essential to protect the phone is anEvecase Leather Wallet Case with Stand and Credit Card Holder for Samsung Galaxy Note 2 II N7100 - Black.As for the size - it is not a problem for me. In fact, I an getting older and the larger form factor - while not cool or trendy - suits me perfectly.The phone is, if anything, too responsive. The screen is sensitive to your every touch. Sometimes my finger lands or overlaps areas adjacent to where I wanted to touch and the phone responds before I can correct it. That is a minor issue and many folks will probably not experience it.Since this phone is practically a tablet I purchased anHDE Silver Wireless Bluetooth 3.0 Keyboard, which makes it super-easy to use for web surfing and creating and developing documents with Polaris Office 4.0 that shipped with my phone.If there is anything to complain about it's Verizon itself. I had to change from my unlimited data plan to their far more restrictive one in order to upgrade. I am not pleased about that and consider it to border on unethical. I've been with Verizon since 1999 and have been very loyal - until now. And since this reviews is about Verizon's version of this phone I think my comment about this is valid.On the iPhone vs. Galaxy comparisons: I have friends who have iPhones and they have admired my Note 2, but are not about to switch. I can see their point. They are comfortable with that device's interface and features and have no compelling reason to switch. I mention this because that comparison seems to frequently crop up and it truly has no relevance in my opinion. Most folks who are used to Apple are probably going to stay with that platform, and the newer ones seem to have close to the same features judging from one of my friend's 4S model.As I mentioned above, time will tell about this phone. Right now I am thoroughly pleased with mine, but who knows? Latent flaws could surface in the future that change my opinion. If so I will come back and update this review.

I can't even type much because I can't wait to get back onto this phone. I won't be able to go back to a smaller less functional phone. S Pen is amazing. Dual apps at the same time, amazing. Quad core and 2 gigs, amazing. AMOLED Screen vibrancy, amazing. In short: amazing.

Buying my Note 2 via Amazon was a great deal I was not aware customers could do. I received a great deal with my 2 year contract. Love this feature and the phone is amazing. The camera is fantastic too.

Now, I'm no tekki and often times somewhat technologically impaired, so I can only speak to you in plain simple language.  I love the big screen.  I wanted to upgrade and have some books to read on Kindle now and then for my Amazon reviews. I really needed a bigger screen and did not want to get a Kindle just to read.  The reading part of the screen is about 2 3/4 by 4 1/2 -- much larger than my previous smart phone.  This phone is fairly simple to operate the basics on and you can go to Google and download the detailed manual for free.  It's a slim phone, probably about a half inch on the side and a little more than 6 inches by 3 1/4 on the outside.  Slides nicely into most ladies' purses.  If you are a belt-wearer, you probably want to get an Otterbox case for durability.  Besides all the nice apps and the ability to actually write on it with a stylus pen, the stylus pen slides right inside the phone for storage.BTW, for those on the edge of buying, you might get this model a little cheaper now, because I understand the Galaxy Note III is scheduled to come out in about a month or less.This is a fun phone :)

I got this baby for $80 here on amazon as I upgraded through my phone company..... yay me...This phone is amazing... Im a FT nursing student and this phone doubles as my pc on the go.... I keep my notes and they are easily legible....I know this phone has more capabilities than I have opened myself up to... I love it though i should have  gotten the white....

I recently upgraded from my 3gs to the galaxy note ii... the good thing about this phone is reliability. The bad part is ease of use. If you're coming from an iphone please be sure you are ready for the changes.

I am very happy with my Note 2 with a couple of exceptions: it is a little too large for a phone if you hold the phone to your head, and the screen is very fragile and extremely expensive to replace! If you search online, you will find hundreds of people complaining about the fragile "gorilla" glass that shatters at the slightest drop.I was also surprised at the lack of voice commands to control the phone, which my Blackberry Bold and my HTC EVO both had.That said, the screen is very large, bright, and easy to read. Input is simple (I like the swipe input, although the Swype app is better), the pen is a nice touch with surprisingly good handwriting recognition, and the speaker is very good. Which reminds me that the music app is pretty brain dead.On media, I have used the AllShare program to connect the phone to my computer and Blu-Ray player, which is really cool - play videos, music and see pictures from your phone on your TV wirelessly (like Apple Airplay only for non-Apple devices). That's also a bonus because the phone lacks a video output although I understand you can buy an adapter.If I could do it again, I would have looked very hard at the Galaxy S3 and S4 for the more comfortable size.

I love how the phones comes "Factory Un-locked." Great screen, great features and even better battery life. I never thought I would use the S-pen. But, I do. "I write mustaches on people."

This review pertains to the Samsung Galaxy Note II, model number SCH-I605, or the Verizon Wireless variant of this device.  Your mileage may vary with the unlocked version, or with versions from other carriers in which features weren't blatantly stripped making for a more miserable user experience.The first thing I want to start with is the fact that wireless charging has been completely stripped from the device.  I'm not referring to not just including the inductive charging plate in the back panel, I mean they've completely removed the terminals from the logic board and covered them with part of the case.  This means if you have ANY dreams of owning a wireless charger for this device, either buy from a different carrier, buy the unlocked version, or be prepared to void your warranty by disassembling the case, soldering terminals to the leads, cutting the case, properly measuring and cutting the leads, then installing the inductive charging plate in the back panel lined up perfectly with the terminals you just soldered.  Why on earth would they take such a premium phone and neuter this feature?  6 words: Nokia Lumia 822, and Droid DNA.  These two devices are a burden on Verizon's inventory right now, and they're doing everything they can to push inferior technology on unsuspecting customers who desire premium quality and design.My second big gripe, just like the Samsung Galaxy Nexus, Google Wallet has been removed.  With the Galaxy Nexus, it was as simple as side-loading the application.  With the Note 2, it's hours of frustration down a rabbit hole that lead you nowhere near a working solution.  You'll have to root your device, voiding your warranty (again,) install Root Explorer and edit your Build.prop file in the root of the filesystem.  You have to tell the phone to basically believe it's a different model on a different network, install Google Wallet, initialize it, set it up, then go back and restore the settings in the Build.prop file to the original settings so your phone functions properly.  This resolution works on other devices, but still causes issues with Google Wallet on the Verizon flavor.  Once again, why?!  With Verizon's Motorola relationship, and Google's ownership of Motorola, what, pre tell, would drive them to these means?  Isis.  The Isis mobile payments system, which Verizon is a parent investor in.  Verizon claims it's due to the fact that Google Wallet accesses a secure part of the hardware, and is somehow a risk to users (hence calling it a "secure" part of the hardware?)  Funny thing is, Isis does the exact same thing.  Unfortunately, Isis doesn't work with all NFC payment terminals.  Google Wallet doesn't either, but acceptance is MUCH more prevalent than it is for Isis.  In fact, I live in the DC Metro area, and there isn't a single Isis payment terminal that I've seen.  Google Wallet, on the other hand, is everywhere, all the way down to Macy's department stores.Third on the list is the bloatware.  You come to expect certain apps on Android devices to be prepackaged with carrier-sold phones, but Verizon takes the cake on the list of Verizon apps included, taking up storage space and mucking up system-wide defaults, such as trying to open an address in Google Maps.  Sure, you get the option to use "this app by default," but I've actually found it only applies to the app you're using.  Example: open an address from a web browser in Google Maps, tell it use Google Maps by default instead of Verizon Navigator, and you're set for the web browser.  Open an address from a text message, you'll be asked the same question.  This applies to same actions in any app.Still not convinced?  What if I told you Verizon disabled MOST of the apps for split-screen viewing?  I counted a list of 8 or so apps I could use split-screen view.  Most of which were apps I wouldn't use.  I installed a custom rom on my device, and unlocked EVERY app and everything from Skype, to Polaris Office, to Email, even to Angry Birds worked fine.Sadly, Verizon disabled a LOT of S-Pen functions as well, not to mention the entire suite of S-Cloud functions.  You'll constantly be nagged to trust Verizon with your contacts using their contact backup crapware that never syncs properly, and they've also castrated the call/messaging blocking function.  What's that?  Well, it's the equivalent to "Do Not Disturb" on the iPhone, but with more features such as whitelisting or even blacklisting numbers from telemarketers and the like.  One could speculate that was removed as it competes with their pay-for-use services to lock down phone use between certain hours for your kids.The phone its self in an unmolested fashion is amazing.  Sadly though, in spite of what is blared into my ear everytime I call Customer Care, customers DO NOT come first.  After this mess, you can believe once my two-year contract is up on my other line I'm gone.You've been warned.  It's your money.  Spend it wisely.

One of my friends got the original Galaxy Note a while back. She was rather petite, and I thought it was hilarious! Whenever she held it up to her face to talk on it, all you could really see was this big phone tablet lovechild...thing. Then, her sister got the Galaxy Note 2 last month. It was even bigger! I unleashed a barrage of playful jesting at her as well. Who would want such a big device for a phone?It then came time for me to upgrade. I had been using a HTC Thunderbolt, so most anything would have been an upgrade. I even had the extended battery, the one that stuck out from the back like it was a hideously deformed hellspawn and belonged in the bell tower at Notre-Dame Cathedral. All in all, it wasn't a terrible phone...but the battery would barely last a day with moderate use (and that was the extended), and the phone itself was prone to quirks that caused problems now and then. In addition to that, the processor is a few generations old now and it certainly showed! I was extremely ready to upgrade.I had it narrowed down to a few phones...I wanted a Nokia 920, but Verizon didn't have it yet. So I looked at the Droid DNA, and the Razr Maxx HD. I wasn't even CONSIDERING the Note 2.The more research I did though, the more it got frustrating.I loved the size, look, and feel of the Droid DNA, but I already had been burned by one HTC phone with an under-powered battery. To add insult to injury, with the Droid DNA the battery wasn't even replaceable and I would be stuck with 16GB of non-expandable memory. I could make it work maybe, but battery life and storage are important to me. The answer was nein.Razr Maxx HD...Motorola makes solid phones. It was rugged, it had lots of nice bells and whistles, was a good size, and the battery life looked great! I've never had a phone with above average battery life, the possibilities were tantalizing. But..it was only dual core (not a big deal, but to a techy guy like me it's enough to make me hesitate with more quad processors coming out and all), and the camera wasn't very impressive. Not terrible, but meh. I do take pictures a lot, so I ideally wanted the best phone camera I could get to save me from perpetually having to carry around my 7D. This was the stronger contender of the two, but it was disappointing that I would have to compromise so much either way. Plus, after holding it, I just didn't dig the shape of the phone. I could have certainly made it work and I probably would have been happy with it-- but that didn't mean it was the best choice for me.Then I read more about this thing and got to play with it.I fell in love. It does everything well. Why compromise when, if I can deal with .5" increase in size from the Droid DNA, I could have a phone that wouldn't lack in any of those previously mentioned departments?That's the bottom line with the Note 2: "If you can deal with the size." Personally, I think a 5" phone is ideal, but 5.5" is definitely manageable for me.It's not for everyone. I have big hands, and I can operate the thing with one hand pretty easily (Samsung's one handed mode keyboard helps). It's a good size for me, and even my female friend who is considerably smaller than me can operate it well. It takes some getting used to though. It fits in my jeans pockets, but I bought a Seido ACtive case w/holster just in case (hah! Get it?). Been using that with no problems.I do not regret getting it.This is the best phone, or phablet, or whatever it is, I've ever had.  I'm on my third day of one battery charge here, with light use in addition to using this thing as a music player while I drive. I bought a 64 GB card and use this as my music player now, rather than pay an extra few hundred for a 64GB ipod which I was originally intending on doing. The interface doesn't skip a beat, games run flawlessly, the s pen is surprisingly useful, and the camera is very good! No connection issues either. 4G runs fast, wifi works just fine, but I haven't tried bluetooth yet. I'm optimistic this phone may actually make it so I'm not yearning for my next upgrade date.So to put it plainly... I'm sorry Galaxy Note 2. I'm sorry for making fun of you.. *sniff*. People may make fun of you for being a phablet, but I know better. You were just made awesome.

I've had this phone for about 24 hours and it's my first Android device so I won't get too deep into the device itself. There are plenty of Galaxy Note 2 reviews out there.No hiccups yet, the phone seems pretty reliable. The battery is huge but so is the screen - which pretty much makes that a moot point. Due to the phone's size, I can definitely see myself using it more than I would a "normal" size smartphone - if the battery can take it (which I don't think it can). So far, battery life seems to be on par with my old iPhone. I guess the bigger battery was intended to offset the bigger screen, not necessarily to give the phone more life.It's for that reason (and the increased capabilities provided by having a bigger screen) that necessitates two much-needed accessories: a spare battery and some sort of standalone charger for the spare. The problem with that is the back cover doesn't strike me as being sturdy enough to handle repetitive removal for battery swaps.The price of the phone was great - over 33% cheaper than the carrier's asking price. Amazon's order process went smoothly, as did activation. The phone arrived within 54 hours of placing my order. My only complaint with setup is that I accidentally gave Verizon Backup Assistant permission to populate the Note's address book with contacts that hadn't been updated in three years. Apparently Verizon Backup Assistant never had access to my iPhone's address book this entire time. I didn't notice this until I signed in to Google and now the Note's address book is a mess. If you have your contacts organized via Gmail or iCloud, either make sure Verizon's copy of your address book is up to date or see if you can skip allowing it to touch your address book altogether.So far, two of my three complaints about the phone are the fault of Verizon. The non-removable bloatware is surpassed only by the gaudy Verizon logo on the home button. The third issue is the extremely slippery finish of the backside. What were you thinking, Samsung? A phone of this size is already awkward to hold (especially with one hand) and giving it an ultra slick finish doesn't help in the accident-avoidance department. I will most definitely be getting a case for it. As for being 'pocket-unfriendly', it fits just fine in every pocket in which I normally carry an iPhone 4 with a Mophie Juicepack case.As for the OS, switching to Android after 4.5 years using an iPhone has proven more difficult than switching to Mac after 18 years on Windows. Thankfully most of my questions have been quickly answered by a Google search.

Product arrived in excellent packaging with manuals and in perfect condition!After inserting the SIM card and turning on this device, everything was delightful after that!We just cannot stop looking at the wonderful, vibrant, vivid screen.

The Note II is a nice small tablet, but is an inconveniently complex phone.  I loved my iphone and I'm going to buy a new one tonight after one week with the Note II.  It does a lot of things, but it does not make me happy.  Also, voice call sound is not good.  Just not for me.

I bought an OtterBox Commuter Series Hybrid Case for this baby to protect it. Now it&#8217;s huge. I have a NETGEAR R6300 Wireless AC1750 it makes 2 conntections &#8211; one says 5G. So this 5G one. 58809kbps Down, 16729 kbps Up, 21 ms Ping. That&#8217;s smoking fast&#8230; Fits in OtterBox Commuter Series Hybrid Case with Otter Box Cummuter case on it &#8211; just barely. Battery life is good. Never need to charge it if you do it nightly &#8211; that will be enough. I use WiFi, Bluetooth, navigation etc. Works with my LG Tone Wireless Bluetooth Stereo Headset. Now I need to get me a 64GB Micro SD Card. Can&#8217;t think of a complaint. I&#8217;m a big guy so it&#8217;s not too big for me&#8230;

My wife recently fell in love with this phone after toying around with it and after i perchased it she is totaly in love with this item and the fact that the delivery was so fast made things more better, thanks so much for the item and fast turn around.

Amazing phablet in every way: size, screen, speed, memory, performance etc..  Actually I truly think its the best phone in the world at the present time.  The only little issue I found after 2 months of use is the location of the power button, the massive size of the phone makes you want to hold it from the edges if you want to avoid holding it from the screen, holding the phone from the edges often causes the accidental pushing of the power/wake/sleep button, much rather it was placed on top like Motorola phones.  But folks that's the only negative thing i found.  If you like the size of this phone, which I do and wish it was even bigger, you will absolutely love love this phone.Buy and enjoy highly recommend it!!!!!!!!!!

Upgraded to the Note 2 from the Motorola Atrix and its an outstanding difference. The main reason for the upgrade to the Note 2 was for the extra screen size. Most of the time I hardly use my phone for making actual calls. Instead, I am surfing the net, texting, watching videos, etc. and thus the reason for wanting the bigger screen. Having the larger screen makes everything easier to see and the AMOLED screen in general is excellent for quality.The operating system is super smooth and lightening quick, while the S Pen gives me some extra useful features for note taking during meetings. On the Verizon network, the 4G LTE is plenty fast for everything I need.Highly recommend this phone!

This phone is amazing! I've always stuck with Android and it's never failed me! I love the size even though it takes some getting used to but love how I can scroll through my apps without having to zoom in on everything! It's easy to navigate and work with! I have other Apple products but still wouldn't trade this in for anything else! I highly recommend it to anyone who plays with their phone more than talks on it! The size isn't that bad for talking either but it definitley is a play phone or work phone for sure!!!!!

Verizon doesn't have as good plan as sprint. My any time minutes are very less. I did a mistake by moving to Verizon from sprint.

There is nothing much that I can add to what has been said. Suffice it to say that this is the best smartphone I've ever owned. I have tried Motorola, HTC, Palm, Samsung, etc. This is also a great deal buying from Amazon. I was able to use the discount on another line on the account to get this phone and use this phone for MY number. I also recommend theiOttie HLCRIO101 One-Touch XL Windshield Dashboard Car Mount Holder for Galaxy S4/Note 2 - Retail Packaging - Black,MobC Galaxy Note 2 / N7100 Screen Protector HD Film - 99.9% Clarity Japanese Film - Retail Packaging - Fine Crystal [2-Pack], andiSee Case Hybrid Kickstand Rugged Heavy Duty Case Belt Clip Holster Samsung Galaxy Note 2 N7100for this phone. I have tried all these accessories and they work well.

I am still in the discovery mode of all of what the Note II offers - by far this is the best smart phone that I have owned. Love the large size - I can read my emails without reading glasses!

This is my second smartphone, and am very impressed with this phone! It is fast with virtually no lag time. Easy set up, sleek and lightweight, and the added bonus of an onboard s pen storage make this a must have! It is a little bigger than the Spectrum, but has the same sleek clean line look but performance has it hands down for this product! I originally had looked to get the Samsung Galaxy lll, but after much research and preferences decided on this and I am glad I did! This will probably be very hard to top, and the price was just irresistible! I purchased this from Amazon, and got it for nearly a hundred dollars cheaper than Verizon, and had no problems follwing the directions! Follow the instructions, and you will have this phone up and running in record time! I do recommend you purchase your screen protector and case at the same time, however, as you will find it harder to clean your screen after a few days use. I did an alcohol wipe down, but still had a few dust specks, which make it difficult to achieve a smooth application! This phone has all the bells and whistles that any techie would enjoy, I am still having fun exploring! I highly recommend this for anyone, though, not just the high tech person! I use my phone for my work, too, so this was the best buy! I have truly not regretted this purchase!

I've been on the Android bandwagon since the beginning when I had the Tmobile G1.  Ever since then I've been playing with phones to find the perfect one.  This is that phone!  If this phone had come out back then...I would still have it.  The screen is big enough for everything.  I don't even use my Kindle Fire tablet anymore.  To get the best experience with this phone I chose to root it and install a custom 4.2.2 ROM.  GPS is a little finicky, but if you keep it stock and use Touchwiz the phone works flawlessly.  I usually overclock every phone that I have ever owned, but this one doesn't need it.  You won't make a bad decision with this one.  Definitely shop around and get the best price...I ordered mine from Amazon to get the best price.  Even with the Note 3 comes out all your going to get is an upgraded screen and maybe a little better camera.  Overall the best Android phone I've had so far!

This puppy has all the great features of the Galaxy S3 along with a bigger screen, stylus,  and Factory loaded Android Jelly Bean OS.  The big screen is awesome for watching Netflix or Youtube or using apps such as Instagram that have a lot of pictures. Below are the things I love about this phone.1. Super fast, I can have a lot of apps open and this phone does not slow down thanks to the 2 gigs of ram it has.  Loading big videos or web pages are a breeze for this bad boy.  Its even faster than my 3 year old PC I have at home.  The Jelly Bean operating system is smooth as silk.2. The battery life is AMAZING, even after a full day's use I still have over 60 percent of my battery life left.  WOW.3. Although I do not use the stylus much I like that it stores inside the phone and you don't even know its there, I love the Paper Artist app that comes loaded on the phone.4. Phone is lightweight, thin, and although it has a 5.5 inch screen, it still fits fine in my pocket.5. I love the LED status light.  Lights up red when charging, green when done charging, and blinks when you have a missed call or txt message.Overall, an amazing phone, you won't be disappointed.

This device is a BEAST!!! I love how zippy it is (coming from a Droid Razr Maxx) and the battery life is almost on par with the Razr Maxx too. I love the screen size, S-pen, and the audio playback...it actually has some bass to it & it's loud.I am actually a little more impressed with Amazon Wireless customer service; I received a defective device 1st and contacting customer service was a breath of fresh air. They shipped me a replacement via one-day shipping after they received my defective one back. If I would have purchased through Verizon and this happened it would have been a long drawn out ordeal.I will no longer purchase devices straight from the carrier I will stick with Amazon. This is where I get all of my cases, accessories, and now my smartphones.The only thing I do not like about this phone is how plastic cheap it feels and how Verizon has limited the multiview apps (for now until the update is released) while Sprint has not. (I have both).

It's ok if you want a small tablet rather than a phone. I returned it for something a little more manageable.

Best damn phone ever!!!!! If you are looking for a phone with a more computer like experience, this is it!

When I opened the box I burst out laughing. The phone is huge! In spite of that it fits in my pocket and I got used the size in a few hours. As a phone it performs well. Contacts are usefully organized, the keypad is enormous and straight forward to use. I was not ecstatic about the sweeping the screen to answer or decline but I am getting used to it.The build quality does not compare to Nokia or Apple, the back cover is alarmingly flimsy, but the screen dominate the experience of using the phone to such an extent that the aesthetics hardly matter. Images are crisp and bright, video playback is smooth and the touch function accurate and responsive. Once you get used to holding the S-pen perpendicular to the surface, writing quick notes or using handwriting recognition is adequate. The camera is above average as my experience with cell phone cameras goes. Connecting (and disconnecting) to mobile data and non proxied WiFi is painless as is setting up an email account. There are apps for reading Kindle books and Adobe DRM ePubs and the screen is big and clear enough: I'm probably rarely going to use my Kindle again. The app store is bursting with interesting and useful apps.In general I have never been so satisfied with a gadget. But that was the weekend...On Monday at work a catastrophic disaster struck. Android, even the latest JellyBean does not support proxy authentication with a username and password. This means that I cannot even access my employer's home page and have no access to either the intra- nor internet. Obviously I should have done more research, but I assumed that this problem, which people have been complaining about since the first Android device, has been solved years and years ago. Effectively it means that no-one with a authentication requiring proxy sitting between them and the internet can use this phone or any other Android device for work or study. (There is a workaround: rooting your device, which may go horribly wrong and voids the warranty and installing a app called Proxydroid. Having done that only the NYtimes widget started working, none of the browsers I have tried even sees the connection...)So the one star is because I have never been so soul crushingly disappointed with a device (and my own stupidity) in my life.If you're never going to need proxy authentication, like reading in coffee-shops, need a good organizer, want to doodle and take short notes in meetings and want to google in front of the tv then run out and get this phone. If you want to use it for work make 101% sure the network you need to connect to does not require proxy authentication...

I love the size. I can see it. Just getting used to all the capabilities!  Will keep me busy for awhile. Great pictures. Many cover choices to fit your needs.

This was a great buy. I love this phone and it's been great for reading on and doing everything I've asked of it.

I have the Note I and wanted to mention something for those who are thinking about buying the Note II.After almost a year, I wouldn't trade my Note for anything else but the Note II. Everytime I go into a store, I don't see anything else I would rather have.People sometimes ask about the Note size, and I respond by telling them the device seems to get smaller and smaller each day. It's just that most ppl are used to a teeny tiny screen. It fits nicely into jean front pockets and my jean jacket shirt pockets.The Note is more than a phone and with its size, it is actually usable without a magnifying glass. Videos, pics, e-mails, txt msg, games, etc are all very easy to use and see.Dialing is a snap without fumbling on the keys. The audio is loud for playback. I hope Samsung does not take away the stylus since is very useful to make a quick note, pointer or drawing. I wished the Note One had the LED notification indicator like the Note II. So that is a selling point for me on the Note II.The 8Meg camera takes the best pics and videos ever. I rarely use my still camera anymore. I just pull out the Note and use it for all pics.We could go on forever talking about the Note and Note II. They just keep getting better. I'm running Android ICS on the Note One and it is great. I hear the Note II battery is very long lasting ->  Li-ion 3,100mAh...Note IINetwork3G: HSPA+21Mbps(HSDPA 21Mbps / HSUPA 5.76Mbps)4G LTE: 100Mbps / 50MbpsProcessor1.6 GHz quad-core processorBatteryStandard battery, Li-ion 3,100mAhMemory16/32/64GB User memory + 2GB (RAM)microSD slot (up to 64GB)CameraMain (Rear) : 8 Megapixel Auto Focus Camera with LED Flash, BSISub (Front) : 1.9 Megapixel VT Camera, BSIBest Photo, Best Face, Low light shotVideoCodec: MPEG4, H.263, H.264, VC-1, DivX, WMV7, WMV8, WMV9, VP8Format: 3GP(MP4), WMV(ASF), AVI, FLV, MKV, WebMFull HD(1080p) Playback & RecordingAudioCodec: MP3, OGG, WMA, AAC, ACC+, eAAC+, AMR(NB,WB), MIDI, WAV, AC-3, FlacMusic Player with SoundAlive3.5mm Ear JackContent / ServicesSamsung AppsSamsung Hub- Game Hub- Media Hub (US only)- Learning Hub / Music Hub / Video Hub The availability of each Samsung Hubs maydiffer by countrySensorAccelerometer, RGB Light, Digital Compass, Proximity, Gyro, BarometerGPSA-GPSGlonassEnterprise SolutionsOn Device Encryption (H/W)Microsoft Exchange ActiveSyncVPN(F5, Cisco, Juniper)MDM(Sybase Afaria, MobileIron, SOTI, Good)CCXVMware MVPConnectivity / Sharing FeaturesBluetooth v 4.0 (Apt-X Codec support) LEUSB 2.0 HostWiFi 802.11 a/b/g/n (2.4 & 5 GHz), Wi-Fi HT40Wi-Fi DirectNFCS BeamSamsung AllShare Play & ControlSamsung AllShare Cast (WiFi Display)- Mirroring & ExtentionSamsung AllShare FrameworkS Pen Optimized FeaturesS Pen Experience- S Note, S Planner, Email with hand-writingintegration- S Pen Keeper- Quick Command, Easy Clip, Photo Note,Paper Artist- Shape Match, Formula MatchOtherSamsung TouchWiz / Samsung L!ve PanelSamsung Kies /Samsung Kies AirSamsung ChatOn mobile communication serviceSmart Stay, Direct claa, Screen Recorder,Quick GlanceSamsung ChatOn mobile communication serviceSamsung S Suggest

I say great phone, but now they are really computers with a phone function.  I had an HTC Thunderbolt and was really happy with it, but I wanted a larger screen and global ready.  I started looking at the Motorola DRIOD RAZER MXX HD, Samsung Galaxy 3 and the HTC DNA.  I compared my Thunderbolt screen size to the RAZER MXX HD and the Galaxy 3, but they were just longer and not wider, which in my opinion was not helpful.  I then took a look at the HTC DNA and it is a great phone and it is wider, but it had several issues, which were show stoppers for me.  The DNA only comes with 16GB of storage which is shared with the Android OS and all of the installed applications with no SD card and you can't add an SD card.I then took a look at the Samsung Galaxy Note 2 and thought I would give it a try.  The only thing I was concerned with, prior to receiving it, was that it may be too big.  After receiving it I installed a 64GB SD card and added a SEIDIO case to protect it and as it turns out, it was not too big and it provides a great screen to perform all of my applications and web browsing.  With that said I am very happy with this phone and will not turn back to a phone with a smaller screen size.  The only con I can add is the battery life could be better, but considering it has a Quad Core 1.6GHz processor and 2GB of RAM it is expected that it would drain a little battery life and I can make it about 10-12 hours before I need to recharge it.  Once again this is a great phone.

Battery life is phenomenal!  Screen size and graphics are excellent.  I'm not thrilled with the location of the power button but I'm learning to work with it.  The button is right where you grab the phone with one hand so I triggered the screen quite often in the beginning.  Most of the apps that come pre installed are rather useless to me but I don't blame the phone.

Coming from an HTC Evo3D this phone is just amazing. Awhile ago I swore I'd never get a Samsung phone because touchwiz looked absolutely stupid to me. Well after being on Sense for 4 years it got simply boring. After looking at this in a Verizon store I was quite impressed with touchwiz and all the features.  The 5.5" screen is perfect size for me. I've got bigger hands so it makes using keyboards so much easier for me.  I'm really impressed with 1.6GHz quad-core processor and 2Gb ram. I've never had anything lag on me at all no matter how many apps I've had open. I don't use the camera often but it's pretty good for 8mp.  I definitely feel that I made a great purchase.  The best part about owning this phone is when my co-workers look at it and say "that's really a phone".

I've been an iphone fan and decided to switch from my 64gb iphone 4s to this. First of all, I love the screen and the size, its amazing. But there are some issues with the way Jellybean (the new Android OS) handles the micro sd card. You can no longer move apps from your phones internal memory to the sd card. There are some ways around this, but most involve rooting your phone. For those of you intending to use this phone for playing large games and don't want to take the chance of rooting this could be a deal breaker. It seems that google is trying to move away from sd cards in general, and thats why we are seeing features like these being dropped, it would seem they are forcing phone makers to make phones with larger internal space rather than small 8 or 16gb phones that require sd cards. I'm all for this, but  I wish they would have left this option for those of us that still have phones that need large micro sd cards. I've read rumors that the Samsung is coming out with Note 2's that will have larger internal storage, so if you need lots of storage and don't want to go through the hassles I am, it may be better to wait.Another issue worth noting is that many apps themselves are taking away the ability to store files on the sd card. For example the new version of Spotify for android no longer lets you store offline playlists to your sd card. I'm not sure what they're thinking is behind this and its made lots of android users very frustrated. Apparently there is a way to install an old version of spotify APK (if you can find one) then set it up to save to SD, and then update to the new Spotify through Google Play, and it will keep saving to your SD. I don't live in an area with very good coverage so downloading playlists to my phone is a must, now I'm faced with having to cancel my Spotify account. I really want to give Android a chance, and I love the phone, but its issues like these that make me want my iphone back, sure they have there problems too, but for the most part they just work.Bottom line, if you get this phone you will probably love it, but if you are a spotify premium user, or play lots of large games, you will run into headaches.

Bit of getting used to it due to it's size, but after a while is like second nature, won't buy anymore phones with smaller screens from now on. Great for txting on panoramic view, persons with big fingers will enjoy typing on this screen, reading twitter feed is a breeze and watching youtube is awesome as well.Battery is amazing, had an htc incredible and a galaxy nexus in the past and on both occasions an extended battery was a must, not the case in the galaxy note 2, not a power user, but more of a moderate to heavy user and I can go up to two days without running out of juice.Sadly Verizon has disabled many of the functions that made this phone amazing, the other carriers have not done the same to their models of the galaxy note 2. Wished that I had known this before buying the phone for the Verizon network. My next phone will be in a different network.

It took me a little while to get used to holding this larger sized phone but now I don't even notice it. I enjoy the larger screen. The battery life is also pretty good. Although there is a new model on the market, if someone wants to save money with this earlier version, it won't disappoint.

Linked from The Inquirer, tech news page: [...]THE UNITED STATES Department of Homeland Security (DHS) and Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) must have caught up on their IT industry news reading this summer, because they have just warned about security threats to devices that use the Android mobile operating system.A joint DHS-FBI bulletin read, "Android is the world's most widely used mobile operating system (OS) and continues to be a primary target for malware attacks due to its market share and open source architecture. Industry reporting indicates 44 percent of Android users are still using versions 2.3.3 through 2.3.7 - known as Gingerbread - which were released in 2011 and have a number of security vulnerabilities that were fixed in later versions. The growing use of mobile devices by federal, state, and local authorities makes it more important than ever to keep mobile OS patched and up-to-date."The bulletin proceeded to identify SMS Trojans, rootkits and fake Google Play domains as security threats and offered various mitigation strategies.For example, to fight against SMS Trojans it advised, "Install an Android security suite designed to combat these threats. These security suites can be purchased or downloaded free from the Internet."To protect against fake domains, "Install only approved applications and follow IT department procedures to update devices' OS. Users should install and regularly update antivirus software for Android devices to detect and remove any malicious applications."The IT industry and tech-savvy users have known about these types of security concerns - stemming from Android fragmentation, most mobile phone manufacturers' sloth and indifference, and user inertia and ignorance - for a while now. But apparently the DHS and FBI just noticed this summer. 

I've had my galaxy note II for about a week now and I'm still discovering cool new tricks it can do I like being able to say "shoot or capture or cheese" to take a picture. The camera is awesome, and 0 lag is a luxury I hadn't experienced untill I got my note 2. I thought the size was going to be an issue for me but it fits in my pockets nicely, and I've gotten used to the mega screen. I was going to get the verizon galazy S3 but I discovered the US version only has a dual core whereas the note 2 has a quad core. I thought I'd try to get it to freeze or something so I played super troopers (the movie) and navigated Google Earth at the same time and it didnt skip I beat. I haven't got to try out a lot of the features yet but so far I'm really happy with my note 2.

After one week, I was as completely used to the size. I occasionally use other phones now and can't standHow small they are. Does everything I need and a lot of features I will never use.Longest lasting battery out there

This is an excellent Smartphone. It is not perfect though. First up, I did not buy this from Amazon. My unit was purchased at Verizon. I was looking for a larger screen than my Apple iphone 5. I generally have 2 phones due to business needs. My work is deeply integrated with Google services. Because of this I have tried a number of Android and Chrome devices. These include the Nexus 3 and the Samsung S3. Neither of these worked out for me and I returned to Apple products. Thus far I have been more impressed with the Note II than the other devices I have tried with Android. I am in my 60's and my eyesight is not what it once was. The large screen on the Note II has made my life easier. I also  have a bit of arthritis in my fingers and the Note II seems easier for me to hit the virtual keyboard keys. Google calendar and gmail display beautifully on the Note II. The processor is very speedy. I was personally uncomfortable with the standard color on the screen. I was pleased to find that the note II allows color adjustment. I am using the "natural" setting which best fits my taste. It is also reminiscent of the color intensity on the iphone. I find that equivalent apps are available for my uses. I feel the Samsung interface is a little jittery. This was something I also disliked about the S3. The iphone software and hardware have a smoother and more predictable interface. I find the larger scale of the Note II is easier to manage than the other android devices I have tried. As a result my experience with the Note II is a big improvement over the S3. This is a big phone, but it will fit in a man's shirt pocket and it has not been a pain to carry. I do recommend the phone and would buy it again.

With Galaxy Note II and Smart Dock you no longer need a tablet, portable game console, home game console, media streamer, laptop/desktop PC, notepad and pen, etc.  This device has the power, versatility and features to do it all with industry leading battery life while still fitting in your pants pocket.  This is the future of mobility.

I've had this phone for about 6 months now. I will never own another brand other than Samsung again. My two previous smart phones were Motorolas, and while they were cool, they can't touch this thing. They were a bit buggy but I have't had ANY issues with the Note II yet. I LOVE IT.

I do not consider this a phone this is my first actual Personal Computer.  The only complaint is some dummy put the standby button directly across from the volume button.  But as far as the computer itself, Love It!

The price is what made me buy it. Having used it for 2 weeks it doesn't come close to the I-phone for style or quality. I'm going back and staying with Apple products. cheap imitations no thank you.

This is my 3rd Droid phone, and my first Samsung. What a difference. I was contemplating waiting for a couple more months before I got something else as my old Droid razr maxx was less that a year old. Don't get me wrong my razr maxx was an excellent phone with great screen, battery life and options. The Samsung Galaxy  Note 2 however is in a a class all by itself. Its sooo fast, the screen is truly brilliant and HD. The features make it a joy to use and everything can pretty much be accessed painlessly and quickly. The camera is so much better than my previous Droid creations. It has many settings for both the video and still images, and the images are brilliant in any light unlike my previous phones. There's so much this phone can do that I haven&#8217;t even delved into yet. So far I have only had it a few days and I cannot put it down its that much fun. Enjoy and get a Note 2 today you won' regret it.

Love the phone! Large screen, zero lag. Oddly enough the question most frequently asked to me, &#34;does it fit in your pocket?&#34; Yes, without a problem!Plus ordering through amazon I saved $100 over upgrading through Verizon!

I got this phone more than 10 days, The negative of this Samsung Note 2 is : the apps ( not the factory pre-installed apps, but the apps which download from google play ) CANNOT move from the memory of the phone to the external SD card ( support up to 32GB ). So the memory of the device (16GB) should be full pretty soon.

I've had this phone for a few days now and have absolutely fallen in love with it!  I moved from iPhone 4 and was a little worried about the size of the phone. But now it just seems normal. The screen is enormous!!! It eats iPhones up with room to spare. It responds super fast and has awesome features. I can't put the phone down. Battery lasts forever! I had to actually make myself play with it until about 1 a.m. after a full days use just to get it down to 5%.If you're coming from an iPhone without any experience with a droid. it might be awhile before you get the hang of the different OS but it is well worth it! S-pen features are great! This phone may actually make it past my next upgrade date.Pros: everythingCons: nothing other than you have to pry it out of my hands.

I am really loving this phone. The screen is fantastically vibrant and sharp. I love the stylus (Draw Something is so much more fun with it), the software is great and the phone really hums along. My last phone was a Droid Incredible 2 which I really liked, but this phone is so much better. It's only drawback it that the screen is so big that some one handed operations are difficult (I have small hands, so your mileage may vary). That one drawback is minor compared to the awesomeness that the phone brings. I had nearly decided on getting the Droid DNA until my wife got this phone a few weeks before my upgrade. After using hers my mind was made up that I had to have one too. The call quality is absolutely fantastic too.

I love this phone. I upgraded my Galaxy S 3 for this. I love the size (I have big hands) and especially the processing power this thing has. The S-pen is really handy with a lot of apps.

I have moved up screen size every year since my G1, to the Nexus One to the Droid to the Galaxy Nexus and now gloriously to the Note 2.  I'm 6'3 and have big hands and I've finally found a phone that fits my hand and it's awesome.  I think I have maybe pinched to zoom only 3-4 times since I've had it, tell me another phone that you can say that about.I don't have a lot to say that other reviews don't already say, but the biggest thing to note is that the battery life is phenomenal.  I'm talking darn near Droid Razr Maxx territory with a much bigger and better screen.  That's pretty impressive.

Everyone that sees my phone says, &#34;Wow that phone is huge!&#34;  Some with a negative connotation (iPhone users) and others wish they had this screen size.  I'm 6'5&#34; with big hands and this phone is perfect for me.With that being said, even I was worried that it would be too big but even if I didn't have as big of hands as I do, I would still recommend this phone to anyone and everyone.Plenty of power, great looking screen, but best of all if the S-pen functionality.  It works sooo well and I use it all the time to take quick notes.I would recommend rooting it and adding even more features.  Fantastic phone! 5 stars

This phone is the closest to a computer I have seen, with the most functionality.  You can multi-task by have two application open on the screen, as well as circle something on the screen you are looking at to make a screen capture.  I gave this to my son for Christmas but now I am thinking I want to get one for myself!

I don't like the phone part of the Note II.  I took the first phone back because I would hear a whooshing & tinny sound when the person on the other side would speak.  The 2nd phone had same issue, and was not going to try a 3rd.To eliminate myself from the equation:1) I had my wife call her mom with the Note II and talk to her for 5 or so minutes2) I called my in-laws with my wife's phone and handed her the phone3) Told mother-in-law to answer the call waiting4) Wife proceeded to talk to her mom for another 5 min using her Galaxy SIIIAfter she completed the call, she confirmed the difference and told me how annoying and unacceptable the Note II is.

I just bought this phone and it's really amazing. The instructions that come with it are minimal, so you may need to look up what certain functions do online... The s-pen is astoundingly practical, compared to what I imagined- a flimsy Blackberry stylus, and unintuitive screen. How wonderfully wrong I was! I downloaded Autodesk Sketchbook Mobile app and it really takes drawings to another level. I have an old 12" Wacom tablet, and this is as good as it ever was. I also have a Cintiq for work, but it's not quite at that level (in case you were wondering).I think the main drawback is hidden options. You have to go through many a menu just to do anything.There are almost too many options as well like: how do you want your phone to vibrate when different people call you... there are 5+ options including a heartbeat, jingle bells, and the waltz- who needs that stuff? I'm happy when you can personalize ringtones to separate personal and professional calls.Even though its length is approximately the length of a dollar bill, it's much lighter than it looks even with this big of a phone. I didn't have any trouble with the keyboard despite having broad fingers... there was more than enough space to hit the letters on the keypad with accuracy.Great phone for $199!

The Note 2 is my second smartphone. My previous device was a Moto Droid X and I loved it. My life was changed when I got my Droid X - I had almost instant access to every bit of data that I could possibly need. I'm not a particularly organized person, and having a smartphone helped me keep up with a busy life.After nearly 2 years, the Droid X was showing its age. 512MB of RAM and a single core processor isn't much these days. I was stuck on Android 2.3 (Gingerbread) with no upgrade in sight. ICS based roms were available, but Motorola's decision to lock down the phone meant that functionality was missing from ICS roms. It was time to shop for a new phone.The Note 2 caught my eye immediately. The large screen was a huge draw. I have a tablet, but it was too big to carry on a daily basis. My Droid X had a 4.3" screen, but reading documents on it caused eyestrain. The 5.5" Note 2 screen was just big enough to be a decent e-reader but small enough to fit in my pocket. It also weighs almost the same as the Droid X.The battery was another big plus. The battery in this phone is gigantic by smartphone standards. 3100 mAh is nothing to scoff at, compared with the Droid X's 1540 mAh. Many users have reported full-day performance with the Note 2. With my Droid X, I learned quickly to have a charger at home, at work, in the car, and in my backpack. In my first couple of days with this device, I have been using it heavily and going to bed at the end of the day with 20% or so left on the battery. That's impressive.The construction feels solid. Not as solid as the metal body of the Droid X, but well put together. All of the buttons feel great, with no wiggle or soft actuation. For such a large device, it fits into my hand well. The finish is slightly slick, and I'm handling it with kid gloves until I can get a case on it.Internally, the phone is well laid out. When you pop off the back cover, the battery, SIM, and MicroSD are all immediately accessable. A plastic overlay covers and protects the other internal components. I particularly like that I can insert and remove the MicroSD card without taking out the battery - A big gripe of mine with the Droid X was that I had to remove the battery to do that.Software-wise, I'm impressed with both Jellybean and Samsung's Touchwiz. Jellybean brings a lot of small but important updates to Android, and Touchwiz is a functional and nice looking software suite. Contrast this with Motorola's Blur, which I never really liked. The S-pen is amazing. I've not used it for anything "serious" yet, but for drawing, taking notes, and navigating the UI, it's pretty slick. I'm still experimenting with the split window functionality, but that's a neat feature as well.Performance wise, the phone is a hotrod. Apps download and install in seconds. Launching apps is nearly instantaneous. Switching between running apps is seamless. When streaming bluetooth audio to my car, I used to get pauses and interruptions in the audio. Not any more. It just plays.The display is equally impressive. The colors are bright and text is sharp. There are 4 color "levels" that you can choose from, from oversaturated to muted. I'm still deciding which level I prefer.This phone won't change my life as much as my first Android phone. The Droid X was a huge shift for me. The Note 2 is all that and a bag of chips. The larger screen, longer battery life, and scorching performance just make a great thing into a fantastic thing.tl;dr Great phone!

I purchased this phablet from Amazon.com and just love it!! If you plan on buying a Samsung galaxy note 2, make sure you get the Otterbox defender series case! It's a must to protect your phone or any phone.

I can actually read the text vs Iphone.LOVE it. Wonderful screen and imagery. Is not flawless but what is? The issues are minor annoyance vs real problems.

Big for a phone, but I use a  bluetooth. The larger than average screen is great as I am visually impaired. It is large enough to function as a tablet with the stylus. Bigger virtual typing keys makes for more accurate input, and dialing with the stylus or inputting data is almost as easy as using a netbook or even a mouse. I access websites to place orders for customers while out in the field. The voice recognition is phenomenal, producing few errors. I tried it in regular voice, whisper, and with a fake accent and get little or no errors. It picks up longhand from the stylus and converts to text and also does this surprisingly well, even if you have bad handwriting. Verizon service is incomparable and I have tried ALL the others! I got a much better deal on Amazon wireless than direct thru Verizon, as most carriers want  big upfront $$$ as the unit lists for over $700. Screen is very bright and sharp too. Camera is  8 MP and that is plenty. It rivals many standalone cameras. It's been out since last fall and is a real sleeper. The next model (III) is supposed to have at least 13 MP or even higher res camera. (Nokia is supposedly coming out with a 41 MP (yes 41 MP!) camera in one of their future models) Current 3rd party software allows an 8 MP phone camera to rival pro cameras in resolution and quality. The front facing camera is 3 MP on this model and it is plenty sharp. For additional memory up to 64GB it uses a micro SD card.  Samsung is releasing updated software to load APPs onto the card. Screens could always be brighter, but the screen on the Note II is one of the brightest I have tried so far, and as long as I am in a shadow outside I can see everything. Battery life is good so far, and they do have an extra capacity one available. I have waited about 2 years to get a smartphone that I liked and am glad I got this one. Got an Otterbox Defender with the holster and am happier than a pig in poop! They also have neat folio wallets with credit card, ID, and money pocket w/ pen. (So you can lose everything all at once and save some thief a whole lot of time and  trouble!) As far as  the size being a little big, it fits into my pockets ok, but the redeeming benefits make it worthwhile. It makes the iPhone 5 looka like a girley-phone! Conclusion: Whole lotta upside and very little downside. Was going to get a netbook, but this does everything I need and is much more portable and convenient.

got this phone as a gift for someone. it works really well, has great battery life, wonderful screen, very smooth operation.

There's not much to say, excellent screen size and quality, super fast response and never a glitch, S-pen does some fantastic things, altogether best android phone out there in my opinion!

My wife and I both got one and we love them. Still learning everything they can do but so far..amazing!

The Note II has many excellent features unmatched by any other product.Due to its Verizon 4G connection and high capacity battery, it can work as a hot spot all day.  My Clear (Sprint) hot spot would only run for 3 hours, so I had to carry three spare batteries.  The Note II hot spot functionality takes seconds to turn on (or off).  The Clear hot spot takes more than a minute to establish a connection.  The Verizon 4G connection is widely available.  Sprint seems to be turning off WiMax, as my coverage has been shrinking.  As a result, the Note II pays for itself as I can terminate my Clear hot spot.  And there is now less to carry.  The iPhone 5 4G as a hotspot did not have enough battery life.Due to its very good audio system, I was able to use it for a Skype conference the first day I had it.  The Skype connection from the regular conference room setup  was not working well.  I connected from the Note II, and suddenly everyone could hear and be heard.  The audio from the phone would have been enough, but it was easy to plug the local amp and speakers into the headphone jack, and continue to use the telephone's microphone.  It saved the meeting.Skype video conferencing is also excellent, and works really well on the go.Be sure to buy the Samsung HDMI output adapter.  There is a new standard connector -- the micro USB has 11 pins.  It works fine with regular microUSB cables for data and charging, but requires a different connector than previous microUSB HDMI adapters.  You will be amazed at the quality of the image on your HDTV.  BTW, position matters.  For Google Earth, for example, if you hold the phone upright, the image is narrow and vertical.  Put the phone in landscape position, and the screen fills with a beautiful high resolution image.The camera is excellent for a cell phone camera -- better in a resolution chart test than my iPhone 4.  Due to the height of the phone, the camera lens is outside of my shirt pocket, so it can take videos while in your pocket leaving both hands free (takes getting used to -- practice first).  Which brings up another point -- it fits fine in every shirt pocket I have, in spite of its size.  Be sure to do something that will keep it from slipping out when you bend over, though (antislip material, or a case, for example) if you chose to carry it there.AirDroid is a most amazing app that works really well with this phone.  Call it up in the browser on your computer, point your phone at the screen and press the camera icon, and it uses a bar code to instantly log in and allow you to transfer files at high speed between your computer and your phone.  This app is a breakthrough for me in increasing the utility of my phone.In fact, the phone is almost at the point where it can replace my computer.  With its quad core cpu, excellent graphics, and 64GB of external (microSDXC) storage, the addition of a bluetooth keyboard and external monitor turns it into a computer, with the phone functioning as a multitouch mousepad and Wacom graphics tablet (thanks to the S Pen!)It is easy to go on and on about this telephone and the apps available, like afterfocus and fast boot, and the fact that the video camera offers both fast motion and slow motion (240 frames/sec at standard definition).  While the still photo resolution of telephone cameras in general is not up to say a Canon SD780is pocket camera, the Note II's still quality is still excellent, and the video is wonderful.  Every day there is something new to discover about this great device (and an excellent series of tutorials on YouTube).Aloha,Steve

I love the size of this phone and can't see myself going back to a 4 inch droid ever again.  Fast, fluid, full of features, and the screen is beautiful.  Previous phone was Droid X that I loved, but this thing takes the cake.  I'm amazed how far the OS and hardware have come in just two years.  If you love Android and have aging eyes like I do- this is the one.  WOW!!

This is, without a doubt, the best phone I have ever used. I love the speed, the size, MOST of the additions from Samsung, the S-pen is cool, and the phone is stylish. I used to have an original HTC Evo with Sprint. This phone beats it in every possible category by at least quadruple. The screen is bigger, thus being much easier to use. The screen is brighter, with better color saturation. It can even be read in daylight with ease. The touch is more responsive. The phone itself is thinner and weighs less. The phone runs everything faster, and has a boatload more storage than the old Evo. The battery last forever. I haven't seen it drop below 43% yet. The wifi is faster. The 4G service on Verizon kicks Sprint's butt. Verizon has more widespread coverage, better coverage, and faster speeds than Sprint. There is nothing, not a single thing, about this purchase that I regret. Let me reiterate my previous points: The screen is gargantuan, super bright even in daylight with good color saturation, the battery lasts all day, everything on the phone runs super fast with no slow down, the wifi is super fast, the touch is very responsive, there is gobs of storage, and the service with Verizon so far is spectacular. ALSO, for anyone afraid of this phone's size, I am about 6' about 200 lbs, and I have learned to use the phone one handed within two days of having it.

LOVE this phone! Glad I got the Note 2 versus the Note 3; the camera is much better, the touchscreen is responsive, Svoice voice recognition works flawlessly. I couldn't be more pleased.

It is big but that was what I wanted for being able to do everything a smart phone can do plus make it easier to read my kindle books anywhere.

Having to get my Note 2 replaced for the second time in the six months I've had the device. The first just stopped charging after about 5 months, and the replacement's screen completely blanked out and now will not even start up after just over a month. Both with no physical or water damage, not rooted, no reasonable cause. Extremely unimpressed with the build quality on what is theoretically your highest-end device...EDIT: Now on my third replacement.  this is getting absolutely ridiculous...

Very good product I really like it .Easy to use and it just the right size. And it has a lot of features.

I had to replace my Intuition due to dropping it. So I had to pay cash for this one... ok, I used my Amazon credit card. So far I think that it was worth the $600 dollars. It does everything that my old phone did, only better. It also has some pretty cool features like when its hibernating, I can run my hand across the top and it will give me the time. Startled me the first time because it was 3 in the morning and I was getting a drink of water off the night stand... but it made a great night light. So far good to go.

I rate this phone a 5 star and would recommend it, I gave it a 5 because it is everything it say it is

Exceeds all of my expectations.....can't ever imagine having a different phone, I love the size too! Verizon is also a great carrier and the phone is amazingly fast! Has a great help app that shows all of the cool things my phone is capable of!

http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00AB7FVCYlove everything, its my second self and assistant. it will never be beat by another!!i love how it tells me my agenda, keeps battery and grows with me

I love this phone, it is a great product but don't get it with Verizon. Verizon is not a phone company for moderate to low income families. The rates are too too high.

The Sam Note II is a fabulous PHABLET!Great screen quality, quick speed and lots of applications easy to use and access.

It's stunning when you look into the screen.It's gorgeous,clear,I just can't praise it enuff.My son was curious,he has another top of the line phones.He came over and by the time he left he had put in an order for same phone.He says it is just incredible,and he is far more knowledgeable about phones.The thing he kept saying over and over was it's so much lighter than my phone yet it's so muchbetter than his phone. He is crazy for it as well as I am. The battery is good for 24 hrs.I just plug it into my car stereo and I can play my Rdio,Spotify,Rhapsody...oh it's pure heaven.New car.Honda Fit and new phone !!!The clarity of color is stunning.

Just a Daily show reference in the title. This phone is awesome. Large screen, great battery life, tons of cool features, and a stylus to boot. What more can I say. Great camera, awesome MP3 player, and $100.00 less than Best Buy or Verizion. I have read other complaints about it being full of garbage apps. The only ones that are on here besides what Verizion puts on here is the Amazon suite of apps. Kindle, Cloud player, and Shopping. I happen to love all three!!!!! If your really concerned about Bloatware then you should root your phone anyway. It's not a big deal to me. I joke with everyone who see's it and says &#34;Dang, is that a phone?&#34; I respond by setting it on the desk in landscape mode and pretend I'm typing on a laptop stating &#34;No, it's my everything!&#34; It's actually pretty funny. The processing power is like a computer, but it does fit in my blue jeans front pocket. Just buy it, I promise you'll love it.

I upgraded from an HTC DNA and can say that overall I am really, really happy with this phone. Screen is huge and if you are a business user and want something that truly does it all then there is nothing quite like it.

Came as expected with no issues in activating the phone.  The phone is great and has the capability to use as a phone / tablet.  Yes, it is bigger, but it is worth it!

Great battery life after owning a Motorola Droid Razr. Rich with so many features (just wish that there were more instructions. Download the tutorals from the play store).  As always, I haven't seen a better price anywhere.  Delivery was speedy and complete.

Love this phone!BEWARE about chatting with the support people on the Samsung site for this product.The two different times I chatted about technical issues were disappoinging. The people are not trained well and frankly they don't know what they are talking about. I have not called the help number 1-888-987-4357. They may be more technical.The support people on the chat will go through a procedure with you. If it is not resolved they will tell you to DO A SOFT RESET. If that does not work, they will tell you to do a HARD RESET. Don't do a HARD RESET, unless you want to start over again with all your settings.Issue number 1,I have recored video on the phone. (even small amount of video can create large file). I wanted to share it via email. So I clicked on my Yahoo email account and went through the process of figuring out where the file was stored. For me it was on my external micro sd card. So you must attach it. With yahoo email, I could not attach it. The chat person asked me to do a soft reset. This is shutting the phone off and removing the battery for thirty seconds and then starting up the phone. This did nothing for the issue. When the chat person told me to do a hard reset, I exited the chat conversation.RESOLUTIONI also have an gmail account. The file easily attached to this email account. But remember it can take a long time to process a big file.Issue number 2,I bought an external case that gives support to the phone. Nothing on the display. I started to adjust the "motion settings" on the phone. I thought it would be cool when the phone is sitting on my desk to just move my hand over the proximity sensors to awaken the phone to see if there were messages. I could not get it work. There are other cool "motion settings" as well that I adjusted that would not work either.Same answer as above from the chat person. But went so far to tell me that the "motion settings" have to be activated first by enabling the power button on the phone. Not only is this untrue, but it goes against the purpose of developing the "motion settings".RESOLUTIONWhen I had removed the case to do a soft reset, the "motion settings" worked. Yes everything worked without the phone in the case. I do not know why since the proximity sensors are on the outside top and not covered by the case. But never the less, my "motion settings" will not work with my case. I would rather have the case on for protection.If you have discovered RESOLUTIONS to issues, please post.Update- as soon as I posted the above, the "motion settings" now work in my case. I swipe from left to right. Sorry for the confusion. But it is all about the awareness and being able to figure things out as you go. Enjoy this fabulous phone. BTW if you are on a limited data plan, make sure in your home you have the "wifi" turned on.

First 2 questions I get when someone sees this device: is that a phone? Does it fit in your pocket? No, its a blender. No, it doesn't fit in my pocket I have to wear a backpack to carry it around. But seriously, it is big for a phone, but it fits in every pocket of pants that I wear easily. I sold my Galaxy Tab 10.1 and my Galaxy S III for this phone. I hate the word phablet, but it is truly both. The screen size allows for all types of media consumption comfortably. The hardware along with JellyBean make the Note II the smoothest Android experience to date. I mean no slowdowns, stutters, or crashes of any kind. Besides having the functionality of a phone, you get many features including S-Pen and a great camera, which in combination makes for something special, and a big battery for the long trips.I am not an artist, but the S Pen makes it super easy to experiment with. It is really fun and easy (once you know about them) to explore through the features, although I do recommend downloading "User's Digest: Samsung Galaxy NoteII" from the Playstore. It is a basic, yet informative guide that takes you through many of the S-Pen features. And there are many!The battery life on this device is fantastic. I am averaging 30 hours between charges with medium to heavy use (4-6 hours of screen time), and that's usually with 10-15% left (I don't like running the Li-Ion battery all the way down). There's now a battery on the market that more than doubles the capacity of the stock 3100 mah battery (obviously sacrificing bulkiness and weight) for those of you that never want to put this thing down. But for me, this is plenty of battery life and I am truly impressed considering the thickness and reasonable weight.The camera is great. There are many features including  burst mode, panorama, best picture, and many more. The camera has some trouble in low light conditions, like most cellphone cameras, but it still gets the job done. Under normal lighting conditions the results can be compared to a point and shoot. But where the magic takes place is what you can do with all of your pictures. The camera paired with the S-Pen functionality make the possibilities endless. You can hand write captions, easily crop and paste custom selections from anything that's on screen at any time by tracing with the pen, you can add all kinds of crazy effects and then easily share your creations instantly with NFC, email, text, Facebook, etc. As "slogany" as this sounds, it really does inspire you to get creative.I do have one criticism of the Note II. And it is by no means a deal breaker. The audio from the 3.5mm headphone jack. Music is not nearly as crisp or punchy as the Galaxy S III. I compared them both side by side. Bass is not as deep and sound range is tighter in general. You can compensate by tweaking the equalizer (I use a paid MP3 player app : PowerAmp, its awesome), but it's still not the same. I checked some forums and people seem to agree; most point fingers to the possible use of a weaker DAC chip (Digital to Analog Converter). Now, don't get me wrong, I still listen to music on it all the time, but it is a minor disappointment.Taking the time to learn and explore the features will make your experience much more enjoyable with this device. There's a lot packed in there, so be patient. Samsung deserves a lot of credit to have the balls to make a device that many people thought was too big and would never sell. I'm glad they took the risk because this is everything I've ever wanted from a phone/universal tool.UPDATE (2/1/13): After almost 2 months with the Note II I am still extremely pleased. No dropped calls. No OS crashes. No really big problems whatsoever. A few things that I missed initially: the camera has an incredible slow motion mode  that can record up to 1/8th of the normal frame rate in good quality. Very cool to see and experiment with. And it also offers a fast motion mode that is awesome for filming time-lapse's such as sunsets or road trips (mount it on the dashboard of a long road trip... very cool).Also, since my initial review I have rooted, unlocked the bootloader, and flashed a custom ROM. Please do a lot of research before you do this and also realize this will void your manufacturer warranty. With the custom ROM I am getting ridiculous battery life. The best I've seen so far is 63 hours of time between charges with 7 hours of screen time with the stock battery. This was predominantly over WiFi and in good cell coverage when I wasn't at home or work. Regardless, without the bloatware and running an optimized ROM this phone is even more beastly and it will only get better as developers continue to pave the way for this phone. Hop on the bandwagon now!

I don't like to write a long review, so here we go. I purchased this phone after tons of research on all smart phones available at the time. After my purchase, I do not have any doubt or cons about this phone. Fast speed with 2 days worth of battery life, you can't ask more than that. I am really happy with this phone and recommend it for everybody. Many people are wondering about the size of this phone. I would say it is just little bit bigger than your normal smart phone. You would not have any problem putting it into your jean pocket (gentleman). I love it!

I was thinking about upgrading from our Motorola Photon 4G phones with Sprint. I looked only at phones which had replaceable battery and being able to use an external micro SD memory card. My wife went to the local Verizon shop where a very nice representative demonstrated several phones to her. She spent some time testing the Samsung Galaxy s3 and the Samsung Galaxy Note II. She thought that these two phones had the best readability of the screens in direct sunlight inside the store.About two weeks later we took the advantage of a price drop and got two Note II phones. So far, I found only one weak point with the phones, but I found a workaround very quickly.Like all phones from Korea and Taiwan, the Samsung phones play a music when shutting down the phone and a longer sequence of sound when booting. To make matters worse, Verizon added its own annoying sounds. Fortunately, there is a free app on Google Play called Silent Boot. Check all options except the the box to disable the Airplane toggle and presto! - you get a silent boot as well as shutdown.Great phones - nothing comes close at this point in time.Added April 28, 2013Purchased the following accessories2 batteries per phone with wall charger (eBay)SanDisk 64GB Mobile Ultra MicroSDXC Class 10 UHS-1 30MB/s Memory Card with SD Adapter (NEW VERSION) from AmazoniBOLT xProDock Active Car Dock/Holder/Mount for Samsung Galaxy S 3, S4 & Note 2. Works with all cases. from AmazonBolse Micro USB Charging Dock Cradle with audio output for Samsung Galaxy s2/s3, Note 2, Note i9220 and table PC from AmazonStill testing which case is the best for using, charging, and inserting into the car dock.

Note II is ultrafast, graphics fantastic, OS is great to use.While difficult to fit in pocket, love the large screen.

Only had this phone for a month but so far it is great. Would recommend this to anyone.Cant wait till the Mega comes out.

I got this phone knowing exactly how big it was - that's one of the reasons I wanted it. I also purchased it because of the stylus, although I don't use it as much as I thought I would.It's fast and the display is gorgeous - better than my computer monitor.  The volume is amazing.  Prior to this, I had an HTC Evo 3D, and when I first played music on this phone, I thought that the (top) volumes were comparable.  Then I realized that the Samsung was set at the halfway mark.  The sound from the phone speakers is much better than the HTC Evo 3D, too - much richer (as rich as a tiny cellphone speaker can be).  So all in all, I like it.Now for the quirks:Verizon has disabled the infinite scrolling option, but only on this phone. I have no idea why.You can add an external SD card up to 64 GB.  However, you cannot move apps to the SD card without rooting the phone (aka voiding any warranty or insurance you've purchased).  The phone comes stock with 16 GB internal memory, so it's not as much of a hindrance as you would think.  It's just weird.Does not come with Samsung OEM headphones.  You can find them on Amazon for $4. Not a big deal for me, but again, just ... weird.You can't get your Gmail email on the OEM mail client - you have to use the Gmail app separately.  ??My husband wanted the Samsug Galaxy S4.  We've been comparing features, and there are many things that the S4 does that we haven't figured out or can't do on the Note 2.  Nothing terrible.  We just look at each other and say, &#34;Huh. That's weird.&#34;When I bought the Note 2 and the S4, they were the same price.  Honestly, if I had known then what I know now, I probably would have purchased the S4.  The phone isn't bad.  It's just that the things you can't do on it are odd.

Left Motorolo Droid, wife owns i-phone.  The size and beautiful display are worth the rating alone, but add Android and none of Appples restrictions on the Play store and this device is everything that 99% of the population could ask for in a device.

This is a great device with a great OS.Biggest benefit to me is the larger screen which allows me to use a larger font without breaking websites and email messages into tiny fragments.  I am 66 years old; no longer need my reading glasses to use phone or email/browser.Rarely use the stylus, but glad to know it is there when I need it.

My dinosaur flip phone broke in 6/12 i did without a phone for months until my daughter demanded that i come up to the 21st century and get a smart phone. I did my research and there was a tie between Iphone 5 and Samsung. i have an Ipad and ITouch so I was familiar with IOS. My wish was for something that could run flash,also a phone that memory could be added and also to be able to download movies and music without the finicky itunes permission. My decision to obtain the Galaxy Note 2 includes those wishes and more. I love it. Very user friendly. Large screen for reading with ease. People are not squinting when you share your photos. The pictures taken are of similar quality of the Iphone. Besides being speedy you can multitask on the same screen.  No wonder Samsung is  giving Apple a run for the money.  i am one who really abhors being tethered to a cell phone. However I love the tablet world. I have the best of both in this phone.

I love it I love it This is the best phone ever and I have recommended to all my friends.

Came to the note from a driod rzr. I have been a motorola phone guy since the &#34;brick&#34; phone days. They have always held up to my expectations. The note blows anything they have away in all categories.  Battery life is unreal for a large screen phone. Any smart phone I have had will kill a battery in 12 hours at my work where the metal roof drops signal strength to 1-3 bars of 3g, the note still has 50% after a full day at work and this is after being charged to full the night before.  Screen is superbly crisp and clean.  Love the stylus for quick notes in hand writing. Best phone I've ever owned.

I have been using this device for just over a month and I love it. I used to have a Motorola device before and this surpasses it in every way by a mile.I wanted a big screen device for browsing the web, reading, playing games etc. on the device. Since it's huge, it may obviously not be for everyone. I have average sized hands and one-handed operations can be a bit tricky. But I knew this before I bought it and it's not a big deal for me.Even though the screen is larger than most other devices, it is slimmer, and lighter than most of it's competitors. The display is awesome - bright and big of course. Love the stylus and the stylus Apps even though I don't use it as much (not yet). Love the features like Multiview, Eye track etc. There are many other (Samsung specific) features on this device that I still need to learn. Battery life is awesome (especially for such a big device) - usually lasts over a day without charging. And the software performance is fast and smooth. Camera seems to be about as good as an iPhone and have a lot of nifty built-n features.The only negative is that the back is not metal, just plastic, so it doesn't appear to be sturdy.  Also, it is smooth, so it may be harder to grip for some. I bought a slim case with rubber grip to resolve the issue.Good job, Samsung.

if you use your phone for almost everything like just about everyone does in 2013 then why not have the biggest screen and one of the best batteries? people will still buy the iphone because they want to be &#34;cool&#34; or &#34;trendy&#34; but having a phone that your thumb can cover almost half the screen is senseless i know plenty women who have upgraded to the Note because bigger screen means more info on the screen and not having to worry about a charging during the day. it has lots of features like voice command to take pictures and take a note on any screen which is useful when the caller is giving you a number. The battery lasts me at least 15 hours/day but i play games that require internet and listen to iheartradio on a busy day of work i got over 20 hours. if the Note 3 adds about 6 hours of battery and is 1080p ill be pre-ordering it.

Received my item as advertised and Customer Service @ Verizon was quite helpful. i will update my findings about this amazin device, nevertheless nothing any of you have not read so far.

After checking out the original Galaxy Note at Best Buy last year, I was very interested in the large screen and S Pen features, but since it was an AT&T; exclusive, I decided to purchase a Galaxy Nexus. The Galaxy Nexus was a great phone, but it felt like Samsung didn't really put all their effort into making it as premium of a device as the Galaxy Note or the Galaxy S II. Fast forward a year later and Verizon has finally started selling some truly fantastic superphones. I bought the HTC Droid DNA, another phenomenal phone, while I was waiting for Verizon to put their branding on the exterior of the phone in three places, but decided to return it to get the Note II. I'll do a little comparison of both phones and explain why I chose the Note II over the Droid DNA.Screen - Droid DNANothing in the world can touch the DNA's 1080p screen. Nothing. No matter how close I got to the screen, I could never see any pixels. Text looked amazing and colors were incredibly accurate. While the Note II has a "measly" 720p panel stretched over a 5.55" display, the screen itself is still significantly better than the Galaxy Nexus. Samsung chose to remove the PenTile pixel arrangement that it chose for the Galaxy Nexus in 2011, a choice that makes text and graphics on the screen appear much smoother. As it is a Super AMOLED HD panel, it is still going to have the fantastic blacks and supersaturated colors of the Galaxy Nexus (unlike the Droid DNA's LCD screen), but I actually don't really mind the saturation. Colors really pop, and since I'm not a professional photographer, I'm not enraged by the slight dip in accuracy for the increase in color intensity. The DNA's screen is clearly better, but the Note II's screen is still very good.Phone Construction - Tie (for different reasons)Let me preface this section with the statement that the Droid DNA has absolutely incredible build quality. The phone feels very solid and its designers clearly put a great deal of care into its creation. The Galaxy Note II, of course, is made of Samsung's trademark plastic finish. This, unfortunately, feels less solid than the DNA. However, I quickly found problems with the DNA's build, which was one of the reasons I decided to return it. The DNA is made of a mishmash of materials: soft touch matte black polycarbonate on the back, glossy black plastic on the front, red spun metal hairline finish for the buttons, and a different shade of red for the grilles on the sides of the phone. As an aside, these grilles are entirely superfluous, they do not enhance the sound quality of the phone in any way.After owning my DNA for 10 days, I noticed several things. First, I found several dents in the grilles on the side, something which was rather alarming for a company renowned for its build quality. In addition, the back of the phone started developing scuffs that would not go away when rubbed with a damp cloth. I did not use a case for this phone because I had assumed that the material would be somewhat sturdy, especially considering the level of care I had put into handling it. While the Galaxy Note II is indeed plastic, its exterior is much more scratch and scuff resistant. I have had the Note II for almost a week now and there is nary a mark to be found. Additionally, even if the back does get scratched up somehow, it can always be replaced with a brand new back, as it is user removable (perhaps you could even upgrade to one without two garish Verizon logos on it). I actually really like the "Hyperglaze" finish on the Note II - it looks especially handsome in dark gray. It adds something very sophisticated to the Note II's exterior that was definitely missing in my old Galaxy Nexus. The Droid DNA is slightly more comfortable to hold than the Note II, but for a 5.55" phone, Samsung really did a good job in making it as ergonomic as possible. Also, Samsung's button placement is far superior to HTC's. Who would ever decide to put the power button on the top of such a tall phone?? Oh wait, HTC and Apple...Internals - Note IIBoth phones have quad core processors (Snapdragon S4 Pro for the DNA, Samsung's own Exynos 4 for the Note II) which excel at annihilating lag. They also have 2 GB of ram, although I think the Note II utilizes it better than the DNA (which has to deal with the overly-vigilant multitask killing in HTC Sense 4+). They both have GSM/CDMA/LTE radios, which is a nice addition if you want to use your phone globally in addition to getting great LTE service in the US. I got great reception everywhere I went with both phones, definitely better than the poor radios in the Galaxy Nexus.Each phone comes with an 8MP rear camera, both of which take excellent pictures. They both have numerous features, including a rapid shot mode, but Samsung has significantly more. These extra features may be of limited use, but they are still fun to play around with. The Droid DNA has a wide angle lens for its front facing camera, so you can have more people in your Facebook shots, but the Note II's front facing camera isn't bad by any means.After this is where the phones really start to differ. Although each phone comes with 16 GB of storage, the Note II, thanks to its removable back, has an SD card slot allowing for a MicroSD card of up to 64 GB. I heard that Verizon forced HTC to offer only one 16 GB version of the Droid DNA with no SD card slot (unlike the Japanese version of the phone) because they want their customers to use more cloud based services (and of course rake in the money from tiered data caps). The Note II comes with a 3100 mAh battery, while the Droid DNA has a paltry 2020 mAh one, meaning that the Note II's battery is 1.5 times as large. In addition, Samsung gave the Note II a removable battery, a nice feature to have if you need a fully charged phone right after draining the battery. Fun fact, the battery of the Note II is the size of the iPhone 4S's entire screen.The Note II does indeed come with its defining feature, the S Pen. The display was built with Wacom technology, which allows for 1024 levels of pressure sensitivity (4 times what the original Note has), so this is definitely a stylus for content creation. I am not at all artistic, so my drawing exploits were limited to making a smiley face in S Note (which, admittedly, came out perfectly). I've used the S Pen for writing text messages and other text input, but I feel like the onscreen keyboard is still faster. As another aside, the S Pen is incompatible with the capacitive buttons on the Note II, so there are two shortcuts you have to use instead of pressing menu and back. You hold the S Pen's button and make a caret, ^ for menu and a less than symbol, &lt; for back. It's a little annoying, but I guess it makes sense.The Galaxy Note II comes with a RGB notification light in the front. It is not hard to miss when you have a notification, and I really like it. The DNA actually has two notification lights, one in the grille in the front and another to the left of the camera in the back. These can only glow green and amber, which is sad. Also, they are very hard to see and notice if you are not looking at them head-on, as they are recessed. Notification lights are one of the best things about Android in my mind, and I am very glad to see that both manufacturers included them.The Droid DNA includes wireless charging capabilities, which Verizon decided to remove from the Note II (literally, they covered up the wireless charging contacts with plastic), which is definitely a win for the DNA. I wanted a phone with wireless charging, but I'll live. On the other hand, the DNA has a ridiculous microUSB port door that I just wanted to rip off. Supposedly it is to make the phone more water resistant, but I don't know if that's worthwhile when the tradeoff is so obnoxious.The Verizon Galaxy Note II has a Verizon logo on the home button, unlike the Note II on every single other phone carrier. When I went into a Verizon store to ask if the screenshots on the preorder page that had the home button logo were true, the representative told me that I should be happy that they put the logo on the phone in so many places. Do you know why? It is because I wouldn't want my friends, or even random strangers, thinking that I had a phone on an "inferior" carrier like Sprint or AT&T.; They should know that I have the great 4G LTE coverage that Verizon offers...ridiculous. Fortunately, after searching for "Verizon Note 2 home button cover," I found that someone was selling stickers to cover that inane logo. I haven't received mine yet, but hopefully it will not be too much of a hassle. Spigen is also selling a set of home button covers on Amazon, but I didn't think that they matched as well as the eBay ones.Software - Note IIAfter owning only the original Motorola Droid and the Samsung Galaxy Nexus, I had never really experienced carrier skins, but I knew that when I was going to choose a phone that I would have to use either Samsung's Touchwiz or HTC's Sense. Both phones are running Android 4.1.1 Jelly Bean, but to me it feels like Sense is stuck in the past of Froyo and Gingerbread *shudder*. Samsung's interface feels much more modern and updated, with most things being very well integrated from Jelly Bean into Touchwiz. On the other hand, Sense feels like it just slapped some new features from Jelly Bean on top of its old interface. Samsung exclusively uses the blue accents Android gained in Ice Cream Sandwich, while Sense has a horrible amalgamation of Sense green accents with a smattering of ICS blue ones. Additionally, features that I really love about Android, like getting to see the entire body of a text message as it goes through the status bar without having to pull down the notification tray, are completely missing in Sense. Why HTC, why?Both phones have lock screen applications, which is definitely nice, but Sense gives you a built-in series of themes to choose from that lets you change both the lock screen as well as the color of all settings menus. This is nice, but half of them were pretty ugly, so I just stuck with one for the whole time. In addition, Verizon was nice enough to permanently install a good number of applications on both phones. Many of these can be disabled by going to Settings-->Application Manager and then clicking on the list of all applications to uninstall the ones you don't want, but some of them (like Verizon's visual voicemail client) are permanent.I think that Android has always had more features than iOS but that iOS has always had more polish to it. After Ice Cream Sandwich and Jelly Bean, I no longer find this to be true. Jelly Bean looks fantastic, and it is also very feature-rich. iOS on the other hand has stagnated. I owned the original iPhone and the iPhone 4, and other than the increased resolution (and the ability to add home screen backgrounds), the software on both phones looks practically identical. iOS, although once groundbreaking, now looks positively gaudy, with many of its apps containing over-the-top skeumorphic design - Game Center and Podcasts come to mind as particularly egregious examples. Android now offers a nice, clean interface that has finally caught up to iOS in terms of visual flair.Jelly Bean isn't the massive overhaul that Ice Cream Sandwich was, but it definitely has some nice new features that I enjoy using. By long pressing on the home button and clicking on the Google icon, you can get to Google Now. Here, Google combines information that it already knows about you into sets of "cards" that appear throughout the day at (hopefully) the most helpful time. For instance, when I bought a case and screen protector for my Note II, there was a card that told me that my package had shipped with UPS two day shipping, and it gave me the option to track it or view the confirmation email from Amazon. Google Now also tells you the local weather for the next three days, traffic home from work and other frequently visited places, and sports scores for your favorite teams. In addition, by saying "Google" or pressing the speech button while in Google Now, you can use Google's enhanced voice actions. Here, Google uses its algorithms to answer questions about people and places. You can ask it math questions, set alarms, send texts, call people, and do a ton of other things. Somehow, Google has done something to make these voice searches incredibly quick and accurate, often much more so than Apple's voice assistant Siri. If you want to see a funny video of the two compared, search on YouTube for "Google Search vs. Siri App Judgment" and skip to 3:31 in the video, it really shows how well Google's voice recognition algorithm works. Another feature introduced in Jelly Bean is expandable/actionable notifications. When I get a text message, I can drag down with two fingers on the notification to expand it to see the entire message. This also works with emails and many other types of notifications, as long as the developer has enabled it.Touchwiz has added a huge number of features to Jelly Bean. Here is a list of some of my favorites.-Notification bar toggles: these are helpful if you want to turn Bluetooth on or change the screen brightness throughout the day without having to delve into system settings. Unfortunately, Verizon decided that it wanted to have a Wi-Fi notification as a separate ongoing notification instead of being built into the toggle.-Call setting notification: when you're on a call, there is now a notification that allows you to turn on speakerphone, go to the dialer, or even end the call, which is extremely helpful.-Smart stay: when you're looking at the phone, if the screen is about to turn off, it checks to see if your eyes are still on the screen or not. If they are, it does not turn the display off.-Smart rotation: when you rotate the phone (like, if you decide to lay down), the phone checks to see if your head also rotated, or if you actually want the screen to change orientation.-One handed operation: admittedly, this is a big phone. With one handed operation, you can choose to shrink the keyboard, dialer, calculator, or even unlock pattern to one side of the screen, which makes using the phone with one hand a lot more manageable.-Blocking mode: this silences your phone at certain times during the day (for instance, if you want to sleep without waking up for calls or texts) with exceptions for certain people. Verizon decided that its customers did not need this feature, so they hid it, but it is easy to enable. Just Google "how to enable blocking mode on Verizon Note II" and there are plenty of tutorials showing how to get it back.Of course, Touchwiz has some annoying points, but I have found that I don't really mind it too much so far. I prefer it by far to Sense, which felt like it was always treating me like a child.MiscellaneousThe Galaxy Note II gets phenomenal battery life. On my Galaxy Nexus, I would be lucky to get 1.5-2 hours of screen on time, and I would always have to switch batteries by the afternoon. With the Droid DNA, I was getting around 3-3.5 hours of screen on time, which was enough for most days, but if I used it more than that, I was tethered to a charger. Yesterday, my Galaxy Note II was unplugged for 19 hours with nearly 6 hours of screen on time before it (and I) needed to be recharged. I just cannot believe how good the battery life is on the Note II, especially considering the size of its screen. You can buy extra batteries, but I'm not actually sure if I will, since my battery life has been so good.The Note II has many accessories available for it, unlike the Droid DNA. This is probably because the DNA is exclusive to Verizon whereas the Note II is being sold worldwide and on all the carriers in the US. If you want to get official accessories (flip covers, media docks, etc.), you should be aware that if you register your Note II on Samsung's website that they actually give you a 50% off coupon on all the accessories on their website, which is a ridiculously good deal.Due to its exterior, the Note II feels somewhat slippery, so I would recommend getting a slim fitting case at the very least. I got one from Amazon called the Ringke Slim and I love it. My S Pen hasn't scratched the screen (which is not surprising, considering that it is Gorilla Glass 2), but I decided to get a screen protector just in case. I'm not sure how necessary this was, but for such an expensive phone, it was worth it to protect my purchase.I hope that in this 3000 word review of the Galaxy Note II I have been able to answer all of the questions you had about it. If you have any other questions that I can answer, feel free to leave a comment below. The Galaxy Note II is by far the best phone I have ever used, and I am positive that I made the correct decision in purchasing it over the Droid DNA.
