
Great phone for a lot of people.Pros:- Great battery life for a smart phone. Lasted me over 24 hours with regular use of internet- Nice customization options- "Quick Memo" allows you to take notes on any apps, such as Maps- Very light and stylish- Generous screen size at 4.5"- One of the best Android phones for less than 200Cons:- Touch screen typing could be more responsive- Android OS 4.1 update may not be available

I bought this phone for my daughter and she loves it. She learns something new about the mini computer everyday. This is an excellent phone.

This is an amazing phone in the mid range category.It has all the functionalities of a smart phone. A perfect buy for me.

I chose this phone for many reasons. It's quality design, reliability, features, price and reputation all played a role in this purchase. I have not been anything but compleatly satisfied with my LG. It's a work horse and I rely upon it every day to perform the many tasks I ask of it. The LG Optimus L9 has shown itself to be the perfect choice in an Android, for me.I would recommend this phone to anyone looking for an Android device that is both functional as well as fun!

This phone has numerous problems, i don't even know where to start. Bad camera, horrible speaker/sound, slow, wont let me switch things to SD card, letters on keyboard are spaced funny and the word selection And/or auto correct is minimal. Have to end up spelling and correcting the phone!!!! etc etc etc. The dumbest smart phone I've ever owned.

Got it from T-mobile for my wife who loved it at first but battery has been a major issue. Constantly require a recharge. She hates it now because of the weak battery life.

it was everything that I thought. For the price, it is well worth the purchase. Very light weight, which makes it great

The LG L-9 is a terrific Android phone with logical menu topics that allows the user to find and change settings of all kinds. Phone is fairly priced, easy to handle and the camera is very good.

There are 2 flaws, 5MP camera and 4GB internal storage.It does not make any sense to compare this one with high-end phones, which have 8MP+ camera, 16GB/32GB/64GB build-in storage. For less than $200, this one is the most valuable phone in the market at present.The camera is not good to take indoor photos, but is good enough for outdoors. The memory allows you to install at least 20 apps/games.If you care about the camera and the limited internal storage, you may better skip this phone.

And I for one love this phone.  Large screen, good processor, thin, light weight.  Really it just does what it should.  I don't have any problems running apps, that another review mentions.  I have maybe 10 installed and could install a lot more.  SD card works fine for MP3s and movie files.  I love how it gets reception over wi-fi networks.Complaints?  The battery is just average, the internal speaker is terrible, and that's about it.  Sure there's bundled apps, but they're easily ignored.  Considering how cheap this phone can get and how cheap the service plan is, I'm extremely pleased with this phone.

It does the job so far so good it hasn't crapped out on me yet we will see in a year how fast it is out of date and they tell me they don't sell parts for that old phone any more

I bought this phone for my wife.  She is in love with it.  Does everything she wanted at a very affordable price.

I love this phone. Coming from an iphone user. Sleek design, great price, good specs, screen looks good. Everything works like its supposed to. I was also amazed at how good the camera actually is for a phone in this price range.

I have to start with the cons because thats all I can think about at the moment. The biggest issue that i've encountered has irratated me to no end. Despite having an SD card slot for more data memory it is USELESS. I encountered a storage problem a couple weeks into using the phone. I did not even have that many applications (I had 5 to be exact, that I had downloaded) when I hit a wall. I had to start deleting things and went to the tmobile store to see why this was happenning. We decided I just need to get a bigger SD card ( I had a 1 GB) so I invest in a 32 SD so i dont have to worry about storage for a while when it turns out that it doesnt matter if you have a bigger SD card all the app data was going into the internal memory....with no way to redirect it to the sd card. I talked to tmobile once more and I was told by the tech guy that this phone was not a good phone for apps.... -__- NOT only that the camera isn't impressive at all and surfing the web is quite slow too. Pros, good call quality, screen is nice as well, and pretty easy to use. This phone has given me such a headache though, that when asked for my opinion all I can think of is, " Bleh"

Still LOVIN the phone!!! Great!!

I've had no problems with this phone what so ever and it has really reminded me why I fell in love with smart-phones to begin with.

This is a solid mid-range phone. Great for the price.  Built well.  Decent screen.  Very light weight.I use ti primarily for wifi calling as I live outside the US.  And it is very stable with wifi calling with almost no dropped calls or missed calls that can be common with Tmobile wifi calling.My only negative is the complete lack of a notification light which means you can't tell if you got a message, call, anything.  You can't even tell if its charging.  But only 1 star off for that.

I've always been a loyal LG customer when it comes to cell phones due to the great hardware they offer off contract for reasonable prices. After leaving Virgin Mobile for T-Mobile (family plan) I needed a phone that worked on the T-Mobile network and after research found that this phone would likely be the best in my price range. Even though the specs are much worse than my friend's Galaxy Nexus 3, the responsiveness is much better and prompted him to root his phone due to being showed up by this cheap phone. Also, LG updated the phone to Jelly Bean recently through an OTA update. Highly recommended!

I ordered one more.....internet is fast and great phone. A lot of features, slim, the back cover feels so great and sturdy.....it got cheaper now.

I paid $180 for this while it was on sale. didn't have too many expectations but was pleasantly surprised. this is a very good phone that's lightweight and fast. the camera is quite good and overall it is a very fast phone.The one complaint i have is the outside speaker. it leaves a lot to be desired but i can live with that sine i don't use the speakerphone much.

Even though this is T-mobile monthly boxed device, you can use it as a 'bring your own device' add-on for a family plan for $10.  As, such, it's $50+ less than what they were demanding in local T-mobile store - which wasn't that bad of a deal either.Phone work well enough, surfs happily - the only hiccup was in linking a non-standard POP mail server.  Gotta look around for add-in apps to do that - or figure out a way to get to set port numbers, encryption scheme, etc.  Other good thing is a relative freedom from bloatware.Phone primary user is tween girl - and she loves it.  Great features for money, good screen, and with T-mobile in our area, a good overall experience so far.

Cosmetically its a 5 star rating, and its performance is also excellent. There is only one concern I have; the battery gets extremely hot. So! I will make precautionary purchase of another battery.  I believe the battery they sent with the unit is generic. Otherwise I'm pleased with my purchase thus far.

Pros:INCREDIBLE battery life. Best battery out of any smartphone I've ever used.Very fast and stable.Great form factor, beautiful design.Call quality is excellent.Screen is very good.Cons (kinda)Internal storage is lacking. You will need LGPWN and link2sd. Just google it.No automatic brightness sensor. However, you won't need it because the battery life is great. I keep mine on 80-100% all of the time.

great phone, especially for the price! Its fast, sleek and elegant. Has a great camera and lots of T-mobile apps that you probably will never use...

I have no idea how this phone has such high reviews unless it's mostly first impression and no one has gone back to edit it. After having this phone for over 6 months, I can honestly say it is the worst phone I have ever had in my life. There are so many obnoxious &#34;glitches&#34; that irritate me on a daily basis. Sometimes the phone is just flat out slow but other times, it completely refuses to cooperate. The text input doesn't work at times. The text box will be selected but it won't enter anything. My calculator has also started popping up every time I unlock my phone. Most of the time I have to restart my phone to send or receive a picture message. I've had music just start playing on it's own without the phone even being touched or moved. The fact that you can't move apps to your sd card is a HUGE issue since this phone has barely any internal storage. I rarely get notifications when I have voicemails which wouldn't be as bad an issue if the phone actually rang every time I got a phone call. I had the mytouch before this and never had any of these issues. I guess the only pro is that the stupid thing won't break. I won't intentionally destroy it but it has been dropped several times and the only damage was a couple scratches on the corner. (Threse problems were not caused by dropping it since it started happening prior to being dropped.) It may be a &#34;cheaper&#34; phone but I wish I would have saved money for a better phone. Now I'm stuck with this one until it breaks or my husband gets sick of me complaining about it and gets me a new one.

I finally had to get my own phone and plan after having a work provided phone for years.  I was very interested in trying a T Mobile monthly plan, since it was attractively priced and wanted a true &#34;smartphone&#34; without the financial commitment of buying an unlocked I Phone 5 or Samsung Galaxy S III (both of which looked like pretty great products).  This phone was an obvious answer after looking at options, using a pretty advanced Android system and having a nice range of features for a novice user.I have not been disappointed.  The phone has been easy to use and budget friendly.  It is NOT truly unlocked, as I could not just slip in a foreign carriers SIM card on a recent trip to Asia. The phone also provides wifi tethering (for a fee) which is useful when I commute and bring along my laptop or I Pad.  The negative comments about the camera and internal speaker are justified, but I still believe a phone camera is an emergency solution and not an alternate for a real camera.  If you are interested in trying out a budget T Mobile plan this phone is a good choice.

Nice phone but DOES NOT SUPPORT HANDS-FREE DIALING. You CAN use this with a bluetooth or 3.5 mm wired earpiece, but you CANNOT just tap your earpiece and speak the name of the person to call. Even if you download a voice-dial app, you still have to 1) find the phone (In your pants pocket? Jacket pocket? Under something on the seat next to you? In the briefcase?) 2) unlock the screen 3) find the icon on the screen and tap it 4) speak instructions into the app and 5) double-check the screen to make sure it heard you correctly. Please note that voice-dialing is not just some feature I have not figured out how to use: both my carrier and LG confirm that it's not available on this phone. Incredible. Not just stupid on LG's part -- AGGRESSIVELY stupid. Dangerous (and in some states, illegal) to operate while driving.

I love my new phone. It works great and is very light, it does drain the battery fast but its my own fault. I use it a lot!!

I'm not a gamer or a texter.  Mostly I wanted this to use as a do-all machine that I can easily carry in my pocket.  Although my Samsung Galaxy Player 5.0 is a bit bigger screenwise and has better sound, this L9 is faster, thinner, lighter.  Browsing the net on wifi is as quick as the connection you have.  I also read e-books and this is good at that.  Battery life is just OK.I replaced my Behold II with this and had no problem switching to the new (smaller) SIM card when I took it to a T-mobile store.  They did it for me and helped me save my contacts.  I use the no-contract .10/min service and have no data plan.I just don't have $500 or more for the S4 or HTC One.  At this price ($189) it's a good value.

Other than that, it's all good.I recently switched from US Cellular, because they left the Chicago market, and the company they sold to, is one I vowed never to use again.Before the switch, I was on a CDMA network, with 3G service, on a Motorola Defy XT. Single processor, Android 2.3. Waterproof, Gorilla Glass, solid reception, even in buildings.I picked up the LG Optimus L9, T-Mobile version, because of the Gorilla Glass, dual processors, processor speed, call quality reviews, external SD memory, removable battery, and the planned update to Jellybean. For me, this is a business tool, to make money. I need a solid, dependable, fast internet connection, great call quality, and the device has to play nice with my bluetooth headsets, and be able to run basic business apps.Well, the phone call quality is normally pretty good, as long as T-Mobile's reception holds up. It does drop calls occasionally, even when signal strength is full.The internet is noticeably slower than on my old 3G phone. That is a huge shock.As other reviewers have noted, sometimes the screen is unresponsive, and I have to zoom and/or reposition the screen image. Usually, I just have to tap the screen several times, but it happens frequently, and is annoying.Often, there are problems when I try to do manual edits onscreen; the touches don't register correctly, and the editor function doesn't work properly at all.I don't game, don't have a ton of apps.  The thing came with some bloatware installed, some LG, some T-Mobile. I disabled as much of it as possible, but it can't be uninstalled or moved to the SD card, and wastes a lot of memory space.Some odd glitches pop up regularly. For one, even though I've disabled location services, and keep the GPS off, a couple times/week, I find the GPS running, and have to manually shut it down, and reset the default. I used to think it was a lock screen issue - random inputs while in pocket, but that's not the case.I lose internet connectivity fairly often, and T-Mobile customer service has been very good about it, but there's a pattern of system settings changing intermittently, without any help from me.T-Mobile has advised me to re-boot the phone once a day, to keep it from losing internet connections. I do this, but still lose my internet connection daily. Sometimes I have to re-boot the phone, sometimes I just have to wait 10 or 15 minutes. When the problem persists, I call T-Mobile, and they trace down the settings, or reset the data connection remotely, and have me re-boot the phone, to complete the process.The Jellybean update apparently damaged phones, so it was halted, and I have yet to see it available, since I purchased my L9. Looks like Jellybean isn't coming to the L9. The phone's memory is far less than the 32GB memory card I purchased, and I'm not pleased about that. The Jellybean update was to allow the L9 to move apps to the card, among other improvements.The battery life seems less than middle-of-the-road to me, which really kind of sucks, for a product like this, released in late 2012.Don't get me wrong, these disappointments don't mean spending $ 400.00 to $ 1000.00 on such a device makes any more sense, it doesn't. There's a fool born every minute, and unfortunately, the cell phone makers are able to charge obscene prices, because well, we don't demand better.Yeah, it's a $ 200.00 phone. It should work like a charm.

a powerful cheap unlocked android phone currently running Ice Cream Sandwich but should get upgrade to Jelly Bean shortly. Note that until Jelly Bean update all apps can ONLY be store on internal memory which is about 2gb...

Im totally in love with it...Looks great, works perfectly. Pictures are not as bad as other reviews say. Of course if you used to own a 600 dollar phone you will notice the difference but you cannot beat the price. I would buy it again. FAST SHIPPING TOO!!

I bought this as T-mobile wants $240 for the same phone.  It arrived brand new in the T-mobile box, with all manuals, a micro SIM card (so you don't need to buy or cut down one), charger and cable.  I took it to a local T-mobile shop with a micro SD card I had from my previous phone and they quickly fired it up and switched my phone number to it.  I added the $10 for an extra 2Gb of data which also allows the wireless hotspot to be used.Pros:-Size very thin and light, little wasted space around the screen.-4G is quite fast though it varies depending on location.  At home I get 12Mbps down and 6Mbps up.  It's been as low as 1/6 of that various other places I've checked (using the speedtest.net app).-The hotspot transfers every bit of that speed to a tablet signed in to it.-Extremely good GPS.  Better than any other phone I've had (tested using GPS Test app).-Call clarity and controls are good.-Screen is very clear and responsive.-Bluetooth pairs quickly with no issues.Cons:-Storage: 1.8G, lot's of bloatware that can't be removed.-Speaker: Not very loud.Neither Pro nor Con:-Battery life.  I can generally go a whole day without having to charge.  It uses micro USB to charge so just keep spare cables in the vehicle and at work.I'm very pleased with this purchase.

This phone was what I hoped It'd be and more.  I really love how fast it is all around and how nice it fits and feels in my hand, which is one thing I found difficult with other phones because of my fairly large hands there just weren't alot of phones out there I could buy without it costing me an arm and a leg.So the rating I gave it basically came down to 4 stars because it lacked one major essential which I will get to in a min.- The Size and quality of the screen is great.- It's light weight and is well put together.- I love the big screen and how well all my apps look on it, the speed of the phone is definitely were it shines especially in it's price range.- Fairly long battery life, lasted me a whole day on one charge with using my phone for games, music and searching the web.- Though the camera is only 5 megapixels, it's Full HD 1080p video capture is terrific not to mention the pictures.  Though I recommend taking them in well lit areas as indoor shots tend to not look the clearest.Now to get to why It's only 4 stars....  The phone out of the box comes with 2 gb of space but with most of the bloatware, you really only see about 1.3-1.5 gbs.  I got this phone with the intentions of using my 32gb sd card that I had apps from my previous phone and to also expand on top of the little space the phone comes with... But sadly this is where i found the biggest upset... This device is not manufactured to accept the transfer or even download of apps on to an external sd card, so it renders my sd card useless as that is what I intended to do.  Why they decided to do this idk but It would have been great if It was shown somewhere in the product description that you can't download apps to your sd card..  Unless you root it but it's not worth it.Overall I love this phone, It's alot of bang for your buck, but if you really pay attention it would only make sense as to how you get such a quality phone, that doesnt allow external data storage.

first phone in the box did not bring me the headphones, second the phone is not released I had to pay here in Venezuela for me to release him, third battery not last even half a day I think this bad because in less than 3 hours without using it is discharged to 50% is tremendous phone but do not know what happened in there.

The worst thing about this phone is the camera, it takes terrible pictures (LG should be ashamed, they can do better). Other than that I like the phone; a little light weight for my taste.

Very fast delivery in an unopened T-mobile box. The phone its beutiful and great for its price. I am a Tmobile costumer and I though I will just had to change my regular sim card to this new phone but it uses a microsim. The good thing is that the box brings one but you still have to go to a TMobile store to activate it.

There is no doubt: this phone has enough features and performance to keep one entertained and the screen is nice. However, the phone did not perform when I needed it most - when trying to use the dial pad to navigate an automated phone system. When you are on a call and need to answer an incoming call or enter options in an automated menu, the dialpad just flickers away every time you try to touch the screen.  This renders the phone useless, for example, when trying to use phone banking or filling a prescription. Rebooting the phone does not solve the issue. I have never regretted a purchase as much as this one and I advise anyone who reads this not to waste their money on this piece of junk. The phone is simply not reliable. You'll be better off either getting an Iphone or Samsung Galaxy - or you can dumb it down and simply buy a feature phone. PS - the camera sucks.

I got this for my wife when her myTouch died. She is not a heavy user of smart phones, email, facebook, GPS, pictures and basic games like CandyCrush.For a user like this this phone is AMAZING. The screen is big enough to be useful but not battery draining. It does everything that you ask of it with minimal slow downs and the battery life lasts for about a day with moderate usage.The reason it doesn't get a full 5-stars is that the camera, while decent, could be a little better. If all you do is take selfies, and well lit pictures this does great. Once the light level comes down it starts to suffer.Also this gets great reception too (wait, a phone used for calls?). I have a phone that is 3x the price and there are times that my wife can get reception and I can't, kind of sad when you think about it.Again for the light to moderate smart phone user this is a perfect phone for the price. If you are a heavy user, multiple email apps at once,  high end games, and need crystal clear pics, this will get you by but you will see some performance issues eventually.

Not the ultimate smart phone on the market, and certainly NOT as expensive as one. This is a good one if you need to do all, period

I am very happy with this phone.  You just cant go wrong getting this phone for the money.  I gave it four stars because I would like to remove some apps that I will never use but can't.  I worry about running out of storage but never did. The call quality is very good. So is the texting.  Cameras are average but have many adjustments and flash.  If this phone get broken or lost I would buy it again.

My wife uses this phone for our stay in the US and it works great for her. She came from an iPhone 3GS and likes this more.

Love it! It's just what i hoped for. Thank you.

This is my first smart phone. All around, I think it's a good one, but I don't have anything to compare it to other than what I've seen on friends' phones.It's pretty sturdy. I bought a case and screen protectors for it. Since then, I've dropped it tons of times on tile floors and concrete driveways, and it hasn't broken. I'm pretty clumsy, so the biggest thing I worried about was getting a phone that wouldn't shatter to pieces when I dropped it.I was pretty upset, at first, with how they don't allow you to organize your photo gallery into custom albums, but since then, they came out with an update that fixed that.They also don't offer security to lock individual apps, so I downloaded AppLock for that.For gaming/apps, I haven't been disappointed with the performance. I play some games that use up a lot of RAM, but they still run smoothly.

My previous phone was an iphone 5, so this was an obvious downgrade for me. There is a noticeable lag whenever one downgrades to a slower phone, but whenever I remember that I saved $300, I stop complaining. The phone itself is very light and looks slim and sexy. The features and everything is pretty standard for any android phone. It's battery life reminded me of the iphone 5. It wouldn't last long whenever during intensive activities, but when I charged it, it would be full in maybe 30 minutes which is very quick. It wasn't a big problem for me because the chargers for androids are so cheap here on Amazon that I could have one everywhere I go.One thing that I like is that the screen is big and the resolution is great. It works terrifically for youtube and Netflix. The resolution for the camera is also quite nice with some great features like speak to take a photo.Cons: I have really big hands, but I was still unable to traverse the entire screen with my thumb, while holding the phone in only one hand. Although I think this screen size is perfect for browsing and watching videos, so I guess this problem is inevitable and just a cost of the screen size that I would gladly pay.Another thing quite noticeable is the slight lag whenever doing pretty much anything, from unlocking the phone, opening a program, pressing a text box to start typing, etc. I didn't expect it to be lighting quick for a phone in this budget category so it's really not that bad.Despite some small problems that are inherent when buying a phone for this cheap, you really can't beat the value for your dollar. This product is a no brainer unless you make a lot of money and can afford the best of the best.

I got this phone as a replacement for my broken one and it's barely less broken than the original. It has very little on board memory and you can't use the external SD for storage space for apps. Not sure why they'd even sell a phone this broken. Can hardly install any apps, can't use Google Play Music, etc.

This phone does everything I like and want. The only con is like most cell phones the battery has to be charged often.

I will briefly state the negatives and positives of this phone. In fact there are more positives then negatives.Camera quality is so so. I rarely use it for taking professional photos.Camcorder is ok. Don't expect clear image in low-light environment. Even the small built-in flash doesn't help. Outside in bright light is a different story. Still not the same quality of a dedicated camcorder.Internet is fast. Battery...hmm... I think for a screen this size it is adequate.The proximity sensor is something that I missed on my 2 other smartphones. Even the Galaxy S didn't have it which was very annoying when making phone calls.Did I mention the customizable quick menu bar? This is nice in the new Cream Sandwich.The negatives are:A whole load of bloatware from both LG and T-mobile. Some can be deleted, with rest not so lucky.The HOME button gets very frustrating when I have to press it 2 or 3 times to wake the phone. I don't know if it's a defect or a random glitch. But enough to cause a headache. The thing is, it doesn't always do it. Just random.One other downside is the fact that to answer a call one must perform a sliding movement on the screen instead of just tapping the ANSWER button/icon. With time this can get nerve-breaking. On the Galaxy S and many other phones a simple tap on that icon connects the call.And probably the greatest disadvantage is the sound. I am not saying it's not loud enough, in this regards it's average =ok. But when listening to music the sound feels empty. It does not have the lows and the bass is mediocre.I put my Sony Ericsson next to the LG L9 and started playing various same songs at the same time to hear the difference. The Ericsson had a full deeper and more pleasant sound and properly balanced. The LG was a disappointment. And I really count on a phone's sound for music as I use the music player more than any other application.Truly LG hit the hard bottom with its sound quality. Sony and Samsung surpass it in this field.But going back to my statement. The advantages outweigh the disadvantages so I still love the phone.

It's considered to be a budget phone but it is a lot better than some of the other T-Mobile phones that I have had. It is fast and recently came out with an upgrade to 4.1.2 version I believe. The best part is that it is easy to root and once it is rooted, you can remove the bloatware, which makes it even smoother. It cost me less than $200 and I would highly recommend this phone to anyone who doesn't need the latest and greatest.

I love this phone! Its totally worth its price and has great features. I would definitely recommend others to buy it.

The L9 is without doubt the best smartphone I've ever owned.  Granted, I've always opted for a mid-range rather than high-end phone, but I honestly cannot imagine how any $600 phone could perform any more smoothly than the L9 does.  In fact, truthfully, it seems faster and snappier than my Nexus 7 tablet with a quad-core processor! There is absolutely zero lag on the L9. Plus it has PLENTY of screen real estate.....a nice, generous 4.5 inch screen.  A recent survey found that phone consumers consider 4.5 inches the ideal size....and that's what she boasts. I spoke earlier about the Nexus 7 tablet....and I've also noticed that the sound volume on my L9 is about twice as loud as on my tablet. Perfect for music and videos!

I wrote the write-up under the phone cover instead of the phone here. Both items have served me well. I want repeat the write-up, but it is a good value.

what I am thinking of this phone I have been using this phone for almost 3 weeks now and I love it this phone had replaced my failing LG Thrill 4G that I had getting used to having only 3 buttons instead of 4 is pretty easy the camera quality is amazing and this phone is louder than the thrill which i really like i would certainly recommend this to anyone using t-mobile or a t-mobile based carrier like Solavei for example this and other I know also love this phone

This is my first smartphone, so I don't know too much about the technicalities, but I like it. The interface is similar to the ipod/iphone with a few differences. It's pretty easy to use and very customizable. I read in other reviews that it doesn't have much memory, so I bought a 16GB microSD card for it. I've had a few issues with apps crashing, but for my simple purposes (facebook, calling, texting, a few games, calendar, alarm, camera), it is perfect.

In the four months that I have been been using this phone, I have experienced nothing but problems.  The phone overheats, won't hold a charge, and seems to have a mind of its own, randomly changing my settings, hanging up in the middle of calls, drawing red squiggles across the screen, opening apps for no apparent reason, mis-dialing, and exhibiting a host of other problems. I would give it a single star, except that the price was good.  Actually, I suppose saying that the price was good for this shoddy instrument is like saying that I every time I go to the local burger joint I get food poisoning--but the prices are so good!

In images it is shown that these L9 are in black OEM boxes and not in Prepaid boxes bu I'm very disappointed to have received them in prepaid boxes but that makes my family thinks I bought them at Walmart anyways the phones are good I can't complain for the price has nice features and fast enough processor to get things done.

I was reluctant to purchase this phone when phones like the HTC One and Galaxy S4 look so appealing with their fantastic specs, but after crunching some numbers I decided that the LG Optimus L9 would be the much wiser decision for my budget.  On a whole, I have to say this phone delivers much more than I expected. It runs smoothly and, while it's processor isn't the beastliest thing on the market it sure is nothing to sneeze at. The screen resolution is nice and the call quality is also pretty impressive. My only real complaints about it are that it offers very little internal storage, forcing you to buy an SD card which doesn't even allow for the storage of apps and the poor quality of the camera. At 5 MP the camera on this device isn't terrible, but it certainly could be improved upon.

UPDATE: Last week, T-Mobile sent a patch to Android 4.1 Jellybean! I really like the subtle changes with 4.1, and the handset actually runs better with some apps. If you are on T-Mobile, be watching for it.I have been living with the Optimus L9 for about 3 weeks, and so far I like it a lot. I have been a Samsung faithful for the last 3 handsets I've owned, so I was reluctant to give them up. I got the L9 sort of by accident (or at least unintentionally) when I was looking for a way to save money on my phone, and for when my contract was eligible for a new phone upgrade. I really wanted the Nexus 4, or Galaxy S2 or S3, but after I had gone through the different plan options and found the one that saved me the most money (you can't get a better deal for a wireless service than through T-Mobile), I found that those phones were more expensive than I could afford because I was on a Value Plan that you pay a down payment for a phone, then make payments on each bill. The rep suggested the L9 and said it was a really good phone, and I could get it basically for free with my plan, so I went for it, and now I'm glad I did.The Optimus L9 is the upgrade to the Europe and Asia market L7 and the counterpart to the European and Asian L9 P760, which has a larger screen. The American-market L9 is the P769 only available on T-Mobile. The L9 is in a class by itself, a lot like the Exhibit 4G made by Samsung, which was also a budget mid-range device (I owned it and it's great). You could call the L9 the Optimus G's little cousin, but it has a ton of features that really don't belong on a sub-$100 phone. There are some impressive hardware specs here. Not the fastest or most cutting-edge, but good enough, and you can tell where LG cut corners to get the price down. There's no 8 megapixel camera, AMOLED high-res HD screen, quad-core processors, or exotic materials. What you get is in my opinion, the best budget phone out there. Period.I like how it looks. It doesn't look like it's cheap. This is made by LG, and every LG handset I have owned has been top-notch in terms of build quality and ascetics. It is made entirely of plastic, but it's high quality with no creaks or gaps, looks really nice and feels very solid in the hand. The back is pretty bendy, but feels very sturdy and snaps back into place securely with no gaps. It isn't a small device, about 5" tall, 3" wide, but only .36" thick, not as thin as the GS3, but still impressively slim. It weighs under 5 ounces with the battery. It has a soft-touch battery cover with a texturing on it to make it easy to hold, and it has a chrome strip around the perimeter. The front is covered in Gorilla Glass 2 and is completely flush to the phone's frame. There are only 3 physical hardware buttons: the lock/unlock/power button, volume rocker/camera zoom, and home key, which is mounted flush with the glass. All the buttons feel very solid and don't require a lot of pressure to work, but enough so you don't accidentally push them. The large button functions as a "home" or task manager button with 2 capacitive soft keys for menus and return functions.The software and hardware set of the L9 is impressive! It runs Android Ice Cream Sandwich v. 4.04 mixed with LG's UI and some add on's from T-Mobile, (which I didn't like). Everything is customizable and able to be personalized, menus, the lock screen, wallpapers, widgets, and home screens are all customizable, and all the menus and controls were easy to master. There will be a learning curve if you're coming from something like iOS or Android 2.2 or 2.3.6, but it's not hard to get the hang of it. The T-Mobile bloatware is extremely annoying. I was greeted by the Lookout app after every reboot and every app I downloaded. You can disable them, but you can't uninstall them. I really don't need things like T-Mobile TV, MediaHub, CMAS, Backup utilities, SmartShare, T-Mobile or LG's (I can't tell with) Smart Setup Wizard, T-Mobile Name ID (an optional paid subscription), Caller Tunes, Amazon, Bonus Apps, Chrome, Face Unlock, Contact Manager, GameBase, Google Play Music, Books, TV & Movies, Magazines, and Music, Google+, Lookout Security, More For Me, MobileLife, Social+, and Zynga. It really drove me a little crazy knowing I can't uninstall them without rooting the phone (and voiding the warranty). Messaging was a mixed bag. I am used to my Swipe keyboard and I fell in love with it, but was very disappointed with LG's version. It misspells words, grabs the wrong word, and often can't decide which word form to use, opting for a contraction other than a whole word. Very annoying when I need to text fast. Now I am back to mostly hunting-and-pecking like on my older Samsung phones.The screen is a very nice capacitive 4.5" IPS LCD with qHD resolution of 960x540, 16 million colors, and 236 pixels per inch. Certainly not as good as the GS3, One S, or Note II, but for under $100 you won't get any better. The screen is responsive to my touches, very bright, and I was impressed with the viewing angles and how well it performed in sunlight. It is easily one of the brightest screens I've seen in a smartphone. The ppi might be a little low, but the fonts and pictures and icons looked great, nice and crisp. You could see pixels if you looked really close, but otherwise you couldn't. Inside there's a dual-core processor. It's a TI (yes, Texas Instruments) OMAP 4430 1 GHz with the ARM Cortex-A9 GPU. They are paired with 4 GB of internal memory, over half of which is preoccupied with the OS and preinstalled bloatware, so you actually get to use 1.8 GB of it for apps and things. On the plus, there's a MicroSD slot that will take a 32 GB card for expansion. The phone takes a micro-SIM card, and both the SIM and memory card are underneath the battery cover. I was really glad to see that the SD card is hot swappable (thanks T-Mobile).For the camera you get a 5 megapixel unit with LED flash, plus a 1.3 MP front-facing camera. It records full HD 1080p video as well, not bad for a sub-$100 device! I am kind of picky about my handset cameras, and I found the camera to take pretty decent pictures overall. If you are switching from a basement 3.2 MP camera, you'll tell an immediate difference. You can definitely print these photos, and you'll be really happy with the results, but they aren't as refined as a comparable 5 MP Samsung camera on the Galaxy S line. Low light shots are very noisy and lack fine details that are present in shots in brighter conditions. The flash is a strobe-type LED that's decently bright and helps out indoor pictures, but outdoor shots in low light were still underexposed if your subject is more than 6 feet away. There is a decent assortment of photo tools and shooting modes to adjust to get the pictures how you want it, but not nearly as many as the Samsung or higher-end LG handset cameras. You can adjust things like white balance, ISO, exposure, color, image size (1, 3, 5 megapixels), image effects, shooting modes like portrait, sunset, panorama, and burst mode. There is also geo-tagging, smile shot, face detection, and a cool feature that snaps the picture when you say "cheese."The camera has continuous auto focus, so it focuses when you pause on an object. The shooting performance is really good. From focus to preview takes about half a second. The camera definitely doesn't reflect it's price though and most everyone I know who has seen the pictures was really impressed. Video recording is also good. LG says 1080p at 24-30 FPS, and I concur that. The videos look pretty nice, way better than 720 or D1 found on cheaper handsets. You do get continuous autofocus, adjustable video resolution from VGA to full HD, and most of the same functions of the still camera like color effects, white balance, exposure, scene modes, and video effects called "live effects" like funny faces, and different backgrounds that were pretty neat. You can use the flash as a video light as well.The battery is a 2150 MAh li-ion cell that you can remove and replace. I found to give pretty decent battery life. I got 2 days worth of using the web and calls before it was down to 10%.Functionally, I was very impressed with the phone's performance. Even though it's "older" technology in the TI OMAP 4430 CPU and ARM Cortex-A9, it's definitely not low-end or slow. Even at 1 GHz, it's easily as fast as the 1.5 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon S3 CPU in the Galaxy S2. I never had a problem with lagging, freezing, crashing, or choppiness when viewing web pages with Flash content, and scrolling as very smooth. I like to use my phone with mobile Bible apps like Logos, Faithlife, and YouVersion, which put stress on the phone when viewing pages full screen on a large screen, but I never experienced any issues. Google Maps and the Navigation used to really stall and trip my Exhibit up (even causing crashes), but not the L9! Web browsing with Dolphin was excellent, one of the best web experiences I've had with a phone. I was nothing short of impressed with the snappiness of this handset! The back did get warm under heavy CPU use though, but not enough to be alarming.Call quality was excellent. Voices came in loud and clear and I never heard any complaints from callers. The audio performance was a little rough though as the speakerphone was very tinny and sharp sounding at high volume, which I will say is really loud. The same translated to movies and music as well, which hurt audio quality. Reception was also great on T-Mobile. I got good reception everywhere I went, even in dead-spots for other phones. For data connectivity, the L9 runs on T-Mobile's HSPA+ 4G network. However, you don't get access to the full 42 MBPS data rates you get with the Galaxy S, S2, HTC One S, and Galaxy S3. This phone runs on the "slower" 21 MBPS modem, but that's not a huge deal as I would get about 5-7 MBPS up and 1-4 MBPS down. Not blazing fast, but good enough for most every need I had. Not really a huge concern to me because I don't have a ton of apps, but because this has ICS, you can't move or save apps to the external memory. For some, the internal storage would get filled quickly and make installing new apps impossible. A patch to Jelly Bean would rectify this, but I can't see that happening any time soon, if ever.So that's the L9. It's about as good as you can get for the price, something no other carrier can claim. The L9 was designed to fill an extremely important spot in T-Mobile's handset hierarchy, the space between the low-end, budget phones and the high-end flagship handsets. Their first venture into the gap was the Exhibit 4G, which I thought was pretty good. All of the flagship devices will set you back a pretty penny even with a 2-year subsidized contract, and are stupid-expensive when purchased off-contract ($600 and up). The L9 can be had for $80 on contract, $369 off, and is even more manageable when on a Value Plan. I pay less than $20 for both handsets on my monthly plan, and I will be able to upgrade in 20 months. I have no reservations saying the L9 will keep me happy for a couple years!Pros:Android ICS with un-intrusive LG UIDual core CPUHot swappable expandable MicroSD storageRemovable battery1 GB RAM, 4 GB internal storage5 MP camera with flash1080p video recordingNice 4.5" qHD IPS screenGorilla Glass 2 frontVery high quality materialsExcellent build qualityGreat call qualityCons:Over 2 GB of internal storage occupied by the OS and bloatwareLots of annoying bloatware that can't be removedCan't save or move apps to SD cardCamera could be betterBattery life is only averageHorrible LG "swipe" keyboardIt's not perfect, and it's obvious that LG had to cut some corners to keep the price low. There's no 8 MP camera with lots of functions, high-end processor, 8 or 16 GB internal storage, or super-high resolution screen. The camera could be better, so could the data speeds, and the loudspeaker needs some work, but for what it is, I can't find a better handset out there. I'm a Samsung faithful and have always had Samsung handsets after a poor experience with my LG Viewty KU990, but I would chose this over the Galaxy S2 on the basis of value. I can confidently say that you won't find a better value for the dollar out there.

I bought this as a gift and I was EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED the phone did not work it froze immediately and when I took it to the store to see what was wrong with it they told me there was a technical problem with the phone. I rated this 1 star because customer service was good about their return policy. 

I paid a lot of money for my last T-Mobile phone. .The Wi-Fi never worked.  Tried to have it replaced, T-Mobile blamed my router. Got this new LG Optimus L9.  Guess what, it was not my modem, or router.  This phone is faster, and nice and light.  I am really happy about this deal.

My only complaint is that if the phone is locked when a call comes in I have difficulty being able to answer the call.  I have not been to the T-Mobile store yet and hope when I go that they can correct it.

I really like this phone on my pay-as-you-go T-mobile minutes only account.  I have both wi-fi and bluetooth enabled at all times so the battery requires daily charging.  When not in my car and I disable bluetooth the battery drain is reduced considerably.

A parte de que me pusieron la bater&iacute;a que no era, luego de que la compr&eacute;, resulta que el tel&eacute;fono no prende!! No sirve para nada.Besides I put the battery that was not, after I bought it, is that the phone will not start! No useless.

The &#34;NEW&#34; phone AMAZON sent me was locked by T-Mobile since the previous owner did not fully pay for the phone. That was a couple of hours wasted on the phone with India.  Also the sim card was missing, the charger did not work, and the phone was dirty.  The phone was useless.  Walmart's Family Mobile (LG Optimus L9) worked for me since they use T-Mobile's network.  At Walmart, I know I am getting a new phone. Plus you can get their T-Mobile $30 a month, 100 min, Unlimited text & data pre-paid card while you are there. (or other pre-paid cards too)Amazon said for my &#34;inconvenience&#34; they would offer me free shipping if I bought the phone again...  What a waste of time.  Go to Walmart, or roll the dice on Amazon.

For the money it's good but a few downsides:1) The T-Mobile bloatware is awful and can't be removed. Always having to chase it off the screen like flies.2) The T-Mobile WiFi, especially for calling, would be terrific. But I can't get it to work at all for calls, even though it's turned on and connected to my wi-fi. Nice idea, bad execution (may be lousy wi-fi antenna?).3) The hot-spot would be great although right now my plan doesn't include it. Unfortunately I've read complaints on the hotspot feature that mimic my experience with wi-fi calling.Otherwise a nice flat holdable newer phone with decent camera and decent battery.

I knew what I was buying going into it and was very happy with the delivery time and it was exactly what was shown on the order. :) Great phone, brand new, works perfectly, and love how it came to me in a timely manner. Thank you.

This phone has good battery life and really good!!!! The only complaint I have is that you cant transfer any apps to your external sd card. Which is something I need!

The phone works great and looks good. It is a bargain for the price. I recommend it for those people who don't want to pay allot for a smartphone.

I was one of those people who didn't use a lot of apps. Facebook, instagram, and that's it. Camera is poop? No problem, I'll live with it. It's a cheap phone! Running recent-ish android. I can survive, coming from a flailing iPhone 4.WRONG. LOADS of hideous bloatware (thanks a lot, T-mobile). I tried to uninstall them by rooting - succeeded in rooting, but the whole process (to remove the disgusting pink apps) is so convoluted that I gave up, and this is from someone who regularly jailbreak their ipod touch. There is about 2gb or less onboard memory for you to use - or that's the case for me, having owned this for about 9 months. Apps cannot update because there is not enough space, and I assure you I only have less than 20 apps, most of which are essential (i.e. evernote, bank, chatting apps with friends overseas, ~2 picture editing apps?!, ~2 games) There is a way around it, which is to clear your cache religiously for everything, from facebook to instagram. This is extremely tedious.You CAN'T move or install apps to your external SD card. There is just no way.The battery dies extremely quickly even without me doing anything. Turned off sync, wifi, GPS and bluetooth, and nothing helped. Having no sync makes this phone a lot more useless. I purchased an extra capacity battery for this which helped.Internally the phone is absolutely confused. The directories are poorly named and there are about 15 different folders for my photos, even though I have only taken pictures from the camera app and/or instagram, since as I said above, there are no space for apps. It has an external_sd drive which is silly because it is referring to its &#34;internal&#34; memory which is essentially an SD card.Note - the camera APPEARS to be absolutely crap quality in the &#34;viewfinder&#34;, BUT when you go into the folders to open a picture, they are actually decent. Good surprise.Pros: Looks decent, thin with non-plasticky back, very little bezel waste. Sharp display and vibrant. (Don't bother using a black background as it wouldn't save you any battery life) Liked the ease of taking a screenshot and being able to doodle on it to share with friends. Doesn't lag if you don't have skins, or you're not opening apps. App opening speed is acceptable for its price point. GPS is accurate enough but not as dependable as the iPhone 4. Has some cute fonts.The music app is alright but it is hard to find the playlist function. BUT upon restarting the phone I found all my songs deleted from the playlists so I'm left with playlists with 0 songs... What's that about?! I have an SD card and I keep all the music in there. The phone has to scan the SD card before I can do ANYTHING on the phone, which is outright ridiculous. So, start-up till usable takes about 2 minutes.I absolutely regret this purchase. The resell value of this phone is about $50, and trade-in value is $20 for a fully functional device. So, it's almost worthless unless as a back-up phone. I can't wait to upgrade. My friend has the Moto G which sadly came out after I purchased the L9, and she's still really happy with it. So, check that out if you want a cheap but good quality non-crappy device. 2 stars is being generous.(Bought from walmart to use with tmo prepaid $30 plan with unlimited 4g + text, 100min talk - a hidden option on tmo site)

I bought 3 of these phones and they all works great.  Nice large screen, fast CPU, could use more memory, but can takes a 32 GB SD card, so that's not a problem. Except for the crapware installed by default on the phone (like every other phone), everything is good with this phone.

This phone has many many features. The interface is simple to use. Google app store has many great free apps for you to use =p

I am not a techy. I could care less about the latest phones and all of that stuff but I did want something to bring me into the 21st century. LOL. when videoing the picture can be a little dark so I do see the difference with this being a mid level Android phone but I am good with it because I don't do a lot of extra anyway. I don't utilize it to handle bills and bank accounts, although I could. It is a great phone.

Just realized this bad boy plays 24/96 Hi-Def Audio. Have had this for over a year and just discovered this feature. (Use with PowerAmp ap) Just pop in a 32GB MicroSD and you've got room for a lot of music. (Realize- minimally compressed 24/96FLAC files can take 10x the space of a 228 kbps mp3 file) Seriously, if you have any interest in music at all, you owe yourself to check out what you've been missing. Now on to the phone itself....seriously lacking in on-board RAM, so you're limited to what you can run (simultaneous aps) and in the number of installed aps. That said, I still give this phone 4 stars, b/c I primarily use it for business, Works great with Google Aps (Drive, Gmail, Calender) Just wish they would support Google Sites. Bought 3 of these for my kids, they love em' but you do have to charge it every day.

New to the smartphone arena but not new to smart devices.  I was debating on what phone to get, what features I would be using and most importantly, what service provider I would go with.  T-mobile offers a $30/month plan w/ unlimited data and texting but only 100 minutes.  I don't call people a lot but with some useful apps, wi-fi and 4g calling bolster the amount of talk time I can get with this phone.The phone itself:So far, I am truly enjoying it.  I can only think of one thing that bad about this device is the lack of the app switching button.  I guess LG removed this feature but it's still a great device.  Fast, longer battery life than I would expect out of a smartphone, I leave in the morning around 7, get back home at 10 and it's at 56%.  For regular usage web surfing and some videos here and there that's pretty good.It has a vibrant screen and an okay camera.  I don't take a lot of pictures though.  One thing I'm missing about smartphones is the exclusion of FM radio.  May be a "deal with it," kind of gripe but if the Galaxy Player can have one, why can't smartphones have them too?T-mobile data service is pretty good too.  4G speeds are adequate.  Have yet to try it out while I'm away from the home area code though.If you're looking for a phone that's not uber-expensive then I'd recommend giving this one a try.  I was looking at the Galaxy SIII mini and HTC Evo X but was hesitant about spending $300 on a smartphone.  My budget was right around $200 and I feel like this phone, I'll stick with for the long-term (that is until I'm making Tony Stark money).Hope this is useful to those smartphone shopping.

Just what I was looking for in a phone.  Easy to use, easy to customize, good features, good battery life

I got at $179 dolars and it was a bargain for me, i like the celular, it looks nice and fulfills all my expectations...

I got this phone because I was new to the smartphone market and it was on sale.  I realized in about 2 weeks why it was so cheap.-Missed a call because the screen froze when I tried to answer-Dialed the wrong person because the screen froze when I was scrolling through my contacts-Sometimes text messages are just &#8220;pending&#8221; for 20+ minutes for no apparent reason when I send them-Restarted itself for no reason when I was trying to use Google maps-In fact, don't even try to use Google maps on this phone.  It'll just freeze.-&#34;x is not responding, would you like to close it?&#34; on a daily basis, several times a day, whenever I try to use Snapchat, Twitter, Facebook, Instagram really anything-Screen flickers sometimes for again no obvious reason when I try to pull up some apps-Tried to call one of my friends and it just kinda paused on the dialing screen while not making any call whatsoever-Keyboard freezes when I try to type anything-Hope you don&#8217;t want to take a picture of anything right away, the camera&#8217;s inevitably going to take a minute to open and then sometimes for extra fun just not respond and you&#8217;ll get an error message-When camera &#34;works&#34; takes terrible photos anyway, even for a phone camera-DID I MENTION IT FREEZES ALL THE TIME?-Oh, and no storage. &#34;Hey, let's make a smartphone without the storage capability to run things you specifically bought a smartphone for!&#34;, said the geniuses at LG as they crapped out some plastic and circuits and called it a day. Don't even bother buying an SD card, you can't put any apps on it, so it's another waste of money.This doesn't even get more than a star for value despite being dirt cheap because it can't perform the functions of a basic pager. It&#8217;s a phone that can&#8217;t do basic phone functions like text and call, nice.  My previous non-smartphone accomplished those things fine, so glad my family paid for &#8220;superior&#8221; technology.  Do recommend if you enjoy muttering profanity under your breath as you try to do a simple function such as check your text messages.  This phone is so terrible I feel a personal obligation to save the rest of society from its menace.  I highly doubt LG will be getting any of my money again short of a full refund and a press conference citing their debilitating narcotics addiction that led them to believe this phone's creation is any less than an abomination.

this is a gift I bought for my friend and she was totally in love with this product when she received

(Note:Avoid sellers import verison that don't include the US 1-Year Warranty. Look at the seller policy hyperlink first before running the risk of getting screwed.  Amazon should force sellers to state this in the conditions column,not force you click 3 links)Features+12-hr. Talktime or 5-hr. Web Browsing with a removable battery($20 Spare and Charger).+Pop in a mircoSIM card and your ready to go phone.  Unlock-able after 40 days of T-Mobile service.+Very fast Ti dual core with 1GB RAM, small 4GB Storage.  Performs like a turbocharge 4cyc family sedan and comparable to the 2011 Samsung Galaxy S2. Will have trouble with desktop websites.+Sharp 229ppi 4.5 inch Bright IPS-LCD screen with No Auto Dim.+A joy to use with the layout of the buttons and menu navigation.  A good balance between simple iPhone and bloated Samsung Android phone.+Wifi signal and calls are clear with fast 23mbps 3G HSPC datalink.  GPS signal is OK to Good.+Good selection of $6 cases and endless Android apps.-Major CON- Only has 4GB(1.8 App Usable) storage. Your have to root the device to get 2GB+ apps to save on the SD card slot. For non-Rooted phones, you can cache large data on the SD card slot.-CON-Mobile site are very fast, but the full-size desktop websites can slow the phone down..Usable camera with slight noise and camcorder.  Will not beat the Nokia 521 in this department..Audio and speaker are OK..Nice design and durable weight for HQ plastic phone.Precautions-Based with many online complaints, stick with the original version 4.0 ICS software for better battery life and less errors.  Don't update to 4.1 JB just yet. Wait for 4.1.2 or 4.2.-Avoid using NONE genuine chargers that cause a possible fire over nightRecommended Apps/Accessories to make the phone much better+Cache App Data on the SD card in the App Setting.+32GB Sandisk/Samsung SD card. May fit 64GB with right exFAT format.+$2 Swiftkey or AI Keyboard App+FREE-Boat Web Browser or Dolipin Mini  Web Browser+$20 for 2 spare batteries and a charger for the frequent traveler.

First, I did not buy from Amazon, but paid a little bit more (not much).Now: this phone is quite good, excellent sound, and few minor problems (with the phone dial-pad) were fortunately resolved by a recent firmware update.Battery life, is not so good, I wish LG made a version with a battery with more capacity.I have ordered a battery with twice the capacity (about 4A/h instead of 2A.h approx.) this should help !Form-factor is superb: neat and slim phone, with outstanding graphic quality ! I do not like the brick-size in my pocket large smart-phones, only justified if you wish to watch TV, or perhaps are vision impaired.Documentation: (this criticism is common to all Android phones) is not good enough. Android is great but some simple things are hard to understand, for example, could I get email without Wi-Fi ? Or what are the applications which can be safely removed (too much crap-ware!).T-Mobile: I have been a t-mobile customer for five or six years... not bad at all, but the call messing system is not so good:1) Some phone calls do not register... or you have to listen at many old messages before you can listen at them.2) Cannot "rewind" to repeat the last 10 or 15 seconds of a long message (usually to get a phone number, without listening the whole message again), like other phone companies allow you to do.3) It seems that using this phone GPS requires a special sign-up and perhaps some extra charges: this is unclear, it does not look like an honest deal.4) Same comment for tethering: it may an extra charge, which is not mention when you join... this should be very clear !T-Mobile could help with better on-line documentation, using customers calls to technical support to create a FAQ.I would buy this phone again, very good compared with others !A.G

I absolutely love this phone. It arrived in brand new condition and the price was cheaper than what T-Mobile wanted. I have had zero problems out of it and I have owned it for almost 2 months. Great phone for the price and I definitely recommend it.

This is a pretty good phone, it is not too laggy when just doing normal stuff and performs pretty well overall, but the battery could use an improvement. It does run Jelly bean with lg's software written on top of it, which isn't the best, so I just got widget locker and action launcher and called it good. But one major thing is wrong. It only has about 2 gb of usable internal storage. But you can just use an sd card, right? Wrong! They have removed the move apps to sd card feature and I have rooted my phone hoping to find a solution only to find none, so rooted or not you barely get 2gb of storage. I think the fact that lg made the sd card almost useless makes this such a deal breaker.

After being unhappy with my previous phone, I picked up a L9. If you're a T-Mo customer and don't care for the Nexus this is the next best phone to pick up.UNBOXING. Along with the usual you get a micro SIM activation kit. As an existing customer I simply headed down to a T-Mo store and moved my number from the old mini SIM to this one at no cost.HARDWARE. You'll definitely want to get a case for this phone if you're paranoid about dropping it as it feels delicate. 1 GB of RAM should be enough for most; I'm a pretty hard user and I hardly ever run out of memory. You get a 5 MP rear camera which gets the job done. I would avoid shooting 1080p as the recording hiccups on occasion. 720p works well. The front-facing camera sucks; don't expect anything special from it.SOFTWARE. This is a mixed bag for me. You get v. 4.1.2 of Jelly Bean which is fine if you don't care for the newer minor updates. The phone ships with a gripload of bloatware; expect to disable quite a number of things. The interface is mostly responsive but can lag after a while. One thing to note: I've never had to do a battery pull. Yet.There are a few nice touches brought over from the world of dumbphones. For instance, you can set speed dials for your contacts. This saves me from a few extra taps over to the Favorites tab in the Contacts app or from having to create shortcuts on one of the home screens. You can also display a custom banner on the lock screen.GPS locks can be frustrating with this phone and is most noticeable using navigation apps such as Waze. Sometimes the phone will lose GPS at random times for seemingly no reason, even with a clear view of the sky.I have still yet to figure out if this is an issue with T-Mo or the phone, but when I drop to 2G (EDGE) I can't get ANY data whatsoever. I didn't have this problem when I was using an unlocked phone with a T-Mo SIM.T-Mobile's Wi-Fi calling is baked into the ROM and I would consider this a killer feature. If you can get Wi-Fi, you can call out similar to the way Republic Wireless works.STORAGE SPACE. You're limited to just 1.8 GB of internal space. But here's what really gets under my skin: The internal space is considered the "SD card." Many apps are hard-coded to assume that the path to your SD card is at /mnt/sdcard and will dump all of their data files there. Those data files can really add up. If you do get a microSD card, you're pretty much limited to storing photos, video, and music (and of course, whatever else you put on there from your PC).BATTERY LIFE. I get about 10 hours with moderate usage.CALL QUALITY. Decent, depending on your signal. Then again, you have Wi-Fi calling at your disposal. ;)BOTTOM LINE. This is a great smartphone for the price and I would recommend it for those who want T-Mo's Wi-Fi calling baked in and don't mind a bit of carrier branding.

The phone itself is very light, thin and somewhat stylish but I find it a bit difficult to handle while trying to work with one hand (scrolling/selecting name from contact list, dialing, etc.) due to its larger, wider size. But all this comes with the reward of a larger screen and this is ideal for people who are constantly utilizing the phone for internet data instead of the more casual uses such as voice calling and texting. Calls made are crystal clear from both ends, but of course that all depends on the reception. I use T-Mobile's 'Wifi Calling' (a must) since I get ZERO bars inside my home and it helps a great deal! The L9 has a huge 80s-style dial pad which feels good to the touch. You can also set it to touch vibrate along with a sounding tone. In fact the whole device kind of reminisces the 80s with its sharp features and rectangular shaped body except for all the extra high tech internet stuff. There are however a few major drawbacks on this phone; one of which is lacking an ambient sensor for the screen display. This means that you'll have to manually set the screen brightness to 'high' when used outdoors, and lower it back down during evenings -- unless you're okay with extreme brightness glowing in dark environments. The other small nuisance would be the 'Home' button -- where it requires a physical push. It's not a big deal but definitely not something you'd expect after getting used to all the soft touches. Despite some minor negatives, the L9 does come packed with a beefy Li-ion cell rated at 2150mAh and for this; battery life is excellent even with Wifi turned on all day. Here's the breakdown of some of the features I personally find either a plus or minus:Camera (5MP): not the easiest to use and not the greatest.Video Camera: great 1920x1080 HD videos!Speaker: adequate for casual conversation and news videos, but not for music playback.Internal storage: only 2Gb left after bloatware and software installation. I bought a 4GB MicroSD to store photos.Screen: nice and big for videos but hard to view in bright daylight, and lacking ambient sensor control.Battery: plenty at 2150mAh!Bluetooth: slow to recognize device and does not initiate automatically.Overall, the phone isn't bad if you can find a nice place to hold it, in my case it would be in my rear jean pocket (NOT the best place). Like I mentioned, it is quite some work when trying to initiate a call with one hand while driving because the phone does not provide a good 'grip'.

looking for a nice phone with 4.5&#34; screen, dual core fast, not lightning like say nexus 4.unlock it use it with ATT & ATT MVNO service.  this will work as is with simple mobile or other t-mobile MVNO.

It is not soft, malleable, rubbery. It does not easily slide from your hand, so it may feel rubbery to some people.

For a no contract phone, this is one of the best for the money. For $179 you get a phone that basically has the same features as the $650 phone such as the HTC One or Galaxy S4. Sure, the resolution of the screen isn't as good nor is the camera but from a FUNCTIONAL point of view it's on par. You can play Angry Birds or Candy Crush, tweet or update your facebook status just like any of the big boy phones. The camera is 5 megapixels, which is on par with the iPhone 4, and back in its day, the iPhone 4 had a nice camera. The camera on this phone is more than you need to take pictures of food that you will later post on Instagram, and the front facing camera is good enough to go wild on taking "selfies"It has a dual core 1ghz processor, which makes everything very fast. The UI is silky smooth running jellybean. I'm a huge geek with gadgets and I can tell you right now that NOBODY needs a quad core processor. What do you hope to accomplish with that much speed and power? If you want to play xbox quality games, get an xbox. If you want professional camera shots, buy a camera.For prepaid fans, this is hands down the best phone to get. Out of the box, you can run Platinumtel or Simple Mobile, or any of the MVNO's that support T-Mobile networks. For people that want AT&T; prepaid services such as H2O Wireless, this phone can be easily unlocked. Call T-Mobile and they give you the unlocking code and instructions. I'm personally running H2O Wireless because AT&T; has better service in my area than T-Mobile and the HSPA+ speed is phenomenal.For people who want to root their phones, they have a very easy method, just google LGPwn.apk.Pros: Very thin, light, and gorgeous screen. Fast UI. Easily unlocked. SD Card slot. Basically all you need in a smartphone unless you want the gimmicky features of the higher end phones for 500 bux more.Cons: External speaker for watching movies or listening to music is very low and tinny. Use headphone. 4GB internal memory is a huge bummer as you can only install apps to that 4GB, the SD Card can only be used for media files such as music and movies. The 4GB is used for the actual apps. There's probably a way through it but I don't know as of right now. Also make sure you turn off background data or you will eat through your data plan just by having the phone turned on. That's an issue with all android phones. This phone also runs very hot from doing anything, but maybe it is because it is very thin and I don't have a cover case like I do on my iphone 4s, which probably gets hot as well. Tons of bloatware from t-mobile is everywhere on this phone. Root it to remove the junk.Overall: Best phone for the money. $179 no contract and it can work on AT&T.; AT&T; no contract phones CAN work on T-Mobile but you will be stuck on EDGE unless your area was refarmed to use 1900mhz but T-Mobile phones will run on AT&T; no problem. It has its problems like all android phones inherently have but the price point is unbeatable.The only other unlocked phone I would consider is the BLU LIFE PLAY sold on amazon as well but it is $229.

I'll leave my original review down below but here is my updated change to a 1 star. LG and T-mobile have released Android 4.1.2 jellybean and it has ruined WiFi. By ruined i mean you will not have the option to use WiFi on this phone, it will not function. Neither LG nor T-mobile give a crap about the issue and they refuse to fix the issue, so until they decide to fix it I would not recommend anyone buy this phone. If they do ever fix it my review below explains how it is alright, but without WiFi this is junk! Thanks for nothing T-mobile and LG.----I'm going to start with the negatives because people have an extreme lack of knowledge regarding the negative areas and how they reflect to the phone.Cons:1. Camera, it's pretty crappy quality compared to what's out there today, but people forget that this phone is $200 or less with no contract. The phones they compare it to cost $200 with a contract ($600+ phones without a contract). You can't compare a Hyundai to a BMW folks.2. No apps to SD card. This is annoying, but this is googles fault not LG's. When they developed android 4.0 they stopped letting you move apps. Also this is a budget phone. And 2gb is enough for your basic apps. if you need music you can load that directly to your SD card using your pc, which is really the point behind the SD card.3. Random features it doesn't offer. This is a Miscelleaneous category basically to address the fact that people constantly come up with random stuff this phone can't do. this is a $200 phone, not a $600 phone. don't get mad that the $600 phone has capabilities that this doesnt. You get what you pay for.Pros:1.Battery life. My phone usually runs over 1 full day before charging (with me stopping to charge around 20% of the battery left). My nexus s died after 5 hours of mediocre use.2.Speed.the phone just processes quickly. on basically everything.3.Price. This phone is $200 without a contract. My old phone was $150 with a 2 year contract i then paid $8 a month for insurance, and when it broke after a year and a half of use (completely on its own, it wouldnt turn on) i had to pay $100 claim form. altogether i paid $394 for a phone that's a piece of junk and could never do what this phone does. The only thing the other phone could do better was take pictures.Hands down this is the best phone in its price class. It can keep up to the expensive phones, but obviously is not quite as good. But when you say you can get a $200 phone with no contract that does as good of a job as a $600 phone, that's impressive. The savings in the long run alone make this phone worthwhile.

This was an upgrade from the Optimus T.  Still learning all of its tricks but so happy to have more memory.  Very easy to set up and battery life seems exceptional!

This is one of those phones that will probably not get the 4.2 or even 4.1, but the phone has enough to offer the user.The phone runs smoothly with its Dual-Core 1Ghz CPU. If the phone has enough memories it can launch games just as fast as my Nexus 4 which has Quad-Core 1.2Ghz CPU.Also This phone supports the HSDPA+ 42 network. that means faster download and uploadIn the Seattle area I am was able to get 10-12 Mbps Download and 1-3 Mbps upload which was faster than what I got from my Home internet from Comcast.under 300 this phone is great for non-power users.One flaw is the Home button. Its way too flush with the screen so I just tap instead of pressing, but that is something most people could get used to. Try it out near t-mobile store and buy it.

Love the phone just takes forever to learn a new system.  If you are a high tech person will be no problem.

I love this cellphone... Dual core, 1Gb of RAM memory, Nice camera lens, Second VGA cam... Very thin and very light... This mobile makes me forget my &#34;very good&#34; captivate.

Awesome phone for the price, battery life is good, but the camera is a little crappy, hopefully it gets updated to android 4.2.2

No problem at all.  Open the package and start using.5 star for value5 star for quality3 star for apps loading time.For $200, this is the best you can get.

I've owned my phone for about 4 months now and my lg optimus l9 review will explain how I became interested as well as my likes and dislikes about it. At first glance it appeared, before I knew anything about it at all, like it was going to be overwhelming to use but it's o.k.I love all the cool features it has over and above the typical basic stuff like the wi-fi. With a new phone number app you can use the fully functional telephone free, providing you have internet hi-speed wi-fi. you simply engage the wi-fi on the phone then get your new free phone number configured through the signal and walla you got free phone service, as long as you're within range of your signal or any wi-signal..So I give the lg optimus l9 a thumbs up for that one. I like the option to get all the apps that you can use for traveling. This phone is like a mini PC to me! I can pretty much do anything with it that I can use my pc for and in some instances faster! Like social networking, bookmarking and also adding or watching direct video streaming. I can actually make a tweet or post a comment or even add a movie to my net flix account from anywhere and do it at a couple of clicks from the l9.I love all the features but i also have some peeves about the lg optimus l9. This review will include some of the things I don't like as well like the button locations. While i'm not exactly sure where else the developers designers  could have put the on/off button but right where it is isn't working for me. The volume button is in a bad place as well as the operation of the movie camera. I found that trying to make a video was a bit of a challenge by myself and where the buttons were located.The lg optimus l9 has a speaker deficiency problem. For me the sound quality on the external speaker isn't nearly what it needs to be. You can set the phone next to something to kind of reverberate, there is a docking/charging station available for this, that's supposed to enhance the sound and make it better sound quality but even that is only so good.n I didn't think that it enhanced the sound quality that much.The only other thing that I didn't like and am going to add to my lg optimus review is I am constantly searching for it because I have a tendency to set it down all the time as opposed to putting it in my pocket like I did previously owned Flip phones. I even dropped it a few times already because of the weight of it. i had to get use to grabbing it more securely when I pick it up, lucky for me I had purchased the special rubberized case that envelopes it quite securely and does a nice job of protecting it I must say.All and all though I still like my lg optimus phone. It's like I said like having a mini PC with you, GPS all in one!ThanksSalamei

Overall great phone. Runs android 4.1.2 pretty much out of the box, and it runs well. Keep in mind this is no GS3/4, but it does the job and does it well.

I had to replace my Motorola Atrix HD after its wifi stopped working.  After returning HTC One, Nokia Lumia 521 (both due to some malfunctions) and Samsung Galaxy S3 being lost by UPS, I bought this one. I compare this to HTC One, which is $400 more.  To me, HTC One is a great device but compare to LG Optimus L9, it's only a little bit better and so  higher price is not really justifiable.What's great about the price is that it's easy on the wallet to replace if I break it by dropping etc.  That's why I don't buy $29 case for it.  I would use that money towards buying another $150-$200 smartphone.  Also when you buy a case, you defeat the designer's purpose because the designer designed it with you in mind, how you would feel the phone without the case (Not that this phone's design is cool or anything).Make sure get a microSD card.  There is a way to install app on microSD by default (google it) .  This is needed because very soon you will run out of space if you install lot of apps, music, movies.  There is this app called ES File Explorer, which makes it easy to make microSD your default directory for saving music/data/movies etc.

I have a Nexus 4 but T-Mobile refused to give it Wifi-Calling. I live in a home with no T-Mobile coverage and really need Wifi-Calling to make and receive important calls. This phone did the job for me. It is almost as fast as previous own Galaxy Nexus. Jelly Bean update made it faster.Pros: strong radio and wifi signal, good priceCons: bloat T-Mobile junks, hard to root, no support from xda developers, no ambient light sensor

So far so good. Bought it for my son and he likes it a lot. This is the second LG Optimus I've purchased from Amazon, the first was a newer model but they both work great and I would recommend it to anyone.

because I like shopping, only take long to reach the destination  and did not come unlockedwhich I genus other additional costs

It is considered cheapest Android phone with a lot features.  I bought it because other carriers charge arr and leg for family plan.  It is a good phone with good reception

VERY BAD PRODUCT, asked for a new phone and upon arrival noticed that the headset does not work without headphones came apart, and the battery seems to be used by download each time, I would like to replace this product with the same but better.

Well i just bought this phone and now i noticed that the home button does not work. It so frustrating having to press the back button all the time. I just received the phone last night. I have been trying to contact the seller but i dont see where or an e-mail or nothing. So i would recommend not to buy from here, if there was a way to contact them i would probably think diffrent. Am kinda mad because the phone is very nice i just wished everything worked. :(

Although it took many weeks to receive, once it did arrive it worked flawlessly. I've had it working for over 6 weeks and so far I have nothing negative to say about the product except that the battery charge could last a while longer. I recommend it

I absolutely love this phone!! It has great speed, it is light weight, it has great front and back cameras, and it was a great price! The only down side to this phone is it does have a lot of pre loaded apps that cannot be deleted and your apps cannot be put on the SD card which causes a lot of background programs to run at all times taking up RAM. What I did to fix this is I bought a 4GB microSDHC card and put all my music and pictures on the card to free room on the phone. This phone is capable of getting all the features any new android updated phone has! Just make sure to buy a good case with this phone, because it is very thin and small it falls and can brake easily!

The price is great compared to other comparable devices.  It is easy to use.  You need to spend some time to learn how to use a lot of its capabilities.

I bought this phone 2 months ago because it has great reviews, and it deserves all of them. I used to have a Samsung GS2 which was expensive, and I lost that phone. So I am done with expensive phones. This one has most features that high end phones have. The key differences are lower memory storage and Camera specs. But you can get an 8gb memory card for a $10 or $15, cheap. 5MP camera seems low compare to the high end phones, but that is plenty for amateur use, and it is pretty fast. Other than that, touch screen and buttons are responsive, and never freezes on me. The home button can wake up the screen, which was missing in the GS2. It has good grip (not slippery as the GS__) and cool design. Before I decided to buy this one, I had looked at GS3, GS4, and HTC One. Those are good, but not impressive. The one thing I am missing the most is that most smartphones don't have the LED indicator that notifies you about things when the screen is off. That is so Stupid! Anyway, I don't have a lot of time to write a thorough review, but I thought it would be nice to give an honest review of the product for my fellow Amazoners. :)

I love this phone and would have given it five stars, but I didn't know that the 32g card I purchased separately would not hold apps. I don't really need that much space for pictures and music. I have to delete apps whenever I want to add apps.  Found out that was a google decision. Anyway, I would have still bought this phone because the price at $180 was great with no contract.

The android version used in the phone doesn't allow installing apps in sd card. It comes with 2 Gb of  internal memory and it is almost filled with the default apps itself. Both LG and Tmobile is not interested in releasing an android update(newer android versions allow this) so that SD card can be used. Think twice before buying this phone in case you want to install a few apps from playstore,

Prior phones were Samsung Galaxy S and iPhone 4.  This phone is fast, smooth and runs latest version of Android.  I prefer it to either of my prior phones.  And for this pricepoint - Amazing!  I love it and feel that for the price it is a steal!  Also with T-Mobile, no contract.  Pay month to month, and for $50/month I get 4g speed, voice, text AND Hot Spot!!!  Thy beating that price elsewhere.  Add 2nd phone for $30 and each additional for $10.  Between the phone and T-Mobile offering I really made out!

Pros:&#62;big screen&#62;quad band(world phone)&#62;very fast user interface&#62;android OS&#62;long battery (comes whole day with 1 hour 3g talk, checking mail every hour, web an hour, music over Bluetooth and WiFi always on)Cons:&#62;missing NFC&#62;not that good camera&#62;carrier branded(not a big deal)

Absolutely terrible device. It has reaaallly slow processing speed, lots of bugs, and is really unreliable. I would invest in a more expensive phone, rather than this piece of junk.

I've owned smartphones from Samsung and HTC - this is by far the best phone at a reasonable price. Excellent processor, excellent internal memory. This is a great phone. I use for business and personal - highly recommended. Battery drains rather fast, but the phone really works well.

Received my phone was used however looks brand new Love it, I had a delivery issue with my post office not Bluedot and they made sure they contacted the post office and tracked my phone and made sure it was delivered they kept me updated on my phone progress..Rate them very high the attention, promptness they show there customers is EXCELLENT! !!!!

SUMMARY. I have owned the phone since 3/1/13 and it has exceeded my expectations. I paid for 200$ for it and I am not going to expect this phone to have features that 700$ phones have. This is the only phone that is both "Brand Name" and has 4.0 OS.Link to Manufacturer site. [...]PROS-Light, Thin, Large dialing buttons, camera flash (could be life saver)CONS-Camera is okay at best. Once you learn to click and tell the camera what you want to focus on, the pictures improve.-Physical (click click) HOME button. It is matter of time before dirt / water gets in there.-LG and Tmobile have loaded it with crap / bloat ware. You can remove some things but not all. The phone is still not slow.DETAILED FEEDBACK BY DATE. I would like to come back and update this as I learn more but no promises.3/1/13 - I purchased this phone directly from tmobile's prepaid phone website for 200$. It meets the intial expecations. Large dialing buttons. 4.0 is stable OS and there is hardly anything missing as compared to 4.1.UPDATE 4/15/13 .. All the initial feedback is still true.Camera results are much improved once I learnt to be a little patient with it. The voice shutter function is not consistent. This could be a user error.Few things I learnt.Press power and home button together to do a quick screen capture.

This is a good phone. It does have expandable memory by using a microSD card but there simply isn't enough internal memory for all my apps (I don't load many, just the typical ones like Amazon and Facebook. No games and I don't storage music). T-mobile does have a lot of factory-installed apps loaded in it and those take up quite a bit of space and cannot be uninstalled. Only the updates to these apps can be uninstalled.Overall, the phone is fast. The camera is ok and has flash. The touch screen works really well. And the price is good for this phone.

The best phone I have ever owned or used. Everything works excellently and fast. I strongly suggest giving this phone a shot.

I like this product better that the last order that I made, its flexible and dynamic. I will like to recommend it for other buyers

Bought this for my wife as a birthday gift.  I could not afford an S4 at the moment.  After using this, I couldn't think of a reason to spend hundreds more for an S4 or an iPhone.  I have a single processor for myself and the dual processor on this one definitely is a big difference.  Very fast!  We are using TMobile's prepaid service and since this has wifi calling, it rarely uses my wife's minutes and even on text messaging.  There's wifi at her workplace and at home and she doesn't use it while driving.  So her $10 load lasts a loooooong time!  I will get another unit for myself!

I found out after my purchase that LG has decided not to access the code necessary to allow installation of apps to SD cards. Therefore the internal memory is all the space you have to install applications, and half of that is filled with the phone operating system and resident apps. Mechanically it's fine.

pros:Big display very fast phone 1ghz dual core processor no lacks beautiful U.I micro sd card slot, decent camera, lightweight, stylishCons: the L9 Lacks an ambient light sensor for automatic screen brightness adjustment little storage space 1.somthing gb of internal storage

I just got my phone on saturday! and so far i love it!! battery is great!!!  is fast, big screen, it feels great in your hands. Camera is not that  great tho, but everything else works fine. I give it a 5 star!

Reliable cell phone. Timely delivery, and as large as the Samsung Galaxy for half the price. Has all the apps..Great phone to have!

At less than $200, this LG was a bargain. I was actually considering spending over $500 on a Samsung Galaxy but I quickly came to my senses when I remembered that my kid will need college money one day. So here are the PROS: Excellent call quality, easy to navigate through menus, large screen, quick and responsive processing, has expandable memory, camera is decent and offers voice shutter response and panoramic shots, has a QuickMemo app built in which is where you can draw notes on a pad or on the screen, has a physical home button, and has a rubberized back cover which helps protect the phone. Here are the CONS: Comes with bloat ware installed, the battery doesn't seem to last very long (but it could be the apps I'm running), MP3 player has just so-so sound quality, the "answer call" swipe thingy can be stubborn when the phone is locked and I've actually missed calls while trying to swipe "answer call" over and over, the dialpad will frequently go black when on a call so that I can't input numbers, the power button is very small and I have to press it very hard to get it to engage. The worst thing about this phone for me is that it is so full of preloaded apps, hardly any new ones can be downloaded. There just isn't enough memory. The expandale SD card only works for photos, videos, and music it seems; not for apps. This is a bummer.Overall, I'm still happy with this phone and would buy LG again but only if I'm able to download more apps.

Been using this phone for about a month now.  This is a good phone for the price.  It has a decent-sized screen, good resolution/quality, and feels solid.  It has plenty of features and responds quickly.  Battery life is quite good and the sound is fine.I took a star off due to poor sensitivity of the screen (with or without a protector) and all the bloatware you can't remove from the phone.  Otherwise, it's a good phone.

Excellent Smart Phone for on the budget people.  I had it for over 8 months and still running strong and well.  I always had more expensive smart phone $600 and up in my 12 years with TMobile and this phone is just as good if not better then the most expensive ones.It is super fast on internet or opening and closing application, as well from the complete shut off  to complete ready to use start up is faster then any Samsung up there (I always had Samsung from Vibrant to the latest version which I returned and saved my money), camera does excellent photo quality indoors and outdoors, video quality is remarkable sharp, comes packed with the newer Android version plus it automatically updates by itself in regards with its firmware, screen looks beautiful indoors or outdoors, upgradable to a higher sd card if you choose so, and it looks better then Samsung S4 for my taste.  Not too big and not to small, just the right size, very thin and very well build.  I updated the battery immediately after it arrived 8 months ago with a more powerful one, and I still have 25% left over at night time after a lot of use with the internet, GPS Navigator, lots of phone calls, web search, music, and 8 months later.  I even try for two days the Samsung S4 and took it back for a complete refund and remarkable amount of money saved, as for the difference of $450 between the two phones it does not justify what so ever.  (TMobile does allowed their customers within three days, to return the product for complete refund if not complete satisfied with the purchased product).So if anyone up there have any hesitation on purchase this product, I will say go ahead do it before it completely disappear from the market, you will not regret and you will save a great amount of money.

Tried to activate phone via T-Mobile , wanted to transfer my account to this phone using a new sim card. To my surprise the phones IMEI number had been reported &#34;Lost &#34; which translates to stolen to me. The phone came in it's original packaging. The representative stated that their was no way to unlock the phone , only the person that reported it &#34;Missing &#34; could do that ? Giving credit to Amazon, after returning the phone I received a prompt refund including the return postage . Way to go Amazon. This has not deterred me from ordering from Amazon in the future.

The phone is the best bang for my dollar vs. others in this price range.  You can always find another phone that is better for $50 more and then one better than that one for $50 more etc. So set your budget and go for it. Since t-mobile has the best deals on the plans and you buy the phones out right this is a good deal. T-Mobile halted the jellybean role out for these phones for now due to issues with it. You can always root and flash the room to what you want. SD card is only used to store pics,  music,  but not apps. That is why I have dinged the phone rating.

the phone has no camera function and freezes abnormally so i will have to mail it back tomorrow because i can't do with that kind of a product

THIS IS THE BEST PHONE I HAVE EVER OWNED. BOUGHT FOR THE WHOLE FAMILY. USE ON A DAILY BASIS. KIDS LOVE IT ALSO.

Daughter loves her new phone. It's thin very quick with the net, hopefully the gorilla glass will hold up to it's reputation.

dis fone be da bomb yo, yawmsayin? knowutamean fools? really doe. betta ak somebody nickolus. rollin on dubs whoop dee whoop nickolus what

My old phone was cracked and I was tired of it, I asked T-Mobil if there is an alternative to get a new phone and they told me the only way is to get an upgrade. I'm against upgrading my line so I ordered this and it works better than getting a new upgrade!

I've had the phone for a month now and its still running great.When i first got it there were no scratches on the screen and it even still had the plastic covering around the edges.I received the phone quicker than i expected witch was a nice surprise.The phone is quick and so far i have no complaints i defiantly recommend this company if your looking for a phone  there quick ,and have good quality products with an added 30 day money back guarantee.

This phone was terrible. It wouldn't dial half the time, then it would drop calls and I would have to turn off the phone and turn it back on to get it to call the person back. My text would hardly ever send and it was not my service) I have the same service now and none of these issues).However, the seller has a great return policy and returned my money with no issues.

I am using with Walmart Family Mobile.My Samsung seemed to get better reception in my living room.Other than that - I like it.

I bought two of these phones to replace my parents' outdated phones.They love it and it's a big upgrade from what they were using.

:-)Read the reviews here and decided to buy the phone.Compared with my Galaxy Reverb, this phone is blazing fastPRO:Price - 149.99 minus 50.00 mail-in rebate4G bandwidthvery responsive to voice and touchWi-Fi  2.5 GHz and 5 GHz bandwidthGSMApps open extremely fastLarge screenSpeaker (slightly hi pitched)CON:Squared corner screen, not rounded like most phones.No hi-tech bells and whistlesPhone Plan used:Metro PCS 4G LTE40.00 unlimited voice, text and data2 phones 70.003 phones 90.004 phones 100.00

Awesome phone for the price!! I've had plenty over the years and this has been my favorite so far. Worth every penny!

the phone itself is great.  I found I can use it either as a $30/mo plan or a pay-as-you-go and turn off the mobile wi-fi, using just regular wi-fi.Works very fast with no hangups on muptiple apps running.  the pre-installed apps are annoying and take up too much space.  There is only 1.89GB of storage left after an update.  So, pop in a micro SD card for any music/pics/vids. Apps won't install on an SD card ( on any android phone ).  So, I can only install one large game at a time with all my regular apps like netflix, kindle, flipboard, etc.  Right now I have Rayman Jungle run and it runs very smoothly. 1 GB of storage left fee and it runs just fine.Screen is large and fairly crisp.  Camera is best in daylight and pictures are great.  In the shadows or nighttime the flash ruins a picture in my opinion.HD video is good, but also problems with shadows.  5MP is *okay*.  Wish it were 8MP, but still acceptable.Sounds is good for calls.  I have no idea why people say it doesn't sound well.  I have no trouble at all calling other cells, digital phones, and landlines.I tried a Wi-Fi phone on it with google voice and grooveIP - not great.  Sort of echoey, but gets the job done if you are low on minutes and use unlimited wi-fi instead of unlimited talk.  My nexus 7 tablet works better on grooveIP for some reason.In general, it runs apps faster than my nexus 7 tablet and also is faster to browse the web in Chrome.  Gmail is quick and I really don't use any of the tmobile apps ( wish i could get rid of them ).  If it gets super annoying I will root the phone, but not sure i want the hassle.Phone is lightweight, but has a plastic back.  So, i bought a heavy duty cover in case I drop it.  Makes my phone bulkier, but I drop my phone a lot.No issues.Charger is awesome!  Very strong cable and it even charges both my kindles and my nexus 7.

Lots of good features for the price. Performs as good as the more expensive phones.But the camera is okay for ocassional use. Would definitely recommend for entry level smartphone users.

I would recommend this item.  I chose the above rating because compared to prior mobile devices I've had, this one tops them all.  I dislike the fact the &#34;back&#34; buttom is not responsive.  If I'm in text mode and want to back out...the device doesn't always respond to this command.

Gps is great, phone is easy to use. Looks really cool and a great price. Iphone i just don't need you, sorry buddy. Practical

Nice phone. Notification and ringtone sounds aren't loud enough for me and would like an option for a repeat notification for texts. Also when the phone is off it needs to tell you the actual time a text came in.  A low battery tone would be good too, but I downloaded an app for that. Funny thing is, that runs the battery out quicker.

I bought this cell phone after it was recommended to my by the T-Mobile salesman. I wanted something that was not too difficult to learn to use. I am not a &#34;teeny-bopper&#34; and don't need all the &#34;bells and whistles&#34; of an I-Phone. This phone does exactly what I want and need. The only problem that I have had with it has been learning how to &#34;swipe&#34; to answer the phone. I know that it is just a technique and I will learn the right way to do it with practice.

Excelent!

So far phone is adequate. Was a gift for someone else.  Lower star score because phone states it should have come with a micro sim card.  It did NOT.  Thanks to T-mobile for correcting the situation.

Owned the phone for over 6 months, no problems encountered.  Works so well, also brought one for my wife.  Can be a little slow at times, but get's better if you disable some of the bloatware that comes pre-installed.

This is an affordable phone running Android with enough features to make it useful.I'm not a phone addict, so I disabled many of the preinstalled apps.  I have a 7" Android tabletfor fun stuff, much easier to see.Call clarity and volume are good on this phone.I'm picking up the same model for my wife.Adding protection with anEagle Cell PHLGP769NTBKBK Progressive Hybrid Protective Gummy TPU Mesh Defense Case for LG Optimus L9/Optimus 4G P769 - Retail Packaging - Blackfor mine and Green Flower Rubberized Hard Cover Case for Lg Optimus L9 P769(t Mobile) for hers.

It's better than a starter phone and you can't beat the price anywhere.  I've had it for nearly a year and it has worked very well for me.  GPS and WiFi work great.  Speaker volume is a little low when using speaker phone and GPS.  Camera is OK for the price.  Only about 2G of space for applications and no good way to put apps on the SD card.  I don't use many large apps anyway, but with apps getting bigger, I'll probably need to upgrade in a few years.

I tried to like this phone. It has a decent screen. Not much memory and a lot of apps that you can't delete, but you can add a micro SD card for photos and music. I've had this phone less than a year. A few months ago, a problem arose. I have the screen dim set to 30 seconds. If you don't use the phone, the screen dims and then goes dark. You have to press the power button to bring it back to life. The only problem is: pressing the power button doesn't bring it back to life. The battery is still being drained, but you can't use the phone unless you remove the battery and power it up again. I sent it to LG for a warranty repair. They didn't fix it and they won't take it back. They asked me to send it back to them (at my own expense).  The only alternative is to leave the screen on all the time, which drains the battery and can do crazy things when you have it in your pocket. I'm stuck with a phone that doesn't work and can't be fixed.  Not recommended

I'd been thinking about jumping ship and switching to a no contract deal for almost a year and when my HTC Evo Shift just bit the dust and refused to turn on ever again, I figured this was the universe's way of saying "NOW IS THE TIME!"So I went to a store and checked out all the phones, chose the Optimus L9, ordered it here and the rest is pretty much history. I did go into the store since I didn't see anything about bringing your existing number with you and it took them less than 15 minutes to get me all set up and ready to go. The phone started working with my number within two hours.I haven't loved a phone this much since I got my first Blackberry way back in another millenium. I paid around $800 for it and was amazed at what it could do. This isn't my first Android, touch screen, OR 4G phone, but so far it's my favorite phone for quite awhile.It was simple to set up, easy to find accessories for, easy to use and I'm not having any problems with the service either. I love the wi-fi feature so it just uses the internet whenever I'm home and getting umlimited everything for $50 is awesome.Since it's only been a little while, I know that it's still highly possible that I could end up hating this phone more than Satan himself (or my first REAL ex, you know? hate him a lot too)...but for now, I'm loving it.I'll let you know if that changes. In the meantime, if you're stuck with a bill of over $100/mo. and are wondering if you should make the switch too, I say do it. Do it.

Excellent replacement phone for the price. Fast with excellent features and the Android OS updated to 4.3 within the first week. The prime shipping actually got it there the very next day for whatever reason. Unbeatable price, am considering ordering another just to have as a back up phone since it's so capable.

Problems as trying to get connections a lot of diferent things will pop out, to to have it checked out and they said that this cell is not an orginal...its a copy the individaul said. I gave it away and bought me one  at t-mobile, nothing to it.have a good night thanks;)

Great phone for the money. Looks and feel like a high end phone.  UI & features work as intended. Only con is that onboard memory is 4gig.

each corner of the phone was chipped, maybe i just had bad luck.look great with a case around it

Pros: It's a cheap almost smart phone. Fairly durable. My wife dropped hers on the asphalt with it landing on the corner. It was so dumb it didn't realize it was supposed to break after a fall like that. Hence I bumped it from 1 star to 2 stars.Cons: At best it's like a high IQ phone. It does run Android but that is like getting an orangutan a Yale or Harvard education, it won't know what to do with it.The memory capacity is laughable. By the time T-Mobile is done with putting all their bloat ware on, you are left with around 800 MB of storage that you can use and no ability to store your apps on the SD card. I have about 14 apps and I'm out of space all the time and they are 14 apps that I pretty much need regularly. I purchased a 32GB sd card and it's worthless for anything other than storing pictures, videos, and audio files.I'm constantly running out of space and having to clear out voice mails, text messages, etc.Other thoughts: If I had it to do over again I would have purchased a flip phone for the battery life and durability, or paid the extra money for a real smart phone.

This phone comes with only 2gigs of storage. You cannot upgrade this with a Micro SD card. Sure it has a slot but you cannot run apps off of it. The phone will fill up real fast with useful apps and then the phone is useless. You won&#8217;t be able to take video or pictures. It won&#8217;t save you voicemail messages and it just will not function properly. And, you cannot delete the tons of pre installed apps you will never use. A completely useless phone. I will avoid LG at all costs in the future because of this.

Good phone for the price. Sometimes it can be a little sensitive. It needs more internal memory. This is the third one of these I have had in the past year. The first two were defective. Not a good sign.

Dollar for dollar, I think this is the best phone out there.  It has a big screen, is light weight and not too large to fit in a pants pocket. It is slender and thin for its screen size, which I like.  It runs on Android 4.1.2 and comes with all the bells and whistles you need.  Battery lasts fairly long and charge time is about average.  I would advise if you are a heavy user that you buy a spare battery and charger.  I have had no problem pairing any of my - four - Bluetooth devices, or pairing it with my computer.  Range has been good with all of them.  My S305 stereo headphones don't start breaking up until I walk out of the house and my phone is in the back. If you experience drop outs just turn off your wifi and this should take care of it.  I also had no difficulty printing form the phone using Google Cloud print.Reliability?  I have had two LG phones in the past and had no problem with them.  This phone seems pretty solid and I think it will last.  I have dropped it twice, indoors on linoleum floors, and the only thing that happened is the back popped off.  I did, however, have a screen saver on it.  Looks?  That's personal but I think it looks as good as any phone out there, kind of cross between an iPhone and a Galaxy S3.As far as performance, unless you are a heavy duty gamer, I think you will be pleased.  I have had very good speed browsing the web on 4g or wifi connections.  I don't download videos or music so I can't comment on that.  However, out of curiosity I did watch a couple of news clips at FoxNews, CNN and BBC and they worked fine. Tried a couple of French TV stations, like Canal+, and I only got audio, no video. I think it was a problem with their webpages and not the phone.  Netflix works fine but only if you run it off the app.  If you try and run it off the webpage it will tell you your chip is too slow.  Altogether I am very pleased.  I highly recommend this phone.Oh, yes, I only paid $120 for mine after rebate from MetroPCS.  Without rebate I think it is $150 at both MetroPCS and T-Mobile as of 9/13.

Great product and Tmobile was awesome about getting us the right size sim card for it to connect to an already existing line.

This is a great phone in this price range.  I have no regrets with it.  At this point, I think the competition in the $170-$200 price range has gotten a bit tougher though.

I got this phone a couple months ago because my older phone (Sony Xperia U) was starting to act up. I decided to order this phone because the price seemed reasonable.For someone looking for a simple smartphone, this will do. Just as a heads up, this phone requires a MICRO SIM card. If you currently have the regular sized sim card, you can bring it to any tmobile and they will cut it for you (for free), so no worries there.It's size is a little bigger than I thought because I was transitioning from a smaller phone. The graphics and colors are pretty good, but I'm no techie, so I guess I can't really vouch for it being spectacular.DISLIKES:-The camera quality is OKAY. Just like any other phone, it works best in outdoor lighting. The front camera kinda sucks though.I was hoping that the quality would be a little better, but it's only mediocre.-I would definitely get a case for this phone because the back of the phone is cheaply made. It's a thin plastic that I feel like I could crack just from bending it too far. The sides of the phone are also thinly lined with some sort of thin metal. I dropped my phone when I took off the case and now the metal part is dented.--also, there aren't many nice cases for this phone. Many designs will not fit the tmobile version because the camera is centered in the back instead of slightly to the side as in the international version.-NOT ENOUGH MEMORY space. Although you can extend the memory capacity with an SD card, that is only for media files. Apps and other things will not be directed to the SD card so the number of apps you can have on the phone is minimal. Also, there are some apps in the phone that can not be deleted because they are preset in there. :(LIKES:-Charges pretty quickly and usually lasts the whole day with minimum-average usages (texting, instagram, fb, etc.)WARNING~ if you are super active on those social networking sites and using apps, your battery will die within hours (it has happened to me.)The good thing is that the charger is small and a USB kind of charger so I can charge on the go or when I'm at school.-Easy (almost no) setup is needed.-Lots of options to customize-Easy to use. My 60 year old aunt likes it and uses it too.Overall, I think this is a good buy, considering its price, if you are not looking for a super fancy smartphone. It is more than enough.

I am on an old T-Mobile family plan, not the pre-paid plans they are trying to sell now. This phone works with the old plan; you just have to transfer your SIM card. If you have a micro-SIM, just put it into the new phone. If you have a regular SIM, you can change the account to the (included) micro SIM at T-Mobile's website.I have used it to watch videos on YouTube, Skype, take and post pictures on Facebook, navigate, deposit a check with the Chase bank app, text, and surf the internet. It even makes phone calls!The phone is quick and the screen looks great. The plastic backing feels nice, but I will probably get a protective case for it soon anyway. The battery lasted about 20 hours with Wi-Fi and GPS turned on with heavy usage. I imagine that light users would get 24+ hours of battery life easily.This phone is the best for users who want a quality unit without paying a lot of money. Most people probably already have Wi-Fi at home, work, and school, so you probably don't have to buy a data plan. If you truly need to peruse LOLCats at the grocery store, T-Mobile does of course have data plans available, but I can't comment on them. I only use shared minutes, unlimited texting, and Wi-Fi, and it works out quite well. The Google Navigation will even work for short trips as long as you input the address while you are still in Wi-Fi range.To summarize: you can buy a great phone for under $200 and use it with your existing T-Mobile plan, even if you don't currently have a data connection. I can confirm it works admirably for calls, texting, apps, photos, and Wi-Fi.

Its a great phone but, did not care for the graphics or the camera. Pictures did not come out as clear as my other phone. Sending it back for a full refund.

I purchased this as a backup device until the Google edition of the S4 comes out.  At first I was pleased with the speed and cost, but over time I realized the phone has many shortcomings.First, the L9 (LG-P769) is near impossible to root.  Out of all the android devices I've had I had this is the only one I've chosen to not root because the method looks too difficult.  Two, the Jelly Bean update has been pulled by T-Mobile with little hope it'll ever come back.  LG has a terrible reputation of supporting their devices and since I can't get the phone rooted a custom ROM is no longer an option.  Three, it only has a 21Mbit/s radio.  This didn't seem like a big deal at first but the difference between it and the 42Mbit/s radio I had in my old S3 is huge.  The L9 only sees about 2.5Mbit/s down when the S3 saw closer to 10Mbit/s.  The latency is the same but it feels much slower because of the throughput.  Last, the device doesn't have a light sensor or an LED notification light.  I knew the LG didn't have these but I didn't realize giving these up would be such a big deal.  Neither of these are expensive parts and including them wouldn't have added much to cost/price.Overall I can't recommend this device.

I'm with T-Mobile and needed a new phone.  I have a Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini international phone(great phone by the way), but it doesn't have WIFI calling (only T-Mobile branded phones do) and that feature is very important to me.  I got the LG Optimus L9 and gave the Samsung to my wife.  Here is my review.It's what's called a mid-level phone.  The high-level phones have faster processors, better screens, more memory, 4G LTE, features like auto-brightness - the list goes on.  My take on this phone?  I love it.The screen is great.  It's sharp and touches, drags, and scrolls are very smooth.  It has T-Mobile's old 4G data, which is really HPSA+.  It's plenty fast for me and supposedly, HPSA+ doesn't drain your battery as fast as LTE.  Speaking of batteries, this phone has a great one.  Poor battery life is one of the  knocks on this phone, but once I disabled all the bloatware wakelocks. it lasts all day and typically has 80%-90% left.Speaking of bloatware, this phone is loaded.  Every product Google ever made for phones is on it, along with a ton of T-Mobile ...stuff.  I took them off the desktop and disabled their access to the Internet where possible and it's fine, but if it really bothers you, root it and do away with them completely.Call quality is excellent on both ends of the call whether using the phone microphone or a headset.  The external speaker isn't the best, but it's good enough for calls, and I don't use it for anything else.  The processor isn't as fast as the ones in more expensive phones, but I'm not crunching databases here, I'm making calls, checking my email, and occasionally browsing the Internet.  It's plenty fast for that.I I was worried about listening to music with the L9, but using Poweramp and my Klipsch earbuds, it actually sounds clearer than it did with the Galaxy.One thing you'll notice if you buy this phone is the Optimus theme wallpaper is awful and there are only 4 themes.  If you don't like the choices, you can always use a favorite picture, and there are plenty of themes and wallpaper available on Google Play.  I went with a solid,dark blue background.I bought this phone because it was 1/3 the price of the high end phones, but I don't think I'm missing anything.  It's as good for my purposes as any phone I have owned.  Highly recommended.

The seller on my initial purchase was Ross Cellular and even though the phone was advertised as &#34;new&#34; it arrived in aftermarket packaging and the charging connector at the bottom of the phone was loose and extremely finicky. I returned it because Amazon's policy would not permit an exchange.The second purchase was from Bluesky Store and arrived in the proper packaging along with a wired earpiece which was not included in the box with my first purchase.The phone itself works nicely and is a great first phone for my 12 year old son. The only problem I have is with all the junky apps that come pre-loaded. I found a way to disable many of them but have not yet figured out how to uninstall them.

As a software engineer, I consider myself to be fairly tech-savvy, but I've been behind the times on the smart phone trend. I've always been on the fence about buying a smart phone, constantly reading about what will be available in the next generation of phones, and deciding to wait.Finally, after some research and comparing of mid-range devices, I decided to pull the trigger on this phone. So far, it has exceeded my expectations in every way. By no means am I a smart phone expert, but I can compare it to some of my coworkers' smartphones that I've used.-Feel of the phone:This phone feels very sturdy and nice in my hands. It's got a robust feeling without being too heavy.-Screen:Really nice. If I play with the settings, I can use it on a bright day without issues. I watched a bunch of movies and TV shows on a trans-Pacific flight on this thing, and for a small device, it's great.-Speed:Perfect for casual use and basic apps. For playing movies, browsing the internet, and your run-of-the-mill games, this phone is wonderful. Does it have the hardware of a Nexus or other high end device? No, but if you're a casual user, you probably won't really need it.-Camera:Pretty good. I used it to take a bunch of pictures on a trip, and most of them turned out well. If you don't have a steady hand, it can blur photos pretty easily. Still, it takes good pictures overall.-Expandability:It can take a 32GB memory card, which is more than enough for normal use.-Battery Life:This is one category where the phone really shines, in my opinion. If you've never owned a smart phone before, the relative shortness of your new phone's battery life will come as a shock. I used to go 4 or 5 days without charging my old phone, but that just doesn't fly for newer phones. Still, this thing is solid compared to my friends' smartphones. If I forget to charge it overnight, I'll usually be fine the next day. The same can't be said of all smart phones.Overall, I think this is a really good phone for the price. If you don't want to spend the extra money for a high end device, and you're a fairly casual user, this will probably be a great choice for you.

Pretty much had all the phones you can imagine. I break them I sell them and LG L9 is what I keep as mybackup.These days it's my first phone after I am finally done with all the 4.7"+ android crap and currently have no idea what to buy next (Z1 compact was promising but turned out to be pure crap. The same for moto x).L9 fits your hand just right - it's actually very slim and not so wide for an 4.5" screen. The rubberized plastic cover makes the grip perfect - whenever I take this phone I feel this is the right one. The phone also has the stellar battery life. I get almost 4 days out of it, with Juice Defender periodic polling. The LCD is just great - no fancy HD crap that consumes battery and offers nothing - this one is brighter than any crap from Samsung yet it offers the same sharpens (in fact I prefer IPS over Amoled - I don't need fancy and fake punchy colors but nicely readable text - this is better than HD Amoled on any Samsung I tried. Moto x had amoled screen which is even worse).The bad thing about this phone is it's low level specs. This just can't be a pro phone. It doesn't have enough memory and the CPU is slow. You just need more. After two years I am still looking for a phone that will add very little changes to L9: some 512MB of RAM more, any CPU but this OMAP and a bit brighter LCD. We are talking about a 200$ phone that sadly doesn't exist. Moto G is too crappy and bulky, HTC one mini with its battery cant be a pro phone, Z1 compact - that's sony - never-ending gimmicks that don't work. Iphone - well I need proper notifications and proper data toggling like juice defender does, otherwise that's not a phone I can depend (battery wise and critical notifications wise - no perioidic audio notification or blinking led or blinking lcd. That means you need to join a group of 100million idiots who paid hefty for this phone and then are constantly checking on the phone if there was any notification, instead of notification being just that - a notification).

The phone is great until you download a few apps.The internal memory is limited to 2GB AND YOU CANNOT MOVE APPS TO EXTERNAL SD CARD.It is impossible to move downloaded apps to SD card like you can with older phones.  They removed this feature and it is impossible to install a larger internal memory card.2GB fills up very fast with texts, messages, contacts, emails, and just a handful of apps.  I used to play many different games on my old phone but cannot now since I do not have room for them.I will never purchase an LG phone again (and this was my second from them).  They burned me good here.  It does not matter how fast your phone is if you cannot download any apps.

This phone dose everything! It has a very good camera and it very clear! The apps. are easy to use and the battery life is good! I'm ordered this phone for my son but now I'm going to order one for my self.

For T-mobile subscribers, this is the best deal for a smartphone under $200.Pros- Modern Android OS 4.1- Few bugs or weird behaviors (I haven't noticed any)- Smooth for most uses and apps- Good screen size 4.5"- Plays videos smoothly- Optimized for T-mobile network and good signal reception (for T-mobile coverage)- Support Wi-Fi calling- Decent mic and speaker phone- Good battery life- Can easily swap in spare battery (although haven't needed, I carry a spare battery so that I can use my phone as I wish without worrying about battery consumption)- Wi-Fi supports both 2.4 and 5 GHz- SD card slot (support up to 32GB)- Decent camera (just make sure there is good lighting)Cons- Apps can not be moved to SD card. I tried several apps and they get errors and say this phone does not support it. As a workaround, I use app backup & restore and back up the apps that I don't need in the short term to SD card and free up space in internal memory. Although this is an Android limitation, I hope LG can fix this issue as Samsung has done.- The performance is decent but in some apps there are small lags. And when there are heavy background tasks (e.g., auto update apps), it becomes very slow. It's a good idea to turn off auto app updates and do so manually at convenient times.The cons are in comparison to my previous phone (Nexus 4) which I gave up mainly due to lack of Wi-Fi calling, poor battery life and non swappable battery.As you can see, even when compared to high end quad core Nexus 4, the LG L9 stands up well and offers advantages.

All man I had high hopes but now I am left with a 200.00 dud phone.  BTW it comes loaded with BS that over takes the phone and now the battery is bad now.  Look elsewere.

The phone seems almost weightless compared to my old htc sensation 4g. It feels so much responsive as well. I did get a hang up the first few hours while I was using from combining icons on my home screen into folders. The speaker is great, it is a huge improvement over the speaker of my laptop at work. I no longer have to guess what people are saying in youtube videos. The autofocus on the camera is amazing, you can literally be cm's away and it'll still focus correctly for a beautiful picture.The only thing I didn't like is the music player. On my old HTC when the screen was locked the default player came up and you could pause or fast forward. Now I have to unlock the phone and then I can do all of that.

Basic cell operation is cumbersome, battery is very weak, losing info all the time, have had to replace twice since original purchase!:-(

Have used this for two months.No complaints.Sooner or later, nice and easy rooting method would come out. Also cynogen mod firmware will come out.Unfortunately, there is no useful mod, so I still use factory installed 10g firmware.No doubt that this is the best cheap phone with a large screen. Bought two for my wife and myself.

I want to buy another one for my husband!! Starting my Christmas shopping early this year!!This phone has more bells and whistles than my last phone but it is not OVER KILL. I use my phone to take care of my Ebay business when away from home and this phone does the job... perfectly..

Got two of these one for the wife and one for my mom.  In the beginning they both loved them.  They worked great/ good battery life/ good reception/ good price.  Now comes the bad parts, the phone has extremely limited space for apps/games/pics/ etc.  An micro sd card works for the pictures but can't get the apps there, therefore my wife and mom are both limited on number of apps on their phone.  When i say limited i mean just that, they both are unhappy with the small space.  Neither one of them are heavy users, just mainly have normal everyday apps facebook, banks, a game or two, store or two and boom memory is full.  So to the point it works fine for extremely light users this phone is great.  but not for anyone above that.

The camera, especially the front one, is horrible. You can barely see anything. There's not enough room for apps, and the phone is constantly running out of space. RAM is low, everything crashes all the time. I get if you're on a budget, but get something else instead. There's a home screen glitch on mine too, where the original home screen crashes all the time, so I had to download another launcher.The speakers are ehh. It's not horrible. I mean, it works. You can use it. But if you were looking for something fast, good camera, with internal storage that can use a memory card for app storage without rooting, this phone is NOT for you.

Got the phone in time great phone, nice size sreen, good response, owns several smartphone needed this for my carrier t-mo. Surprising the battery last more than a day considering the resolution HD. Definely can't go wrong with the Lg 769.

So far, it is as good as I expected. It may be good as the new smartphone worth more than $500, but it is ok for me.

This is by far the best phone in its price range. I am definitely not a heavy app user - the phone is used mainly to talk/text/email. It looks very stylish, and I like how it is slim and easily fits into my pocket. I am also happy with the battery life - I use my phone all the time to communicate throughout the day and I usually still have 40% left before going to bed.

Decent amount of phone for the price.  Not the latest and greatest phone but reasonable capability for what I paid.

I have been using this phone for the past few months and it has been pretty good. It's a very decent phone especially for the price.Pros: Cheap, big screen, runs smoothly.Neutral: screen quality is just okay.Cons: camera quality is a little sucky, there aren't any cool features, internal storage is pitiful.I would highly recommend for anyone looking for an okay phone for a small price(:

I like this phone, because I didn't have to pay $500 to get the smooth experience of an jelly bean android, and its CPU is good enough, unfortunately T-mobile has loaded it with lots of crappy bloat-ware which u can not uninstall if u are not root.battery is like every other phone, hold charge for a day or something.Pros :- Good Fast CPU- nice LG-add-on software (Quick Memo, customized lock screen, LG keyboard, ...)- very thin and light and looks different (not a typical phone that everyone has everywhere).- external SD card- removable battery (an external charger with a extra battery, and never worry about plugin your phone)Cons :- Low internal memory space (only 2 GB for all the cool apps out there)- Camera could be a little better- Speaker is terrible ( hard to understand people if you put them on speaker)- Doesn't have light sensor to adjust the screen brightness automatically (but u can do it manually easily)- Doesn't have NFC (not a big deal really)

I placed the order at Friday morning and received it on Thursday the following week.Battery is gorgeous. I am a light-to-mid weight user: make several calls, several texts, checks and reply several emails, surfing the internet for at least 20mins a day. One charge can last at least 72 hours, which exceeds my expectation! And importantly, the battery is replaceable!Screen is excellent!! With an IPS LCD, the color is bright, contrast is sharp. When your eyes are close enough, you can see the pixels, but who is gonna watch the screen with your eyes less than 10cm?Android 4.0 is competitive and is overall smooth in this phone.I am satisfied so far!

Phone got here right before a trip! Perfect timing! Beautiful phone, brand new, never opened. Everything was included. I'm in an area where I have to rely on wifi and the wifi/wifi calling works great! Thank you so much!!

A little background: Before buying this phone I was using the Samsung Exhibit II, also from T-mobile (Bought at Walmart on their $35/mo 100 minutes plan). The headphone jack on that phone was broken, and so I was looking for a replacement that was less expensive than the Nexus and Galaxy models, but that still performed well.The LG Optimus L9 certainly filled that requirement. Its $100 cheaper from this seller than in the T-Mobile store but the product was indistinguishable. It arrived on time (next day shipping was only $4) and I took it into the store where an assistant moved my plan from my mini sim card to my new micro sum card for the Optimus. Literally took 5 minutes and I had a signal, 4G, the works.The phone looks and feels nice. It doesn't have that cheap feeling that a lot of low end Android phones have. Biggest problem that I ran into was the crappy LG keyboard, which was easily replaced by downloading the  ICS Keyboard from the market.Battery life was one of the reasons I bought this phone, and I was thoroughly impressed. After a full days use, including an hour replying to email and surfing the web, playing an hour or music or so, and miscellaneous useage here and there, the battery life was 25% in the evening, and 10% when I plugged it back in as I went to bed.Many reviews say that it doesn't perform like high end phones. They are probably right --  I can't say as I've never used a Galaxy S 3 or similar phones. But from a practical stand point I cant see needing any more computing power in a phone.In short: Phone is great. Price is great. Biggest problem I have is the LG keyboard which took just minutes to replace. If you want a solid phone, but don't want to pay $350-$600 for a top line model, I can't recommend this enough.

Mostly good things to say.  Two complaints at the end of this review.This is in some ways the best computer I've ever owned.  It's my first smart phone, so I have nothing to compare it with, except my other computers.  I do more with this around the house than I anticipated, using it for quick web searches on my wifi connection, reading articles on the web, etc.In rare cases I've run into some little quirk that I think would qualify as a bug, but this happens less often than when I'm using a brand new laptop or desktop computer.As an OS, I'd say Android (ice cream sandwich) is well thought out and intuitive.It seems to have plenty of processing power.  Rarely any noticeable latency in anything I do.It's also the best music player I've owned -- better than my old iPod, for sure, and also better than my Sansa Fuze (which I like).  I don't know if the ear buds are better, or what the determining factor is, but the sound is somehow better than in the dedicated music players I've used, and the interface is certainly better.When reading reviews, there are some complaints about the camera.  I'm not that discerning, but it seems fine to me.  Picture quality is indistinguishable from my 6MP camera, but I haven't taken pictures in a lot of different situations.  Just a few pictures around the house.The display is outstanding.  Better than expected.  Though, like I say, I've never had another smart phone so I have no basis of comparison.I was worried I'd be bothered by the weight of a smart phone, but it's plenty light enough.I'll offer two complaints:  (1)  No tagging in the stock gallery app.  I ended up downloading the F-stop app so I could have tagging, but that should not have been necessary.  I'd love to see an update that adds tagging to the gallery app, so I can delete F-stop. (2) The volume doesn't go down low enough.  I sometimes want to turn the volume down lower than the lowest level.  There is probably an app that will help with this, but the first couple apps I tried didn't work.  It's not a major issue, but for some music tracks I'd like to go even quieter than the minimum volume provided by this phone.

First of all, yes it's a good phone; and it probably has the longest battery life of most smart phones.However, the 300-480 hours of standby time promoted on websites, actually is only 48 hours when doing absolutely nothing with it, and leaving the phone in an area with very good reception.When being in a bad reception area, or use the phone for very light work, the battery goes down to 24 hours.When playing very light games, like cardgames, or browsing the internet, it goes down to 8-13 hours of use.3D Games last between 4-6 hours; and most chargers won't be able to keep up with charging the battery AND providing enough power to the phone to not lose battery at the same time.Second MAJOR reason NOT to buy this phone, is because it comes with 1,6GB of internal memory.Android used to fit on 800MB of memory, but 4.1 uses over 1,2GB of this 1,6GB of memory; leaving you with a good ~200 MB of memory left for a good 10 to 15 apps; or about 2 or 3 games.Every system update, or apps update will result in 'out of memory' messages, and forcing you to uninstall smaller apps.Many pre-installed apps can't be uninstalled, even if you wanted it, and can't even be disabled (some of the T-mobile apps), and keep on downloading updates that you will never need.This phone came with Android 4.1, and was outdated the day 4.1.2 came out, due to lack of memory!Apps to move data to the SD card won't work in 4.1+Generally the external SD card is only for audio, video, or personal photos.DON'T BUY!IF YOU GO ANDROID, MAKE SURE YOU GOT MORE THAN 2GB OF INTERNAL MEMORY AVAILABLE, 2.5 or 3GB MINIMUM RECOMMENDED!!!

Three of us in the family got this phone.  We all love it and it is easy to use.  :-)

Don't know why LG isn't more popular.  80% of the performance and features of flagship phones from other companies for 30% of the price.  Ridiculous.

I have been through almost 30 phones in my life time. Really sad I know. This one is by far the best one I have gotten. The touch screen is super easy to use, and it has so many apps and widgets that you can use. Texting on this phone is a breeze, as it has SWIPE. You won't go wrong buying this phone.

Great phone for the price.  Lightweight, great interface. The memory is smaller than most smart phones but it is still a high performing product.

-Bought this for my aunt, she likes it so far.-the protective plastic that they have is poorly done though, it is very hard to make sure that you don't accidentally put any plastic in the charger part. I've nearly done that with this phone.

You really cant beat this phone for the price it is. Although the Nexus phone just dropped in price to $199 so thats another option.

Great phone that provides its user with many apps and is user friendly. Phone is small, light and has the perfect screen size. Must buy screen protector and case to avoid damage during falls.

LG L9 is a solid smartphone.I appreciate the HD screen.The 4.5" of real estate is all available all the time. Ice cream Sandwich with an LG overlay.The build is good, it feels premium quality due to Gorilla Glass front and A snazzy textured rear. The three buttons are solid on every click. I don't have a problem with force close. Games run smoothly. Touches register every time. Quick Memo allows for effortless Screen Capture.Q Slide allows for true Multi tasking: I can watch a video and Web browse while using a calculator for example.Compromises were made to keep the price low.The available memory is actually 1.86GB.But available SD slot upgrades to 16GB.The biggest compromise is a toss up; the speakers and camera are both mediocre at best.Take pictures outdoors with sunlight. Buy quality headphones. Seriously.My last phone was Galaxy S with android 2.2This phone cost me 69.00 down payment on T Mobileand $15 monthly for 20 monthsUpdated Sep, 2013I lived with this phone since March 2013.Finally upgraded to Jelly Bean! Yes it makes a difference. Was easy too.Unfortunately the mediocre battery life has NOT improved. I recommend buying a car charger AND a spare battery. They are pretty cheap on Amazon.Good purchase for the price.

This android really works well. I tried to install a custom ROM, but nothing worked. So, I resorted to using the default system and I was impressed. for this prepaid phone I got the awesome monthly $30 unlimited data and text plan with 100 minutes. I was really glad I was able to disable a lot of the bloatware through the apps manager. The camera is okay, but as another review said, I wouldn't replace it with my point-and-shoot camera. I tried it out with a variety of CPU intense games and all of them ran beautifully. The form factor is okay, it's thinner than my old phone, so I'm not going to complain. I was impressed with the screen, it's bigger than the Droid X's and when the brightness is up it's a pretty impressive screen. Call quality was rather nice too, especially on wifi calling. I haven't had it long enough to truly test the battery life, but i'll make an update later.- pros -Wifi calling (doesn't use up your minutes)Snappyfront facing cameraGPSGreat calling quality- cons -Bloatware (easy fixable, disable through the apps manager)no notification LED (I surprisingly don't miss it)No Auto-brightness (I didn't use it much on my old phone anyway)can't install custom ROM-Side notes, a little off topic-It works really well if your using Waze (GPS) and/or Go-Launcher, I wouldn't use the default Launcher. I wanted to use Google Voice as my main number, and I found out that there was an issue with voice-mail which was easily fixable by calling T-Mobile and disabling their default voice-mail system. Once that was solved, everything worked fine with Google Voice.

I've benefited from Buyers Reviews, but I prefer a CNET, PCMag or Consumer Reports type reviews by technical evaluaters who are more competent. Buyers are valuable in writing about user and personal experience.  I excerpted Consumer Rport's review of the phone.  I bought the L9 under T-Mobile's new plan model where the plan (no contract) is priced according, $50/month for voice/data/ message and you pay the retail price for the phone.  TM priced the L9 at $241 plus tax (04/12/2013).  If you "bring your own phone" you buy the SIM card for $10.I had a MyTouch 4G (by HTC) which was highly rated, but my experience was just "OK".  My wife has the same phone but in White, and it is mostly useful in our house; however, HER data & message service is mostly unavailable while my handset was sensitive enough. I can't explain why 2 exact phones (except color) would perform so differently.The LG L9 seems to be worse than my MyTouch 4G in signal sensitivity -- the L9 has 4 bars, and typically only 1 bar would show (I haven't compared the db readings), and data service is very spotty in my brick house (data calls would time out 50% of the time).  I am considering returning it to T-Mobile and eating the re-stocking charge (maybe it's waived in 14 days, I have to read the sales contract); the poor reception is very aggravating.It is, however, the least expensive 4G data, Android 4.0 phone; the Samsung's are now price like iPhone's and they don't seem to have more functionality than other 4G data & 4.0 phones.The menu steps are significantly different from my previous Android 2.0 phone.  One dialing feature I REALLY miss is that I could type in the first 1-3 letters of my contact list, and my HTC phone would show in a speed list.  The LG Phone doesn't have this function which is a major inconvenience.The LG has "touch" buttons (instead of mechanical) for Back & Menu; looks neat ?  but it isn't.  The buttons are not lit, and I rather have "hard" buttons than hidden "soft" buttons.(The back is plastic which keeps the weight low; it's textured so it's doesn't feel cheap as it is cheap manufacturing.)______________________________________________CR's TakeThe LG Optimus L9 offers an impressive blend of intriguing features and apps in a thin and lightweight package.Highs* 4.5-inch high-resolution display with excellent quality* Top-notch ease of use, messaging, and Web browsing* Quick Memo lets you use your finger to scribble notes on anything you see on the phone's screen* Allows you to launch apps such as a camera, messages, or phone directly from a locked screen* Supports fast 4G data networks* Can snap a still image while recording a video* Front-facing camera facilitates video chats and self-portraits* Uses versatile Android operating system, with access to many apps and services&lt;Lows* Video recording is mediocre* Lacks a physical button for quick phone access, and its virtual keypad makes it hard to enter a number without looking* Lacks Flash video* Memory card is hard to accessDetailed test resultsThe LG Optimus L9 has an excellent-quality 4.5-inch, high-resolution, touch-screen display packed in a relatively thin and lightweight case. It includes Quick Memo, a pull-down menu option app that lets you use your finger to scribble notes on anything you see on the phone's screen, from photos, e-mails, and calendar appointments to the home screen itself. The finished "memo" actually becomes a picture that you can easily e-mail or text to other, as well as share on social networks. The Optimus L9 provides easy access to all main functions via a highly responsive touch screen that supports five home screens of apps, programmable shortcuts, as well as a home button flanked by menu and back keys. The Optimus L9 also provides a straightforward way to add apps, widgets, or change wallpaper. You simply press and hold a blank spot on the screen to summon a Lazy Susan-style buffet of home screens, apps, widgets and other customization options. Pressing and holding the home key launches a stack of screen shots of your most recently used apps. Tap any one of them, and you can jump to that app. You can also launch the phone, messaging, e-mail, or camera app directly from a locked screen without the need to first unlock the screen. You do this by swiping upward on any one of app icons that are visible on the locked screen. But this phone lacks the search key found on many Android phones.The Optimus L9 lets you perform Google searches by voice command, and lets you download applications, services, and games, and more from the Google Play Store. Its multi-touch screen lets you zoom in and out of photos or Web pages using two fingers (for instance, your thumb and index finger). It also has a handy on-screen drop-down status bar that alerts you to and takes you to new messages, upcoming appointments, and other items that need your attention, even when your screen is locked. Its Android OS offers better text editing tools and controls for managing data usage, and enhanced voice-activated navigation and dictation. High-speed "4G" wireless broadband data capability provides faster Web browsing and file downloads. The faster network also facilitates better Web browsing experiences. The Wi-Fi connection provides another way to access the Web, e-mail, and other Internet-based content, without using your data plan allowance. But this model lacks Flash video.MESSAGING: The virtual keyboard was very easy to use. This phone comes with common preset text messages, and also allows you to create custom preset text messages for your individual special situations or frequent use. Excellent e-mail readability and attachment capabilities. This phone allows you to edit Word documents and Excel spreadsheets out of the box, which can come in handy when working on the go. The Optimus L9 also supports Microsoft Exchange and Outlook for work e-mail. When connected to Windows or Macintosh computers, this phone can appear on the computer as another drive. You can then transfer data to and from your phone as you could on a regular drive.PHONE: We tested this phone under a variety of conditions to simulate environments ranging from the quiet indoors to noisy roadsides. It had very good voice quality when talking, good when listening. Talk time was an ample 7.5 hours. This phone has a very good mixture of controls and features for making and taking calls. Excellent keypad readability under most lighting conditions, even in bright light. Its voice command allows you to conveniently dial numbers from your phone book by speaking the name, without the usual training. You can also dial numbers by pronouncing the digits. It has Bluetooth for wireless hands-free voice communication. This model can simultaneously be on a phone call and an Internet-based connection over the cellular network. Can be used internationally. But this model lacks a physical button for quick phone access, and its virtual keypad makes dialing difficult without looking. Auto answer doesn't work with headset.MULTIMEDIA: The 5-megapixel camera has a short shutter lag, and produced good pictures at ISO settings up to 400. Camera has a flash, autofocus, manual ISO settings, smile detection, and can record HD video. Its touch focus feature lets you override the autofocus by tapping on any subject on the screen. You can even take a picture by just saying "cheese". The camera's flash and ISO-setting controls help improve your chances of taking better pictures under low-light conditions. Its face detection comes in handy when you're snapping pics of babies, toddlers, or other fussy subjects. You can also snap a still picture at any moment while shooting a video. The front-facing VGA camera allows easy self-portraits, and can support video chats. But the camera took only fair 1080p video, OK only for the most casual uses.The music player has the capabilities and controls of a typical stand-alone MP3 player, including an equalizer, music shuffle and repeat controls and options for sorting music by album, artist, etc. This model also supports Bluetooth stereo headsets, and can download music over the phone network. Its Bluetooth data support enables the phone to wirelessly share pictures, contacts, and other files with compatible printers, computers, and mobile devices.GPS navigation capability provides spoken turn-by-turn directions and automatic re-routing. The Optimus L9 supports the Digital Living Network Alliance (DLNA) standard via its SmartShare application. This lets the phone connect via Wi-Fi to share content with other compatible certified devices such as a TV, printer, and computer. The Optimus L9 can act as a mobile hotspot for up to eight Wi-Fi-enabled devices. It also supports Wi-Fi calling. It has 4GB of built-in memory, and supports memory cards of up to 32GB. Its memory capacity is beneficial for storing music, videos, pictures, and other types of files. But the memory card is hard to access.About - LG Optimus L9The LG Optimus L9 is a smart phone designed for use on the T-Mobile network, including its HSPA+ "4G" network. It can also be used internationally.It has a 4.5-inch touch-screen display, measures 5.0 by 2.6 by 0.4 inches and weighs 4.2 ounces. It runs on the Android operating system.The Optimus L9 has a 5-megapixel camera that can record high-definition video, a front-facing camera, and a music player. It also features a virtual QWERTY keyboard that's useful for messaging and Web searches. This phone has Wi-Fi, Bluetooth for wireless hands-free communication, DLNA, and GPS navigation capability. Web browsing, e-mail, and texting capabilities are also included. It can act as a mobile hotspot for Wi-Fi-enabled devices.This LG phone has a standard 3.5mm jack. It has 4GB of built-in memory, and supports memory cards of up to 32GB

very good product, but i haven't saw it wasn't unloked, it was my mistake and y know that, but fine

Has all the bells and whistles that I need as a non-geek person. My husband, who is a geek, is very impressed with this phone.

I  LOVE THE CELLPHONE! Y big, Is not heavy is beautifull and fast!The battery: i can used it all day after charge it!I simply love it!

This phone came in perfect condition and i didnt have ANY problems with it! Very nice. Its also a fast working phone, with facial recognition to unlock (optional).

I do like the slim and light weight Optimus phone, but the battery drains fast. I am upset about charging the phone everyday. I hope it is not a defective piece.

Screen is not gorilla glassLG does not take any responsibility and basically offer no help other than if you send it in they will determine the cause of the damage and send you an estimate of the cost to repair.

For the price and for the things he can do, it Is a very nice phone and very powerfull, very good

Excellent phone for the price. Really like the voice commands. Highly recommend. The delivery was quick and I can't find anything negative to say about the LGL9.

THE PHONE: its good but the fetures is  not like the samsung galaxy s3 mini s4 mini and the popups is small er

For under $200, you can't beat this phone.  Super thin, the weight of like 4 feathers, Dual core processor, super quick, large screen for videos and games.  Fantastic!!

I bought one at best buy and also ordered directly from tmob because i needed a phone asap after i got rid of my two N4's. At $214 with tax less than a year ago it seemed just ok for the hardware. I traded quad core and better gpu for the average because of external storage.The bad: ICS, limited storage for apps 1.8GB, not the easiest phone to root, some may find 1GB of ram limiting. My phone runs everything i need, no problems. After upgrading to JB 4.1 ram management is much better. No hardware USB/OTG support, no exfat/ntfs support. Sometimes i use recording apps both audio and video and need to have files larger than 4GB. 4.1 offers better support for ntfs but i still need to use a third party app to mount ntfs sd card. The screen is usable in bright sunlight but i wish it was brighter for better visibility or whatever works better in the sun. IPS, AMOLED, etc. I'm not sure.The good: everything works much better with the latest stock JB 4.1 20d. Battery life seems the same as with ICS after a few cycles, but definitely not worse. I haven't tried the latest 20f update. Will likely skip it and try the next one. Everything works, no problems so far. Rooting took care of the bloatware. I think there's an easy way to root now available but i haven't looked into it yet. Both ICS and even more improved JB allow some apps to store data in external SD. I don't download any media that can't be stored on external sd so storage is not a problem for me. Run 50 apps, 621MB internal available. Screen resolution is very good. Text looks better than in Tab3 8". I have very good eyes so i can tell the difference even when reading tiny text. Screen is gorilla glass 2 and is very smooth. Even with the cheapest ebay protectors sensitivity is very good. Colors look very good to me. No onscreen nexus-style buttons. All 4.5" are available. Loud speaker, good/acceptable quality stills, 20mbps 1080p video could be better.Its my primary phone now and will be my backup when something better is available in this price range. Looking forward to JB 4.2/3 if when developers make it available.

The L9 was a very good phone back in 2012, but it has now been replaced by the $49 LG Optimus L70, sold by T-Mobile's MetroPcs stores and at the MetroPcs website.  The L70 has the newest Kitkat software and can run the newest 2014 Android apps. The L70 shares all of the strong points of the old L9, and shares the L9's weak point:  a very limited amount of memory to install new apps and games.My question:  now that the NEW L70 is selling for $49, why would anyone pay more than $49 for the old, discontinued L9.

a great phone would buy another one  thanks this is really  nice phone again thanks this a 5 star phone

I love this phone, compared to the Optimus T I had before it, this one is incredible.  It very user friendly, has a great battery life and does everything I had wanted my last phone to do.  I have not had any issues so far.  For the price it's great!

I absolutely love this phone.I use T-Mobile, and have had countless service problems with them for years and multiple phones.However, this phone has improved my service from TM.I purchased this phone as a budget phone after my Samsung Galaxy gave out, and it far exceeds any phone I've ever had.Compared to a Samsung Galaxy, Samsung Galaxy Light, Nokia 5233, and others, it has been better in all area.Features:Bright rear LEDFront/Back camerasThis/Sleek design (thinner than the S3, same screen size)Tough ExteriorGoogle Android 4+Google Play Store/AppsGreat UI from LGCons:Screen has been cracked twice (still intact, though)Gets hot when CPU works too hard (continued app use)Cannot store apps on SD card

I really like the super crisp screen. The battery runs out quickly.  Overall excellent value. Why pay twice as much for other phones.

Must have! fast keeps up with iPhone 5!SUPER LIGHT-WEIGHTFront facing camera1920 Full HD rear camera720 front facing cameracool phone at a cool price!

Catalog this alticulo as bad, because the network biene nop locked and can be used with other than T mobile operator in the artuculo descriccion says unlocked version, and is not so since I bought the phone and could not use. that is blocked and does not support other network. sopoete also the solutions your company should send the unlock code.

This phone has great talk quality as well as the other features considering the price. A good alternative to the high end phones.

The phone was locked by T-Mobile because of either, it was a contract phone that wasn't paid for or it was reported lost or stolen. I am not knocking the company that sold it, they probably didn't know. But as far as the phone is concerned, we loved the phone everything on it was really awesome except we couldn't activate it..

Haven't had many issues, have had to replace the battery once in a year. Overall a good phone, not too much space if you want tons of apps, but I have about 25. Takes nice pictures, has a long battery life.

This phone surprised me. It replaced my Samsung Galaxy II, and it is so much better than that phone. It beats that phone in every department especially the battery life, and wi-fi connectivity. Now i know why google outsources the nexus phones to LG, because &#34;they try harder&#34;. Samsung seems all marketing hype to me now.

I love the phone. It is amazing for the price.Just make sure you order a case cover and screen cover for overall protection.I recommend this phone to anybody who wants more for less.

overall I like the phone.. its just a hair to large but understood that when I choose the larger screen.Really the only issue - is the phone runs hot.  holding it to your ear is at times noticeable warmer than it should be - with the GPS running - have had the heat warning come on several times..

This was a phone for my nephew.  He had a Samsung II.  Then he broke it.  So I wanted to get him a less inexpensive smartphone.  He loves it.

I love this new phone.  It works great and has great features.  It is much more affordable than an iphone and for me it works the same!

This review is four stars based on the stock device. If you root, this becomes a 5-star device.PROS:Jelly Bean! Much better than ICS and not a bad implementation at all.Good CPU+GPU for the price range. Runs GTA3, GTAVC, Max Payne, etc.LG launcher is pretty good, using Nova Prime now thoughStable, only ever found three bugs which were all fixed by OTAGreat camera, shoots smooth 1080P video and takes good picturesGreat call qualityCONS:Battery life (especially out of the box)BloatwareHandicapped method of handling SD cards, probably meant to upsell power users to phones that cost 3-4x as muchNo native tethering like older LG Android phones, they are drinking the carrier Kool-Aid nowWHY YOU NEED ROOT:Poor internal storage with SD-Card mounted under restrictions. This means that if you want to install GTA3, Max Payne, Vice City, etc (all of which the phone will run well enough to play) you NEED root with FolderMount / Link2SD. Link2SD is also helpful for linking smaller apps to SD to reduce space usage and removing useless crap like T-Mobile TV for more space but beware this will cause OTA updates to fail.You will want to delete several system apps and re-install them as normal apps in order to let Greenify work on them. The stock ROM wastes a TON of battery running Maps and T-Mobile My Account in the background. Uninstall both and re-install as user apps and then Greenify them to save battery. Increased mine almost 20% just by this alone. Re-installing system apps like Maps also lets you use Link2SD on them, saving you space even after the apps are re-installed.On battery, the CPU settings are also incorrect. You need SetCPU with a profile that sets minimum CPU speed whole the screen is off. This will improve battery life by ~30-40% with no adverse effects.Root will also let you install WiFi Tether, which is free and open source, uses less power, and doesn't show up on your bill like the official method. A data connection is a data connection, and if you want to share it with your other devices after you've paid for it that is your business and not the carrier's. Can confirm that WiFi Tether (requires root, remember) works on this device. Have not tested transmission power reduction yet.All in all, a great mid-range phone for a great price, but it seems like LG and T-Mobile have intentionally handicapped it in order to promote flagship sales. Using Root you can remove or work around these handicaps. Still a good device without it though.

A decent cellphone. Got it for my daughter.. The camera on the phone is not that good. But there are free app to fix it.

this is great phone. I can't believe I didn't rate it before. I really thought I did. anyways, I'm glad I've ordered it and it came in perfect condition in its original box with everything. its my first smart phone & I'm really satisfied with it. I'm still learning about the phone even though its been 3weeks but again, its a really nice phone to have whether you are new to the smart phone or not. and the pricing is good as well. try it

I have enjoyed the last few weeks with my LG Optimus 9 very much (once T-MO resolved issues on their side, but that's not the phone's fault).  It seems very responsive, I have never noticed any lag at all.  4G speeds seem decent enough and it flies on wifi.  The screen is a thing a beauty.  Battery life is about a day which is what I expected from these types of smart phones.My wife got a Galaxy S4, and while I can tell it is faster and has more bells and whistles.... is it $500 better?  NOPE.Some things I have noticed that do not detract from my experience, just things I wonder about...Once the phone turned itself off for no reason, and I had to remove and reseat the battery to get it to come back up.  No idea why, had 50% or so of battery left.  Strange.The touch screen doesn't like sweaty hands, I doubt this is a problem exclusive to the L9, just touchscreens in general.  I was outside all day in the Texas summer heat the other day and someone called me.... I couldn't get it to register my finger swipe to answer the call, my finger was too sweaty.  I had to find a dry spot on me to wipe it off (my sock was the only thing I was wearing that wasn't soaked to the bone) then call the person back.  Maybe there is another way to answer a call I don't know about.The screen is really hard to see in direct sunlight, but then again so is my wife's GS4, our previous phones (optimus M and Galaxy S) and just about every cell phone I have owned in the last 10 years that uses an LCD screen.  This is more of a gripe of LCD touchscreens in general, maybe someday they will come up with one you can see outside.The speakerphone at max volume sounds very echo-y if you are holding the phone.  If you put it down on a flat surface it sounds better.  Knocking down the volume a notch or 2 takes care of it.All in all I am very happy with it, and it was $500 cheaper than my wife's GS4.  Winning!

Owned this phone, bought from T-Mobile for  8 months now. Best value for a phone in this class and price category BAR NONE. Reliable as mine sees rugged use. Battery life excellent. Intuitive customizable design. Classy construction, seems should cost at least$100 more.Best of all, it does not resemble the other abundant cookie cutter smartphones out there. YOU KNOW WHO YOU ARE. ;)

Bought this phone from shopcelldeals end of May 2013. The shipping was a little slow but ok. The phone arrived in good shape. It worked as expected for a month+. I knew it was locked to tmobile and was fine with it. No worries there. Was very happy with the phone for a month, before problems started. It started freezing up once in while. It was fine after restart so I figured some glitch.But now problem is worse. The touchscreen "flickers" (icons vibrate on screen) and is unresponsive to touch. Worse - It randomly launches applications on the phone- goes into settings or start pandora,etc. by itself. It even dialed voicemail by itself! Worse is since touchscreen is unresponsive I cannot even turn the call off thus using up my minutes. Had to remove the battery to turn it off.Disappointed that a month+ old phone would go bad like that. It is ~$200 phone not a $10 throwaway too. I am hoping shopcelldeals will accept return. Should've stuck with Samsung.

The phone is listed as having 4 gigs of Internal memory, it doesn't and it has turned into nothing but misery for me, I have had no real enjoyment out of it. weeks of trying to root it, and trying to find a way to enjoy more then one good game or app at a time.it is starting to look like Google android and the companies that produce the phone sold running it are pulling the same marketing tricks that Apple has been doing for years.But T-mobile and the seller of this phone should have known better.Computers and phones are the same thing no matter how hard they try to change the names of parts. There is internal storage (a hard drive like on your PC) there is electronic memory like the memory in your computer, and there is processing power (like the Intel or AMD chip in yoru PC)They take advantage of people that do not understand how computers work and for those who do, they just change the names of the parts and how they work and start there bull all over againexample: &#34;The cloud&#34; is nothing more then network storage, its nothing new been around seance the beginning of computers!With this phone and with many Android phones its internal storage is small this one (to spite it being advertised as havaing 4gigbytes) it really only has 2 giga bytes of internal storage!  Barely enough to handle all the bloatware, spyware and all the stupid updates to crap on it I will never use, leaving little room for good games and apps that I choose to use, yes the phone has a processor that can play good games and apps but no room to store the games and apps I want!The phone was advertised as having 4 giga bytes, by both the seller and T Mobile, and Google has been toting the ability to &#34;root&#34; there phones so you can get rid of the bloat ware, and store games on SD cards. this way if your phone only has 2 giga bytes on internal storage you can root it and put the extra games on teh SD card.NOT WITH THIS PIECE OF CRAP!CANT ROOT THIS PHONE ANDROID 4.2 puts a stop to that!First T mobile forced a android OS update the minute I turned it on, that update does nothing new or better then android 4.0 but it sure as hell prevents rooting!Next all the bloatware updated sucking all but 500 megs of internal storage! WOW barely enough to store Angry Birds on!I upgraded to this phone because it has a dual core CPU to play the better games, I did not expect to get into such a mess, 3 weeks spent trying to root the dam thing, and I am a A+ certified computer repair tech!I see the government is pushing companies to unlock there phones for people whose contracts have ran out I hope the go after them for pulling this crap!Its seem all the companies involved in selling you your phone only care about forcing there spyware, and bloatware advertising on you and not realizing you did not pay $130 and a $30 a month phone bill to put up with there crap and not enjoy the games and apps!I blame all involved, from LG for designing multiple versions of this phone and not being specific as to witch one does what and why, I blame T Mobile for forcing there bloatware on it, I Blame Google Android for making android 4.2 that makes it impossible to root the phone and also why they just don't allow games to be stored on the SD card in the first place, (I mean that's all most people want to do anyway!)But I blame the seller the most, who had the phone in there possession long enough to know what I had to learn the hard way and advertising it had 4 gigs when they had to have known it only had 2 gigs of storage!

The phone has worked as a new unit and so far performed flawlessly-looks like a new unit. I recommend this vendor.

got this phone for 189.00 unlocked  from shopcelldeals.  appears to be brand new, came in original packaging.  works well and an easy transition from SIM to MicroSIM.  Because it was so reasonably priced, i hope it isn't a Chinese fake.  The ability to copy phones has been remarkable and it is very difficult to tell fake form real.  ie. the title "Is it Real or is it Memorex"

This is a great smartphone for the price.  It is quick, functional, and sleek.  A bit on the large side, which makes for a nice screen size, but somewhat hard to fit in pockets.  Photo quality is mediocre.  As noted apps download only to internal memory (2gb) so it is limited, but should be more than enough for most useful apps.Does everything I want it to.

I bought this phone and was 100% (5 stars) happy with it. I was worried about the limited 4GB internal memory, of which about 2GB is already taken up with bloatware but I thought, since I'm not a gamer, maybe I wouldn't run out of memory. But I did because I use a lot of productivity and news apps (Evernote, dropbox, skydrive, googledrive, scholarley, google maps / calendar / email /+, NY Times, Circa etc. - it added up). Eventually, apps wouldn't update because they'd run out of space. So I traded with my wife (who is a low-end user) for her Samsung Galaxy S2 which has lots more internal memory and is more expensive. And guess what? It turns out the L9 is NOTICEABLY faster and has a more intuitive user interface than the S2. For example, on the L9, when you get a text message, it shows you who it's from and shows the beginning of the message right in the notifications. So, let's say it's a spam message from T-Mobile, you know right away it's not an urgent message from your wife and can wait or be ignored. On the galaxy, it just shows a non-descript envelope icon and you have to go into the message to see whether it's T-Mobile or your wife. Similarly, on the L9, from within a text message, you can click directly to call the person back. On the galaxy, you have to go back into the contacts to do that. And also, the L9 is much sleeker - again, noticeably so. The profile of the L9 in your hand and in your pocket (if you don't use a case, which you don't need to because it's so light that even if it falls there's no weight to damage it) is almost non-existent. The only advantage of the galaxy is the fancy OLED screen which is definitely more vibrant - but I didn't care much about that.Yes I am a productivity nut and these differences may not matter that much to everyone :-) But the point is, if you can live with 1.8GB of memory, this is actually a great phone. If only Android allowed you to store apps on an SD card, I would gladly have stayed with this phone.

I love the LG Optimus L9, but...I bought as unlocked but wasn't. Not can be used in Venezuela.You would considerate not put this in Unlocked phones.

I got this phone because the OS would work with my Jawbone UP.  It has done the job.  It seems to be a good phone - was easy to get it set up and doing what I needed.

I like this cell phone, and would give it more stars, if it weren't for the battery life. It's very short compared to other cell phones. I find myself having to recharge almost every day, even with limited usage. Great phone, so-so battery.

I received this phone promptly and went to work examining it and it was well worth it compared to other android phones this was a steal.

Great phone for the price. Have had no problems as of yet! I am impressed with the quality of the phone.

I've had it for over a month now and its really good for its price. Greta screen and amazing reception. Very fast with little to no screen delay. Amazing specs for its price as well.

I had a really old droid that was probably one of the very first, so the droid OS on it wasn't very compatible with many apps AND it didn't have much internal memory.  So, I was looking to upgrade, but I didn't want to spend $500-$600 for a phone such as one of the Samsung Galaxys.  This looked like a great alternative at a MUCH cheaper price.  I don't know what more a Galaxy can do that this phone can't, but whatever it is it sure isn't worth the extra $300-$400.  I got this phone, no contract or obligation, for less than $200.  I expanded it with a 32GM Micro SD card and now it's my phone AND my MP3 player.I've tried dozens and dozens of apps and have never run out of room.  It hasn't had ANY limitations as far as I'm concerned and I've not had any issues or problems with it. I've had it for nearly six months now and I couldn't be happier.

this phone is defiantly worth $200 and is better than the iphone 4s. just dont upgrade from ice cream sandwich to jellybean. makes the phone run slow and die much faster. was satisfied at first now i am unsatisfied but this phone deserves a high rating

I have had this phone for 2 weeks and have had nothing but problems. I have to shut the phone off  a minimum of twice a day because I either can't send a text or it won't dial out. The phone freezes up and I can't even pull up the task manager to end the application. I want to scream!!!

I received my LG Optimus L9 one day earlier than expected.  It was easy to set up and is working great.

I had an HTC  and I give it to my son and purchased this one for myself, I have no regrets. It is a great phone with a very goodcamera, also it fit my budget and has all the features that another phone would have. I have been asking the question over and  over  why is it that some phones are so expensive when most the features are the same. I would recommend this phone to anyonewho is looking for a reasonable good phone.

It works but the screen doesn't respond most of the time when you try to access with touch.  Many times when trying to back up on screens it makes ones up and can drive you crazy trying to get rid of all of them.  The battery does not have enough power; can run out before the day is done and the choices of ring tones is limiting and they are way too quiet, especially when being alerted to texts.  Sometimes it won't download an app and just sits there like its downloading.

Good phone. Not too good on the battery life. Hard to understand why certain notices don't stop popping up. But overall good phone for its price.

I purchased the LG phone after a long debate and reading a lot of reviews. I am a very frugal guy and i have been on t-mobiles prepaid line for about a year. After the year, i decided to &#34;upgrade&#34; on the prepaid system. I purchased the optimus LG because it was available inthe prepaid plan. I am so glad i made the decision to purchase. There is great functionality with the phone.  It has voice commands, nice screen,  and great apps. The phone was fairly priced and i didnt go in the expectations of a newer phone that is offered on the line of a contract. Having a smart phone on a 4G network with the prepaid plan is still the best decision one can make. If you are one that use a phone to primarily make calls, text  and browse on occasion, this phone is for you. I am also glad that i can use my home wireless or free wifi to not use up my data that comes with prepaid. If you are one that is attached to your phone and have to keep up with the latest phones and gadgets, then i suggest you get on a plan and pay for that luxury.

there a quite a few kinks to this phone but once you work them out, the phone is ok.  you have to get on the internet and talk to a live person or go to the tmobile store every day til you get the hang of things.  once this is done, you will have a good phone.  i miss my qwerty board.

Love the nice big screen and with the latest update it works even better. Camera is ok. Only downside is the small amount of space for Apps, but I knew that would be an issue when I bought it

Given the price and performance of the LG Optimus L9 (model LG-P769), I would have loved this phone, save for one simple problem. Its internal memory, otherwise known as ROM, is, as you know, only 4GB. That wouldn't be so bad if you could offset that 4GB with a 32GB Sandisk card (for about $32 extra, or less). However, what you don't know, and can't know until/unless you actually have the phone in your hands and you actually log into your Google Play account to download an app, is that you, essentially, can't download any apps, because you have far less than 1 GB, depending on what apps come pre-loaded on your phone (mine has only 600 MB of truly-free available space). They operating system &#34;says&#34; you have 1.8GB of usable space, but, that comes pre-loaded with 600MB of what turns out to be non-removeable bload. Note this very clearly, that 600 MB of pre-loaded applications can NOT be deleted. It can't even be moved to the 32-GB micro-sd card. It's there forever (save a jailbreak, which is the only way to make this phone usable). Nobody will tell you this ahead of time, so, mark my words and see for yourself if you already own this phone. You can not move or delete the pre-loaded apps (most of which are useless, and which are listed below). In a very short time, your remaining 600 MB of internal memory will be used up with apps, and, after that, you're stuck. It's a brick at that point. You can't download any new apps directly to the SD card, so, you're stuck.  In summary, all the specs of the phone are for naught if you can't put apps on it. So, it's worthless. I'm going to use mine as a test case for my first jailbreak, and, if I brick it by mistake, there is no real loss, it's that worthless.  The non-removable apps that T-Mobile preloads on this phone are provided to me, by T-Mobile, and are as follows:411 & moreAlarm/clockAmazonApplication managerBackupBrowserCalculatorCalendarCaller TunesCamcorderCameraChromeCMASContactsDownloadsEmailFacebookFile managerFileShareGalleryGame BaseGamesGmailGoogleGoogle settingsGoogle+LocalLookout SecurityMapsMemoMessagingMessengerMusicNavigationPhonePlay BooksPlay MagazinesPlay Movies & TVPlay MusicPlay StorePolaris Office 4ScoutSettingsSetupSlacker RadioSmartphone Mobile HotspotSmartShareT-Mobile My AccountT-Mobile Name IDT-Mobile TVTalkTask ManagerVideosVisual VoicemailVoice RecorderVoice SearchWeatherYouTube

I really needed a phone and this came through for me right on time. I still use it till this day

This phone is cool but the only thing i dont like is that when it comes to texting everytime im typing something it deletes everything constantly and its very annoying idk if its just my phone or what like does this happens with all lg l9's but im looking to get a new phone cause this one let me down :/

I love my phone:) The LG Optimus L9 is my first smart phone. I got it because I was moving far away, to the state of eternal summer, Hawaii, and knew I'd need something much better than what I was using. It's very slender, lightweight, and fits well in the hand. The screen is pretty big, speakers are good, runs fast, it rarely crashes! It does everything I need it too. Photos, which I take quite a bit of like every other girl:), are good quality, save for the front facing camera, it isn't the best quality in low light. I can browse the web quickly, do my facebook thang, instagram, and all those nifty little apps are what I used my phone for (aside from calling and texting, of course!) and it does it's job. Great phone, especially for the price (I got mine for about $190). I would definitely recommend it:)

I am using the phone with Platinumtel prepaid. I just cut the sim card from my old phone to fit the smaller size sim of this phone a month ago and it has been working fine.

Bought this as a gift for my father who has a hard time seeing with his 3 inch touchscreen phone. Loves the fact that he can see the letters without his glasses and can easily text and convert speech to text. I also have this phone too and it is so far the best phone that does not give me problems.

This would be a nice phone for the price except for one thing. You cannot install apps on the external SD card and there is not enough internal memory to install more than a few apps. It is inexcusable for LG to release a phone with so little internal memory and then disable installing apps on the external card. Other phone manufacturers using Android 4 and above either install AT LEAST 8 GB of internal memory or they enable installation of apps on the external card. To do neither shows contempt for the people buying this phone, the last LG phone I will ever buy.

With a day's worth of battery available, this little guy will make the call and get you there too.  The wifi calling is one of the best parts of the phone and makes texting/calls in basements a breeze.  Very happy with this phone!

Don't compare it with high end mobiles. For this price I will say its a superb phone.  If you are a normal user who just needs to make calls and browse internet or navigate using GPS then this phone is right for you. I don't know about gaming performance and I believe this phone is not for that. I switched recently from att to tmobile and bought this phone from amazon. Its working fine and I'm happy with it. Lg did a good job by bringing a budget friendly mobile like this

Love my new cell phone, still learning everything, but its really great phone for the money, a realy good value and a good product

Good phone for the money, can get a bit sluggish when multitasking. But all in all a pretty good phone.

Best choice for us! Great Product.  We ordered it to go with our Walmart Family Plan.  It was added at no cost and internet is free. Wonderful

on time great

THis phone is the best! I love it a lot. It is a good size to text with and never falls out of my hands.

I wish there was a way to make sure everyone who was written a bad review on this product reads this post, specially Mr. Ryan Sondalle whom I believe is the most genuine reviewer from what I've read (You have a hardware problem, particular only to you. Has nothing to do with the 4.1.2 update).This phone is magnificent. Out of the box there was one thing that made me uncomfortable and was the fact that it's too light for my used-to-carry-a-BBBold 9930 hands. This of course are great news for some people, therefore I'm not considering it to be a reason to take a star off my review. Very light, slim and comfortable build. When I actually bought it, there was a sale event at TMo and I got it for $100. i immediately bought a screen protector and a rubber case, which have made the phone to stay in mint conditions.This phone is Wi-Fi calling enabled, this means that whenever you are connected to a WiFi network, your phone will disconnect from the TMO network and all your communication will go through the internet instead of the antennas. Now TMo has unlimited calls and texts, so this won't represent any savings in those areas, but the high-speed data is not unlimited, and the fact that you get &#34;unplugged&#34; from the TMo network assures that not a single little byte will get out of your monthly data plan.If that was it, it'd be enough for most people. There's more. WiFi calling enables you to use your phone outside of the United States AS IF you were in American soil as long as you are connected to a WiFi network. The moment I proved this was possible, I jumped into my.t-mobile.com and bought two more of this phones. See, the core of my family lives outside of the US, and for years I've had to pay for services like Vonage or MagicJack, even Google Voice, and to realize that I could get rid of all those services by adding a line to my TMo plan for just $10 left me speechless.This phone may not have the best features, it may come packed with lots of bloatware (carrier apps, pre-installed and not easily removable), but I would recommend it to anyone who is looking for a low-cost solution. It also takes very decent pictures.The reason why this phone is getting 4 starts instead of 5 is the low internal storage. For someone who exchanges a lot of media content with friends or likes to install all sort of games and apps, this phone will get packed up real quick. I've had to clean up my phone multiple times. I'm now left with the essential apps, and I clean up my phone in a regular basis. There are ways of getting around this problem, but it's not easy.In response to Alexander, a review from three days ago, the word &#34;unlocked&#34; is not used anywhere in the description of the product. But, if you are a TMo customer, you can request the unlock code and then you'll be free to use it in another network.I respect the opinion of everyone who's leaving bad reviews, but for those who are looking into buying a new phone I can vouch for this one.

For the price it is a good phone. It is hard to turn on and off and it is hard to answer a call.

Simple, intuitive and has all the features you need for a smartphone.  Would definitely recommend.  It is also a good size.

When I bought this phone a Target about two months ago, I thought I hit the jackpot.  My initial reception for this phone was great.  It is got a big, bright and colorful screen, great picture and video qualities, responsive processors, and despite being loaded with junk apps, I was still impressed with all the features in Android 4.1.  It was until last week when the phone started to turn itself off when during standby mode several times.  I first thought this was caused by rouge apps so I did several factory resets, but the issue continues.  Now virtually when the phone is on standby, it turns off itself and the only way to turn it back on is to remove and re-insert the battery.  Even then the phone becomes very hot and the battery drains quickly despite being off.  I took the phone back to Target for an exchange but the return period had expired.  I am now counting on Customer Support from LG to provide me with a solution to my situation.Today is Nov. 24 2013.  I had since returned this phone to LG for repair.  When I received the phone back from LG last week I thought all the issues with the phone were fixed.  They told me on a note that they have replace the flash memory on my phone with no other comments, but when I turned to phone on it quickly turned itself off again, then it got really hot and eventually all power was drained from the battery within minutes.  I have contacted LG customer support again and this time they offered me free shipping for repair.  I hope they will get it right this time.Today is Dec. 14 2013.  I just received my phone back from LG.  This time they told me the board has been replaced.  I was hoping the phone would work smooth from then on boy was I wrong.  Just after 5 minutes of use the phone turned itself off again, I then inserted a different battery and sim card but it changed nothing.  The phone behaved just like before; it froze, hanged, and kept turning itself off on standby.  I immediately called LG support again and they were quite courteous and offered me free return and repair for the third time.  At the moment I am not holding a lot of hope for this phone, but I still hope they can repair it.  I will keep you updated when further information comes along.Today is Jan. 5 2014.  I got my phone back from LG after for its third repair yesterday and it didn't work but it has been working fine since today after it has been fully charged.  They told me they have replaced the proximity sensor and the flash memory(the second time).  It seems they really fix the phone this time but all those repair works has caused such deformity to my phone that the back cover no longer fits completely, but since I have a case for the phone, I could easily ignore such minor inconvenience.  I am just glad it works, well at least for now.  I am not sure if I need to update my experience with this phone anymore since it is no longer on the market.  I don't have too much to say for this phone and its build quality, but I really can commend LG customer support service.  They are quick, decisive and always courteous.  If only LG had held the same quality on manufacturing same as to their customer service, I would not have written such a long review.  This will be my last input for this phone, unless someone requests for more information.

This is a great phone for the price.  The mobile version comes with quite a bit of bloatware.  The biggest issue is the fact that all of the phone data is stored on the local memory and not the SD card.  In other words, you can run out of application data if you download data heavy apps.You can still load music and videos on the SD card and access them, but it's a minor nuisance that simply shouldn't be there.The 4.5 inch screen took a month to get use to.  I don't think I'd like to have a screen any bigger then that for everyday use.  It's light weight and small...garnering compliments from those think it's one of the latest hot models.  The screen brightness and clarity is excellent as well.  Just wish they'd fix the software decisions on this one!

Overall I'm delighted with this phone. When you combine its low cost (a third of an iPhone's cost) with T-Mobile's $30/month (more or less) unlimited data plan you wind up with a lot of functionality at low cost. (Note that this plan includes only 100 minutes a month cell phone service. Additional minutes are only ten cents per, however, so if you're not a heavy talker or can get by using VOIP service such as Skype or Google Voice (or whatever they call it currently), you can get by nicely.)My few gripes, which are pretty standard, are:1. it comes loaded with a ton of bloatware, which cannot be deleted. This wastes space, and app storage space is limited. (Is this necessary or just T-Mobile being perverted?)2. The glass face is not as scratch resistant as I'd like. So, you wind-up buying a package of screen protectors. Not the end of the world.But these are endurable and it's a super phone for the money.
