
We purchased this phone as an emergency phone for our daughter. For that, it works well. She is able to get service in most places and call quality is fine.I would not have purchased this particular phone, however, if I knew that it did not have the ability to vibrate. She misses a lot of calls because she usually has the ringer turned off for school and forgets to turn it back on. Without the vibrate feature, it's hard to catch a call when you can't have the ringer on. She also receives A LOT of junk calls and you cannot block the calls from the contacts.It's adequate for the price paid.

First the better. I took advantage of the shopcelldeals ebay store to save shipping on this deal. Thanks to Giant Eagle's sale going on from 02/27/14 through 03/12/14, this deal can now be beat on Amazon. The deal is a bit more complicated than I would like, but simple enough. Buy $100 in either Sears or Staples gift cards in one transaction and get $10 towards your next purchase, plus 10 cents off per gallon in fuel perks. Take the card(s) to Sears or Staples (whichever is applicable) and purchase one or more Amazon gift cards. Just the $10 coupon brings the Amazon costs down to $40.49/deal and if you get the full 30 gallons with fuel perks you can bring this down to as low as just over $37.79/deal. BTW. Sears/KMart gives double rewards on purchase of their own card every day ( but you don't get any rewards for purchasing a gift card with a Sears card), so by buying a Sears card at Sears/KMart then using it to purchase an Amazon gift card you can get the Amazon cost down to $40.49 every day.I bought my deal to activate an Android Tracfone. Unfortunately, with Android Tracfones the transfer of minutes and service days is one way. Can't use an Android Tracfone? Too bad, all you can transfer back is your phone number. To make matters worse, Android Tracfones come with no setup minutes or service days, so you have to load minutes and service days on them to try them out. My solution was to purchase one of these deals, use the card to add minutes (and 90 service days) to my 840g, transfer the minutes and service days from the 800g to the Android after activating the 800g with a new number, then once I verified everything was working, transfer my number, minutes, and service days to the Android Tracfone.This could have lead to a loss of 365 service days, but at most 20 minutes, much less risky than most other approaches.

This is going for about the same price as a 1 year service renewal direct from Tracfone. It is like getting the phone free and you get triple minutes for life with this phone. Its not the latest and greatest phone on the market nor is it even the most recent model but it still a heck of a deal compared to just renewing from Tracfone.

I thought it was very easy to activate. Phone time and use days came on immediately.  No hassles,  the item came when expected and everything was in the box. I like the change up to keyboard style of message feature, and the large screen.

If you do a lot of texting do not buy this phone.  It is very difficult to text with.  The touch screen does not work well.  You rarely get the characters you are trying to type.  I would not recommend this phone.

Great bargain!

Spent many hours to correct.Had to wait for 3 weeks to get a new sym card.  Now the Names for the directory duplicates letters, example L is Li, K is Kk or Kl.

Bought this phone because we already have two. The triple minutes and one year of service are a great deal for $40.

It's just a back up phone, but I liked the deal about calling overseas for the same rate as local calls, and this is why I chose Tracfone. I was aware that you can not call cell phone numbers in some countries at the discount rate, but surprised to find that if your country is not on the list, you simply can not call there at any price. This leaves me with only one number to call, but it's still worth it to call my parents. After going trough the lengthy Tracfone procedure, calling some 800 number, then dialing an access code, and then dialing my parents, I get a recording saying; &#34;this is an illegal number.&#34; I try a few more times, and then try again a week later. Perhaps I had made a mistake or perhaps there was something wrong with the line that day. No luck getting trough so I call Tracfone. It ends up being several long calls. I will not give you a lengthy rant about bad, incompetent service and no solution to your problems. You have heard the same story many times before.Cons: My phone came with one year of service and about 300 minutes. At this point my minutes are nearly used up. I have made less than a dozen local phone calls, totaling less than half an hour. I have listened to messages from some criminal trying to sell me a fake cruise ticket. I have not yet been able to make an international call to anyone I know. I have spent the majority of my minutes waiting on hold and talking to Tracfone service reps. They are now suggesting that I call them from a different telephone so that they can troubleshoot this one.Pros: Tracfone has kept their promise of letting me make international calls at local rates. In fact nearly all my calls have been overseas. I am not sure exactly what countries I have been calling, but it is quite obvious that English is not the first language in any of them. It would be nice if I could at some point make international calls to people I actually know, rather than to the Tracfone call centers around the world.P.S. This rating is obviously for the Tracfone service, and not for the hardware. Since the Phone can not be used with any other company there is no point making a distinction. Please be aware that this low rating is NOT meant to reflect on the seller here on Amazon. I would give the seller five stars for excellent service and follow up.

I am pleased with how easy the phone is to use and especially pleased with the year of service that came with it.  I was also able to transfer all of my minutes to it.  I don't use it very often, so I may not have to spend any money on it all year!

Great value; new phone, service and double minutes for life for less than the cost of a years worth of service.Switching phone number was easy and stress free

I have been using TracFones for at least 8 years. I would update them at least every 2 years, transferring my existing number and credits to the new phone without a problem, however, this time out of the existing 3,287.7 minutes of credit that I had on the old phone, all they gave me was about 100 on the 800g. I called back the next day to try another rep and explain my problem but all I got was a condescending speaking guy who could not give me a reason that made sense for the transfer of only 100 minutes.I do like the LG800G phone, however, it would really help to have english speaking reps that one can understand when activating and transferring existing time.

Things are difficult to find, for example, the speaker phone.  It can only be accessed during a call, it is under the &#34;unlock&#34; button.  On occasion images of people with a number on each one appear on the main screen.  Don't know why, does that mean I missed calls, but no calls are listed on the logs.  A few times, the ringer on the phone did not ring when a call came in.  I had set it on the loudest setting, somehow it goes off.  Also the front screen locks in about 5 seconds, I have it set to lock in 60 seconds.  It made setting up my voicemail difficult as it was continuously locking while I was trying to follow &#34;setup&#34; directions.  The tutorial does not address these problems, and there is no explanation of the icons that on occasion appear on the main screen.  Very frustrating!!!Vinnie

does what it should do. really no complaints other than it can be hard to text if you have big fingers. i sometimes hit the wrong button on the touchscreen.

I got  it for my  son and he ran out of minutes in a week so I told him that  he had to buy his own minutes. He texts to much

was sent a phone that would not work for my area code.  spent 40 minutes on phone trying to activate, with rep. I could not understand, finally was told I had to have a different phone, recieved 2nd phone which was ok, but only came with 20 minutes & 30 days.  The reason I ordered the original phone was because of the minutes/days.  On phone for 2nd time to activate, with another rep I could not understand, was told nothing they could do, finally they did &#34;give&#34; me 120 days and 300 minutes, after I had to argue with them for almost 30 minutes which I HATE TO DO.  Very bad experience, phone just fair, I still have to say &#34;Can you hear me now?&#34;  Also ordered 2 accessories, that came in separate orders, but don't work  on this phone, grrr.  Would prefer &#34;zero&#34; stars.

Cannot find where this phone connects to internet. Otherwise, it was fantastic for my 10 year old son as an emergency phone.

Phone works great, battery life lasting 4 days.  The price was just too good.  Great for young children and for backup.

I love this phone with its easy to use touch screen. As with any new phone it does have a learning curve but I think most people would find it easy to use. However, the red "end" key and green "send" key have very little color making them harder to see/use quickly.We have several land line phones, both corded and cordless. I can hear much better with this LG-800 than with any of them.I put a 4gig micro SD card in it for photos but haven't transferred any to a PC yet so can't comment on photo quality.Tried using the online activation but wasn't successful. Had to call their toll free number on another phone and wound up having a conversation with a pleasant sounding fully automated computer. It had me put four long codes into the phone which successfully activated it immediately. Same story when I tried to transfer minutes off the old phone, only I wound up talking to a human for that. All in all, a painless experience.The 200 minute 90 day call card automatically changed into one year/600 minutes when it was activated. Tracfone added an extra 90 days and 30 minutes as a freebie. Also, the vendor I bought from threw in a couple gel skins as freebies too.

Easy to use, easy to program, great price.  Why do I need twelve more words before I can submit this?  I have no more words to say about this product.

Very inexpensive phone.  Easy to use with excellent  reception.  A week latter I even bought a second one for my wife to replace her Tracfone.

Let me start off by saying that this is not a smartphone. Not by a longshot. It is however a capable and handy phone. I particularly like the handwriting text input, but that's not everyone. Otherwise I'm stuck with entering text with the onscreen numeric keypad which I despise. From that perspective it would be nice to have an onscreen letter keyboard, but considering that the touch sensitivity isn't so accurate, perhaps that wouldn't work out either.

I'M GETTING THIS PHONE IS BRAND NEW AND SAFE FAST MAIL FROM SELLER. I CALLED TO THE TRACFONE TOLL FREE NUMBER FOR ACTIVATION IT. I'M STILL WAITING FOR TO GET THE NEW SIM CARD FROM TRACFONE ON THE WAY MAIL TO ME NOW. THIS PHONE IS LOOK NICE CUTE AND SOMETHING NEW I LIKE TO LEARN. I JUST WANT BASIC GOOD SPEAKER PHONE AND GOOD SERVICE SAVE MONEY FOR BILLS. I'M HAPPY WITH THIS PHONE EVEN I AM NOT USE IT YET BUT LAST YEAR I BOUGHT SAMSUNG PHONE + SERVICE TRACFONE WAS SO GOOD NOTHING WRONG TO ME. I'M BUYING THIS PHONE FOR MYSELF USE 5 PCS AND 1 OR 2 FOR MY DAD .I THINK THIS PHONE IS GOOD DEAL OF NOT HAVE TO PAY MONTHLY BILL ALSO NO CONTRACT AND SIMPLE CAN USE IN CASE EMERGENCY . I DO HAVE HEART PROBLEM NEED PHONE COVER MY SAFE EVERYWHERE I GO. I DON'T EXPECT TOO MUCH MORE THAN AS BASIC PHONE AND IF I FORGET OR LOST NOT HAVE TO WORRY . I LIKE BECAUSE IT HAS A SPEAKER PHONE HELP ME FREE HAND WHILE I DOING THING AND TALK ON THE PHONE. THIS IS GOOD PHONE ALSO GOOD DEAL FOR LOW INCOME DISABILITY LIKE ME. I LIKE IT.PLEASE EVERYONE SHOULD NOTE THE INTERNET OR TEXT FUNCTION OF THIS PHONE IS EASY EATING UP THE MINUTE IF ACCIDENT TOUCH ON IT OR OPEN IT THEN YOU HAVE TO BE CAREFULLY. THIS IS NICE PHONE FOR ME AND I HOPE OF IT WILL NOT HAS A PROBLEM LAST LONG FOR ME SAVE MONEY PAY DOCTOR BILL.I'M VERY HAPPY WITH THIS PHONE AND TRACFONE SERVICE IS VERY NICE TO ME NO COMPLAINT AT ALL SO FAR. ALL YOU NEED THAT IS YOU HAVE TO BE PATIENT IF MEET CUSTOMER SERVICE OVER PHONE FOR HELP ACTIVATION THE PHONE. THEY DONE GOOD JOB AND NICE AND FRIENDLY EVEN OFFER MORE TIME VALUE FOR PHONE PLUS ADDED MORE FREE MINUTES ON THE PHONE SO NICE AND SO EASY. I'M HONESTLY NOT SURE OF WHY SO MANY PEOPLE ARE COMPLAINT OF TRACFONE SERVICE BUT FOR ME I DID NOT HAVE ANY PROBLEM WITH THEM BUT THE ONLY REALLY HARD TO UNDERSTAND ENGLISH OVER THE PHONE NEED REALLY CALM DOWN AND TAKE TIME TO GET DONE WITH ACTIVATION THE PHONE .TRACFONE IS GOOD BUSINESS AND I WILL BUY MORE AND MORE IF THEY ARE KEEPING GOOD DEAL SAME NOW FOR ME. YES, I'M RECOMMEND TO EVERYONE NEED PHONE USE BUT WANT SPEND LESS MONEY SHOULD GO WITH TRACFONE FOR TRIPLE MINUTES LIFE TIME .I KNOW EVERY CELLPHONE BRAND COMPANIES SERVICE  ARE THE SAME HAS SOME GOOD AND SOME BAD. I THINK TRACFONE IS GREAT FOR ME .I BOUGHT 2 PHONES ON LAST YEAR 1 FOR ME AND 1 FOR MY DAD STILL USE ITS NOW NO PROBLEM AT ALL . IT WAS SO FAR OVER 10 MONTHS SINCE I BOUGHT THE PHONE AND THE SERVICE MINUTES NOT GONE STILL NOT USE DONE YET.THE ONLY THING I'M NOT SURE YET THAT'S IS I CAN NOT ABLE TO SEE MY PHONE NUMBER DISPLAY IN THIS PHONE WHEN I CHECK ON WHAT IS MY NUMBER BELONG TO THIS PHONE FROM TRACFONE GIVES ME BUT I FIND OUT MORE THAN ONE TIME NOTHING DISPLAY AT ALL. I'M WAITING THE TRACFONE OFFICE IS SENDING THE NEW SIM CARD TO ME THEN I CAN ABLE TO TRANSFER MY OLD NUMBER PLUS MY OLD LEFTOVER MINUTES STILL NOT FINISH USE DONE YET TO THIS NEW PHONE.LET I GET THE SIM CARD AND DONE EVERYTHING THEN I WILL GET BACK UPDATE MORE INFORMATION HELP ANOTHER TO KNOW ABOUT THIS PHONE AND THIS TRACFONE SERVICE.SO FAR, I'M LEARNING STILL HOW TO USE IT NOW THIS MOMENT .I'M BUYING 5 PCS OF TOTAL .I'M GIVING TO MY DAD ONE AND I WILL KEEP 5 OR 4 PCS FOR USE EVERYDAY HERE .I DO LIKE BECAUSE THE PHONE IS NOT TOO MUCH MINUTES REALLY GOOD NOT HAVE TO WORRY IF LOST OR GET STOLEN FROM BAD ONES.I CALLED FOR ACTIVATION AND THE PHONE IS WORKING RIGHT AWAY AND IT'S REAL OVER 600 MINUTES + 1 YEAR SERVICE (12 MOTHS ) + ADD EXTRA FREE 90 DAYS NO KIDDING AT ALL . IT'S MEANING I HAVE 600 MINUTES CAN USE IN 15 MONTHS BEFORE EXPIRATION DONE.I'M ALSO SEE ON MY PHONE HAS 10 MINUTES FREE BESIDE OF TOTAL THE 600 MINUTES DEAL OF TRACFONE GIVES ME.UPDATE : 5/23/2014 3:42 AM. I CALLED THE TRACFONE SERVICE PEOPLE THEN I GOT HELPED DONE WITH ACTIVATION FOR MY 2 PHONES SO FAR NOT EVEN NEED WAITED OVER 30 MINUTES FOR TO ACTIVATION AT ALL. THE PHONE NUMBER FOR THE PHONES ARE TOTALLY SHOWING ON THE SCREEN TAKE CARE OF MY WORRY NOW. I THOUGHT OF THIS PHONE HAS DEFECTIVE AT THE VERY FIRST CHECKED ON IT. I WENT OUT FOR SHOPPING FORGET MY PHONE BUT LUCKY THE STORE IN MN HERE FOUND IT AND KEPT IT FOR ME THEN I CAME PICKED IT UP BACK. SEE, THAT WHY I LOVE THIS PHONE FIT MY NEED IN CASE I LOST IT BECAUSE EASY FORGET. IT'S BETTER THAN BUY THE ONLY PHONE CARD VERY GOOD DEAL JUST READY TO USE SAVE MAKE EASY FOR MY LIFE. I WANT TO BUY MORE AND MORE IF I ENOUGH MONEY. EVERYONE HAVE DIFFERENT OPINION. I LIKE THIS SERVICE GIVE ME FREE PHONE NUMBER IN MY LOCATION EXACTLY OF WHAT I WANT . SO HAPPY , SO HAPPY, SO HAPPY. I CAN GO OUT NOW WITHOUT OF WORRY IF MY HEART IS ATTACHING CAUSE ME TIRED STOP BREATHING ABLE MAKE PHONE CALL 911 FOR HELP ME IN CASE EMERGENCY WITHOUT OF NO PHONE JUST CRY LIKE IN THE PAST NO MONEY CAN AFFORD FOR CELLPHONE SERVICE WITH CONTRACT. I'M THANKS GOD FOR FIND TRACFONE GOOD DEAL. THIS IS SAVE MY LIFE SERIOUS NO KIDDING AT ALL.

I don't do a lot of Mobile calling, texting, or otherwise.  This phone suits my needs.  It seems to keep signal and has lots of features.  Anyone who does a lot of browsing or texting might want a separate keyboard instead of touchscreen.  Since I don't keep it on much, sometimes it is hard to tell if the phone is truly off or only sleeping.  The power button can be tough to work at times.  Good, since it can't easily get bumped by accident, but tricky when you want to power on or off and you have to find the right angle to squeeze the tab just right.

I got three of these - one for each of my teenagers.  They met and exceeded my expectations.  I do wish I had looked up a bonus code because I understand that we could have gotten even &#34;more&#34; minutes if I had used that when adding the minutes to the phone.  But we did actually get 15 months prepaid - the phone came with one year of service plus a 200 minute / 90 day card.  When we added the card, the minutes got tripled and 90 days got added to the year.  Not a bad deal at all!

We have 5 of this phone in our family (6...if you count having washed one and needing to buy another).  It's a great phone.  You will need to buy a 4 gig micro sd card if you want to add ringtones.  I make my own ring tones, using phone zoo, which you can transfer via usb/phone cord (you can get one cheaply on Ebay).I personally have the one up from this, the LG 840G.  This phone CANNOT connect to the internet via your router.  The LG 840G can.  Otherwise, I don't notice a huge difference.  This phone is slightly smaller than that one.  One nice thing about the LG840G vs the LG 800G is getting messages the phone locks up before you can put the code in and you have to manually unlock it.  That is not an issue with the 840.  The only other comparison I can think of that is lacking is you have to wait for this one to lock (you can change the time it takes to do that) and I can lock the 840G by turning the screen off.  I tried it on the 800G and it doesn't work that way.  Given I set them to lock in 10 seconds,not a big deal.My kids, my father in law, Mother and my husband all use this phone.  It was easy for my grade school kids to figure out and understand.  My mother has a TERRIBLE time with anything related to technology.  I was surprised at her lack of problems using this phone.  It is very straight forward.For anyone curious if this phone will work in their area, this can be a problem though easily fixed.  It comes with either an AT&T; chip or a Virgin Mobile chip.  My state does not have Virgin service.  Only 2 of the phones I ordered (all from this business this is listed under, who is easy to work with) came with the chip I needed.  Tracfone--who sucks to deal with because the calls are shipped overseas--will make you activate the phone..  Then they make you wait 24 hours to see if it will work.  They won't tell you what chip is in it, I tried to explain that only one of the chips work, no matter, you still have to play the scripted game.  After the 24 hours they will move you up one and have you put some numbers in the phone.  Then you have to wait either 24 or 48 hours (depends on who you get when you call back).  THEN they will take your address and send you a new sim card.  The upshot is this is cheaper, and the minutes are a good deal, than if you ordered from Tracfone's site.  So, I wouldn't worry about whether the phone will work in your area, Tracfone will (for free) make sure it works for you provided one of those two carries work for you.  You just have to go in knowing you will be on the phone for a fair amount of time trying to make it work.  They will not vary from their script--I had a working sim from a phone that was washed, and asked if we could just put that in instead of them sending me one.  That did NOT go over well.  You have to play their game.  It can, however, take up to 2 weeks to make your phone work.We transferred phone numbers in 2 cases.  They indicate the phone will work until they do the transfer, not true.  My verizon phones were cut off immediately.  One phone worked after 24 hours.  The other worked after a week.  I do like tracfone,though.  I text a lot and call rarely so my minutes last quite awhile.  If you are new to tracfone and don't use your phone heavily, I think it's worth it.  Minutes continue to transfer over as long as you don't run out of time.  It's a great deal for us, it meant my grade school kids could have phones for safety reasons.  They will never use the minutes up, so the one year of service works fabulously for us.  Even with my husband talking on his LG 800G daily, it's been cheaper than with verizon.  Sending pictures and receiving pictures do suck up minutes.  Also, some of the smart phones will send messages as if they are photo, that takes up more minutes that I'd like--but it's a rare issue.  I recommend this phone as well as the LG840.

wanted for emergency only, exactly what I needed, not a smart phone but closest thing to one for the price.very pleased

My current tracfone stopped working so I bought this one to replace it.Ideally I would like to activate this phone and keep my old number and to get credit for the time thru June 2014 that I paid for with my old cell added to the 600minutes and one year service I get with this one.Can this be done or must I loose the time I paid for with the old broken gone

Price?  Here, as of this writing, you can pay ShopCellDeals $44.98ppd. thru Amazon.  But if you just go to ShopCellDeals dot com, you pay $37.99ppd.  (Important note- You can not browse at SCD and find this deal.  You must search for "LG800G with One Year of Service" to find it)  Anyway, you end up with fine cell phone service at a total cost of $2.53/month!  If you need more time, it's minutes tripled for life.  How can you beat that?My instinct is to stockpile some of these, getting years service at a really low price.  I have asked, and both ShopCellDeals and Tracfone have replied in writing, that nothing here expires, ever.  In addition, I have a personal back story. . .Years ago, Net10 (Net10 and Tracfone are the same company) allowed resellers a super cheap deal on dumb phones that worked out to $3.33/month.  I bought a dozen.  Activating a new phone on line, keeping my number and carrying over of my pile of minutes, cost me very little time.  There are some advantages to doing this.  If you lose a phone, step on it, drop it in the john, it just quits working, or whatever, you just activate a new one from your pile.  Instant fix!  The cost and inconvenience of these mishaps becomes zero.  You can also carry a stash of charged batteries with you, and have days of talk time available away from power.  (I am even left with a pile of pricey lithium batteries and chargers, which I now use in electronic projects)  Indeed, nothing at all expired over the years of service I got.  So, that gives me the courage to buy 4 of these LG800 phones, for 5 years of really cheap cell phone service.  End up with lots of good working cell phones?  Fed law says that 911 has to work free forever, so I just pass them on to women's shelters and local homeless folks.Phones?  I am delighted with them!  Most of the complaints in these reviews concern missing features which are found when the (somewhat incomplete) user manual, available on the LG site, is consulted.  And the many complaints of high finger pressure needed for the touch screen have an EASY fix.  You will be delighted with the high sensitivity and accuracy you get using a stylus instead of your big fingertip.  You can type WAY faster on the QWERTY keyboard with a stylus.  I got a pack of 5 Nintendo DS styluses on a bargain table at Walmart for $2.  They are about the length of the phone.  I cut the length a bit, and slide them in the camera lens hole in the rubber cover.  'Keeps it real handy.  It may turn out that gals with long nails are already fixed.I bought a 4GB micro SD card (the largest the phone will accept) for about $5.  The LG800 plays music very well, and 4GB holds about 40 hours of mp3. You will want a USB to microUSB cable to connect the phone to your PC, where it will appear as a disk drive for your music, pics, vids. An inexpensive neat addition, moves from phone to phone in seconds, no tools.Service?  I (and others) report having gotten good service from both Tracfone and ShopCellDeals.  I just ordered the last two of these phones, and the time from placing the order, to the time I got an email saying order shipped and here's your tracking number, was 2 hours 39 minutes(!)  Also, there are good "service" tips right here in Amazon's reviews.  Especially valuable is the excellent setup advice in the review by Ali Julia (tells you how to configure the phone to store everything on the SD card).One concern I have had is that some people report trouble getting the included 1 year to show up;  A few folks say they got 12 months;  Most say they got 15.  'Seems that folks are signing up all sorts of different ways.  After reading all the reviews, I decided upon my path to activation, and I am happy to report that it worked perfectly for me the first time.  In a few minutes, I was told that I had everything which had been promised.  So, if any others would like an accurate and detailed accounting, here's what I did.At Tracfone dot com, I used the "activate my Tracfone with a new number" path, and ended up activated with 20 minutes of service (they give you for testing) and an expiration date of today.  Oops!  I turned the phone off then back on, and was told that I now had 20 minutes and 1 year.  Yes!  Strangely, although my phone showed that it was activated, the phone number screen ("dice"/prepaid/my phone number) was blank.  After another off/on sequence, that screen showed me my new phone number.  Then, I made a short test call to verify operation.  Perfect!  Only after seeing I had 19 minutes of talk, 1 year of service, and a working phone number did I use the phone's "add airtime" function to add on the 3 month card.  After another off/on, I saw the correct 619 minutes and 455 days of service on the phone.  Huzzah!  Huzzah!  So, that exact sequence is what worked for me.  I wish everyone the good luck I had. Your mileage may vary;)

This is a small phone with a 1-year service. It functions well and it was simple tohave my existing Tracfone units transferred to it.

as a low tech user looking to make calls the phone is easy to use and the triple minute promo attached to the phone is a definite plus.

It ecko's alot. It cut off on you while you are talking. It is too small for me, the picture on the advertisement actually look bigger than the phone itself.I would not recommend that phone to anyone.

First the battery didn't fit, then  After 3 new Sims cards it  never would give me a phone Number.  Not a good Phone

I had the D-O-G X-ferring over the 50 or so min. I had left on the old fone.Ready for a brand new super TracFone service??? >>>>>>>>> WAIT!!!I love them anyway.YOU MUST UNDERSTAND that you must devote YOUR TIME that the Verizon ATT etc. REPspent getting your PLAN FONE to work, and you must DO THIS YOURSELF with TRACFONE!!!!So you can write block letters on the screen to send a text. KIDS gotta love that gimmick.I use a soft ballpoint end to peck out a text ON THE KEYBOARD and the pen method is solid.When you get a call you just hit the GO BUTTON....EZ.....Later the fone locks screen at aninterval of your choice. BUT you could "buttdial' dropping it in your pocket B4 the screen locks--i never did --- but I hear the beeps and all until the lockscreen takes the screen out after a call.GET IT!!!  How much is it?  OK!! That is exactly how far you could go wrong!!I mean versus a $100/mo for 24 month lock in....that is $2,500.00 wrong!!BROWSER-----Takes time to find the TRUE MOBI SITES --- minute eater,once you got trimmed down mobi sites BOOKMARKED it is fast surfing....Use TracFone MOBI 1stfor news and sports scores sites to BOOKMARK......then try  Yahoo! too.I could not find fast GOOGLE mobi....must be phased out.

Fast shipping.I purchased because was $20.90. Phone is good as an emergency for kids or as a back up phone.

Good product with reasonable price. I took back my last review of LG840G that don't buy 840G and buy LG800G. Both very good. It took a time to learn about the LG840G. My family using both LG840G and LG800G and we love them both.

Not sure yet.Tried to activate it and was told Tracfone had to send me a newSim card and it seems there is an issue with the minutes and the one yearService time. I AM WAITING FOR THE SIM CARD.

we bought this as a burn phnoe for a trip to St Croix since our phones (verizon) don't work there. the phone with minutes and 1yr of service was a great deal it worked great and linked with gps bluetooth everytime getting in the car

I use my phone mainly for my convenience to call-out.  All the other features are a bonus for use as I find a need for them.  The price/effectiveness is far beyond any other phone I researched.  All my units were easily transfer from my previous Tracfone.  I tell my friends that I have a new Iphone, I for inexpensive.

The price for the 600 min one year airtime alone was worth $50. The phone is touch screen and basically free.

i love it .yes i will buy one more.i want to get a biger one with a spaker phone in itRose

This is the best deal I have ever seen on Tracfone LG800G with one year of Tracfone service plus 600 minutes (200 minutes tripled). It arrived quickly and everything was as described. VERY IMPRESSIVE. I made the mistake of activating the phone on the website rather than transfer the phone number from my old Tracfone using Tracfone Customer Service and had to wait while Tracfone mailed me a new SIM Card (took two days). I recommend going through Tracfone Customer Service although there is probably a way of activating the phone and transferring the number online. Once I installed the new SIM card Tracfone Customer Service did it all smoothly.I highly recommend ShopCelldeals and this deal to anyone wanting LG800G, one year of Tracfone service and 600 minutes. There are deals with more minutes and higher cost but this was the best for me since I already have enough minutes on my phone. As a result I have purchased another for my other Tracfone.

I am satisfied with my purchase. Not something I would use every day for emails, internet or messaging, although you can. But suits what I needed it for.

great little back up phone! Buy this phone as an emergency phone or  throw it at your I hate cell phones person. S/he won't hate the great value!!

Great for someone that does not use their mobile phones very much. Just need something to carry with me in case of need

Love the phone...love the one year and 600 minutes. Had a Tracfone a few years ago and it was a genuine pain to register...get minutes, etc. This time...smooth as can be online. They have really improved the process.

I ordered this as an emergency phone for my mother, who isn't a fan of the small buttons on other phones. The promised 1 year of service quickly appeared after online activation, and in fact, an additional 90 days that I wasn't expecting. For $45, she'll have a phone for traveling away from home, and the 600 minutes should be plenty for that purpose. Check the Tracfone website before activating, there's usually a code available for extra minutes (40 in this case). Shopcelldeals included 2 protective sleeves with the phone, 1 black and 1 pink. A terrific value for a light use phone.

Great for the money. Makes calls and texts fine. Better than the cheep phone I hd from AT@T word word

I purchased from HSN with triple minutes.  Have yet to be able to retrieve messages.  As I enter password; message prompts to enter password again; after third time; "goodbye".  Touch pad very sensitive.  I live in Tampa; no service most of the time; states "emergency calls only".

I love its smallness, bought from TV-sales came with 2 wonderful Rubber gloves.Just activated it. from other reviews learnt the Lock problem, but I like the lock function,I had other phones before, minutes disappear by hundreds without trace. So far so good, let it stay with 5-star for the time being. I always read the 1-star reviews first.

It is more economical to buy this new phone and have your accumulated minutes transferred to it, keeping your phone number than paying for a year's worth of time! The phone works great and has really held the charge well! We highly recommend it!

LG800g has more than met my expectations, and at the price, was a fantastic deal!  One of the things that I most like about it is that it is so comfortable to carry in my front pants pocket; I completely forget it's there (unlike my previous Motorola flip phone.)  Touch screen is not very sensitive, but I've gotten used to that. In fact, I like mine so well that I  bought a second one for my wife to carry with her.

I wasn't sure if it came with a charger so I did order one separately.  The one I got is brand new, in a sealed package with the wall charger. It was very easy to set up. This is my first tracphone so I am pleased so far.

This is a great phone for the price. It has all the features of more expensive smart phones. The ui is easy to use. And the touchscreen-while not as responsive as the iPhone-performs well. I was actually given 14 months of service and over 600 minutes surprisingly. For anybody who is not major cell phone user, you'd be unwise to pass up this deal.

I did my shopping....one year and 600 minutes for less than $80. Can't beat it!touchscreen phone, which my 15 yr. old likes...

it keeps locking up on me and by the time I get it unlocked I missed the call. Can only use it in town and than I need a landline to get any help. I did get a year of service and help I talked to was very nice but I don't enjoy the struggle trying to use it.

This is a great phone for those who don't live on there cell phones but want a little more outta there phone than the normal pre-paid phones.

I got this phone for my kid, just in case she will need it. This is a fantanstic deal. She likes the phone, on which she can listen to her mp3 and play angry bird. Love the deal.

Have not used it yet  I plan on usuing it when I take a trip this summer. fall and winter

it's not the easiest/ intuitive phone, but it's the best deal in terms of the 1 year service and the # of minutes that it comes with.  I needed something for 'emergency' only calls.  I don't need fancy.  If I wanted to 'text', I would have gotten the keyboard one (slider).

got it for my son and he loves it haven't had any problems with it is kinda of hard to navigate at first though

Easy and comfortable to use.  One of the absolute best values out there to begin with, and it even came with 20 more minutes and 90 days of service beyond what was advertised.  We just needed a basic phone for having with us when traveling.  There are more features than what we use, but the price is great!

My kids kidded me about not having a cell phone, but I could not resign myself into having 2 monthly bills! I found this deal and am now kissing Ma Bell good-bye!  Probably one of the best deals on anything I've ever bought.  Love the phone but even more, love getting away from the phone company.

I have used Tracfone for many years, I have always had good service with them. This LG800G is by far the best phone I've ever gotten with Tracfone.  It has the basic idea of a stripped down smart phone.  It does everything I want including handwriting to text. Clear good sound. Menu & functions are nicely intuitive, I added a screen protector,3 Pack LG 800G Premium Clear LCD Screen Protector Cover Guard Shield Protective Film Kit (3 Pieces).  I buy a new phone w/TMFL about every 18 months. Very happy with the seller also, prompt shipping.

The 600 minutes and one year of service gives us all we need because we only use this phone for the wife to have in case of an emergency and calling her relatives in Canada and France.

Ordered for emergency and infrequent use. Arrived quickly. SIM card was defective when I tried to activate but Tracfone sent a new one and received in just a few days. Activated phone via telephone and had no problems. Gave me 600 minutes and actually more than a year service plan - about 14 1/2 months. Pleased so far.

arrived quickly worked as expected

WE ARE SO GLAD FOR THIS PHONE.  IT WAS VERY SIMPLE AND EASY TO ACTIVATE, EVEN FOR US IN OUR SEVENTIES.WE LIKED IT SO MUCH THAT WE GOT A SECOND ONE FOR MY WIFE TO USE.IT OFFERS MANY USEFUL FEATURES.  WE USE THE CAMERA PHONE A LOT.

Purchased for granddaughter for her 12th Birthday. Its smaller than I realized but works good for her. It fits in pockets well and she loves it!

but for $39 including a year of service and 1000 minutes, SUCH A DEAL!!!  Good for us guys who only make a few calls a month.

GREAT phone! Easy to use!  And Tracfone makes it affordable for my needs.  I was so impressed with the 1st one I bought for my husband that I treated myself to one (and upgraded my old tracfone).  Kudos to Tracfone too - I was able to transfer my phone number to this new android type phone with a simple, voice prompt phone call to Tracfone.  (Also this new phone is sooooo much easier to text with!  No more hitting a button 3 or 4 times to change a letter :)  )

What a value for the price. The phone, minutes and shipped to the door for @$50. Attractive phone comes with cover choice of pink or black. I was worried about the touchscreen but it has a Qwerty keypad so it is easy to send texts. Delivered exactly as promised on all of the items listed. Goodbye big telecom!

The price for this new phone with a year of service (plus a 90 day, 200 minute card) was way cheaper than buying only a year of service.

The phone is nice but there was no 1 year of service automatically added to the phone when activated as this company falsely advertises.It's still a bargain, I just don't appreciate the false advertising about 1 year of service upon activation.

Tracfone would not activate this phone for my area. Had to make an exchange, and exchange did not work well.Their program is great but having trouble with their tower reception lately. Just keep in mind these &#34;G&#34; phones aren't compatible everywhere.

The instructions can be more detailed to give the user a better idea on how to use certain features. It also doesn't give much instruction in removing and adding a MicroSD card. Removing the battery is fairly difficult without a flat instrument but you can use the battery cover. The phone locking and other things can make things difficult when making calls but overall it is a good purchase. Also when using the speed dial it should show if it is the persons work, home or cell number.

The tracfone was delivered timely.  The initial phone setup was easy and the phone worked on the test call.  I purchased for someone else as a gift so I cannot comment on the actual functions and service at this time.  Overall it was a good deal provided the phone continues to work as expected.

So many problems, where to start?! First, getting bars to even make a call is hit or miss. And when you do get a hold of someone, the calls drop frequently. Just talking to air for several moments before I realize the call was dropped. I'm not expecting an iPhone, but I do expect my calls to go through.The phone also froze, then just died. So they replaced it, but they just traded one piece of crap for another! It locks constantly, to keep from pocket dialing, but it's very annoying to constantly be unlocking the phone when you're on with the bank or some such.Probably the worst thing for me is the tiny on screen keys. My hands are small, but my thumbs are still too big for the keys. I always overhearing letters. Scrolling through contact list is difficult as well because you have to push really hard on the screen. Absolutely do not waste your money on this phone. The only way to text properly on it is to use a stylus or a pencil eraser. Ugh. :-(

I like that this phone is touch screen and easy to use. I'm not a regular cell phone user, but nice to have if I need it.

I purchased this as a back up phone. For the price I paid the deal is excellent. The big problem that I faced was not due any fault of the vendor. His offer is perfectly valid. It is the customer service staff of Tracfone which almost made me return the phone as they were unable to make the SIM card work. Effectively I was not able to make or receive calls. I spoke to 4 different customer service representative (all girls) for 3 - 4 hours across 2 days and eventually a manager (another girl). The manager's advice to me was to return the phone as the SIM card can't be activated. I did not give up and made one final call one day later again to Tracfone. This time I hit a knowledgeable and very good customer service guy. He solved my problem in about 15 minutes and my phone started working. Makes me wonder what those girls and the manager are doing. Totally misguiding customers for nothing but their on inefficiency and lack of knowledge. So while activating the phone if you get wrong customer service reps.. well good luck.

The phone does what I need it to do: make and receive calls when I am on the road. The service establishment was a little difficult as the person did not speak or understand English very well (as usual) I probably should have tried to set it up online first. I still cannot get phone service in my home due to my location, as it was with Verizon, but at least I am no longer paying $40 a month.

Mom had to try a new phone because it was a better deal than just buying another year card. So far it is just fine. I'm thinking about buying another one for me.

I have had this phone for many months now, and it performs well, receives a good signal, and does all i need it to do, including playing MP3s. You cannot beet the price for 600 minutes, triple minutes, and a year service.

It's a nice cell phone. It is easy to use. I bought it for my 17 year old daughter for emergency contact purposes. She loves it.

The seller is quick. The phone is okay. But Tracfone customer service is a joke. I tried to transfer my service time / date into new phone online. The service time got transferred but not the service date.Emailed to the company but never got answered. Called the customer service. The representative's English is hard to understand and very rude. I ended up giving up my service time. In short, if you don't have to interact with their customer service, you are likely fine. In case you have to, it is a nightmare. I plan to use it out the minutes / or time and switch.

I would buy a phone from these sellers again. I just started a business and needed a good affordable phone. You can't beat one year of service and 600 minutes and for under $50.00 dollars. Thank you so much!

I've had a Tracfone before. I wish I had singed up for double minutes before ordering. Otherwise, this has been a good, reliable phone.

As the title says, no more and no less. I bought this package to replace my seldom used home phone and save some money, and it will certainly do that. To the tune of $360 a year. So that alone makes me happy. I have been a Tracphone customer for several years and am happy with the service and phones offered. This time around was the first time I ported a phone number with them. From a land line AT&T; phone to this Tracphone the port took 5 business days to complete and roughly a week overall. Not too bad considering it's a number I have had for well over a decade and now get to keep. Set up and activation was a fluid, worry free process.The phone itself? It's a good purchase imo. Battery life is good, and the touch screen works fine. Menus are well laid out, and it works reliably. The touch screen is the sort which takes some finger pressure (resistive) to activate but works well enough. However if a heavy txt'er it may irritate as using it's keyboard is not as touch sensitive as you might hope. The lock screen issue you may have read about may also irritate during some calls but I have had no problem working around it using the power button or turning on the speaker phone.If a regular phone user and looking for a good day to day phone I would suggest looking to the LG840 offered by Tracphone. I also own and use that phone and it is a nice upgrade over this one with it's effortlessly operated capacitive touch screen, larger size, and overall smoother operation. As a daily use phone it is more pleasant and convenient to operate and is a step up in tactile feel and build quality. It's around $20 more then this phone at the moment all other things being equal, and well worth it if your budget can afford and you need a frequent use phone with little fuss. Otherwise this phone, the lesser LG800, will do just fine if affordability is an issue or simply looking for a second phone or like myself, one to replace a little used land line. For my purposes this deal fit the bill perfectly.

This is my third LG 800G Tracfone, and I love them.  They work very well--they are very inexpensive and you can still access email and internet if you need to.  I love the touch screen, and the options for background, etc.

arrived in great time, and was just the newer replacement that I needed, plus there was a 1 year of time included plus some time.

The 'over anxious' screen LOCK makes it very difficult to retrieve Voice Mail from our 'land line' answer machine.Setting it to NEVER does not work.The key strokes - once the call has been made - do not even activate the MENU when phoning in for support. '!' for English, '2' for spanish etc does not work.  You have to wait for a person that cannot speak clear american english to answer.  Then you discover they do not understand the problem,  Eventually someone in tech support understood and made the necessary logic change.WWW was easily activated accidentally causing 200 minutes to be wasted while the TracFone was sitting idle.  Was advised that nothing could be done about this.  WWW was firmly set and not alterable.  Discovered this was WRONG.  WWW is a widget that can be moved to the bottom inactive set of widgets.  TracFone 'OWES' me.All but one of our issues are resolved after a month of trying.We still cannot 'easily' get pst the DUMB design of the LOCK 'pop up' that makes it very tough to get messages.Still hoping it is worth the WAIT !

i need it a sell phone without the contract (paying every month) and with the minutes i will only need. this phone comes with 600 minutes and one year service included. if u buy the 1 year service card alone, it will cost u 99.99. so buying it here is like getting a free phone. i use it for work and other things and im okay with it. sometimes, as normal with prepaid phones, there is a little signal loss when speaking with others. its really rare, i mean it. so if ur looking for a pre-paid phone, tracfone here will be right for u, and with this offer, u should definitly buy it. good talk.

Yesterday I got this phone and activated the phone via Tracphone #800-------- that was in the instructions. Had to wait 2 hours to receive the activation message. Then added the 200mins that I received along with the phone. Within few seconds I received a message saying 200+400 (bonus) minutes were added to my phone. More than worth the price. I got this phone for my wife. Very nice phone along with the package. I am on ATT contract for past 6 years, planning to toss this contract phone , and purchasing like this one for me.  I highly recommend this for those who use less 200 mins/month.

I love the phone and it arrived very quickly in time for my trip.  It was everything it was advertised to be.  I had a little trouble setting it up, but customer support helped with that.

A really good deal for someone who is on a budget.

This is my 3rd lg 800 2 I gave as gifts, one to a 90yr old with memory problems and it's great to put the picture in with the contacts makes it fun and helps for her to remember.  I put the sd card in and put all my cd;s on the phone so when I travel I use it with the car speaker and it is great.  When your done with this phone or upgrade give it to a young child maybe even someone autistic child this might just assist them with the contacts in picture form.  The quality of the sound is really great..can't go wrong with this phone also great for elderly as they can carry it around with them and don't have to hurry to try to answer the phone.  Love the phone..

Item as described. Quick delivery. It was frustrating activating the phone through the tracfone website, but that had nothing to do with the seller of this item. I would buy this phone again. The one thing you should check locally before you purchase is whether you get coverage in your area.

I'm not a big cell phone user. All I wanted in a phone was to make phone calls and text.  Heres what I didnt want... a contract, a monthly bill, and the ability to surf the web or check my email.  I have a iPad for that!I love this phone! It fits all  my requirements. I couldn't be happier especially at the end of the month when I don't have to pay a monthly phone and data plan.

Received phone yesterday. Took only 10 min. to set up and activate. Can do everything I need. Wow! What a great price( only $39 for the phone and 1 year of service and 600 min. of airtime) as I am not a constant user, and after that $99 a year for 1200 min.((only $8.66 a month) can't beat that. Phone works great. Thanks to Shopcelldeals for the fantastic deal (only took 2 days to get it)  Bernie S.

It seems to be working fine. My problem was that I ordered two at the same time.Continued on next item:

good product at a great price.i would recommend  this phone bundle to others looking for an affordable touch screen.nothing to complain about so far.

This is a good phone for the money but it is set up like a kids phone. So if you kid needs a phone this is the one.

Not being one who needs the latest and greatest Apple IPhone this phone suits me just fine and works fine.  It can get me on the web if I need it too.  The fact that it is a Tracfone is it's biggest plus. I like tracfone and it's method of getting a refill when I need it with no pain in the butt monthly bill (like I really need another one.) If you don't need the latest  smartphone or IPhone I can recommend this one. Getting 600 minutes to start out with  is a big plus also. Learning to use it (it really does many things!)can take a while but I really don't see this as a minus.  It is also true of many other things today in out digital/computerized world.  It just takes a little time. The owners manual will get you through the basics.

bought this phone to replace a flipphone it did take a little bit to get used to but really is a great litle phone. the size is nice and all the options on the phone are useful. really only use this to make calls so i didnt need something fancy with a contract i dont want to afford. i liked it so much bought one for my husband who only has a cellphone to keep in his vehicle . basic phone that works for us

I bought this phone for the triple minutes and 1 year status but the phone apps are cheap and don't work. I got no coverage in Ontario city. I do not recommend this phone at all. The screen is very small, hard to read and input.

Couldn't believe this deal when I saw it. It is for real, and as advertised. great deal

I received the Tracfone LG800G with in the specified time frame( big smile)I charged the unit,called Tracfone customer service,the associates were very patience and polite, 45 minutes later the rep assured me that my service to my new phone would be activated with in 5 hours. This included my rollover minutes (2100+),transferred phone number,year service and triple minutes. 12 hours later, the phone was still not activate. I made another call to the Philippines, that's where the customer service was located,within minutes they had the phone activated, but minus my 2100 rollover minutes.They tried several times to recover them but they just vanished. R.B. St Amour had the same experience ,as stated, in his review of 6/12/13.I'm happy with the seller for expediting the phone. I can't comment on how well I like the LG800 I haven't had enough experience with it but Tracfone needs a more secure way of transferring minutes!!!!I WANT MY ROLLOVER MINUTES BACK!!!!

Great little travel phone. Works great when on vacation. The reception on the east coast picks up good. This is the second phone I have purchased and mainly use it for an emergency phone in my car.

Comes with 200 minute card  with triple minutes. Great little phone. I also bought a 4gb card so I can add music.

good quality phone plus over a year of service. its' actually 365 and 3 additional months on the 600 minute card

Very pleased to find a tracfone that comes with one year of service.  Since I only use this as a backup for my smartphone, I am not very concerned by the minutes included but not having to renew every 90 days is great!

had a bit of an issue withg the sim card but the seller helped me out and its a good deal but remember this is no smart phone but itll work for most things and cant beat the value.

I was looking for an inexpensive and simple little phone for my 7 year old daughter who has recently started quite a few after school programs. Since she is young, I didn't want something with a lot of bells and whistles, and something we could easily monitor while being easy for her to use. This phone is great for that. It fits comfortably in the palm of her hand, very easy to access the pre-programmed numbers we put in, and we easily disabled the internet and other &#34;extras&#34;. She absolutely LOVES it, and we have a little piece of mind knowing that she has something in case of emergency (or if something is either delayed or let out early)! We also purchased a &#34;cookie style&#34; case (hard plastic clips over each side, then silicone on top) for $6. Between that, and this coming with 600 minutes/1yr service, we are all very happy with this!

The phone is great for my needs.  Has enough bells and whistles to fit my needs. Very easy to use!

I bought this model with expectation of bluetooth capability.  Nope it doesnt.  It may or it may not.  So buyers beware.  My advise.  Do not buy

My 3rd tracfone.  Their service has been very good.  Whenever my current contract expires, I have bought a new phone.  Haven't used the extra features other than voice calls.  Looks like messaging, camera and web wifi are standard, but I'll leave it for someoneelse to comment on them.

I have to admit to being technologically challenged but a user's manual would be nice.  Even the one on line did not help me out.  My only complaint with the phone itself is that the touch screen doesn't work as smoothly as I would like.  I am use to an ipad so expected the same level of ability.  Despite these complaints, the phone and the minutes deal is fantastic and I have told lots of my friends about it.  I would purchase this again

Purchased for 10yr twins who have lost other phones it has touch screen their able to watch YouTube and surf net it does its job

Tracfone arrived in good condition.  Called customer service and they said the sim card that came with it would not work.  Was sent a new sim card and all the minutes and phone number was transferred over to the new phone.  Added the year time allowance and minutes and operates fine.  You cannot buy the year card much less get a phone with this for the price.  Excellent value

my mother is older and technology is more often than not overwhelming for her. she relies mostly on her landline but when she leaves home mostly for my peace of mind i got her a flip phone several years ago. she likes it still but it has seen better days and it was time to get her a new one. i looked at many my first concern being ease of use for someone like her e.g. not into tech, at all. she has used an android based tablet however. consequently as she would only be making calls on this device i didn't care about other aspects like apps for example. there is a large send button on the bottom and a large end button. both easy for her to push even with arthritis having messed up her hands. when she first saw it she said, "oh it's so cute." its my mom so i took that as a positive comment on her part. it comes with a bonus protective rubber case, charger, a card for 200 minutes (equals 600 w/triple min.) it also has a years worth of service. a years service alone with NO minutes from tracfone, that alone is a hundred bucks but that card for minutes included extends it out to 15 months not a year, nice surprise. this phone is an incredible bargain and my mother who can be hard to please at times, she loves the phone. as said she ONLY cares about voice calls nothing else so i cannot speak to other functions for this device but it most certainly met our needs and we saved a good sized chunk of change in the process, always a good thing. fyi we did receive all our minutes from the old phone, as said the 600 minute card(200x3) as well.**activation tipsunlike in the past activation is no longer quick and easy. so before you turn off your old phone or if in need of one that will work quickly you MUST plan accordingly e.g. wait til you have time to wait. IF you are lucky it will take two days to activate and several calls or if not as in our case even more calls/time to get it activated. we really like the phone but the carrier's customer service not so good at all. you may be able to reach them, tracfone most hours of the night or day BUT activations as i learned only happen now during the day time. if you call them (800-867-7183) later in the day they won't tell you but expect to add an extra day to your activation wait time. i found by calling early e.g. around 9am that works best. wait and get used to it then the next morning if still not activated call them back. do insist they put you through to someone who can get your phone activated and tell them you cannot wait days. if they do not transfer your call this number 866-667-6470 and input 627426 that seems to route to a high priorty desk. once there i finally got someone there who was knowledgeable. they were able to get the phone activated, finally. he had the phone up and running in about five minutes. why they make it so hard it makes no sense, so no matter how they push the "you need to wait two days, ad infinitum," or i cannot help you,... push back and you will get your phone activated much sooner than if you just wait and hope. again the phone is a very good deal and quite you just have to brace yourself for the activation process. still well worth it though imho.

I chose this rating because I'm very disappointed not so much with the phone but with the Tracfone company and one of the phone features, the International Neighbors Service, that is described in the Services Guide. According to this Guide (p. 3.12), TracFone can assign the user a Mexican or Canadian phone number that will be linked to the TracFone for free so that your family and friends can dial this local phone number to receive the call on the TracFone here in the U.S. When I phoned TracFone's Customer Care Service in order to register for that service, I was told that this feature is now available only to Mexicans! Pretending that a specific feature is offered when it's not the case is what we call in Canada a consumer deceptive trade practice. When confronted with reality, TracFone's Customer Care Service best defence was to blame Amazon for selling me an obsolete telephone that comes with a Services Guide that is not up to date.

Fast shipping, included was : power cord,  200 minutes (when tripled 600) + 90 day service.  phone had the year of service already on it. I had no problem transferring old minutes to new phone, plus the remaining 20 days left on old phone. Tracfone or any phone don't get signals where I live (in a hole I guess) but I want phone when I'm not home anyway. I t does get good signal when I'm out of here. Great deal, I 'd recommend buying it.

I bought this for my daughter for school just in case of emergency.  It came with 1 year of service and 200 minutes code.  The 200 minutes will tripled to 600 minutes and an extra 50 minutes came from the promotion code book.  The only thing that my daughter didn't like was the text entry keys that cramped 3 characters in to one key which makes it hard for her to do texting.  That takes one star off.

just wanted simple.....got that ++++.  Not an I phone, but still has more than I need, though i  have trouble sometimes finding stuff.  manual could use detail

I bought this great deal on the phone just so I could renew my service time, and yes the phone will activate with 15 months of service and 600 minutes.  Actually, though, I could have used the PIN # included and added the service time to my old tracfone, a simple flip-top.  So this is a great deal even if you need service time and want to toss the new phone!

The cell phone arrive within a few days of ordering it which was great.  Initially I was a little skeptical because of the minutes card shows only 90 days of service. So instead of risking loosing my old rollover minutes then I opted to just activate the phone on it's own and see if I would get what was advertised.  Sure enough I got 600 minutes and 1 yr of service days. I did this late at night and therefore I waited till morning and called Tracfone.  I talked with a nice gentleman who asked me for phone info and once that was done then he had transferred all minutes and days from my old phone to my new one.There was a slight glitch when I initially activated this phone.  It gave me 620 minutes and 735720 days.  But when the phone rebooted then it showed that service would end in 2015. There was update pending so I left the phone on and went to bed.  The next morning then I rebooted the phone and the days had turned into 1 yr instead of that huge string of days.  So if anyone else experiences that glitch then you might want to wait before transferring your old rollover minutes and days to this new one.  Also by calling Tracfone then you can be assured that your old minutes and days are transferred properly.  Customer Service is not manned 24/7.  Calling during business hours is about a 10 minute wait.  I have used Tracfone for years and they have never let me down.This phone works just great!!  It also comes with a phone protector sleeve which would have been great if it had included the screen protection as well.  I found it cumbersome to use as it hinders the use of the screen somewhat.  But it's a nice addition.  Also comes with a wall power charger.

Protectors were provided for free, which is a really bonus. I got a 8GB microsSD for it. Unfortunately, the phone doesnt not recognize it.

Best deal for a basic light user.  Easy to recognize icons.  When I activated the 200 minute 90 day card included it tripled the minutes and added 15 months of service.

I have had tracfone for years.  My last LG was fine  but the battery had to charged constantly.  I decided to go for a new one , so when I saw the lg 800g with one year of service and 600 minutes, I thought looks good to me, because I do not use a cell as primary (I have a landline) , I thought it was a good buy and it was, considering I either had to buy a one year card @99.00 plus tax, or as I was doing buying 90 mins x 2 three times a year...

I was looking for a phone for my elderly parents and this was a great deal.  $50 bought the phone and 600 minutes for a year.  They only need the phone, so the texting, camera, online capabilities were not necessary.  It's easier for them to see the icons on the touch screen.  I can relax knowing they will have this phone with them while on the road.  That is as long as they listen to my repeated words of advice, "don't ever, ever answer -dial-talk-or even look for your phone while you are driving!  Now  I have my father's bridge friend asking me to purchase one for her. My mother insisted she had lived 70 years without a cell phone and didn't need one now.  Then she got the flat tire on the beltway.  It's a huge weight off my mind knowing she can call for help.  I get my children raised and on their own, and now I'm playing the same role for mom and dad- I'm so happy and lucky they are still around for me do that and this phone helps a lot.

I rarely use my cell, the appeal for this one was the price and one year of service.  I previously had the LG850 which I liked more.  This model is not as sensitive as the LG850 and you have to hit the screen with more force.  But it does the job.

The price was excellent with the year of service and triple minutes.  The card enclosed  with the phone was for 200 minutes and 90 days of service, but when activated, we got one year and 600 minutes.  I rated it 3 star because I'm not very satisfied with the quality of the phone.  It's hard to see in sunlight and the lock system seems touchy.  I have had better luck using the tip of a pen instead of my big fingers.  I've had the phone about one month.

I just received the phone and card. Tho the card says it is only 90 days, I was credited a year when I activated the phone. For under $50 I have a good small phone.

This is a great deal and the phone finally works great.  But it took five or six tries with customer service before they finally figured out it had a sim card that wouldn't work in my area.  Then it took a week to get the correct one.  After receiving the correct sim card, everything is working well.  I got 15 months and 620 minutes because I started the process online.  It was worth the effort and all the trouble because it will save so much money.To be fair, we also got a phone for my husband from Net10 (a part of Tracfone) and it also came with an incorrect sim card!  Directly from the company!  So I have to think it has something to do with where we live and not the supplier of this deal.I would do it again even with all the complications.  I love the neat little phone and they even threw in a rubberized case I didn't expect to get.  It was a lot to receive for little money invested.

If you aren't looking for a typical smart phone, this one is stylish and easy to use. I loved that it came with a case! That was a nice surprise. :) Thank you!

Got another year for cheap, couldn't be better. 600 minutes no big deal. Transferred well over 1,000 minutes for an existing Tracfone. Nice bright screen, whish the ring tone was way louder; hard to hear in a noisy area like Costco of Home Depot.

I ordered 1 Tracfone LG LG800G with "One Year of Service" and 600 Minutes. The 800g phone arrived with a 200 minute Tracfone card (gets triple minutes via the phone) with 90 days to service end.  While the 800g phone will triple the card minutes, I did not believe it will turn a 90 days card to one year of tracfone service, but it did.

600 minutes with one year of service for $40.00. I was able to transfer my unused minutes from my older fone to the new fone. 1200 minutes minutes plus the 600 minutes with the new fone.  1800 minutes with 15 months new service. NO-BRAINER !!!

i did not get the 600 minutes x's3 that comes with the phone that i ordered and paid for.  I got 200 minutes.  Not a fair deal.  I am still waiting to get it taken care of.  It was a GREAT DEAL if I would have gotten what I orderes.
