
I like the touch screen feature, however, typing is a challenge.  I regularly hit the wrong key when typing.  Very clear phone conversations.

I have been a Tracfone user for many years and am sold on them.  The LG840G offers everything my friends with the expensive smart phones with expensive user plans have.  I have found the WiFi to work great, saving me from using up minutes.  I even found a texting web site that saves minutes as well.  I add minutes once a year ~ the triple minutes are a great bonus.  It costs me $8.33 a month to own and operate this phone.  I highly recommend it.

Ha d the LG800 which was very annoying at times when trying to text, the LG840 is far superior in every mode, like it ,love it!

I really like this phone. The wifi is very nice. Texting is harder than I thought it would be though.

I've had this phone for over 6 months now and in general I like it.  It does have some annoying problems though. One of which there seems to be no solution for.First the good: The phone is cheap to buy, and with triple minutes, cheap to use. It has a nice bright clear screen that is easy to see even in sun light.  I've had no problems with coverage or dropped calls.  I have a hearing problem, yet I have no problem hearing the other party during calls and no one has told me that they had trouble hearing me.  I only use it for voice & text and for that I have no complaints.  I tried the email & browser apps once and they work okay with WiFi, but I never use them on this phone.  Also the battery life is great, it goes about 3-4 days on standby if you don't use it much.The bad:  The most annoying problem is that even when you have the screen locked, the screen comes on and it unlocks itself when you get a call.  When you carry the phone in your pocket and a call comes in the fabric of your pants will answer the call while you are trying to get it out of your pocket.  This happens every time.  By the time I get the phone to my ear the person on the other end has said "hello? hello?" a few times.  I've tried all the settings and searched for a solution to this online and there doesn't seem to be one.  This is the only reason I didn't give the phone 5 stars.The other problems are that the screen isn't made out of gorilla glass, rather it is some very scratch-able plastic.  If I would have known just how easily scratched this screen was I would have bought a screen protector right from the start.  If you are buying this phone, buy a screen protector.  The other issues with the phone are to be expected at this price, it isn't a smart-phone and you can't compare it to one.  If you want it for voice & text it is fine. If you want it to do more, don't buy it or you will be disappointed.

Pros:  Not bad for $15/mo.Cons:  Keypad/T9 layout comes up too often, when QWERTY would be appropriate.In some places QWERTY is not offered as an option, so Keypad/T9 must be suffered (this is the fault of the app).BIG COMPLAINT:  Tracfone purposely makes it confusing to try to get the most minutes for your dollar.  First, you should use their website and avoid purchases over the phone or in stores.  Then you need to learn their system in order to optimize your purchase.  First you select a 'card' with a base service time and minutes for a certain price, then only if you proceed to the next page do they give you a 'supersize' option to add more minutes or more time at a different, usually lower, rate.  Try a few combinations and compute the total minutes per dollar before committing to a purchase.  Also, check tracfonereviewer.com to get a current promo code for the 'card' you've selected.  It's like the game of Let's Make a Deal!  I recommend a spreadsheet if 10-15% makes a difference to you.Also beware that all orders are FINAL, no refunds or changes.  Obviously I failed to optimize one of my transactions, and bought a 450-minute 'card' when I would have done better with a 200-minute 'card' with a 200-minute 'supersize' added.  I called customer service in India, and was told to take a hike.  You would think I was trying to unwind a bad stock trade or something.This is my third tracfone.  I started 4 years ago with a Moto370, then LG420, and now this one.  Each one was an upgrade from the last.  It's not a smart phone, technically it's a J2ME device, but it benefits greatly from the standard set by Apple and Google.  However since it gets much better battery life than the smart phones, it's a good compromise between a smart phone and a long-lasting feature phone.This phone has both WiFi and 3G, both of which work well for browsing and apps.  I've confirmed that when WiFi is connected, you're not charged any minutes for browsing and web apps.  You can leave WiFi switched on in the menus, and it'll automatically switch off and on when you sleep or wake up the phone, saving your battery.  When you wake up the phone, it'll check for the strongest saved WiFi net and connect to it within about 3 seconds.  And you can switch off WiFi easily to further save battery while you're out of WiFi range, or within WiFi range but just talking, texting, or using non-connected apps like notepad, calendar, calculator, stopwatch, games, music, camera, etc.The built-in browser is fairly impressive for an on-phone browser in a lightweight (low power consumption) device like this.  It'll handle my Yahoo web mail, Google, Amazon, Wapipedia (Wikipedia reformatted for mobile), and most sites that have a separate mobile 'version'.For large, non-mobile-friendly sites, or others that just don't work well with the built-in browser, I recommend installing Opera Mini V4.5, and adding the Java Keypad hide option as outlined in another review here.  I tried Opera Mini 7.1 and found it too bloated for this device, although one possible advantage of 7.1 is that it has its own QWERTY on-sreen keyboard.  Be advised that Opera Mini is a server-based browser that renders pages on its own servers out on the web, and feeds your phone compressed images of the pages for interaction, so you can't use it for internal, 'intranet' sites.The best app I've gotten so far is Google Maps, which works just as well in 3G as it does in WiFi on this phone.  Get the signed version with the local Java keypad removed, from [...]  The version you get from m.google.com isn't signed, and pops up 'untrusted midlet' warnings every 5 seconds or so (every time it loads data).  You can zoom in and see labeled attractions and businesses, you can use the satellite and street views, and you can turn on the live traffic overlay much like the full browser-based version.The built-in e-mail app was easy to set up with my Yahoo e-mail account.For 3G, it appears you're only charged for data transferred, as mentioned in other reviews.  About 2 units for a quick e-mail check, and 3 units for a quick check of Google Maps traffic.Caveats:I couldn't find a setting to leave incoming e-mail on the server for reading and deletion from my normal webmail browser interface.  This means new incoming e-mail appeared on the phone but didn't appear on the webmail interface.Between the built-in browser and the e-mail app, I wasn't able to come up with a satisfactory interface for deleting incoming mail, but at least I was able to read it with the built-in browser.  Later I go back to the webmail with a PC browser to delete mail, move it to folders, or handle attachments.The e-mail app doesn't have a spam filter, so you would need to be able to adjust spam filtering upstream of POP or MAPI access with your e-mail provider.There is no browser plug-in for displaying PDF documents.  I've seen evidence of a PDF display app., but it's not available from Adobe apparently, maybe shareware.It appears that the bluetooth functionality is limited to headsets only.  I tried an external bluetooth keyboard, and it paired with the device, but when I tried to select it, it said 'connect headset only'.  (Update)  Bluetooth may also be used to transfer your contacts between tracfones. I was able to transfer my entire contact list from my old LG420 to this one in one operation.If you haven't had a touch screen phone before, try to remember to hit the button on top to put the phone to sleep before you put it in your pocket.  Otherwise it'll butt-redial your last contact almost immediately.  Also, when you power it on from a cold power-off, don't just get it started and put it in your pocket, because when it finally boots up completely, it'll be unlocked and butt-redial same as above.My wife found the settings to use the QWERTY keyboard layout by default for URLs in the built-in browser and for text messages, but for Notepad I have to change it from Keypad/T9 to QWERTY every time.  Also, Opera Mini 4.5 brings up the Keypad/T9 layout for URLs and text entry, and I've found no way to select the QWERTY layout!  In general this phone (the apps, really) frustratingly keep using Keypad/T9 in situations that call for QWERTY, which is available on the phone but underutilized!Recommended Accessories:EZOPower Extra Long 6ft Black Micro-USB 2in1 Sync and Charge USB Data Cable for Samsung, HTC, LG and Other Smartphone, orEZOPower Extra Long 6ft White Micro-USB 2in1 Sync and Charge USB Data Cable for Samsung, HTC, LG and Other SmartphoneYou'll need a micro-USB cable to connect the phone to your computer to move pictures, music and apps onto it (and move pictures off, I suppose).  It appears on your computer as a regular USB mass storage device, with steps to enter and exit that mode on the phone.  This gives you access to both the phone's internal storage, and the microSD card, without having to open up the phone and take out the microSD.  This cable also charges the phone while it's connected to a computer or USB power outlet.  No USB cable is included with the phone, only an AC charger.  The micro-USB cable from my son's Google ASUS Nexus 7 worked just fine while I had this cable on order.  I also got this phone in white for my wife, and the white USB cable to go with it.

I was somewhat skeptical at first, but I must say, I was indeed pleasantly surprised! Works well in every respect.

This is my second LG 840G phone. I purchased this one when my other phone was accidentally left out in the rain. As it turned out I was able to save my other phone. But I am still keeping the new phone as a back up. If you are a heavy data user then trac fone is not the way to go. If you want a phone for texting, emergencies, and regular calls this is a great phone with triple minutes.

Don't think your going to &#34;sync&#34; this to your computer to keep your contacts up to date, tried it, not going to happen, I even used some free LG sync from sourceforge.net, nope, didn't work.  Its good for playing music, watching movies - which have to be converted into .3gp mpeg-4 acc which I accomplished through the use of the program &#34;Ultra Video Converter&#34; Version 5.3.0206 which is a paid program.Good for blue tooth calling using ear piece, but have trouble pairing with cars, maybe its just user error, but doesn't work for me.Good for WiFi to surf the net or connect to your PC/laptop.Will pair with laptops, but really slow transfers, better to use the mini cable, much higher transfer rates.I had to buy because of the cheap power button died after only a year of use, pissed me off too because the phone was good to go besides the stupid on/off button stopped working, I had to disassemble it, use a small screw driver to turn it on, then reassemble it without having the battery disconnect.Like I said, you CANNOT SYNC this phone, so I lost all my contacts, notes, ect.

We live out in the boonies and still get great reception.  Works good in stores too.  Somewhat user friendly, there's always a learning curve to new devices until one gets use to it.  Also love the triple minutes!  You do have to turn it on every time you use it.  I wouldn't recommend this prepaid for those who are constantly texting, but for those of us who only use it for emergencies, it's fantastic!

We are Tracfone users, but this new phone shows no service even though it has three bars. Our other phone had service. Customer service said different phones have different servers, so now I'm stuck with a phone that rarely works!?! Switching back to our former provider. Triple minutes are no good if the phone doesn't work.

I had the LG800 and hated it from day one. So finally decided to get this when I found it on Amazon for the great price! Plus free shipping! It was easy to set up and slides smoothly, not like the 800! I am so happy I decided to upgrade. I have always been happy with Tracfone for the small amount of usage I do. This looks like an expensive phone, has great service and really a good buy from Amazon. This same phone at Walmart is $59.99 so this is a good saving and I got it 2 days after I ordered it. It did take 24 hours for the activation and the minutes from my old phone to go into effect, but that was no problem.

This phone (which I use through Tracfone) is excellent. It has some of the bells and whistles of a true smartphone but is simple to use and gets a great signal in this area. Screen is large enough for detailed images and sound is more than adequate. A fantastic phone at a good price. I didn't care for the smooth finish so I use a rubberized skin which protects the phone and makes it easy to hand hold.

Great price, so I bought 2 and they work really well except one of them wont turn off/on. The screen is a little touchy and little keyboard to text on but other wise for the price it was worth it.

easy to use . a little sensitive for my clumsy fingers but very workable.  The phone volume is a bit light and the ringer function is confusing to operate.

updated from my old trac phone which really did nothing but make calls.  it is for emergency use but since i have this phone use it for a lot more.  easy to use the alarm so now a back up for waking up the &#34;contacts&#34; were easy to enter and use has a photo but can't figure out how to send them as an email..but for what I need this for it is excellent

I love this phone it works great, is very intuitive and easy to learn how to use and it sounds good too.  I bought one of these for myself and loved so when my wife needed a new phone and this one was on sale with a triple minutes card there was no hesitation on what to buy for her.  She is loving it too.

I have had several LG Tracfones in the past and they were always quality products.  The LG840g is no exception.  I got mine to replace a LG500g that I had for over a year.  After one week, here are my impressions.The phone itself is about the size of an Ipod Touch, and similar in shape and appearance. It looks expensive. The "wake" button is recessed which makes it difficult to hit accidentally, and the volume buttons are on the side where they would be on an Ipod.  The buttons on the front are capacitive touch, like the screen.It is not a smart phone and runs a java based proprietary operating system which allows the installation of .jar apps.Battery life depends on how you use it.  I left the WiFi running and the battery drained to one bar in 24 hours.  It didn't shut down, but it was definitely low. Only using the WiFi occasionally, the battery is still on full bars after 3 days.  I haven't run the phone all the way down yet, but the advertised standby is over 10 days.The interface is easy to use, and the touch-screen is capacitive, which makes it easy to use.  It feels a lot like an Ipod/Iphone.  I don't like the pale blue backgrounds for the menus, but there's no way I know of to change it.It wouldn't connect to my home WiFi, a Belkin router, unless I set a static IP address.  If you're having problems connecting, choose "Edit Network" and under IP/DNS Setting, choose "Static".  You will then have to configure the settings specific to your router using your keen sense of Google Fu.One problem is the keyboard.  You only get a QWERTY in certain situations, such as entering web addresses, texting, etc.  If you go to a website that has input text boxes, such as webmail, you'll be sorely disappointed.  One solutiom is to download the free Opera browser that comes with its own keyboard, which always lets you enter text with QWERTY.  It's a little sluggish, but usable. It beats the default browser by far.When you do download apps for this, you'll notice that third party apps will display a navigation keyboard at the bottom.  If you use a JAD file to install, open it in Notepad and insert the following at the end:Navi-Key-Hidden: trueNokia-MIDlet-On-Screen-Keypad: noMIDlet-ScreenMode: ROTATEMIDlet-Landscape-Support: trueLGE-MIDlet-Width: 240LGE-MIDlet-Height: 400LGE-MIDlet-On-Screen-Keypad: noLGE-MIDlet-Display-Mode: bothThis will kill the navigation keyboard, which is unnecessary with a touch screen and just takes extra space anyway.Doing this, I was able to run Opera Mini, Google Maps, UC Browser, and eBuddy in full screen mode.  Also, with this phone being similar to the LG T375 Cookie Smart, some apps made for it will run on the LG 840G.  Again, using your Google Fu will help you find apps. Download them to the SD card in your phone, find them in the menus and tap on them to run.Video conversion is easy with Mobile Media Converter, a free video converter from Miksoft that runs on Mac, Linux, or Windows.Install it and drag and drop your video(s) into the window. From the "Conversion To:" menu, choose "Iphone/Ipod with Subs" and hit the button marked "Advanced" .The "More Configuration" menu will come up. On both "Audio Bitrate" and "Video Bitrate", the lower the number, the less quality, but smaller the file. Higher numbers will be better quality but take up more space. Video FPS (frames per second) should be set to your preferred quality...a smaller number is more "jittery" but a smaller file, and a larger number is smoother but takes more space. If you're encoding a 4:3 (square) video, make sure "Video Size" is checked and enter "320:240" in the space beside it. If you're encoding a 16:9 (rectangular) video, make sure "Video Size" is checked and enter "320:200" in the space beside it. Audio Frequency: higher is better quality and larger file, lower is lesser quality and smaller file. If you're not using headphones, you can also choose to only have one mono channel instead of a stereo channel, which will also save space.This phone charges differently for data than other TracFones I've had previously.  The old ones used to charge for time, regardless of data transfer.  Meaning, 1 minute of web brwosing was .5 units.  This made it dangerous to leave the browser on for long periods of time!  Then new one seems to charge for transfer, but I can't figure out the ratio exactly.  Regardless, I can load a page and actually have time to READ it.  The pages I visit are mostly text, so this works out better for me. There are differing theories on what the actual cost per KB are, and TracFone's website is no help.  You'll have to blow a few minutes and do experimentation to figure out what your frequently visited sites cost to browse.The email program is simple, but works slickly enough with Gmail.  I haven't tried it with another provider.YouTube works only in the default browser, and even then, it is scaled down to a size not much bigger than a postage stamp.  This wouldn't be so bad if they allowed you to scale the video up to a reasonable size, but they do not, so you're forced t watch a 1.5"x1" video in the middle of a much larger black screen.It also has a Social Networking Service app that allows you to access your Twitter, Facebook and Myspace accounts.All in all, the LG840G is a nice, solid phone, and leaps and bounds better than TracFones of the past.  I will be updating this review later, but as for now, I can recommend the LG840g, especially if you handy and don't mind tinkering a little to get added functionality.UPDATE 5/13/13: I added some pictures of what this phone can do.  Note that some of the features, like Opera and Google Maps, must be downloaded and installed by the user, and may require the modification to run in full screen as shown in the pictures.As far as day-to-day usage goes, there are quirks, but it is still pretty darn good.Sometimes, when using Opera, the connection to the browser drops, even while the phone itself is still connected to the internet.  The solution is to stop the browser and re-start it, something of a hassle.  On occasion, the phone itself crashes and restarts, but this is rare - once every couple of months or so.Even so, Opera is worth the trouble of installation. With Opera Turbo running, it compresses data and makes it possible to browse occasionally without burning through too many minutes.  I can usually browse a few sites and kill 5 minutes here and there for 2-3 units. It also can tell you how much data transfer (and therefore, money) it is saving you.  It also speeds thing up significantly.Call quality is good, but reception is not what it was on my LG 500G.  I can't talk in some places that I used to be able to, like when camping. For around town, though, reception is adequate. And, in those places, I can get 3G, which makes surfing much more enjoyable.Wifi kills the battery pretty quickly, like 24 hours or so.  It is easy to forget and leave it on, which could drain your battery in an emergency situation. With the wifi off, the phone will go for days at a time between charges.After living with it for five months, I can recommend this phone to those looking for a good deal on a prepaid phone, but want something that doesn't look like your grandparents would use it, or something from 2003. It is great for talk, text, and occasional web browsing, especially with the Opera upgrade.  If you have any other Tracfone and upgrade to the 840G, you won't be disappointed.

I have been wanting this phone for a year. Finally got it and not disappointed. Should not have waited so long

I just love the phone.  It is almost a smart phone and the triple minutes are certainly a bonus.  Have been able to use it as far away as Hawaii.

This phone is great.  I give the phone 5 stars.  I rate the Tracfone customer service as ZERO.  Tracfone customer service is simply awful.  The problem I had with customer service is that none if the employees had a clue as to how to port my old cell phone number to the Tracfone.  There is a feature on the Tracfone website that supposedly allows an existing phone number to be transfered to a new Tracfone.  This feature is useless because after all the information is submitted nothing happens. After waiting three days for Tracfone to activate the phone, I called customer service.  I was informed that I needed a different SIM card for the old number to be ported.  After 5 days I received the new SIM card via FedEx.  After installation of the new SIM card, the phone did not activate.  I called Tracfone again and after being passed around 4 times to various people who did not have a clue on how to activate the phone, finally I was passed to a lady that told me that I needed to remove the new SIM card and reinstall the one that orgiinally came with the phone.  She was able to activate the phone after 45 minutes of trying.  I would recommend the phone only with the condition that it be shipped with a new working phone number.  Do not attempt to have Tracfone port your existing number to a new phone.

We own this tracphone since last November and as a matter of fact we ordered another one for one of our friends. We just tried to order more minutes and for some reason were only allowed double minutes and not triple when the ad clearly specifies triple. What can we do about this matter?

I bought this Tracfone because I pretty much destroyed the one I had and due to the price on Amazon it was  cheaper to buy a new phone. I am a firm believer in using this type of pay as you go service.  My $40.00+ plan with ATT left me with unused minutes that they started to take away.  Now if you are a heavy data user and use the phone all the time this may not be for you, however if you research your usage and costs it can be a benefit like I have found.  Don't have exact figures but pay less than 1/2 of what I was giving away to ATT.  Make sure if you buy on Amazon or TV you get the triple minutes.  Be aware also that you must buy &#34;service time&#34; in addition to the minutes, meaning the phone has to be activated and sometimes this is not clear in the advertising.  Look at other sites to purchase both minutes and service time, you can find some cheap deals.  The phone is reliable, clear sounding and I have less dropped calls than before.  Customer service is a joke.  I spent almost 2 hours with &#34;Rosie&#34; to switch from my damaged phone to the new one keeping the same number.  For some reason their accounting and service departments are not in sync because she kept asking me how many minutes I had left on the old phone.  Kept telling me to look at the screen when I told her the thing was damaged and I could not read anything.  Put me on hold several times to speak with accounting and said oh, you are right.  For a while thought I was going to lose my minutes but I was ok.  She also wanted info on when I bought the old phone, how long and such?  Made me feel like I stole something but again after almost two hours with her I was done.  Still took another two hours for phone to be activated which happened the first time I purchased so I suppose it is normal.

I was looking for a new phone because my LG500G was no longer working well. I was looking for an easy to use, reliable phone that was up to date with technology but didn't have a bunch of unnecessary bells and whistles that I don't need. After much searching online for the best deal, I found the LG840G here on Amazon. I have used it for about a month, and I can safely say that I'm impressed with this phone. It has very easy to use features, it's small enough to fit in your pocket if need be and works wonderfully. I think the feature I like the best is the alarm. I use my phone as an alarm clock, so that feature is a must for me. With the LG840G, not only do I have an alarm, but I can set it to go off only on certain days, which is awesome! Another plus is that it takes excellent pictures, so I can snap away if need be and not worry about quality. This phone uses apps, which is great for a no contract phone. I will probably use that in the future, I just haven't had the opportunity yet! However, the best part hands down is the price! I was able to purchase this phone for about $10 less than any other company (INCLUDING Tracfone)! I highly recommend this product!

Was everything I was looking for and at a fantastic price. I'd recommend it to anyone looking for a phone.

it would not get a signal except one mile from my resident.so I traded it in to tracfone for another one.

I've had my LG840g about six weeks now.  It's easy to text with and uses less minutes than calling voice usually.  I've never had a phone like this before but I haven't had any difficulty setting up wifi on two different routers or getting email to work. The browser experience is slow and not so great but on a screen this small, I wasn't expecting too much. It's nice to be able to track delivery on a package or such on the phone if necessary and it doesn't burn a lot of minutes to do so when I don't have wifi access.The screen is bright and text is easy to read.  The touch screen is pretty sensitive too, a little too much sometimes as I activate things without intending to with my clumsy fingers.  Holding a skinny phone is hard to do without touching something on the edge of the screen.2014-01-09 Update: On Dec 24, 2013 the power button died.  The phone wouldn't turn off or on.  I found a tip online to insert the charger and when the screen lights up with the LG logo, unplug the charger and alternately press the lighted screen buttons at the bottom of the face a few times, they will go dark when the screen shuts off. The phone reboots and stays on.  That's the only way I could turn it on so I left it on until my new phone arrived; charging it each night. I can light the screen with the volume button on the side, not turn it off though; have to wait for the screen to turn off automatically but can set the time as short as possible.I ordered another LG840g here at Amazon on Christmas Eve as for the price, there's just nothing better with Tracfone service. I'm contemplating buying a third as backup. I decided not to bother with warranty repair as paying to ship a cheap product with the possibility of receiving a used product in worse shape than my own, rather than my own phone repaired, isn't satisfactory to me.I still love the phone model.  The camera isn't very good but it's usable. The phone style keypad it uses for notepad and other functions when it SHOULD be using a QWERTY keyboard, like it does for text messages, is really annoying.

I got this phone as a second phone and it's great my son wants it. It's worth th the money.

i have a tracfone and i upgraded to this yea it looks great but its three days and i still cant get service , four calls to support and still  am without a phone i bought this on amazon for the price but i am burning with anger!

.....for ONE WEEK. It was awesome and fabulous and everything I needed for a very low price for one lousy week, and then it started glitching and having issues and defaulting to 3G when it was supposed to be using wi-fi and sucking my minutes away (I was sending a pic to Facebook and was very surprised when it took eight prepaid minutes to do so when it had been smoothly using my wi-fi). It stopped sending email and connecting to Facebook using the FB app. I tried all the tricks from just taking the battery out and re-installing it 5 minutes later to using the factory reset functions, but nothing helped. It's an absolute piece of junk.I'm sure I can call Tracfone and try to get a replacement but I don't think I want another one after this bad experience.

Cons1) I already bought the phone then found out it can't be password locked.2) This is my first prepaid phone and this goes for other prepaid phones too: Every time you use the phone it gets counted up towards the nearest minute. Every call will always be at least 1 minute used.Pros1) Cheap and is a touchscreen

I would recommend this telephone to people who do not make and receive a lot of calls.  However, if the person needs to contact others occasional its great.

I've read the reviews and notice a wide variation in how easy it was to transfer your phone number from another carrier to this phone and activate it.  I have to agree with those who said it was very time-consuming and very annoying.  I went to the website and filled in all the info, and read how usually it takes only a few hours, but may take up to two days.  After four days, their website said to call Customer Service.  What a nightmare!  I got a recording saying, &#34;Our operators are busy assisting other callers, but to avoid waiting on hold, we can call you back in between 19 and 26 minutes.&#34;  I was transferred from department to department to department, each time having to start over, and always being told they needed to transfer me to someone else.  Then I would get disconnected.  I'd call back, go through the same waiting for a return call, only to be given the run-around again and again.  They'd always say, &#34;I don't know why they transferred you to me, this is the wrong department for you&#34; and transfer me again.  I got disconnected several more times.  This went on for FOUR HOURS!  Finally someone told me it was going to be activated within an hour but the next morning it was still not activated.  I had to go through this laborious process of entering strings of numbers, like 16 to 20-number strings, only for it always to say &#34;invalid code&#34; and to call Customer Service.  After two more hours of aggravation, it was finally activated, but I got only 10 minutes of airtime.  (I had read earlier that by doing it on the website I'd get 40, if I did it with the phone I'd get 20.) I'd already tried to do it that way, but was instructed to call for assistance.  Because I called, I got only 10.  Then I tried to set up voice mail. This cannot be done online, so I had to call.  I was prompted to press 1 or 2 for various choices, but each time I looked at the phone it was on the &#34;Low minute&#34; warning screen, and I had to exit that before I could make my selection of 1 or 2.  I wanted to make my own greeting, and they have various long explanations and defintions that you have to listen to before you can proceed.  I got as far as recording my name, but not my greeting, when the call was cut off and the phone said I was out of airtime.  So that's where I am now.  No phone service, no voice mail.  I have to buy minutes just to set up my voice mail.  I had T-Mobile before and things were smooth and simple.  So far I'm very disappointed with Tracfone.

Wonderful graphics.  Easy touch screen navigation.  The video and photo option wook like a charm.  I've already recomended this phone to everyone I've shown it to!  The &#34;pay as you go&#34; feature is so much moe convieneint  for my life style.Thank you for this phone Tracfon!....Jenn in upstate NY.

Pretty nice phone with average 1 week battery life, i am pretty happy with this LG 840G. the delivery time and condition are both worth 5 stars.

We don't requre much from a ell cphone so this one is great.  The battery life is exceptional and with triple minutes,  very economical.

Quickly drops tower signals when you go inside a building.  Very frustrating.  Supposed to be WIFI and this feature does not work.All I wanted for Christmas was a cell phone that makes and receives calls.  This LG works but only if you stand outside.  This is not a great time of the Winter season  to stand outside .

great

I have Parkinson's and touch phones are not my friend. Rather than return it, I gave it away. For me, this purchase was a mistake.

I love my new phone. My old one was so out dated friends were telling me to throw it out the window, while driving! My son has the same phone so he is helping me with all the features. I am alittle behind in the Tech department. The price was awesome too!

Great phone better than I expected. Best price also couldn't have done better. Will recommend it to others who dont want contract.

This is a cute phone I like all the touch screen featuresand I'm happy with the Triple Minutes it's affordable

It is terrible.it is so sensible that is ringing numbers that I did not call I would not tell anyone to buy it.

Exchanged phone with TracPhone...to a phone that works in this area...had to return accessories as well...called TracPhone to activate it & discovered I had the wrong phone, bummer..new one, LG 505 C,  works fine.

I have been a TracFone customer from October 2002 through June of 2013.  Sometimes my wife and I had two phones and sometimes one.  Over the years I have recommended TracFone to friends and relatives, several of which have taken my advice.  Once my minutes run out, we are done forever.  Apparently the management of TracFone feels that screwing a loyal customer out of 112 minutes is worth the loss of revenue and the bad publicity.Over the years customer service has not been great.  When I called, I expected to wait on hold for about 20 minutes and then talk to someone in India where you (or they) had to repeat things sever times to be understood.  This is what I expected and this is what I got until now.  I accepted this level of service because of the low prices and the fact that I could do a lot of things on-line.  I only had to call on the phone once every year or two.Recently a relative died and we were left with a phone with 112 minutes on it.  TracFone has a policy that lets you move minutes from a phone you are taking out of service to one that has service.  There appeared to be no way to do this online, so I waited until I had an hour of free time and called.  At the end of one hour on hold, I had to leave for a doctor's appointment, so I was forced to hang up and loose my place in line.It took me four days until I had enough time to try again.  This time my call was taken after "ONLY" 40 minutes on hold.  I was told that normally I could transfer the 112 minutes, but that my airtime had expired 10 hours before my second call and I would have to pay for another month of air time for the 10 minutes needed to transfer the minutes over to our other phone.  When I told them that the time was expired because they made me wait on hold for an hour, they would not listen.  They kept claiming they were not at fault and I would have to pay.  I then asked to talk to a supervisor.  I was given excuse after excuse as to why I could not talk to a supervisor.  Finally after asking six times, she said she would put me on hold and try to get a supervisor.  After a few minutes, she came back and told me that no supervisors were available and one would have to call me back.  I gave her my name and phone number and she promised a supervisor would call me back.  It has been six days and there have been no calls.  I even checked my caller ID log to make sure I didn't miss a call (I do have voicemail).So feel free to become a TracFone customer if you like dealing with a company that will keep you on hold for hours, cheat you out of money you paid, treat you like s***, and lie to you about calling back.

This has been a great phone for my daughter. She texts away on it and still has plenty of minutes with the triple minute plan. She also uses lots of the extra features, especially the camera. Great starter phone.

Huge step up from LG800. Took me a bit to hook to my email but it works fine. Camera works, phone is fine. Been using Tracfone for many years and am happy. BUT after a couple of weeks the phone would get no signal which is wrong for this area. Then is would come back on after a day or so. After the third time I returned it and went back to my LG800 which works fine for calls and texts. Very disappointed.

This phone worked great for my son while he had it. Unfortunately, shortly after we got this for him, he lost it. We have no idea where it went off too. The minutes worked right away for the triple. He is a simple guy and wanted a phone that looked cool. This did the job. It is not a smart phone, I repeat, this is NOT a smart phone.

I really like being able to take pictures and video. It stays charged for a long time. I like using all the apps, I didn't have all this on the old tracfone. I would have liked for there to be a blank side bar so when you scroll you don't keep clicking on something you don't want. All in all, it's a pretty good phone.

Very cost effective.  The user manual is good.  Display is not good in strong sunlight, but you can use it outdoors.  Touch screen is good but sometimes it seems to select things you don't want and then not want to select what you want.  I find most touch screens this way so maybe it is me.  Some of the features are limited use with tracfone, and I haven't figured out all the features yet.

Great phone, great deal!

While the phone is what I want The phone I received was not programed to receive a signal from the Verizon tower which is the only tower we have. I would purchase another but I have to assured that it would work in my area. Thanks for your interest.R Schneider

I bought two.This review has to do with the first one.The phone would not activate.  I called Tracfone and it turns out you have to program these.  They gave me the codes, entered them, and it showed I had minutes, but an &#34;unregistered sim&#34;.Back to customer service; ultimately the problem was a faulty sim card.  They are having to send me a new one.The second one is in the process of activation, but is showing the same initial symptoms:  Airtime but no phone number registered to the sim card as of yet.  I figure I'll give it 24 hours (though it should take no more than four hours and likely not longer than 10 minutes.)  If it needs a new sim card too, I'll review it just as poorly.It's a shame as these are nice phones, but they do need to come with working/current sim cards.  I try not to review on anything but the hardware, but the sim cards are part of the hardware bundle.Will update when I get something more on the second phone.Regards,Josh SmithSmith-Sights LLC

Great price for a very affordable phone. No contract , triple minutes, good coverage.If you don't want to spend $30+ a month for a smart phone this will do the basics in style.And have texting, internet, camera, and ease of use. Why buy a Rolls Royce when a Chevy willget you where your going ?Here's the complete 186 page manual :[...]

Purchased phone from Amazon, within two weeks microphone quit working, I purchased another phone direct from Tracfone to find out they did not recognize the defective phone as a Tracfone and refused to transfer my old phone number and 1800 minutes to new phone.

The screen is way too small and sensitive to use also features are not clearly marked or easy to use. I would not purchase a L G phone again.

Excellent price for a phone that has many features of the high priced ones. Easy to use, good looking and far exceeded my expectations.

I really do like this phone which I have had for about 3 months, however I cannot recommend that anybody gets a tracfone right now. The company is stealing my minutes like hot cakes!  Seriously, I liked the phone so much that I bought another phone for my husband to keep in his car and I was charging it for him. After the charge, the phone gave a few beeps and I looked at it and it said 30 seconds deducted. I didn't do anything to the phone but charge it so no time should have been deducted. Anyway, this went on for at least an hour so I shut the phone off. This morning I turned it back on to see I had 45 seconds left then they were quickly deducted too. Then I was told my minutes had expired! Very strange so I called tracfone. An hour later, no resolution. After passing me to three people, They told me I had to call back in 72 hours. All I wanted is my 500 minutes back. So I googled and found out that a lot of people are currently having this problem with their tracfone and there are a lot of angry people out there like me. So I would hold off from using them until they clean up their act, which is too bad because tracfone is convenient and cheap if you don't use a cell phone a lot.

Having never had a touch-screen phone, I got help from a friend with learning how to navigate.  The lesson took about 3 minutes.  Now, I've got 200 songs, dozens of pictures, and my entire phone directory stored on the 16g micro-SD I bought separately.If I have any complaints at all, it's about the price-gouging weenies at Tracfone, and not about this nifty LG phone.

it was about 11:45 pm i had just hallen asleep just to be rudely interumpted by this this just EXPLODING WITH SOUND much louder than it ever had before BVRR BVRR BVRR about 20 times as loud as possible i ripped out he battery and havent turned it on since it made he noise because i hadent closed an app i think but other than this i have always hated the phone and am embassessed to be seen with it and downoding music is complex as well - in a word -buy a different phone this is not the phone for you.

I am not a touch screen person. I'd rather have the old type of phone with buttons. Texting is not that easy on here even with the keyboard, it always seems to choose the letter NEXT to the one I want. If you want a lot of frills and settings this one does not have them. You can add your own ringtones. I would not pay the $50-$60 it usually retails for but I got it for $28 so I can't complain too much.

This is a big transition from my old flip phone. I am still getting used to the touch screen. I haven't used all the options on the phone yet. Now Tracfone has a newer I-Phone but as always technology keeps moving foreward. I may upgrade in the near future. At least it's a step up - thanks.

moved up in Tfone from Samsung with physical qwerty but am now contemplating sending back. My first problem was with the screen lock,just refused to leave on the swipe. Even when I opted out it returned. Another issue was with WIFI. Did not pick-up signal from Sbucks, but charged me 3g minutes. Screen sensitivity is not that good. Qwerty is not usable in certain modes and jumps to ancient Alpha-numerics. I am trying to get used to it and will give it a few days. May be defective.

Bought this phone for my mom who is not very tech friendly.  This phone works perfectly for her because it's so easy to use.

I love this phone because it is so easy to use and has many functions plus the fact that you get triple minutes every time you purchase minutes!

Being a college student I don't have much leisure money and would love to have an iphone, but since I don't make have much money as is- I've been with Tracfone going on a year. I started off with a cruddy phone of theirs and just purchased this one after looking for phones with WIFI and 3G and I came across this beauty. Did free super saver shipping and received it earlier then expected. Seems the only negative comments are from people who don't have service in their area ( make sure you check their service map if your going to be a new user on the network) and from people who couldn't activate it which is the easiest thing to do.For current Tracfone users.When you transfer your phone over do it on the tracfone website- much quicker.I would also make sure to have a significant amount of minuets because when you do transfer on to this triple minuet phone your existing minuets will triple,  10 free mins, and 60 extra service days.For new users- questions i had about this phonewifi is free- as long as your connected, either at home, or starbucks or where ever has wifi and you can connect you will not be charged for anything except phone calls (obviously)Email and browser speed depends on your wifi connection ( just like a laptop and anything wifi capable)No there are no awesome apps like angry birds and if you must have games there is an app store- which have a few okay games ( who cares its a 45 dollar phone that does more then alot of phones)I believe you can download java apps but if your just useing it for the pleasure of having a smart phone that calls texts and to surf the web your better off on not bothering with it.Now there was very little I disliked but for having average sized hands this phone seemed pretty small and thin- though it feels durableThe keyboard in the browser ( not text) was kind of annoying but im pretty sure you can change it, and i wish it had a frount camera and maybe more pre-downloaded utility apps - Facebook messenger? Skype (if it had a front camera)This phone comes with basic accessories - the obvious charger, back, sim card and battery. The bonus it comes with a micro SD card, maybe invest in a 3 $ adapter so you can add music and whatnot if you must.I would highly recommend this to anyone who desires a smartphone and wants to save a little money. Also someone who has wifi available to them.

I love this cute little phone.  It serves it's purpose and I love being able to just pick up a card to add more minutes.  It has all the features of an LG phone, which is my favorite brand, including camera and video.

While realizing it is NOT a &#34;smart phone&#34;, the LG 840G does everything it is intended to do and does it well.  The learning curve was short [well, with a little help from my granddaughter :)], and the operation was intuitive.  I wanted a phone for emergencies, some texting and occasional internet & phne call usage and the LG 840G is exactly what I wanted and performs to expectations.  If I lost it tomorrow, I'd own another immediately.

Great phone, triple minutes. I'm a Mac user and had no problem connecting to my mac and transferring contacts, installing mp3s and downloading .jar apps to my mac and then uploading to my LG 840G. I read the one star reviews and they either got a bad phone, or they are just confused. I upgraded from a LG 800G and find this phone to be much superior to it. I've read (but not confirmed) that this is a capacitive screen and that may be the reason it seems more responsive. I like this thing so much, I upgraded my daughter too. Try it, you'll like it. Best of the six tracfones I've owned. Been a customer for 5 years.

I wanted to upgrade my phone. Shouldn't have been hard. The tracfone customer service people should've and could've, but didn't help. I have spent 3 long evenings, some tears and frustration, and 2 weeks without either the old or the new phone, trying to upgrade and keep my number and minutes. Porting (moving your number from phone to phone) is a process that can take an hour, a day, 3 days, or in my case never. CS is polite but their efficiency in service is sadly the equivalent of a certain new government healthcare program. If you can accept this phone, with the number assigned, it will probably be an excellent feature phone that can call and text as good and as cheaply as many other expensive phones out there. Just don't expect any help from customer service. I am waiting now for them to send another phone, because after activation, by them, the new phone was sent into a loop of turning itself continuously off and on. My number and minutes are somewhere roaming around in the cloud. My old phone now lays dis-serviced and mute on the dresser next to the looping unusable new phone. Phoneless in MO

fantastic phone no regrets in buying 3x minutes and wifi making internet free must charge everyday if you use it alot

I am astounded that Tracfone would allow this wifi phone to be sold in their plan.It simply logs on to your wifi anywhere it's available and you can browse the web all day long without using minutes.!!!Great display and easy to use.Now for the good news. I called Verizon and they said for $25.00 per phone they would transfer my contacts. Wow!! they never give up milking people.I called Radio Shack and they said it's a FREE service for anyone. I went to the store and within 10 minutes I  had 2 phones changed.Now I know why I paid the disconnect fee for one of the big phone providers and joined Tracfone. Almost puts a tank of gas in my car each month free.

I bought this phone for a family member. Its much nicer than a flip phone and looks good. It was easy to learn and use on a daily basis.

I have had many Tracfones since the nineties; this model is awesome, The price is right and getting the triple minutes makes it a 'must have.'  I am very pleased with the LG 840 Model.

My mom has a government assistant phone plan for Seniors and along with the plan came a very old style clam shell phone, needless to say it was very out of date.  I/she  wanted her to feel in step with everyone else, at the same time she doesn't need a &#34;high end&#34; smart phone so  I purchased this instead. Its modern enough to be &#34;cool&#34; but simple enough for her to get the hang of using. It has the basic features and a few perks like wifi, music player, notes, alarm and a camera, however it does not come with a ton of ringtones, wallpapers and games.  I'm satisfied with the purchase and she is giddy as can be. :-)

Seeing too may &#34;No Service&#34; messages.  Sometimes it will not re-link to service until I power it down and restart.  Far too little documentation came with the phone and have had to do all my &#34;tutoring&#34; to figure out how to use it on the Tracfone website.  Will say it is a better phone than my Motorola V170 flip phone that it replaced other than the &#34;no service&#34; messages that are likely due to the poor service coverage in my area even though this is the phone Tracfone says works in my location.  Moving minutes and days of service was done with no issues at all.  That was fortunate as I have read of others having real problems getting it done.  Did that changeover on Tracfone website and things switched almost immediately.  Still learning about features and will be working over time to incorporate at least some of them as time allows.

I had an older version of the tracfone and my friend purchased the LG 840 so I updated our phones and purchased 2 from Amazon.  Love them almost like the smart  phones but a lot cheaper.  Glad I switched.

My first &#34;smart phone&#34;. I like what I see so far. The screen is easy to see and read. Accessories like a 32 mb memory chip, screen protector, USB adapter, phone case, etc. all work great with it. I have no complaints with it so far. A lot of the features are a great upgrade from my old flip phone.

Nice features. Network is fast. Signal not always as solid as previous tracfone phone, but it is a good upgrade.

My last phone was also a pre-paid but was the old fashion blah kind. I feel up to date with my 17 year old nieces. It does take alot of your minutes to download a picture though. Other than that It's a great phone.

The phone was great I just need a manual to use some of the apps and programs other than that it came in great time my son seems to like it we have no problems and he loves the mp3 player which is used the MOST. The price was very good it made a great christmas gift  Thanks

Simple, functional, all you need in one phone without being a smartphone. Love it! I have it with Safelink and it was really easy to transfer everything to this phone through their technical support number, in 10 minutes I had everything.

I am a senior citizen and had no problem activating the phone or figuring out how to use it.  I am happy to be rid of the monthly fee charged by the cell phone companies.

Lots of good features for an inexpensive feature phone.  However the reception is poor compared to other phones, which renders it basic usefulness in a rural area to be marginal.  There are better choices if you need to be concerned about reception.  It is fine if most of your use will be where reception is not an issue.

I purchase two of these phones to upgrade.  I love them and the fact that you get TRIPLE minutes for life doesn't hurt either! :D

I like it because It is easy to use, has the functions I use and it is very nice and compact.

Super-pleased with replacement of trafone LG 820G. - it worked okay  Bought second phone for wife;.  Super-low power. Texting capability great. Downloaded NetBeans and GL SDK to learn how to program apps.  Bluetooth and micrco USB cable work great for transferring files to/fom LG 840G.

Received this cell phone is a fast and quick time.  The phone was well packed with essential. I love using this phone;i feel comfortable using this phone;especially compared to the flip cell phone.  I highly recommend to anyone;try it you'll especially love the size of the phone.  Great product!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

The phone is good for the money, but be prepared for a nightmare experience with Customer Service.  Of course they are foreign and  they wore my usual good patience to a thread!  I simply wanted to keep my same old phone number that I have had with Tracfone for years and it took an act of a God to make that happen.  Be prepared to mention previous airtime minutes from your old phone, or their ploy (I have experienced this before) is to rip you off and not replace those current minutes. It is so cheap to own for my purposes - is the only reason I keep getting one.

Needed to update my phone and this one fits the bill perfectly.Did not need a fancy web-based phone so this one was ideal for me. Received phone in one day and switching tracfone service was a breeze. Very satisfied.

CANNOT FIND ANY PROTECTIVE CASE TO FIT THE PHONEI LOVE THAT IT WORKS ON WiFi & Doesn't use minures doing it

Great smartphone! My first one so far and I love it. No problems. 3G works like a charm I get service almost everywhere (southeastern PA). Definitely recommend!!!

I just love my new tracfone.  I have never had a phone like this before.  I just love every feature of it.

nice phone,but Tracfone cust. service is the worst ever!!! like the size of the screen and overall size of phone.

I transferred my old Motorola Tracfone to the LG840G.  It's not a smart phone and I knew that going in.  I like the phone pretty well. No problem getting triple minutes.The problem is that the service period was only extended by 3 months.  That was for a 450 minute card. I do not talk that much, so I'm going to have to buy a $10 card each month just to keep the thing &#34;on-line&#34;.  You used to get more service time than that.My old phone absolutely died and I could not recover any information from it.  I know it had service into early 2015.  That is gone. Tracfone reset my service to 1 month when I purchased this thing.  Also, not all of the time remaining was transferred to the new phone.  But since my old phone was dead, I could not prove any of this.At any rate, with the reduced service period, the cost advantage of Tracfone is not there anymore. I'll be looking into a low cost service for a true smart-phone.

I like the phone. The keyboard very is touchy at times and other times I have to tap very hard.  I was told to get a stylus. I am going to give it a try.  I wish I knew how to get Apps put on there. It was one of the reason I bought the phone.  The triple minutes are nice as I use it for work at times. Overall I would say it is a good phone and reasonable.  I would not of bought the 32gb card to go with it if I knew I could not download the apps.  I don't listen to music and the card was almost as expensive as the phone.  Beware. I would recommend it for just being used as a phone.  I like that the screen is big and I can see it.

I'm not much of a cell phone user but I love the handiness of having it when I need it. To boot, I can access the internet and check my email anywhere I have access to wifi without incurring any charges on my phone! I am a senior citizen who loves technology and getting good deals. This phone is a great deal in my book!

Got this as a backup. Good price ifyou get it with triple minutes.And if you do a little research youcan find a code for 200-250 extraminutes over and above the triple minutes.Good battery life. Connects whenever I need it.Sound quality is OK. I consider this a good buy.

Sure, it's probably my area, even though my area is in New York and not rural by any stretch. It's a cute touch screen phone for cheap. I like it. Too bad the reception stinks sometimes. I can't believe in 2013 we're still suffering with bad cell phone reception.

The new LG is wonderful.Also it matches almost the full expectation that some one will expect.Congratulation Tracfone! keep doing up the good work.

Great phone for a great price. Had problems setting up email so only four stars. And great coverage in the US (only).

I like it, but I had a very old flip phone. Maybe for younger folks that need &#34;smartphones&#34; not a good choice. But for the money I'm happy.

Very happy with this phone. This is the way to go if you are trying to keep your cell phone bill at a minimum. Quality phone as well as service. Thank You !

I did a lot of research before selecting Tracfone. Well, I talked to  friends of 50 years, and and they love theirs. The phone selection was even easier. There are over 800 user comments on the Tracfone website and almost all are glowing in praise of the phone. It's very easy to activate and port my old phone number from my former carrier. Bright display, great instructions on-line, and it includes Triple Minutes for Life. I'm saving about $30 a month and enjoying a great phone.

Only problem is I can't manually lock my keypad, have to wait on timer, before it can store it away with opening an app accidentally

cant beat a pre-paid tracfone  and we did not pay  $200.00 for it , no contract for two years and $90.00 a month. great phone and  lot of cover choices

I've used Tracfone for 10-12 years and this the first phone thats made me want to change providers.Even though I live in a city I'm in a pocket that has lower quality signals. My old LG 231 flip-phone did a great job with that signal but this piece of junk has trouble finding a signal and frequently tells me I have no service.The battery has to be charged every 24hrs even without talking and yes, wi-fi and Bluetooth are off.Unless you always have a strong signal and love to charge the battery, don't buy this phone.

great product but when i got it i wasnt able to activate it because it wasnt supported in my area

Great Phone! Works well and the triple minute plan is worth using the Tracfone Prepaid Plan. Thank You Very Much!

I bought for my son and it works great Love the triple minutes. I have to say it was a good price  and a great phone

I upgraded from the 800G and so far it's a good phone.  Love the WIFI option and bigger screen.  Fits better in my hand, and I have some big hands!

i liked the plan it is working fine and meets my expectations triple minutes will fit my budget thank you very much

In an effort to try to save money, we went the Tracfone route.  This phone has fit the bill.  It has triple minutes and with Wi-Fi access, so it has functionality without using minutes when at home or other  places with free Wi-Fi.  It has a micro-SD card slot that allows for storage of pictures (we put in the card from the old smartphone for more space).  It is compact, so fits easily in pockets without a lot of extra weight, but the screen is easy to see.  The battery life has  been good, as well.  We are very happy with it.

Had the usual hard time with Tracfone trying to transfer minutes and air time to this phone from another. The phone and service are excellent for the price once you get it activated. You can't beat it for a prepaid phone.

Would not work in my area even though tracfone said it should. Would like to return it but I used it for a few weeks. Went back to my older tracfone.

I really enjoy this phone and the triple minutes; really come in handy. But the thing that I really like is that iphone 4 cases fit on it. If you're wondering how big it is it is the size of an iphone 4 or 4s. Thank you tracfone!!!!

Last year I had purchased the LG 800 which is a touchscreen phone, can take photos and has access to the mobile web.  The touchscreen on that phone was resistive and tended to cause me to make many errors (hitting screens I hadn't intended, dialing contacts in error.  I was not happy with the touchscreen or how slow the mobile web was.  Along comes LG 840G.  So I went online to get some info about this phone and how people were liking this latest phone.  I found that many people indicated a much better touchscreen and the 3 g was faster.  This phone has wifi and that was what made me decide to puchase this phone.  I found it was very easy to set up, easier even than the Lg 800.  I had my contacts loaded on a SD card and was able to import my contacts and not have to reenter every last one!!  The wifi is terrific.  I set up my own home network and it was very easy to get that going, I never had to look anything up.  I simply went to the wifi icon , the phone scanned the available networks, it located my network and then I input the password.  After I did that , it saved my password so I don't have to do it again.  There is a limitation with some of the java apps from get jar, a keypad pops up on every page in an app .  This cuts the screen size down by almost half.  This is not a good feature.  I am able however to go online to some of my favorite web sites and that makes this a great phone for me.  I found the call quality to be good, am able to hear the other callers.  It was really good to get the 2 gig micro sd card.  The photos are not too bad however don't expect too too much, it's only a 2 megapixel camera .  The display screen is very bright and colorful, photos received by mms look very good on it.  This phone has triple minutes for life which is good as the mobile web can use quite a few minutes up.  The 3 G service is appreciably faster than the 2G which I had previously.  All in all, this is a good upgrade for tracfone from the LG 800 G.  Now, if they could only get an android phone available, even one with the older operating system, I keep hoping.I found purchasing from this dealer on Amazon to be very good.  I ordered my phone very late on a Thursday night and my phone arrived on the following Sat. at noon!!

The LG840G is defiantly a step up from the previous phones tracfone has offered. The phone is not a smart phone and sadly the adverts show the Android bot infront of the phone leaving you believe it is Android powered. The phone is still designed to look and work more like a android phone than the ones in the past. The wifi is a nice feature letting you browse the web without using minutes and also for me not having to switch from a ipod to my phone. The tracfone browser has been changed from .50 minutes for every minute online to how much data is being used which is  more forgiving as before you would be instantly charged .50 minutes just to access the web. The 3G is a nice feature that only a few will use but makes you feel that you are on a smartphone. If you have a old flip phone or even a LG800 this phone is a great buy for someone who doesnt use the phone enough to justify a plan. Beware that tracfone may be releasing better and possibly real smart phones in the summer/fall of 2013Pros:Wifi/3GBetter touchscreen than LG800Android style OS designNo frontside Tracfone symbol to give it away2GB of memoryCons:No a Smartphone even though adverts show the Android Bot infront of the phoneOnly a 2MP camera while other tracfones have a 3MP

I haven't really gotten into this cell phone, still checking out everything on it. But this cell phone is really neat.

I lost one just like it and had to get another, for 13 dollars and triple minutes , how could you beat it!

I bought this phone for $45 and haven't regretted it since, sure it's just a glorified &#34;feature phone&#34; and is slow as molasses, but the fullscreen and 3G connection more than makes up for any shortcoming.  With the Opera Mini browser running at fullscreen (look to other reviews on how to disable that joypad), most websites optimized for mobile screens are usable; I mainly use this phone to check Facebook on the go, and it works wonderfully on Opera Mini; also when I'm bored by being stuck in a long line or something, I can finally browse the web comfortably and read articles to pass the time due to the bigger screen.  Wi-fi is spotty, and simply doesn't work a lot of the times (I don't think it can connect to newer wi-fi security protocols...), but I could browse facebook and other websites for hours and it'll use at most a dozen or so minutes on the 3G coverage.I wish I could hate this phone for it's terribly blurry camera and lack of GPS, but for the price I paid for it and low monthly phone bill, it's a tradeoff I'm willing to make.  The Camera is somewhat decent on close ups though, and as for GPS...well, I have my $80 Car GPS unit if I needed directions, and I can always look up directions with my phone!

It's a neat upgrade from the primitive/basic Tracfone that it replaced. But .... its instructions are far from adequate. I have learned more from Youtube than from the enclosed literature. Also it's difficult to get to a human's voice on their customer service line.

like the phone a lot, still trying how to set up email on this phone. it is only taking over a (1) year know to figure out.

The phone features are great and I think it would be a good phone but it will not work due to not able to maintain a signal. I have a slightly older lg tracfone and it works great but not the lg840g. If it could get and maintain a signal would give it five stars.

This is my second LG840G phone. Unfortunately the first one was defected. It was replaced with no problem. I am completely satisfied with the second one. I am still learning all the different feature it has to offer.  I just wish the manual contained more of an explanation of the different features and how to use them.

for the money it's a great phone  and best of all I do not have to pay $60 a month for service  It does everything I want.  I had my minutes and phone number transferred within the hour

Phone was purchased for daughter to replace her old Tracfone flip type model which she had for a few years.

I upgraded from an old lg420.  I liked the 840G except it had limited bluetooth compatibility with my 2011 Nissan.  Had the phone for only a few days and dropped it in water today.  I'll give it until tomorrow to dry out.  Can't decide yet if I should look for something better if this one is fried.

This is as close as you can get to a smart phone with Tracfone. If you need a &#34;C&#34; coverage phone, then get the LG 235C flip phone over the LG 505C as it responds better to a weak signal.

We purchased this phone for our 11 year old. He's got everything he needs in it. A phone, a camera and text capabilities.  He's home schooled so there's no need to &#34;keep up with the Jones&#34; like other kids in school.  He uses it only to contact his family or close friends.This phone is a perfect tool to teach kids the responsibility of owning a phone. Pre-Paid is the way to go. He knows that he can't just waste time on the phone.  The screen is bright, the keyboard is responsive and the phone quality is just fine.Highly recommend this phone for parents that want to teach their kids about owning a cell phone without spoiling them with a $500 iPhone.

Exactly what I needed at a great price. Beats paying a high price at the big box store. Would buy again.

Great phone for the money. I purchased a reconditioned phone for $10.00 and got every penny's worth. Only one problem I've had and that's the reason for the 3 star rating and not 5 stars. The software is dated and isn't compatable to download contacts on my auto's system, something I really wanted. Called Tracfone and to cut to the chase they said "It is what it is".

I upgraded to this phone after getting frustrated with texting on my old flip (had to hit the &#34;1&#34; nine times to text the numeral 1).  Buyer, be realistic: you are not buying a Smartphone, as many other reviews have stated.  It's fine for texting, though this is my first experience with a touch screen and I often have to backtrack.  Call quality is good.  There are probably thousands of features I haven't figured out, but for my very basic needs (which do not include web surfing via cell), this is fine.  Can't beat the minimal monthly cost of approx. $8 with Tracfone.My particular phone has a faulty screen, in that the touch screen doesn't seem to work along the top margin when I'm texting.  I therefore must type my first line very carefully so I don't have to clear a whole line if I discover an error.  This would probably create for other users issues that I'll never be clever enough to discover.  It wasn't a big enough deal for me to go through the trouble of a return and another reactivation, so I'm making my peace with it.  That's the only thing keeping me from giving it a 5-star rating.

This phone is the best I've had since the late eighties.It is pretty simple to use and most if the icons are self explanitory.It has a QWERTY touch screen that makes a beep when you type each letterwhich I find very helpful when texting.It is slim and I carry it in my pocket, very comfortable.Best of all there is no monthly rip off charges, no bill! I also get triple minutesfor as long as I have it.I just bought my wife one too!enjoy

For a cheap phone it is good.  If you want to have everything, you need a smart phone.  I personally do not use this very often.  It is mainly for emergency when I am away.

You need to wait more than 30 seconds for everything. Battery last less than a few hours use. No good at all

I don't need much in the way of data plans or web access, but when I do, this works for me. I loaded the Opera browser and use it in landscape. I also changed the default keyboard to horizontal. This makes texting much easier than the physical keyboard of my old LG flip phone. My Bamboo stylus for my iPad also works well with this phone. I can also access both my personal and work emails.I also installed Google Maps, which is about the only other Java app I use.The camera is good enough for me for spontaneous photo opportunities (I have a good quality digital camera). I like being able to set multiple alarms and use the calculator throughout my day. I don't post photos directly to FB, so I can't comment on that. Sending them to others seems to take some time. I usually download from my phone to my computer with a USB cable.I had to learn to be more aware of accidental touching the screen or exactly where my left thumb touches when texting, but that would be for any touch screen.It's very convenient that my phone, my Kindle, and my Bluetooth headset all work on the same charger.My previous LG had a weak antenna and poor signal. This phone has a much better signal.

- A semi-smartphone for the price of a flip phone.- Uses major carriers 3G service (AT&T;/T-Moble/Verizon)- Phone/Text/WiFi/MP3 player and much more- Easily replaceable battery,SIM card and Micro SD chip- Triple minutes for life (Shop around and you can buy minutes for as low as 4 cents)

I love the new Tracfone. The touch screen is so much easier to navigate than those old menus I had to push button through on my old Tracfone.  It looks like a smart phone and does many of the same things--hooks up to the internet and you can send text messages easily.

After owning the LG800, I was sure I would never buy an LG again.  However, the price was right for an upgrade and I am glad I bought the 840.  It actually works.  Cost me about $7 month including phone and has great coverage.

Evidently defective----would not ring, just vibrate. Incoming calls could not be heard, regardless ofd setting.  Other features were extremely difficult to use. I went back to my old flip phone.

Bought this phone for my daughter.  This is the second one of this phone purchased for her.  It took a bit to change the ringtone.This one doesn't seem to keep a charge as long as the old one did.Overall it is a really nice phone.

My son just upgraded my original simple Tracfone to this model for my birthday and I am thrilled with it.  Touchscreen and messaging is so much easier & reminds me of my grandchildren's iphones - without the contract.  The triple minutes are fantastic and I had no trouble upgrading & transferring my minutes from the previous phone - kept my same #, also.  Connected to my wi-fi with no problem - just need to sit down & update my contact list.  Recommend it highly - only con is I can't find a protective cover for it, just a screen guard for the front.

When I receive a call the screen blacks out and I have to shut it down to the point it asks to Power Off, then I select NO and answer the call.  Same thing happens when I try to call my voice mail.  I'll be returning this phone.

This phone is (deliberately) missing a very basic and common security feature!The LG 840G (LG840G) does not have--and cannot be upgraded with--an application to block spam calls and messages. You can't even upgrade the phone by downloading a very simple application that permits you to block unwanted text messages. With the LG840G, whenever you get a text message, you have to open it and read it before you can determine who it is from. If it is a spam message, you have no way of blocking that person (or spam robot) from sending you more spam text messages.Most phones do come with the ability to recognize who is sending you a text message, and the ability to block messages from unknown contacts. In fact, the previous version of Trac Phone (the LG 800G) actually DID have a feature that permits recognition of who a text message is from, and the ability to block phone numbers from unknown contacts (spammers). My suspicion is that TracFone deliberately did not add a text message blocking feature for the LG840G because they do not want you to be able to block spam calls and messages. This missing basic feature will cost you a lot of wasted air time answering calls or opening text messages to see who they are from--only to find out it is another spam. Moreover, such an application is very simplistic and would be a very simple add-on application for a a Java programmer to write. But since this basic application is (STILL) not a feature of this phone, it is probably an intentional way for TracPhone to rip off people who own the LG840G by permitting them to receive countless spam calls and messages.Too bad that TracFone does not sell a Android smartphone that can have air time replenished by buying airtime cards. Smartphones with the Android OS are very popular because the Android operating system permits access to thousands of FREE applications to download. Many people would drop their contracted monthly subscriber phones for a smart phone that can be replenished with air time cards.

I love track phones and have been using them for years.  My daughter bought this one for herself and showed it to me. She said it was easy to use. I am 75 yrs. old and believe me this is a real gem of a phone. I love it. Like being able to use it without using my glasses. All the other phones are so small I must use glasses.  This is perfect. I am even using the text messaging and my kids cannot believe it. It's great. Buy one you will love it.

I can't believe the price. When considering what it costs to purchase other phone programs you can go out and buy a wide screen TV with the money you save. Now if we can only get the tracfone people to come up with a satellite TV system everything will be wonderful.

What I like the most about this phone is that you can access the web without using minutes (as long as you have a Wi-Fi connection).  Mostly use it for email. Opera Mini is a good alternative browser.  Search the web on ways to get rid of the keypad. Don't expect an android phone - as it is not.  I cannot justify the cost of the android service to myself.  This phone has triple minutes - I have enrolled in the family plan for 9.99 a month and I get 150 minutes which is cost effective for me.  I mostly use it for texting and occasional phone calls.  Nice that it came with a sd card too.  Bought a Dynamic Tuff Hard Case for protection (phone is on the thin side).  Overall phone is easy to use - a good phone for the money.  Amazon had the best price on the web.

I like this phone it take me a little bit to get use to and the apps. the only draw back the games on it is that the games on it  is just sample games. and You have to buy them. Also phone out that tracfone has a prection program for water damage was I needed after getting to phones wet. But the only problem with that is that you need to buy the phone from them or I think Walmart. so if you get you phone from some where else you can not get the proctection on it even though it is a new phone and it is a tracfone. But for the price it is not a bad phone

Within 24 hours of setting up email account my mail was hacked from the phone.I called tech support to see what to do to make phone more secure and the password protection seems useless the way it is set up.

I love the phone. If you are looking for a phone that looks like you have found your way to 21 century tech then this is for you! I have surfed the web but it is not good at that  as the screen is small and it is slow. I do love the features on the phone. I can hook the bluetooth to my car and that is a nice feature.

the phone came in on time as promise but there were technical problems with it ,call tracfone  inquiry about the problems and was told it was a bad phone

Does most of what I needed. This is my third Tracfone and fifth pay-as-you-go phone. Tracfone has the best phones for the price and I have had the best customer service and cell coverage of any phones before.

Still working on changing to this phone from a prior setup. Have to have a working phone number to switch to carry the same number. No switch over of previous minutes of prior company to the new company. Giving 3x minutes to the new phone is exellent for the life of the phone. Don't need a contract here. Just set up what you want in a phone setup! 90 days to use the minutes you pay for.

this is my 1st  touch screen phone, i luv it just  the right size,easy to use,well worth it ,plus i like because i have triple minutes,picture quality is excellent,and so is video recording

okay, this company is more commonly known as CrapFone. however, this one phone is most likely the least crappiest of the lot.and triple minutes makes it all the better.I give it four stars as a tracfone is never worth five.

Great Bargain.Easy to See. Easy to Use. Very Good Price. Well Thought Out. Good  Features and APP's High Quaity Feel

Purchased two...one for me and one for wife.  We have had  tracfone service for several years and have been pleased.  I have sent text messages with photo and used the calculator app....works great!

I have been a Tracfone customer for almost seven years. My first phone was a Motorola C139 (2.5 years). My next phone was a Motorola w376g (3 years). My third one was an LG231c (1.25 years). While my last phone worked fine, I wanted something that was as close to a smartphone as possible without breaking the bank. And truly, this is it.The phone is amazingly beautiful looking inside and out. Smooth black casing, clear touchscreen, crisp menus and pretty icons. The touch screen's responsiveness varies, but overall I love it. While it relies heavily on an alphanumeric keypad like older phones, it's several times faster to use. My advice for anyone having problems would be to rely more on your index fingers than thumbs.The operating system is a Java-Based proprietary OS. I'm still learning it, but it comes with a mobile browser, java based app compatibility, a standalone email client, camera, video camera, music player, video player and then your miscellaneous cellphone tools (voice recorder, calculator, etc.). Most apps run in Portrait mode (though video runs native Landscape). The browser has the option to flip between Portrait and Landscape. SNS Facebook uses Landscape mode.On the subject of the keyboard, the email client and SMS texting client use QWERTY. The browser defaults to alphanumeric but you have the option to use QWERTY (personally, I prefer the former). You can swap between letters/numbers, numbers only, and symbols with ease.The built in Music Player is as good or better than the MP3 Players I have owned. It is incredibly loud and still retains good quality. The video, on the other hand, I'm still trying to figure out. As the quality goes up, the framerate drops significantly. And Youtube doesn't like this phone, so if you're buying it to play video you will be disappointed.The mobile browser is very limited, but also very powerful if you know how to use it. Familiarize yourself with all of the features first, and focus on finding as many mobile sites as possible. When you find said sites, bookmark them. I have BBC News, Google Calendar and a few other sites already bookmarked and they all open to mobile and are relatively quick.Now, the phone falls flat in one major area: It's labelled as a GSM phone, but it cannot use GSM frequencies with a Cingular/ATT SIM Card. If you have this kind of SIM Card, you can only use EDGE signals (denoted by an E on the device's signal meter), and 3G signals (denoted by a 3G on the signal meter). If you use the phone in rural areas, you might find that it has bars but still says no service, and this is why it does that. Now, I don't know how it is if it has a T-Mobile SIM Card, but I would assume it behaves similarly.The phone is designed in a way that keeps it compatible with future advancements in telecommunications, but this severely limits your use of it if you live in the Western US, at least for the moment.However, I'm not too bummed. I love this phone, flaws and all. It does everything I want it to do; that's good enough for me. I hope that it's good enough for you too, and I strongly recommend it.

Sorry to say, after 4 months with this phone I'm ready to throw it away. I've had the dreaded "SIM Card Rejected" several times now. Tracfone leaves me on hold each time for many minutes, then I have to repeat all my personal information to them over and over because their system is pure junk.If you want a reliable phone with decent support, GO SOMEWHERE ELSE!!!

nice phone for the price, the only part I don't like is they charge you before you can see who's calling. Wrong number cost you money!

This really is a wonderful phone for a tracfone.  The only thing I don't like about it is the browser, when you type things in you have to verticlly not the horizontl way. It does not have a full keyboard when its vertical, which is unfortunate.

This is a good phone. My daughter likes it .She tends to put it in her back pocket and it does butt dial wish you cold lock so it does not use up her minutes. Love the triple minutes over all it is a good phone

I had the LG800 before this phone and it was terrible.  It was always calling people without me even knowing and it would use up all my minutes.  The touch on this is so much better!

I have been very pleased with this phone.  This is the first &#34;fancy&#34; phone I have owned and I have found it very easy to use.

I had the same problem out of this phone it just wasn't a good phone. I had to buy a new phone, thanks for trying.

I didn't need a smart phone. This is sooooo much better than my flip phone.It has all the features I needed. Easy to use and it is a nice size. Screen size and resolution is very good.I would buy it again and recommend it to anyone.

This phone just doesn't deliver. No matter what function I try to perform it fails. About the only thing I can do with this phone is make a call. The instruction book is a joke.Take picture and do what with it? The email always fails so I can't attach a picture.

Phone is EXCELLENT as was the customer service of Tracfone to set it up.  This is my third LG phone and no problems.  If you need good basic service you can't go wrong with Tracfone.  Buy your LG phone, rate and write your review.  Your opinion is IMPORTANT.

I did order this twice, because the first had problems.  Amazon has a great process in defective merchandise when buying the products sold by Amazon. They always take care of their customers.  The second phone seems to be exceptional.  I had the LG800G at first.  This cell was lost and couldn't find it.  This is when I purchased the newer model.  I love the LG840G even better.  Has a larger screen, thinner and lightweight. Seems to be taller and does have a very unique look to it. This is my first touch screen in a cell phone. I could never go back to the flip cell phone. It is really cool and I do love it.  I would recommend this product, especially because it is Amazon products.

I bought this phone to replace a tracphone with less features. The phone holds a good charge when on standbye. With my phone habits it lasts around 5 days. I upgraded to this phone because of the full QWERTY key board. It makes texting so much easier. The phone is in no way a smart phone, but with the touch screen it has the same ease of use. I also like the speaker phone feature. It makes making calls to some of these places that require you to push numbers several times before you get to the person you want.

this is a good little phone for the price.  I miss some of the features from my old LG phone I had with Sprint but I am learning to live without them.  The Wi.Fi  is a great feature and it takes pretty good pictures.  the plan is much cheaper than my old sprint plan since I get the triple min.

i like having this touch screen phone.  Sorry the camera does not have a flash, so it is pretty much limited to outside use. The volume control is located in a place where ones fingers go naturally just holding the phone, and I often reduce the volume without meaning too.Most of the things that I don't like are related to Tracfone control, and has nothing to do with the quality or abilities of the phone itself.

I've had this phone for several weeks and it's seemed like a pretty good deal given the low price and included triple minutes. However, I've been getting a few spam texts and calls lately. Usually not a big deal, except on this phone there is NO block caller or block text function. IMO this is such an easy function to instill that not having it is an unforgivable oversight, especially considering that this phone's predecessor, the 800g has such a function.I hate to think that the block call/text function was left out on purpose to force users to waste minutes, but I can think of no other reason not to have it. Such a pity. This was otherwise a pretty decent phone.

I bought this phone for my very picky engineer husband who resisted getting a cell phone for years.  Now he spends every afternoon using all of the fabulous features.  He just loves it.  And seriously people, the cost of adding minutes every 90 days is just $7.00/month.  Plus... triple minutes !  Thanks Tracfone.  I have an older model and I love it too.

I bought this phone because I wanted a touch screen. I've had it for about 2 weeks now. I found it easy to use after just a day or so of playing around with it. I use it mainly for texting and calls. It's not an internet phone because it's only 3G and too slow for that. However,You can access the internet via WiFi which helps with the speed. The camera is adequate for my purposes. If I want better pictures I'll use my camera. I had a 4GB storage card from a previous phone that had music and pictures on it. I put that in and was able to listen to my music and view my photos. It also has 3 home screens that give you access to contacts, widgets and shortcuts. All 3 screens are customizeable. This phone is a terrific upgrade from the other inadequate phones Tracfone sells. Plus you get triple minutes. I also bought a pack of screen protectors and a silicone jelly skin cover for the phone to help protect it. I HIGHLY recommend this phone for all you Tracfoners out there.

Excellent phone, works very good, do not let it pass for the price and the triple minutes offer.  I only use it  for emergencies so I really didn't need a tablet or anything fancier.  GREAT AMAZON DEAL!!!

UPDATE*****Every time you try to check email the phone crashes. This is by far the worst phone I've ever used!*******I own an LG800 which is a far superior phone to this thing. I purchase the LG840 phone specifically for the WIFI which works well, although when bringing the phone out of sleep mode it takes the WIFI about 5 seconds to connect so if you tap email or browser too soon you get charged.The screen display is absolutely hideous! The LG800 has a superb display that you can view at any angle whereas this phone has a silver sheen that makes it very difficult to see at even the slightest angle and in landscape mode it's even worse straight on.The Bluetooth doesn't stay connected even though the phone sits about 4 inches away from the device it's paired with. It constantly disconnects and reconnects and drains the battery.Setting up imap email is impossible. Every time you go thru the laborious process of entering in all the information and hit connect the phone reboots and all the settings information is lost. After doing this about TEN flipping times I went in and set it up as POP3, connected and saved the settings then converted the saved setting over to imap which worked perfectly.The phone also doesn't have a NONE category in the ringtones. On my LG800 I have a couple of groups that I have set not to ring. Not an option with the LG840.In conclusion, Life's not so Good with the LG840!

First, if you are looking for a smart phone, you are in the wrong place.  This isn't an Android or iPhone.  It has it's own proprietary operating system.But, if you are a loyal Tracfone user, and if you, like me you want a cheap phone solution, this is perfect for you.  This review is for the average user, so I won't talk about loading 3rd party apps or messing with the operating system.The phone provides basic phone functionality, plus has a web browser that will connect via wifi to save your minutes.You can program the email app to connect you your email (I have both Yahoo and Gmail).  One drawback is that the calendar app does not connect to outside calendars.  Nor does the favorites connect with your email favorites either.  These would be great future upgrades, or I would even pay for apps that do that.Takes photos and videos.  You can load your own photos and music onto the microSD card.  It took a couple of tries, but I got it to work correctly.The app store has just ringtones and a few games (the Texas Hold'em is ok).  Demo versions of Uno and a driving game are free.The touchscreen works pretty good, but it times out quicker that the setting indicates.  There's a pulldown with music player, bluetooth activation, alarm, silent mode, and wifi activation.  Then there are three screens section buttons: "contacts" (your favorite contacts), "widget" which allows you to have a permanently displayed clock, calendar, and a few other things you can choose from, and "shortcut", which basically is a page of your favorite apps.  At the bottom are icons for dial, contacts, messaging, and apps.  There is a call, back, and hangup touch buttons at the bottom.Some apps will allow you to display in landscape, but there's no sensor, you have to activate from the menu, and it resets to portrait when you exit.  The browser is ok, a little tricky to scroll with your fingers; sometimes it zooms instead, even though there's also a button for that.I tried to play a YouTube video, at first is didn't work, but then it did, albeit a bit small.Documentation is limited, but there are a lot of forums out there.  One thing they don't tell you is the security code is factory set to 0000.  I guessed that one and reset it to my own code. Good to know if you accidentally lock it.

I bought this phone for my 11 year old daughter and it will be a great little phone for her. I was able to connect to my wifi at home and the camera takes decent enough pics for what my daughter will be using it for. All in all I think this is a great value and the prepaid minutes are very reasonable when you buy them in bulk on the tracphone website.

When trying to search online it gave error messages stating there wasn't enough memory. Aslo would shut down on trying to download a GPS app or most Apps for that matter. Would never recomend buying this phone unless you want to just text.

We had 3 tracfones for my family.  All was fine and the LG phone is decent except it will charge you 8-10 minutes for every picture downloaded or sent.  Do not believe the company's website.  Next, don't even try transfering a tracfone number from one tracfone to another.  13 year old son's phone broke (samsung slider) so I wanted to transfer the number to the LG phone.  Tracfone told me our tower in our zip code could not "handle" the LG phone and we would have to "move" back to the original zipcode we activated the phone in.  My older 16 year old son used this LG phone for 5 months in our current zip code.RUN RUN RUN away from this company.  I bought a LG optimus S from amazon, and activated great service from TING.  Look it up.  TING.  They have real americans that answer the phone- never a hold.  My smartphone bill last month with taxes was 19.07!  That was with internet.  I am not part of Ting in anyway, just a very satisfied customer.GET AWAY FROM TRACFONE!

I UP GRADED FROM LG400 TO THIS PHONE FOR WIFI ..WELL GOING ON IT IS VERY VERY VERY SLOW ...BUT ALL THE OTHER THINGS THE PHONE I LIKE THAT IS THE REASON FOR THE 4 STARS... I LOVE THE TRIPLE MINUTES

I have used Tracfone phones and service for years.  This phone is great for my needs and the bonus is it has wifi so I can use the internet and email features when there is public or private wifi available.  This is not an android phone.

So far I have enjoyed this phone.  It's a poor man's version of a smart phone.  Still learning how to use the camera and not sure how to retrieve my voice messages.

Okay, so this really is a good phone. The wifi is pretty strong, and the packaging comes with a SD card(Yeea!!!) Unfortunately, I am more of an iPhone person. Although, while I had this phone, I loved it. If you're not looking for all the bells and whistles of the newest technology out there,this is the perfect phone for you.

After one day of use I am very impressed with this phone.  The first thing you notice is that it does not feel cheap in your hands.  The build quality seems very good.  I purchased this phone for a friend that has never had a cell phone and has no need for a full blown smart phone.  I have yet to give it to him, but it appears to me that it would fit his needs perfectly.  You can send or receive 3 text messages per minute.  Also, if you have issues with trying to figure out the security PIN for the phone it seems to be 0000.  This was not documented anywhere in the manual or online that I could see.I have seen many comments regarding terrible customer service from Tracfone.  When I had the issue with the security PIN I called their customer service expecting to be on hold for a very long time.  However, I was talking to an agent within 2-3 minutes.  She was very helpful and gave me the information that I needed.  I purchased this phone with a 1500 minute plan.  It will be interesting to see how long that really lasts.I own a Razr Maxx for myself because I do use a fair amount of internet usage.  But if I did not use the internet, I would buy this phone for myself considering the phone and 1500 minutes was less than what I pay for one month on my phone.If you are just needing a basic phone for calling and texting, I don't see how you can go wrong.  Also do not count on playing games.  It comes with 2 and they are both trial versions.  You can also change the keyboard layout to use a qwerty style instead of keypad which is nice for texting.7/11/13 update - As an FYI to those that may be looking to use this also as an MP3 player, there is a limit of 2000 songs that can get loaded onto the device.  I replaced the 2GB card with a 16GB card thinking I could load a lot of my music on it.  Also, you cannot use your songs as ringtones without first editing them to be under 300kb.

It's a great phone for the price, and it functions well.  The triple minutes and 3g/wifi connectivity makes it a nice phone!  The only down side is that it's not an android, but it's still good for the price.

Exceeded my expectations for a touch screen phone with TracFone.  Very easy to use and very durable.  Perfect for my budget along with the TracFone service.  Thanks!!

I hate phones with small keys and that are hard to read. This is the best phone for my money and I've had a few.

I purchased this for my teenager, he really likes it.  All his friends have Smart phones, but with 6 kids, that just isn't an affordable option for us. My son likes this, he's not embarrassed, because it looks cool, and no one can tell it's a tracfone.  The triple minutes makes it a fantastic deal for us, we can supply phones for everyone in the family.  He's able to use the school's WIFI for free,(does not use tracfone minutes!!)  which really helps keep the cost down. I plan to purchase more because teachers are allowing students to use WIFI in class to help with assignments.

It's a pseudo-smartphone.I purchased the LG 840G last year, March 20th 2013. It slows down a little over a year, the memory is good, apps are good, no free games except 2 trial versions. I'll be graduating college in a couple months with a bachelors in electrical engineering.After a year I've dropped it several times with no cracks or problems.A lot of pros for this phone, the only con is that the power button doesn't work after 9 months because of the poor design, so, I've kept it on 24/7.The power button stopped working today, probably due to a soldering problem. But, it's so compact that I can't get inside without tearing apart everything else.

This is a good little phone - does what I need.  However, when I drive to work I go through several 'dead' areas where I lose cell phone service.  When I get to work or home I have to remember to shut the phone off and back on to get back to the 'Home' status.  It displays 'No Service' until it is rebooted.  Just a kind of annoying problem.

Has Mp3, Camera, texting and phone for emergencies.  My daughter has enjoyed it and although it is not comprable to a high end smart phone this is a great price for what she needs.

Works great..love it.. Simple, reliable , and nice and compact.. Does everything I want it to do. Great deal thanks!

Great phone, wished it worked in this area, only Verizon phones work well here.  This was a present for a friend so was disappointing not a slam on the phone itself at all.

My husband and I have had Tracfones for many years. With cable, our long distance is free on our home phone but we still need cell phones for all the texting our adult children and grandchildren send.Finding an adequate phone that is applicable with Tracfone has not been easy. Generally, I'm a couple years behind everyone else with phone technology. All the capabilities of a good cell phone have been lacking for husband and myself. We have struggled with too tiny keyboards, confusing icons,  pay to browse, and low minutes for more than 5 years.When I saw this LG840G, I couldn't believe the description; Touch Phone, Free Wi-Fi browsing, + extra memory, (Hubby has to have The Good, Bad and Ugly&#34; Ringtone). I mean Clint Eastwood is his hero. The alphabet is actually large enough to see without my bi-focals.Online--Our phone numbers were transferred and  we were still playing with our LG840g's and texting each other at midnight.Yes, we bought 2!

Actually, I haven't activated the phone yet, but I do like the size and feel of it, and by reading about what I can do with this phone, I feel that I will love it and will recommend it to others

Returned Item and received very prompt refund - the 1st problem was the carrier assigned by Tracfone.  Tracfone uses T-Mobile and AT+T in my zip code area.  But only T-Mobile has a usable signal at my home -  They assigned AT+T - Tracfone Customer Service?? was no help at all - just kept telling me that was the correct carrier.  The second problem was the LG phone would not connect reliably and stay connected to my In-Car Installed Blue Tooth (Motorola IHF1000).  Motorola and Samsung phones connect properly and reliably so the Blue Tooth is fine.  Tracfone Customer Service?? again was of no help - nor was LG Support- nor was Motorola Support on this issue - They all just kept pointing to each other.  LG went so far as to blame another 3rd party software developer who writes the software for the Tracfone LG phones - said they (LG) only do the hardware.  Finally gave up and sent it back -- Did get a fast refund.  Probably would work OK in a strong signal area and possibly with LG BlueTooth.

This is the best Tracfone yet, I've had several the last 10 years.  Triple minutes.  With promo codes from TF, I'm talking and texting for $20 per month.  Takes great pictures.  I put in a 16gb mini sd card and got a micro USB cable to connect to the computer.  Ported my land line from Frontier to it.  That took some patients, about 5 days.  Had to call TF support, they were great.  [I'm 50 years old, fyi]

It's larger than is easy to carry when I'm in the yard.  Often I can't get service.  The triple minutes plan is a gimmick.  I paid $98 for 400 minutes.  AFTER the minutes are tripled, the usage fee turns out to be the same as any other plan! Actually, I liked my old flip style better, for my purposes.

Nice, solid and user friendly. Way better than the 880G which I have owned for over 18 frustrating months. the 840G is a pleasure to use, positive feedback, scalable font sizes, larger brighter display and well thought out user interface. I bought it here for $20 brand new and consider it an awesome bargain. If you don't need a smartphone ruling your life and just want to make calls and text, look no farther. This one is practical, well-built, comes with a mini SD card and the coverage area is superb. With triple minutes included you can get away with dropping $20 every 90 days as opposed to close to $300 with a smartphone plan. The question is: Is a smartphone a dumb purchase and a dumb phone a smart purchase? I think Clark Howard (google him) would say with this phone, YES! Just a note, in some areas you can't buy this model direct from Tracfone, but it will activate in those areas!  LG finally got it right. P.S. I've been a Tracfone customer for years with no complaints.

Don't expect too much. It works, but the internet is super slow if it works at all and yes you do have some lag at times with the touch feature. Remember, it's not an apple nor a samsung and not intended to be.

product was all that I expected it to be.I am completely satisfied with it. It was a very good buy, and I received it promptly.

I honestly think this is the best tracfone yet.  I don't understand why people come on here comparing it to an iPhone from Verizon.  It is a PHONE first and foremost.  It's primary purpose is to make and receive CALLS and TEXTS.  The call quality is typical LG, by which I mean crystal clear.  The touch screen is just as sensitive as my iPod touch.  Making and receiving calls and texts is so straightforward you will most likely never have to look in the manual.  It offers the typical phone tools such as calculator, tip calculator, etc. as well.  Ringtones are easily downloaded if so desired.

I loved the LG840G until it misbehaved about two weeks after I bought it, 'showing SIM Card Rejected' message after it was switched on. This happened numerous times, on and off. Tracfone replaced the SIM card which started displaying the same message after about two weeks. Third SIM card also had the same problem after a few days. I am now waitng for a new replacement phone from Tracfone, who believe the problem could be with the phone. I hope will not have the same problem with the new replcement phone which has not yet arrived. I will give it five stars if it had worked properly. The LG840G is a replacement for my Motorola flip phone whcih had no problems for the four years I owned it.UPDATE April 12, 2013Received the replacement phone from Tracfone todays ago. Disappointed to find it is a refurbished LG840G Tracfone and not a new phone, which was promised. Took three replacement SIM cards to prove that the unit was defective, when I could have returned to Amazon and got a brand new replacement LG840G within 30 days after receiving the original phone shipped from Amazon. I only hope the replacement will work properly. I love the phone and will recommend even after the bad experience.LG 840G Prepaid Phone With Triple Minutes (Tracfone)

I purchased this phone a couple of months ago.  I waited awhile to write this interview to see how the phone would perform and if I liked it.  I LOVE this phone!  It is soooo much better than a regular cel phone.  I consider it a &#34;smart phone&#34;, and would recommend it highly.  It has great battery life as well.  And the pics that I took were also of great quality.  For the price I paid, I defnitely feel like it was well worth giving this phone a try!

Great phone to make calls on. If you don't believe that all there is to life is the internet and e mail, this phone is for you. aif you're in need of a status sybol buy an I-phone or android. If you want a good phone at a great price, this is it.

Great Product for the price. Phone works great,  connection is good and triple minutes cannot be beat for someone who does not require unlimited talking or message minutes. Wifi and other features are available such as SDmicro card.

This is THE affordable answer for us luddites who actually use a cell phone as a phone, and little more.  I can't justify the insane costs of SmartPhone ownership and this little guy fit well between my tired GZone brick and those iPhone/Android pocket computers.  It has reasonable coverage (better than Verizon in our little satellite community), sounds good to callers and listeners, has Wi-Fi, strong basic features, and good battery life.It's screen is too small for me to 'type' on, but the STY-HD stylii 2-pack from AMZ makes texting much less difficult.  Its camera?  Meh.  Web browser?  Unpleasant.  Touch sensitivity?  A little quirky.However, for this user, TracFone's pricing structure beats the heck out of the national carriers, and the readout keeps you advised continuously of your use and remaining minutes/days.  How you gonna' beat it.  I couldn't.

This phone is pretty cool! No its not a smartphone ;( but it still rocks. It definitely is a cool phone to have. It for sure is an upgrade from the old flip phone. The best feature in my opinion is the camera. Very nice phone overall. It might cost under 50 bucks but it looks like it cost more and its cute!  Cool touch screen phone ;)

we were looking for a basic phone to be used during travel emergencies; just for calling nearest contacts and not much more; it works and saves money in the process with no contract.

I bought this phone for my husband, who used it for a few months before getting rid of it in disgust.The number was "pre-owned" meaning he got lots of calls from creditors of the person who had the number before us.We were charged for each call, and there were at least two or three per day, including lots of junk telemarking type calls even though he immediately placed the number on the "do not call" registry.Other people I've known who bought a Tracfone had similar problems.He tried to find a way to block all calls except from contacts, but there was no way to do that.The phone itself is badly designed.If you press the wrong button while you're in a call, the OS locks you out of the screen and you have to enter your security code even though you're talking to some-one. How does this make sense?It was too easy to make calls by mistake, which eats up a lot of minutes.The phone seems designed to trick you into using minutes.I would NOT recommend this phone.

NICE LOOKING PHONE, AND I LOVE THAT I CAN USE WI-FI FOR CHECKING MY EMAIL SO I DON'T HAVE USE MY MINUTES. VERY GOOD DEAL!

I cannot say enough bad things about this phone.  If it worked, it would be a great little phone, but it doesn't.  I am now on my FOURTH replacement, and each time I can't make or receive calls, or texting stopped working, or whatever.  And every time it stops working, it takes several hours of talking to customer service reps to get to the point where they agree it's hopeless, and arrange for another replacement.  Then, when the replacement arrives, it takes another two or three hours with customer service to get it activated with the proper phone number and minutes transfer.I have seriously NEVER had such a frustrating experience with any product or any customer service.  This is almost surreal.And each replacement is a refurbished phone, even though I paid for a new one.  It takes multiple phone calls and numerous hours and transfers to supervisors to get the original phone number out of the refurbished replacement, and your phone number in.I'm currently, as I type this, on the phone waiting for another supervisor to try and straighten this out.AAAAAUUUGGGGHHH

I upgraded from the LG 500g and it's great so far. Transfer was almost instant through tracfone's website. Set up of e-mail was just as quick right from my phone. Quick and easy set up of my facebook & twitter as well. I haven't figured out the bluetooth yet, still working on that. LOVE that I can connect at home using my own wireless and not get charged minutes! Only downfall I see is when entering contacts into phone book it's not a full qwerty keypad, kind of takes a while to type it all in. Overall, sound is great, pictures and video are great quality for a phone, I'm very happy with it!

The icons are sometimes so sensitive, that it will touch itself and I just watch my minutes go by because it basically touching itself. And when I went in to Youtube.com mode, the screen becomes so small that it's so hard to watch a video with that tiny little screen, they fill up the rest of the screen with arrows and command icons. And the battery is dead after only 1 day or 2 days, you have to recharge again. And I've tried the camera and video features of the phone, the picture is very grainy and is very dark especially in low light situations. Not really thrilled after all owning this phone...

I like this phone.  The triple minutes alone makes it worth the money.  It is very slim, so it fits in any pocket without creating a bulge.  I added a micro SD card and put all of my music on it.  It has WiFi so I can connect to the Internet without being docked minutes.  It has a standard micro USB port for charging and transferring files between the phone and a PC.  The battery life is excellent.  The camera is OK, but not great.  It has a QUERTY keyboard layout option for texting, so you don't have to enter multiple keystrokes for each character, as with the telephone-style keypad.  The touch screen is not overly sensitive, which is a good thing if you carry the phone around in your pants pocket.

Nice 3G phone, I CAN read it bright sun, I get great reception from Tracphone. The included triple minutes means a full year with my new phone and more minutes than I will use cost less than $150. The camera is good too! I like how I can remove the micro-card and put it into my computer slot to upload or download pictures. I do not text but there is a bit of a learning curve for the touch screen and keyboard features when entering contacts and the like, but that is just an old man learning the ropes. I used the Wifi once and it worked fine also. Battery life is just fine in my opinion. My old number transfer took a few days from Virgin Mobile. I should have ordered the $5.99 USB set listed on Amazon also at the same time.

Very simple and user friendly.  Has everything available that is my interest.  Also able to text very efficiently.  Love the WI-FI

I love the touch screen features and the fact that I was able to combine the prepaid time from two other TracFones. The only problem is that I haven't been able to enter the code to use WiFi at my house because the imput screen is the phone pad versus a keyboard and the code is blocked a couple of seconds after it's entered.

The bad stuff. The camera doesn't take very good pictures.The good stuff. The 840G's talk / listen quality is very good and the battery life is excellent. It is way easier to navigate thru than my old LG 235 flip phone.If you don't want or need a smart phone you'll like this one.

Having issues transferring photos from phone to computer with USB cable - hoping that I can.  Much better than my old flip phone

Lost my old Motorola TracFone, and after giving up hope of finding it, decided to replace it. I'm glad I did. This phone does everything I want and more. I basically just need a phone to make and receive calls, but this one takes pictures and everything! I know that sounds pretty simple to you phone addicts out there, but to me it was a sea change. Not a smart phone, and uses 3G technology. I believe it's on the Verizon network, but don't quote me on that. I do know that when on vacation in Colorado in the western Rockies, of the three cells we had, mine was the only with reception (roaming). Time will tell, but for $40, appears to be a good value, does what it should, and the triple minutes is great. Get one!

I lkie the phone and the features. I had  problems downloading a ringtone that I wanted. I had to seelt for one of the buy from tracfone rings.

This phone has changed our lives for the better! We held off on purchasing a phone for our teen until just recently well after her 16 th birthday . She has done good in school so we decided to reward her with something more than a flip phone. With this phone she can text , take pics, and of course , stay in touch .Because we have to purchase minutes for it , it helped to introduce a budget . Great phone!

Bought this phone as a replacement for my safeli k phone. Had it turned on and it works great. Has internet that can be used with WiFi for free!

I was a little leery about buying this phone because of the touch screen as I have never had one before, but the phone performs flawlessly and the keyboard is quite easy to use, although very sensitive. It just takes a bit of getting used to. The screen is large and bright and photos are very clear. I had no problem connecting with the wi-fi, although I find it nearly impossible to use the internet with such a tiny screen. I didn't buy it to surf the web though, that's what my laptop is for. I really love this phone compared to my last one, which had a tiny screen I had to squint to see. For a tracfone this is a vast improvement over their usual &#34;just the basics&#34; phone.  I highly recommend this phone!

excellent quality but be warned that the 3g makes this a &#34;minutes pig&#34; pic msgs used to use only 0.6 minutes, this one uses 1 minute plus airtime to transfer data so a pic msg in or out costs 1.3-2.5 minutes depending on resolution/size.  in all other respects an excellent quality phone with adequate accessory support.  I like the WiFi as it does not use minutes for data with WiFi Enabled.

The phone arrived in fine shape but dealing with tracphone is difficult with an extremely poor customer experience on their phone site or web site.  Needed a new sim card and they couldn't tell me that until I called back several days later waiting for the minutes and time to be transferred to the new phone.

I wanted to upgrade from an 8 year old Tracfone and didn't want to invest in a smartphone. This was the best option for my lifestyle and I am completely happy with it. It is easy to use, I was able to easily transfer my phone number and minutes from my old phone, and it looks good (almost looks like a smartphone!).  No regrets buying this phone.

Great little phone. Does everything I need it to and for a great price. Love the touch texting. Thank you

EDIT: I ordered a second phone after the first one malfunctioned, and 6 months on, it still works flawlessly. The design is simple and easy to use. The touchscreen is very responsive. Excellent quality for the price.

confused about setting it up and adding contacts with my fat fingers  can you automatically add contacts from my old phone?

I feel like I'm back in the days of the first android phones. Slow expensive and unreliable. It looks like a play phone.

Have had the phone for a month.  Love the features but Iamstill getting used to some.  The Tracfone set up was easy.  The screens are sharp.  So far, so good.

I am changing phones from the LG800G.  That is also a great phone.  This one is a little different than that one since tis one has WIFI also and the screen is a little larger.  So far its a toss up on which one I like better.  I had my 800g for quite sometime and it has been a great phone but I've worn it out.  (I'm rough on phones).  The 840g will handle up to a 32g micro sd card also which is one of the reasons I changed phones. I have a 16gb in it now.  Works fine.  The bigger the card, the longer it will take for it to load your songs and pictures if you've got a lot on it.  I do recommend this phone. Especially vs. going to a huge monthly payment - even vs. android yet.  I just can't see the need for paying 50 bucks a month for a phone.  Right now, we are paying  right around 30 bucks a month on the tracfone family plan and have 4 phones on it and have never needed to add minutes.  If you want a touch screen phone and don't want high costs, this is the one for you.

My car broke down and I tried 411 to get my friend to come get me, my daughter, wife and our dog.  could not get 411 person just a computer that did not work.  We went to T-Mobile which is not really more expensive because Tracfone only gives 40 minutes a month on the family plan.  This is only a little over one minute per day which is not acceptable.  for the T-Mobile third phone it is Unlimited talking, text and enough data per month for $10.  The tracfone service was like two cans and a string (Terrible) and the price was not that low.  The LG 840G was good quality when it worked.

Battery life is no more than 24 hours!  It's a nice phone but you constantly have to recharge the battery!

Works great! Dropped my last one down a fishing hole. Really like the wifi feature. Gives me a lot more flexibility.

Does everything I want, great for text messages, good battery life, and triples minutes are had to beat! Everything Good!

If you are wanting a REAL smartphone phone to connect to the internet, surf the web, check e-mails etc. this phone is not for you.  If you are wanting a phone that is WAY better than the flip phone you previously had through Tracfone (plus triple minutes for life!) than it is well worth the $45.00.  I've been a tracfone guy for 10 years.  I have a land line, I have a computer at work & home and a laptop I can travel with.  I don't talk on the phone or text that much (200 minutes a month if I'm lucky).  I just couldn't justify a REAL smart phone like an Iphone or droid and a $50+ a month bill when i'm paying less than $15 now.  I mainly got this phone because frankly I was embarrased to be seen talking on my flip phone and texting was a joke without a keyboard.  I HAVE connected to the internet but you have to jump through so many hoops it really isn't worth it and that's with the Wi Fi. I wouldn't even waste my minutes trying to get on the internet with 3G. I loaded my Mp3's on it, can take pictures and video and it LOOKS like everybody elses smartphone.  It doesn't have some features that I would have liked like voice activated dialing and some other things.  The real thing I don't like is the fact that when a call comes in it becomes "unlocked", you don't have to finger slide it to unlock it like my wife's smartphone so it is easy to accidently either answer it without wanting to or reject call just by reaching into your pocket to grab it.  I could have switched to Virgin and paid $35.00 a month and $400 for an Iphone but for my line of work where I am in the office most of the time and next to my computer it really doesn't make sense at this time, maybe someday, but for now I'm happy with my $45.00 aquisition.

Easy to navigate and has lots of useful features. The screen and keypad are a good size - keypad requires a light touch. Very satisfied, fits perfectly with my needs.

I have been a tracfone user since 06'. I was thrilled to get this phone. No it is not a smart  phone. This however a great touch screen phone. It looks great kinda small but, perfect for some one that doesn't need a fancy phone.

item came with no instruction manual having hard time trying to make it work. WFi doesn't want to work and I have no clue as to what the problem is.

It was advertised as a smart phone.  I do not think it is as it cannot download any apps.  Phone itself is OK, battery requires daily charging, so I do not think I am any better off than I was before I ordered the phone.

I LOVE MY NEW CELL PHONE cause its easier to see and read also YouTube and instructions can be download

It's a  pretty good phone for the money except that I have to hit the volume keys several times to &#34;wake&#34; it from standby mode and sometimes try several times to slide the main screen to unlock the keypad. I don't recall seeing it in the ad when IO purchased it but I would guess that this is a refurbished phone and that is probably why it was so inexpensive.I previously bought the same phone (new at a retail store) for my girlfriend and her phone responds immediately when the volume keys are pressed or I slide the screen.

I got this phone about a year ago from the Tracphone website, and fell in love with it.  It was just close enough to a smartphone without having to shell out $70 a month for a contract phone, or pay $500 to buy an unlocked phone.I love love love that the LG 840g can connect to wifi, a feature which my two previous tracfones lacked.  This enables me to watch youtube videos, check my email, and google without spending any minutes.Speaking of minutes, I love the triple minute feature!  I am a heavy texter, and calculated that I spend roughly $10 a month for service and minutes!!! (Of course, this is my own estimation, and I don't have a monthly plan with tracfone.). So that's a big plus.I am waiting for the white version of the phone to come in the mail, as my power button is not working too well right now.  I noticed it only after I dropped it on concrete, so that's probably why.But with the white (cooler looking) phone at only $30, I said why not?!?I love this phone!  It's a great phone for the price, and it's got some really cool features no other tracfones have.

this has to be the best deal in a prepaid phone out there, as long as you dont talk a lot.

Phone was as advertised even though it could not be used in my case the phone was new and fully functional.

I just got this phone today and activated it right away.  The battery came fully charged. It was activated online and it gave me 20 minutes and 2 months of service.  For 29.99, that's a nice deal.  I am downsizing and replacing an expensive T Mobile unlimited data plan with this Tracfone and only really need a cell phone with an occasional text, so I think it's going to work really well for me.  The WiFi is wonderful and I use that as a backup for my laptop when my wireless internet goes down. The phone itself is a little smaller and definitely lighter than my previous HTC mytouch, One last thing that is the best thing - I've never had such a good signal as with this Tracfone service.  Out here in the boonies, both Verizon and T Mobile have paled in comparison.

It may not be an android, but I like all the added features of the phone so far and the main reason I bought this off of amazon was because it was cheaper than on the overpriced tracfone website. My father told me I should've waited to buy the package with like 1,000 minutes etc and a yr warranty or something off of qvc or hsn, but I just needed the phone and the main reason I got this phone other than the touch screen would have to be the triple minutes for the life of the phone.

Works fine so far. I have read other reviews of it breaking in 30 days sometimes so I hope that doesnt happen but it works fine and the wifi is kind of nice, even if its a alphanumeric keyboard and the browser is sucky for the most part. Still nice to have it to check very basic info online.Phone itself works well for the price, really well. I like the options and apps and its just a really great option for the price so long as it doesnt break right away.

Soo surprised that the phone came w/2350min!!!! i use this phone as divorcee/creditor..neither that I dont really want to hear from LOL

Had this thing about a month now and I just don't know how I lived without it all this time! Awesome for all of my business needs. Does everything an iPhone would have done for me. Thanks

LG 840G Phone. Works with SafeLink and TracPhone. Looks like a smart phone, it is NOT a smart phone. Is big improvement over the free &#34;Obama phone.&#34; Has better voice (not great). Good camera,  no zoom. Huge pictures can edited into closeups with any PC photo editor. Has Wi-Fi, seem real slow to me. Unsure how to use other features. The online manual is 186 pages of gibberish.

I have been a Tracfone user for several years I decided to upgrade. So with saying that $39 is a great price for a MP3 player with speakers and a camera but if you are looking for a phone you need to look else where.  The browser is a joke. I got the phone thorough Amazon. It could not work where I lived even though I checked before hand if it would. I had to wait for a new Sim card. I live in VT but it was a NH number 30 minutes away. My phone wouldn't even give me the phone # I had to call my work # to check the caller ID because even though there are 4 bars at my house there is no service. My guess is it is a Virgin Mobil phone as AT&T, US Cellular and Verizon all work here and all of my other Tracfones worked at my house. The service is spotty and the phone sound is crappy. It is now an expensive clock. I have to get a new phone. I would never recommend this phone. Do not waste your money if you need a phone. Oh and because I gave the tracfone rep my email address I was spammed with all sorts of crap, I said I did not want information from their affiliates, DO Not give them your information!!!

I sam very pleased with the Trac Phone. It is more than I anticipated it would be and I like the extra minutes, I plan on keeping it and getting minutes as needed.

This phone is GREAT for the price tag. But keep in mind it is NOT an android replacement.But its not a bad phone if you are looking for a stable, touchscreen phone that wont mess up on ya..Ive had mine nearly 4 months and only had one issue with it.

Could be a little tighter around the phone but overall it is good protection.  I would recommend it to others.

I love this phone!  I love the large fonts and lettering!  Everything works great!  The delivery was prompt!  I would definitely buy this product again!

It's fairly compact and svelte for an elcheapo $27.00 phone.  Triple minutes, you can find the minutes cards almost anywhere and, if you can't, you can purchase minutes online at the Tracfone website.  Clear, vibrant, sharp display screen.  Quick response to icons.  Exception:  Surfing on this is abysmal due to browser given and performance but that's perfect as I don't want my son wasting minutes surfing.  Has a slot for a MicroSD card.  They give you a 2GB MicroSD card as a freebie but I'd pump it up to at least 32GB if you want to turn this into an MP3 player.  I transferred my son's old T-Mobile phone number to this phone on a Saturday and the process was fairly straightforward.  They (Tracfone) ask a lot of nosy questions - really.  My address I can understand if there was loss or theft of the phone.  My email address - I said &#34;no&#34;.  They had the nerve to ask for the last 4 of my SSN.  I said no way.  Things proceeded anyway.  Phone number was transferred within 4 hours.  You just power off and power back on and there ya go.  When they prompt for &#34;activation&#34; it's kind of a misnomer.  What they really meant in my case was &#34;Add Airtime Minutes&#34; which I did.  A $39.95 200 minute card became 600 minutes due to the Triple minutes.  This is what I wanted as, while I liked T-Mobile it is very difficult to get enough &#34;talking&#34; minutes from them under $50.00 a month.  Yeah they (T-Mobile) and Walmart sell a lesser known (semi-hidden!) $30.00 per month service but it didn't meet our needs.  This is my speed.  If you don't use your minutes you have (I think) 90 days before they expire.  On my personal tracfone, I can get through an entire year by buying maybe 3, 120 minute cards ($29.95) that get tripled to 360 minutes.  So...geez...for a years worth of mobile phone, I pay around $90-$100 dollars.  If web surfing is not your focus, then I can recommend this phone.  Can't beat it.

I love my new phone, it has all the feature's that I wanted. I can text message, take photo's with it and I can just touch the screen to get from one thing to another. also has a video camera with so you can take video's. would reccomend this very much for the one's who want a touch screen mobile phone.

I don't use my cell a lot and when I do I usually only text or make short calls.  A tracfone is perfect for my usage.  $20 a month gets me 180 minutes (because of the triple minutes) and I have more than enough for my needs.  I've never had a reception problem and have never dropped calls.

This lg phone is so different from the other phones that I have had, before touchscreen. It was a bit of a challenge at first and took a little to adjust to the touchscreen. Now that the phone and I are in sync man I love this phone, it has so many features. If I was to pick one again that is not a smart phone but is real close to one, This Is It.

This the worst phone  it says app capable that's a lie don't waste your money on this piece of crap

This model tracfone ( have had two others)  has been one problem after another,the first thing I noticed was you cannot set up your voicemail box, called tracfone customer service and after being on the phone for over an hour spoke to four  different reps trying to solve this problem was told it must be because I live in a rural area(60 mi from Reno?) that the area is not receiving Verizon signal, had no problem with my other tracfones receiving verizon (this model is choosy?) also web browser will not work due to signal problem???  the latest problem is the battery will not hold a charge, did they not put a new battery in this phone??? has to be charged daily even without use. I will be returning this tracfone and reactivate my old tracfone with voicemail from verizon funny how that works old models get the signal new models don't!!! marget

I own an LG Smartphone for normal use. I have had a very cheap basic Tracfone for a backup or emergency. I had extra money on my gift card for another order, I saw this and said, What the heck, it is cheap, what do I have to lose?Well I was very surprised by this phone! It is NOT a smartphone, but it is so close in my opinion, that those who have smartphone will only be mildly &#34;annoyed&#34; by the difference for such a great price.To those who do NOT have a &#34;smartphone&#34; because it may be more complex and expensive, this is the perfect middle ground or stepping stone to modern phones.If you text your grandkids and the tiny letters and having to hit the button 4 times, this phone does it on a touchscreen, which registrars every thing you press right away. You don't have to hurt your fingers anymore, especially if you have problems with arth. or other age related pains ;).Some have mentioned problems with the Wi Fi. I had no problem, I simply found the Wi Fi emblem in the menu, turned it on, chose my home Wi Fi, entered my security password(for my home internet protection) and was up and running. I think a mistake people make is they turn the Wi Fi button on the phone on and turn &#34;airplane mode&#34; on also. Airplane mode needs to be OFF. This button is there soley for when on an airplane, no need to push it for any other reason.One caution is to make sure you have a good Wi Fi connection or it will switch over to the phones &#34;mobile web&#34; which deducts minutes, WiFi DOES NOT USE YOUR MINUTES/UNITSIt is &#34;mobile web&#34; which is different than regular internet. It is not as good, but, it is more than adequate for getting news, weather, sports and all that. I installed Opera Mini and UC browsers on the phone and it is still not the full internet, yet it is really an issue of adding a few seconds to find what you want. I have Google Maps WITH street view loaded on this phone.To add things like the browser, Google Maps search for &#34;signed versions of opera mini browser or google maps&#34; you will be given a code and they can be installed in a couple minutes. I actually watched live TV news on this phone. Is the picture perfect? No. Is it good enough to watch tv or videos? YES. It is not going to be the quality of a big screen TV's, but it is more than OK for you to watch and hear it perfectly fine. If you are used to a 84 inch HD TV screen, this is probably not going to please you. If you have ever watched a Coleman TV for camping or an old Sony Watchman, it is like that, but in color and in my opinion a bit better.I know this was a looooong review, but I think this is a very good phone for the price and I may even let my contract expire and use this for my everday phone. Oh yes, and it does have a camera, which took very clear pictures of my dogs when I tried it out.I should mention that when first setting it up have your laptop or &#34;regular&#34; computer to get it going. Once it is set up as you like it works great. I HIGHLY recomend this phone. It is the best phone you can get without crossing into the $100-300 range market. Please disregard any words beyond these my &#34;real smartphone&#34; has a bug that won't allow me to erase them...for cheplain so the phone does not interfere with

I bought this phone on May 16, 2013. When I went to add minutes on August 26, 2013 Tracfone refused to honor the triple minutes which were promised in the Amazon description. I spoke with Tracfone customer service at 800 323 2366 and they refused to do anything about it. Either Tracfone or the seller of this phone is engaging in very deceptive business practice.

I bought this LG 840G to use with my Tracfone account.  It's a really nice phone for a prepaid phone.  The touch screen is nice, reception is good and it just looks nice.  It's not a smart phone but I knew that's not what I was buying.  I just wanted a nice phone for a good price and this is better than what I expected.  The other great plus it that it has wifi, so you can use the phone for free wherever you can pick up a wifi signal.  That's really the main reason I got this phone.  It would be nice if it was more of a smart phone, but for the price I paid, I really can't complain.

Not only can I actually see the screen clearly, texting is easier.  Sorry I waited so long to upgrade. Love the blue tooth.

Nothing to really write home about.  I miss some of the ringtone options that was on my LG800.  I also liked some of the sound options that my old phone had.  I didn't have to listen to every tone and beep the phone made when turning on and shutting off.  Other than that, I like how easy it is to connect to wi-fi and the quick access to my e-mails.

Does the job with some handy features, but it's no iPhone. It would be much better, if it had an Android operating system.

rejected sims card kept coming up and I had to jup through hoops to get tracfone to send me a new sims card then I wanted a new phone # and again had to ask for a supervisor.I have other tracfone and this is the worst experince I've had with tracfone.

This is a perfect phone for me.  I don't need to be &#34;connected&#34; 24/7.  I can wait to find a place with wifi if I need to get on the internet or check my e-mail.  The phone and texting are easy to use.  The camera is not the greatest but it captures the moment when needed.

Can't get it to activate and now they say have to have a new sim card in it.  Waiting on that now to see if it will work.

My first one was stolen, and I bought a second one.  Everyone cannot believe what this little phone does, especailly if you're not into all the bells and whistles of an Iphone or whatever.  Also, the text letters are BIG, a great feature than the little teeny ones I see on other phone.I like it alot.  AND it gets triple minutes (I hardly use the phone, so my bill is $20 month).peace to you and yours

I bought this particular model in connection with a Tracfone promotion as an upgrade from my previous basic Motorola Tracfone model. For its price range of approx. $60, the LG phone offers many more options including camera, internet access and limited  equivalents of features found in the I-phone. As I am hearing impaired, I do most of my phone contact from a special amplified  home phone and  confine cell phone mostly to any needs while away from home. Tracfone is a prepaid service which suits my needs. Heavy cell phone users accustomed to intelligent applications may find the LG 840G inadequate for their needs , however, I am very satisfied with it. It has excellent voice clarity and all the features I could ask for.

There is not much that I can say that has not already been said in previous reviews.  I did the research and so far my wife is happy with the phone.

It does everything I need it to do without all the expense of a smartphone.  And getting the triple minutes made it a no brainer.  Plus lots of special offers came with it.

My husband uses this phone- He is constantly losing phones, letting the batteries die, etc so I could not justify spending a lot on a phone for him. This phone is very slim and palm-sized so it fits neatly into pockets. It is a touch screen, and while it's not as responsive as more expensive models, my hubby has pretty large fingers and he is able to text on it fairly well. He's downloaded a few games but doesn't really use it for that purpose. Call quality is top notch, as with most Tracfones, it gets service everywhere, even in the backwoods of WV. The only qualm that my husband has mentioned would be that when he goes to retrieve it from his pocket he often accidently hits the ignore button on the touch screen and has to call the person back. It has a lock function on the top of the phone that you can activate but the screen activates itself when a call comes through. Sometimes in the process of digging it out of his pocket he presses the ignore button. Not really a big issue but kind of annoying. It has email capabilities and receives/sends picture messages (picture quality is decent, but looks grainy on the screen. I've sent them to my phone and printed them out and they actually aren't bad) but that normally burns up a lot of minutes so he rarely uses it. If it has a web browser he doesn't use it either. Tracfones are usually worthless in that regard. But if you like a cheap phone with triple minutes and a decent touch screen for texting, this is a good buy.

I have been suing tracfones for a long . I like this phone. I am not a smart phone user so the browser function is not important to me. Most times I access it is by accident. I use it for calls (good clarity and have not been in many places where I had no signal), texting (very satisfied with the keyboard functionality - not great but keep in mind - cheap phone), and the music player (work great with head phones for me). I bought 1 for myself and then 1 for my 16 yr old who was embarrassed by his old flip phone.

I'm not sure how to rate this yet because I love the phone. But i'm concerned about the quality. I bought an LG 800g and it died 3 months later. Luckily I had the extended warranty. I upgraded when I got the refund on the other phone. The great thing is that it has 3G so I can connect over wifi and not use up those precious minutes. That will save me a boatload of money.Pro: WifiCon: There doesn't appear to be a way to move downloaded apps or ringtones to the included memory card. That eats up internal memory and causes the phone to fail -- or at least that's what happened to my other one.

For the most past I like this phone -- especially the triple minutes for life that was part of the package -- but it has a nasty quirk: when I make a phone call, the screen blacks out. The call works, but I only know this because I can talk to the person called. I can't see ANY information on the screen. It is literally black. I even have a hard time ending the call (which has caused me in a few instances to think that I have cut the connection, only to discover several minutes later that the line is still open). I have learned to compensate for this odd behavior, but it should not be necessary to do so.

I was so looking forward to receiving the LG840G.  I have the LG500 and it works perfectly.  Didn't need a new phone but wanted the triple minutes.  Unfortunately, I had a terrible time hearing anyone because the voices faded even when I picked up voicemail.  I adjusted the volume but it didn't help.  I shipped the phone back to the company.  Returns I try to avoid but this was an exception.

I average about 100 minutes a month even after transferring my land line to my cell.  Excellent choice for me as I had been using a TracFone as an emergency phone so had built up 2400 minutes on my old flip phone.  This moves me to the 21st century, but still has features I'll hardly use.  Have to be careful with the touch as I sometimes select things I don't intend (sent one of my first text messages to the wrong person when one touch selected an address and sent the message at the same time).

only using the phone, mostly on standby, not the camera or internet, the battery is draining in 24 hours-very inconvenient

This was for my husband to replace his phone with a bad antenna. He loves it! Takes good photos, has a drop down keyboard, and the triple minutes are awesome!

My Dad recently got it this phone and I've been playing around with it to see what it's like (I have a 500g). If I ever do upgrade my phone, I was thinking of this one.On the surface, it looks like a really nice phone. It has Wi-Fi (huge feature for Tracfones as they never have it before), a good quality touch screen, and comes with and SD card (only 2GB, but they never used to with anything)! It seemed like a high quality phone in general. However, when I dug deeper, I noticed that a lot of features are missing and the phone is not an upgrade over my 500g AT ALL.1.  The call recorder is GONE. They removed the feature! I have looked everywhere, it simply does exist. The phone has a voice recorder, but that can't be used while you are in a call. This is feature is deal breaking for me. When I get calls with important information, I record them so everything is captured. I don't want to have to take notes (and it's not even always possible, like while driving) or miss something that is said. It's just not as efficient. My 500g had this, so why not the 840g!?2. They removed the previewing of new, unopened text messages. You must open them the whole way to see what they say now. On the 500g, it would show you a little bit, even before you opened it. This was so useful because it saved me minutes not having to open things like "OK" or "be there" or other really short things. Now you need to open every message to see what it says, even if it's just a dot. Put the feature back!3. The keyboard is never used by default, and for some forms of entry, completely missing. The only time the keyboard appears automatically is when sending text messages, otherwise the text entry mode is keypad, even when it makes no sense, like making notes. To switch to keyboard, it takes 3 clicks. It may not sound like much but if you plan to do any typing or text input it gets old fast. And if that wasn't bad enough, the keyboard is unavailable for places it seems necessary, like for typing Wi-Fi passwords, renaming files, and the calendar. Who is responsible for this!?4. When you put profile photos for contacts, it doesn't simply take them as - it requires you to crop the head out. The crop size is quite small even at the "largest" size, and it took 3 tries to get a single photo pic for a person because the original photo and even the phone's camera were making images that were too close to use. Ridiculous. I had to find a headshot that was really tiny in a large resolution picture. Way too much work for what should just be crop or use full image. It also uses a square crop aspect ratio, which is odd because nobody has a square head. Either you chop off some hair or their neck.5. The camera is the same Tracfone low quality.  However, now you get 2 megapixels of it, not just 1. Seriously... no autofocus, no improvements? It looks like nothing was improved from previous generations.6. The "Call Reject" feature is missing as well. Previously you could block who calls you, either all calls, those with no caller ID, unregistered, anybody in your contacts, or contacts in a group. Not anymore. What do we, as users, gain from this!?7. The fonts are kind of large, even at the small size, and almost ugly looking. I really don't appreciate them.8. Settings all over the place and somewhat sparse. I wish they were all consolidated in one place. They've also removed the Profile feature, which makes making changes to your ringtone volume and other common settings fast.9. The phone takes 30 seconds to start... it feels like molasses. It also prompts you when you turn it off, with no way to disable the prompt.I would never recommend this phone. It looks like an upgrade at first, but what kinds of upgrade cannibalizes past features!? Like my 500g, it's also an LG, so I expected some consistency. This is the usual Tracfone phone quality - feature phone with basics, but with the basics missing. A lot of these problems could be fixed with a software/firmware upgrade, but Tracfones don't have the ability to update themselves, and I doubt updates would ever get issued in the first place. This is their 3rd or 4th touch phone, and so far, TF can't get it right. I've heard complaints for the EX124g, the 800g, now this.

With our first, second and third cell phones, we were paying for much more than we used.  Finally, my husband &#34;discovered&#34; Tracfone.  Now, we both use a Tracfone. My husband has a simpler model and I have many buttons to push. I especially like the alarm clock feature.

Worked very well for me for 2 years, until I upgraded, will keep as a second line. The only complaint was how it operated as a web browser. Most sites will make it crash or freeze, when it does work it may crash randomly while browsing. There are no apps for this phone and very few Java apps or games will run on it so be careful. It worked well as a music player and played nice with my Bluetooth.

I have never had a touch screen phone before, and I thought that it might be nice to start with a supposedly simple and rather low-level phone.  Boy was I wrong!!!  First, it turned out that the phone had to be activated by putting in codes from numbers to be obtained over the regular telephone.  First I tried to get the numbers from the automated voice which was clear and understandable, but which paid absolutely no attention to what I was doing.  The keypad, which was not querty,  was too sensitive so I kept hitting the wrong numbers. I was not told how to correct the numbers so I gave up on the automation. The human voices came from the Philippines in broken English in a phone connection full of static.  Again i could not get any help but only told to start over and over again.  It happened that the slider did not unlock the screen as it was supposed to, yet the &#34;helpers&#34; just kept telling me to keep sliding.  Later I found I could unlock the screen by pressing the top button, so why didn't they say so?I should have mentioned that the phone came without a real manual and no manual was available online either.  Eventually I was able to activate the phone by writing down the numbers dictated by the automated voice and inputtting them afterwards.  When I tested the phone by calling it from my home phone, I found the sound was mediocre at best, very much inferior to the old Motorolla cell phone from ATT that I had intended to replace. By the way, when I originally purchased that Motorola phone, ATT activated it by a simple phone call, no coding nonsense.I ordered some airtime online which took three days to actually arrive on the phone.  Why so long?  On my current prepaid phone, new airtime is available immediately after I pay for it.My conclusion is that if you are skillful with smartphones, buy one that is top of the line.  If you are as awkward as I appear to be, stick to a simple phone that does not use a touch screen.  Here I had become rather discontented with my ATT Motorola phone, but now I see that things can be worse.  I will stick with ATT, but go to their store and see if I can buy more up-to-date phone that is better than the one I have.

i used to pay for my phone service $200. a month and my home was built on dead zone so my service was awful, that i had to keep a hardwired line.  so i dropped my service and purchase this.  since i cant get service at home, it serves me well when im outdoors and away from home.  does the job and i don't have to pay monthly fees.  it saved me $2400. just this year alone

easy to use and easy to transfer my old to my new!! and had NO problems getting my old unused minutes either!!  would highly recommend this phone and the seller to anyone!! love it!

Just right for me.  It's not a smart phone but it is semi intelligent and has many functions that meet my needs.  I'm not a techy and if something isn't user friendly I'm not going to use it. Short work of loading all my contacts, appts/meetings etc. Plenty of opportunity to expand the information database to meet my needs. Have been using a Kindle for audible books. It's pretty easy to download MP3 books and music to fone. Light to carry or stuff in pocket for portabilityLow price, no contract and triple minutes was what attracted us(my husband bought his first).It's not for someone who wants all the bells and whistles of a smart phone, but to get out of the dark ages of communication technology this is a good first step.

I am a Tracfone fan and had a basic Motorola phone but wanted to be able to access email and the internet when traveling.  I liked the fact this one had 3G and WiFi as well as triple minutes for life.  It is a well built phone.  I already had a USB to micro USB cable and car 12V plug so didn't need to buy one of those.  I spent the first couple days playing around with the Browser over my home WiFi (phone not activated yet).  I saw on youtube how to download the Opera Mini browser and easily did that.  Admittedly the viewing screen for the web is small but it works ok.  I set up my gmail easily in Opera Mini and like the interface there.  After I activated the phone I set it up on the phone's email app which is also decent.Call quality is good.  Speaker phone works well.  i easily dragged and dropped an album onto it.  It's an ok for music.Pictures and videos are grainy but the camera is easy to use and can readily email or text pictures.  I liked that the phone will store phone numbers and email addresses for contacts.Setup thru the tracfone website went well and I got my minutes and days transferred.I didn't have trouble signing on to WiFi or transferring my old phone number.  Sure it uses minutes when on the web via 3G but they don't get sucked right out of the phone as some reviewers implied.  But practice your web usage, email, sending pictures on WiFi to get efficient before going 3G.I had been thinking 'gee I should spend $400-600 then $45 per month for the Walmart iPhone' but now don't feel it is necessary.  For a casual user like me, this phone does what I want and I am glad I got it.

Phone works well so far. (only have a few weeks) Screen is very sensitive. The price is decent. I upgraded from flip-phone. Have not used a lot of features.

Does what I expected. Browser connects to my home WIFI. Downloads weather news etc. Nice phone for the money. I like it!!!

It is a great phone for the price.  It is a lot of fun to use.  Using the Wi-Fi gives me the chance to try out lots of features without paying minutes.  I would definitely recommend it.

If you are used to a real smartphone, this is not the phone for you. I've never had anything but the old type flip phone, so this has been a step up for me. I haven't had any of the issues all of the other reviewers said they had. wi fi connects good to my home wifi as well as work. It was easy to set up, right on the tracfone website, transferring my old tracefone number as well as minutes. It took less than 10 minutes. i've never had a phone with internet before, so i guess i have nothing to compare that too, but my son can watch videos on youtube, and although the screen is very small for that, it works pretty well. If you buy this thinking you're going to get something like an iphone, then don't waste your time, but if you're like me, who has never had a touch screen, you will probably like it. i do wish the touch scren were more sensitive. sometimes when online i have to &#34;Click&#34; things mulitifle times before it will go where i want it to, but other than that, great phone.

All help would be appreciated,  have 08 ford Taurus limited cannot get sync/Bluetooth to sync to navigation system.. Company is useless seems we must keep buying phones until we hit on one, Tracfone told me to sell to 3rd party and try different phone

The LG 840G offers good battery life and good sound quality- an improvement over my last Trac-fone. The screen can be touchy at times, a minor annoyance, but all in all, it has been a good purchase for me.

I love this.  Keyboard is much easier to use than my previous phone, and the menu system is much easier to navigare.

I am not much of a phone user.  I was sharing a T-Mobile account with my wife.  It came out to about $33 monthy for my share.  There were months where I only used 10 minutes.  After seeing a few ads on TV we decided to go at it alone.  She uses a lot of minutes and needed a smartphone.  I needed a cheap dumbphone and this is where the Tracfone really shines.  While I've had it for just a few months, my projected average bill will be about $50 for the year, not including the phone.For me, there's nothing to not like about the phone.  It's very easy to use, to add minutes to, has a camera, and all the things necessary for me.  If you are not someone who makes a lot of calls and texts then give this a try.Highly recommended.

I recently retired and gave up my company IPhone 4, but I wanted an inexpensive alternative to the $100 a month IPhone.  I primarily use it for phone calls, messaging, the calendar, photos and the notepad.  Honestly it works better than I expected for those features.  Naturally the quality of the photos don't nearly measure up to the Iphone.  I also miss the following on the IPhone: High quality videos, apps, full function scheduling with customer reminders etc. etc.

I got this for an excellent price and was pleasantly surprised at the capabilities of this phone. As long as you are primarily looking for a phone and do not do a lot of surfing this a terrific phone with a considerable number of features that you rarely find in an inexpensive phone.

I really like this phone,I like how easy it functions. Very easy to read and use, also the touch is real soft.

i bought this to replace my older lg phone. this isn't a smart phone but a touch screen cell phone. the camera takes fairly nice photos and i can store music and play back on it.

This is my 2nd Tracfone and my 1st LG.  I'm not a heavy duty user of all the things it can do, but I have sent texts, pixs, & emails with no problem.  I like the larger screen and really like the 'touch' feature for doing stuff.  It is much easier and faster to pick out letters & numbers by touching the key vs. having to press it.  One of the features that attracted me to this phone was the ability to check my email for free (using no minutes!) if I was at a wifi place (like McDonald's).  I run a small business and now when I travel occasionally I won't have to lug my laptop around.  The other feature that attracted me was that it has a place I can plug ear buds into if I am someplace noisy and can't hear.  So yah!

Love the phone.  Can find screen protectors but can't find a LG 840 G gel case.  Does anyone know where I can find one?

I'm 66 and not so great with technology. I'm not using many of the pre-installed apps, but it's nice to know I can go online with my phone, but I thought I'd try a smart phone, and for this price I am very pleased.

I can do everything with this phone. Still learning how to use it.  I like the triple minutes that came with it.  Gives me a little more time.

The phone came as promised, works well, good for an inexpensive phone.  Not good for using the internet because it eats up a lot of minutes quickly.

Wanted a phone that had a few more bells and whistles than my old flip phone.  This one has enough to look cool.  I've had Tracfone for about 15 years.  It's just right for me.

I got this phone because it is supposed to be wifi capable and the price was right.So far, after days of hassle (perhaps just because I received it over Labor Day weekend), I got my old number transferred from Verizon (you have to call them and go through all the menus and hold for a person to get your account number from them if you pay as you go).The tracfone person was very helpful on the phone when I got someone on a business day; the prior 4 calls were a waste of time on the weekend. Calling is fine - much better reception than my old flip phone.  Texting, which I hoped would be much easier, is more difficult than I thought as the touch screen is not that easy to use.  Scrolling through my contacts, it constantly picks them as the one to send the message to: my brother-in-law and a friend got a text meant for my dad, but I am hoping to get better at it.  The biggest disappointment is the wifi - it will not connect to my home network - tried it through every perambulation.  I will do so again soon.  There are some useful tidbits, but mostly I wanted something cheap I could potentially connect to wifi on in a pinch while traveling.  We'll see.

I have been using Tracfone services for over 5 years. The biggest negative to Tracfone is that the phones available are always very basic, and lack the current elements of more expensive phones. I don't want everything, but I do use the text feature and this has a nice glass screen that is pretty easy to use. I have also used the stopwatch and alarm functions...easy and simple. One feature I want to use, but haven't tried yet is the camera. Taking a picture is easy, but I don't yet know if I can get the picture from the phone into my Mac.

This is a really neat phone and it really takes a lot of checking into it!  I went online and downloaded the manual for it, which has helped me a lot.  Was very easy to sync up with my Wi-Fi, for which I had really looked forward to.  Apparently my fingers are a little too big for the QWERTY keyboard, as I have had to get a stylus to be able to text &#34;accurately&#34;.  For the price of this phone - think it is a fantastic buy!

Between my daughter and I we have tried most of the Tracfones ever made and this one is by far the best.  I use it to play music and videos and like that I can use the home's wi-fi instead of the crappy 3G cell connectivity.Update:  Tracfone now has android phones.  Get one.

I'ved had a TracFone for 4 1/2 years now (a run of the mill Motorola).  I just upgraded to an LG840g and I absolutely love it!

This seems to be a good phone. I love being able to see who is calling before I answer. I do have a bit of trouble holding on to this phone due to arthritis in my hands, but still like it.

IT IS ATTRACTIVE, SLEEK AND FITS THE PHONE PERFECTLY.  I FEEL CONFIDENT THAT IT WILL NOT SLIP OUT OF MY HANDS NOW.

If you want to get hip and lose your flip phone,this one's for you. Cheap to use,can accept some apps. Has upgradeable SD Memory. Only problem with mine is that sometimes from a cold power on,I will get an &#34;Invalid SIM Card&#34; message. Powering down and then back up always works. This is a bit inconvenient. You must also Lock the screen if you carry it in your pants pocket or you will accidently press the Voice Mail button and use up minutes!

This is our &#34;out of town&#34; phone and it works great. Good call clarity, ease of use and stylish design. No wonder it gets such good reviews. We really like this Tracfone, and the bonus feature of getting triple minutes is such an awesome value. Love it.

The phone divides the talk, text, and data into three different times.  So every time you get a new phone card it adds it the minutes into separate areas. So if you text more the you talk you are always running out of text time and you end up with a lot of talk minutes you may never use.  Wifi works well but not recommended if you text a lot.  Unlike the other phones that pooled all the minutes into one which you could use for anything

I lost an old Nokia (2600??) that worked with tracfone at home.  I ordered a replacement LG 840G.  After multiple problems, I activated it.  BUT.... I cannot use it at my home in central FL.  Contacting customer support vis phone or email is useless and frustrating.  Anyboby speak english that can help me????

This phone is everything I hoped it would be after reading the reviews. Easy to use and load with minutes. What a money saver!

I'm very excited to get this phone, it's supposed to come on monday (21st) and It's already next to the state that i am in! :)I am super EXCITED!!!!

I bought this unit to replace my car phone. It more than satisfies my need. I had got the LG800 at first but it failed. Information available indicated that the LG840 had more features and it too had the triple minutes feature. Glad I got the LG840.

I love this phone.  I had used my flip top model for years and would have used it for more, it the top didn't break.  I bought this phone for the price and because the reviews here were good.  I love it.  The touch screen is so much easier to send text messages with.  I haven't used the camera or video yet.  Great phone for the money.

Needed a new phone and this one worked great, I like that it has wifi connection that I can use to connect to my internet at home or places with free wifi, and not have to use my minutes.

When replacing my old tracfone with the LG 840G I got a better phone that will save money and do all that I wanted it to do. I am very pleased with the decision. It is not a smart phone but it has the ability to be used in many of the same common ways people use one, like taking pictures or just sharing photos with others. It has wi-fi or will dial-up an internet connection. It also has a choice of texting screens, MP3 player and the ability to add some useful apps. Besides being very functional it's battery stays charged long enough too. It doesn't have a built in GPS and it doesn't sense the vertical or horizontal position of the phone but you can choose a landscape view in some screens. Even though the camera isn't as good as the best smart phones its OK, and all things considered the LG 840G is more than I expected and well worth the money.

It's not a true &#34;smart phone&#34;.  The LG840G phone isn't great for web browsing - I think it's a bit slow and cumbersome.  But it is very, very good for calls and texting, and love the calendar app.  The battery life seems very good so far.  For $40 with triple minutes, it is a great alternative to the $90-100 per month price tag for a smart phone in my area.  Frankly, I love it.

I contacted Tracfone 5s times and was on the phone each time a minimum of 1 hour each time.  They could never get the camera function to work. I had been a Tracfone customer for 8 years and spoke very highly about them. Now I have gone to Virgin Mobile and tell everyone I can about Tracfone.  I have tried to speak to someone at Tracfone other than a out of country tech person. I want a customer service person.  I need to return my LG 840G to amazon and would like a refund for 200 minuets.

I bought the phone and it came quickly.  Started to activate it online, but got to a point where it said try back in an hour to see if activation went through. An hour later, still could not continue the process so I called.  Tracfone Customer Service is as bad as everyone says.  EXPECT NOTHING - don't even expect understandable English.  Expect to wait a lot.  Their favorite line "PLease wait a moment while I access the system."  or "Please wait while I investigate further."  The customer service reps told me some incorrect things -First off, I did not need to enroll in any program or have an airtime card at the time of activation.  They automatically give you 10 mins free plus 60 days of service.  Because I didn't know this, I enrolled in the monthly plan of 50 mins for $9.99 b/c I wanted to try things out before buying alot of service/minutes.  The phone is supposed to be triple mins. so it should have given me 150 mins but only 50 showed up.  I called Tracfone and was on the line for 43 mins getting the activation and transfer of my AT&T; number set up.Customer Support on the other side of the world walked me through it but the set-up guy told me that the monthly plan did not give you triple mins.  Shortly after I got off the phone w/them I decided to call back b/c maybe I would cancel the monthly plan if I wasn't getting triple mins.  This time the girl told me that I should be getting triple mins and after some code entering i was given those extra mins and she explained that since I got 60 days free with activation I would not be billed for the monthly plan for another 90 days. Whew!  The language barrier with Tracfone is pretty big.When I tried to transfer my AT&T; number to the tracfone the rep told me that the number that came with the phone would remain active until the AT&T; number transferred over.  WRONG.  What she failed to mention is that as soon as the transfer goes thru, your tracfone # won't work but you will have to wait a few days for the new SIM card to arrive in the mail.  So my phone worked for an hour or so and then it stopped working.  When I called Tracfone they were inept at explaining what happened.  They said my phone was defective.  I called again and someone in tech dept said they were sending me a replacement SIM card.  The card was sent via FedEx 2 day, but they were unable to provide me with a tracking number.  I would have been fine if someone could have explained all this to me but they were really not trained enough to tell me what would happen next.  As it turned out, I got the SIM card stuck it in the phone, and it worked fine and has been fine ever since.  I don't use it much.I will say a few other things for new PAY AS YOU GO users who are transitioning from a monthly service plan.  The first time I purchased minutes we were traveling and I went into a CVS and bought an airtime card.  I scraped off the paper to reveal the code and 3 numbers also came off.  By this time we were riding in a car somewhere else.  I had to call tracfone and after 45 mins on hold and being transferred around they said they were unable to figure out the missing codes and I should bring the card back to the store.  Not a possibility.  Also, on my receipt it said phone cards were non refundable.  So I played around on my laptop typing in all possibiliies of what the missing numbers could be and finally, in less time than I spent on hold, I was able to get the code right and my minutes appeared.Second time I bought minutes I tried Walmart online with electronic delivery.  The website said the code would be delivered within minutes to my email.  I waited 14 hours.  It was a weekday.  I emailed Walmart and they said that they were verifying the charge (AMEX $32) and that it would take 2-3 business days before they could release the code.  Walmart has no customer svc number on their site, only email or snail mail.  What a joke.  I always hated Walmart, now I hate them even more.  Eventually I cancelled the order b/c after 20 hours, during the week, I had no reassurance I would get the code.For the same price, you can purchase airtime right online from Tracfone's website and the code is immediate.  There is no need to support Walmart.I am still getting used to certain things, but I like the phone.  The music player is good enough.  I went to a workshop and was able to record the speaker from a few rows back and it was good enough.  The pictures/camera is very poor quality, but I have a nice digital camera.  I have not been able to access the web yet - my home wifi network takes a long time to load, and the browser is pathetic.  I have not had time to install the Opera or whatever else some other reviewer suggested.  The 8G memory card is plenty good for me too, I like the calculator, timer, stopwatch, alarm, clock and a few other gagets.  I am not an APP fanatic but got a NYC subway map that is helpful too.So I am happy with the phone, once I get all the quirks worked out.

This is a very user friendly phone. It works well, big screen and feels good to use. Would order another one

I've been a TracFone customer for well over ten years now, and for good reason. I especially like TracFone's 'use as you go' policy and ease of adding minutes and time, and you can't beat the TRIPLE minutes for life offer of this specific phone!  I upgraded to this phone because I wanted to retire my older LG 'flip phone' for current touch screen technology, and to have better video and photo capability. I only use my cell phone to contact my family every now and then (when I need to), and I carry one for emergencies. I don't use it frivolously, and i'm not a 'power user' or texter, so I didn't need an extended contract or iPHONE 5. This is a GREAT little phone, with an excellent sized screen. I always use 'speakerphone' to minimize dangerous up-close RF radiation emissions, and the audio quality both on send and recieve is excellent. Voicemail is easy to set up and use. Coverage is better than my wife's AT&T (iPHONE 5) here in the NE Ohio area too. The touch screen is fantastic, and the interface very easy and intuitive to use. The photo and video quality is good as well. If you are into texting, the touch screen keyboard is sized generously, and works quite well. The phone also imports MP3 music files and has built in Wi-Fi as well (no charge for Wi-Fi, of course)! All in all, a well engineered, intuitive little touch screen phone that offers great value and functionality!

We purchased this when our LG flip phone finally gave up the ghost.This is an impressive upgrade and a nice compromise over a smartphone. It has the low recurring costs of Tracfone (triple minutes!), is affordable, and looks like a smartphone. It makes texting much easier and the contacts are much easier to find.The only downside is the camera is terrible. It lists a decent spec, but even outside the pictures are dark and unfocused. The same is true for video.

Purchased this phone for my daughter and she absolutely LOVES it!!She really only uses it to text but I mean this phone is pretty awesome,very responsive touch screen, she has already added some music on it,and it plays really well, it takes ok pictures and she has tried the wi-fiand it works just fine.

Exactly what was wanted - and then some. Very versitile especially for a pre-paid phone service. It would have been nice if a protective case was part of deal not having to order separately.

It looks cool and works well. That much I can say about it. However, I bought mine in a store for $50 and it's lasted a year. It's beginning to break down. Also, I now realize touch screens are over rated, especially in cold weather. When you're wearing gloves! I mean, it's a tracfone. That says a lot about the quality. HA! But seriosly. $50 and year?! Really?!

Excellent seller with great communication takes a little time to learn all the features of this new tracafone as it it a touch tap screen

Been with Tracfone for several years and was using the start up flip phone that came with it. Pretty much a bare bones man but when I wanted to text it was to lengthy to accomplish. This new phone is a dream for someone like me due to the keyboard lay out.

These track phones are good for kids who don't really need anything too fancy, but will benefit from the cheap texting.  My only wish is that tracfone would find a way to allow you to block callers from these phones.  I am sure most of these go to kids for limited use and really should be able to protect them some from callers.

This is a good phone, but I liked my LG800g better because I have long nails and don't/can't use my fingertips.  The LF800g worked perfect for me and I am sorry I bought this phone.  The phone is fine, I just have to get used to it.

Phone came on time. I got this phone to take the place of my old phone which used to pocket dial 911 often. With this phone I have no such problem. I love this new phone and it is much easier to text with.

So far, I am thrilled with Tracfone and this phone is perfect for me. I have had Tracfone service for about 6 months now and not a single issue ! My first phone was the 9.00 one from Target. No complaints on that one. Bought a new car that can bluetooth so I decided to upgrade the phone. And when I saw this was triple minutes! That's a triple win! Also bought a year of services card and minutes. This phone Bluetooth connects to the 2012 Camry with no issues. It will also provide music storage and play back thru the car system ( and does not cost any minutes) I have this phone hooked to my home WIFI also &#60; No minutes used for the web) However, I have a Kindle Fire so I do not think I will be using this at home for the web much really. I also have WiFi at my favorite watering hole &#60; no minute cost for the web&#62; So this is a GREAT deal. Tracfone connectivity has never been a issue. It is MUCH better than my old contracted provided. to the point of no comparison really !!!

If you are getting this phone to work with your home wifi forget it....it only works with "certain modems" and the tech support does not know which ones they are.  I spent three days trying to connect with home wifi to find this out.  This took HOURS.... and you cannot understand a thing they say.... typical.

It's nothing like an Android but it is plenty for calls, texting, and java based apps.Can't beat tripple minutes either.

This is my first &#34;sort of&#34; smart phone and I love it!  Texting is SO much easier than with my old flip phone, and I love that I can check e-mail and facebook, not to mention do a google-search right from my phone.  Great value, too!  It was a much better price than through tracfone.

Gave this as a gift to my sister.  So far she says she likes it and is still learninghow to use it.

This is a nice looking phone, battery lasts well, looks like a higher tech smart phone at a lower price, basic functions all work good, access to the internet is not fast as could be expected.

Got it for my son who has a disability, I just want him to have the comfort of knowing that he can call me at anytime and it keeps my mind at ease knowing that I don't have a contract to worry about

If you're not me and you don't require a super fancy phone with tons of gadgets, widgets and apps and you're just looking for a phone that will get the job done, then look no further than this phone.  It's a very good phone and it gets great reception no matter where I'm at, inside or outside.  This little baby has 5 bars of strong signal everywhere I use it.  And while it's not one of the &#34;I just gotta have it&#34; phones, you won't be disappointed by it's functionality.  It has everything you need from a pretty decent camera with a zoom function, Wi-Fi, 3G, Games, and a Music Player.  This phone comes with a 2GB mini storage card but it has the capability to use up to a 32gb card.  The storage card is used for your music.  You download your tunes to the card, put the card into the phone and viola, you have music on your phone.  Not hard to do.  It's a good deal at a great price.

There is no way to block unwanted numbers and no reject list for messaging or calls. We WERE using it for our small business and we got a lot of spam texts and calls. We have the full manual and we've even called TracFone and there is no way to avoid annoying text messages or phone calls from people I don't want to hear from. The only other complaint I have is the games/apps/.jar files are a pain in the butt. Aside from that it's a very cool phone for the price.

For a student, this is an affordable phone, and yet it does everything I expected. I know a lot of people are complaining about that it's not that smart. Well, it is a quasi smart phone. I bought this phone for 19.99 dollars, and when I transferred my number and credit, my credit hours tripled. I usually have to pay about 10 dollars for a month credit hours anyway, so basically I am paying nothing. Comparing to the smart phones that need contract, this phone is really affordable!!!And, it looks fancy!!! It has an expensive look, and it has all the functions I need. I don't see the point of paying for expensive smart phones so I can surf on the internet when I have multiple computers both at home and work. As long as my phone can make calls, send texts, and maybe check emails and take pics, I am happy.For what it is. it is five stars! Great phone for the prize.

Trying to figure out the settings was trial and error, when trying to access the text keyboard it would go back to main screen when i turned the phone to landscape position. My biggest complaint is no volume control for the mp3 player. plays at one constant level.If tracphone customer service wasn't such a pain to deal with I would return this phone.Not worth the money.

I got this phone because the last LG Tracfone I had only lasted me 15 months before the bottom buttons stopped working. I wanted the best Tracfone I could get (closest thing to a Smartphone I guess). This phone meets my expections but doesn't exceed them. Overall for I paid ($39.99 @ amazon.com) and it does what I need it to do. I basically need it to make or get an ocassional phone call and to text friends and family. The wifi was a bonus I guess but not sure how much I'll use it. The browser it pretty lame and I might try the wifi to do a Facebook check in without using units but otherwise not really worth the hassle. I can send a tweet to Twitter via text. One disappointment is that the lock screen and the homescreen share the same picture...BOO! I liked my last phone where I could have my Bugs Bunny pic on my lock screen and a family picture on my home screen. I downloaded 1 ringtone from tracfone.com and 1 graphic. The first time I tried after activating my phone it said I needed to wait 24 hours. I tried again after about 18 hours and was able to download both at that time. Honestly if my husband would let me get a Smartphone I'd love one but for now it's Tracfone for us. And this phone works well for what I need it for. I can just annoy him with my text alert ringtone. I Just Gotta Get a Message To You by The Bee Gee's:-D

A great phone that is priced right.  I would buy another if I ever need one.  Hold up well too.

This is a very good phone if you only talk &text. It can link into your car via bluetooth fot hands free talking.  You have to keep the phone on and with you in the car. It takes photos that you can sennd as a text message.  Email & internet is very difficult.  If you want to do internet I suggest you get a different phone.

Right price.  Delivery as scheduled.  This isn't a smart or android phone.  Can use Opera mini as a browser without needing the Tracfone network and minutes if you use WiFi.  Can also get Google maps on it.  Great for a basic phone and to check E-mail.

The TracFone website indicates that this phone would work from my zip code location and the at&t network. I had no service from my home. TracFone replaced it with an LG 505c on the Verizon Network. The new phone works well and the sound quality for both speech and hearing is better with the LG 505c. Look at the customers survey rating for cell phone providers at Consumer Reports. at&t is definitely not a preferred choice as they rate near the bottom of the barrel.

I received 10 minutes for 60 days service for free when I activated the phone, then I bought 60 minutes for 90 days. Since this is with Triple Minutes, now I have 190 minutes for 5 months(150 days). I only using for an emergency so I'm very satisfied. The phone is almost the palm size, very slim and neat. It's easy and simple to use. I love it.

Works well, easy to use.

All is good for me except broswer.Sometimes, broswer working due to un-intended touch, it connected to 3G.In order not to connected to 3G, I remove shortcut in main screen. Actually remove it this one permanantly.Anyway, like it and will order this phone for my daughter...

I like it a lot , does wifi , email and good pictures . It does take a while to load pictures to e mail recipient . Way better than my old flip phone . I like the triple minutes , I need it for work and performs well . I bought one for my wife i liked it so much .

I liked the phone,but It would not turn on after only using about 3 months. The seller will not do anything with only a 30 day policy. There is not much of anything that you purchase that a problem will happen in 30 days. You would be better off at one of the larger discount stores that will stand behind there products with a refund or exchange. It is not good to be left out in the cold.  GO TO THE LARGER DISCOUNT STORES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Our family likes this phone a lot. The three of us upgraded from the LG800. I knew what to expect for the price but was still surprised by its quality and features. Hard to understand folks who buy this phone and complain that it doesn't have the features of a $100 phone with a 2-year contract at $50 or more per month. Anyway, it's great for $7 per month and the number of minutes isn't that bad depending on how you manage them. A lot has already been said so I just wanted to add my hotmail tip. If you get &#34;Login Failure&#34; go to your hotmail on the web, go into settings and find the one about POP. Make sure it's enabled. My email connected right away, as well as Gmail and Yahoo but I spent several hours trying to get my wife's to work and finally found that her POP was disabled.

easy to use, like the design, a good screen size, don't like that you have to buy a data card to use the web app and some web pages are to large for the phone to use.

I haven't used it much yet but it I know it does what I bought it for.What I regret is that the instructions manual is minimal and it's difficult tofigure out what all the functions are and how to operate them. There area few icons I have not figured out what their stand for.

This phone has been an incredible value for me.  After 3 months of use I haven't scratched the surface of available utilities.  camera,  video cam, alarm, notepad,  calendar.  This phone has proven to be really tough.  In a moment of carelessness it survived a drop of over 10 feet onto a concrete floor (can't say I recommend this but she survived it with no apparent problems).  The only thing I've had problems with is navigating the manual.  There's so much to learn there ought to be a adult education class for it  Biggest regret;  we don't manufacture enough things like this over here.  We could sure use the jobs.

I did have problems initially with the set up.  The SIM card was not recognized.  This problem has happened several times. I've had to take the card out and put it back in, as well as the battery.  The battery stays charged only one day with little or no use. My sister has a phone just like this and has not had these problems.

My 13 yr old teen loves this phone because she can record music on it and she uses it like an MP3 player as well as phone (mostly texting).  I bought my husband the same phone to replace his double minutes with triple minutes and he isn't so excited about it.  He says the no.'s are small to text with his fingers and he just can't navigate it as well as my daughter can :-).

Looks like it has the features that I wanted, I have not fully programmed it yet. I will get that done some day.

I DON'T REALLY LIKE THIS PHONE. IT DOES NOT HAVE ALL THE FEATURES ON IT THAT MY LG620G HAS ON IT.ALSO, I REALLY LIKED THE NET 10 PREPAID CARD THAT WENT WITH MY OLD PHONE.I DO NOT LIKE THE TRACFONE CARD AT ALL!THANKS!FAUN BAMMERT

It was working for one day and turned to black screen when I answered a call in. None of the button works. I have to return it back.

if I had read the internet reviews and complaints I wouldn't have bought it.  It's querky - things that work one time don't work the next.  They text entry is horrible- keyboard is only available some places and not where it would  be most helpful.  T9 doesn't work right.  Impossible to put the first letter of anything in as lower case.  Email doesn't work .  phone messages get lost, etc

Overall, a better up-grade to my last tracfone....(LG500G). Easier to dial by far...however, difficult to use internet...very ltd.additionally, the screen appears to be a little to sensitive...jumps around app to app.Also ltd. info in instr. booklet as to internet use.All other features of this phone incl. service are quite good.

Very happy with the phone. I have a kindle so I don't need a phone for the Internet. This is a great phone for texting

This phone is fine for me. So far it works good in my area & I hope it continues to get good reception when I travel.

For the money,this is the best Tracfone...hands down ,Amazon has the best prices,for this phone.I had a older tracfone for years,loving the pay as you go features,but I think my children and grandchildren were a little embarrassed,when I tri ed texting on its tiny keys,took me forever.This LG has WiFi which is awesome..texting is fun,and teaching this old dog some new tricks..and it comes with triple minutes for the life of the phone!it's not a Smart phone,but it fits my needs perfectly..Thanks Amazon

poor reception

Youtube review was very accurate!! Main reason I bought phone. Did everything it said it did, and didn't do anything I didn't want. However, Tracfone's service is and always has been an issue with me. Without a wi-fi connection, you loose your minutes at an alarming rate, to me anyway. Love the triple-minutes thing, but short lived once you see your minutes evaporate. Would reccomend, but beware!!

In this world where everyone seems to be growing cell phones from their ears and heads, this phone seems to fit the needs for just about everybody.  I was looking for a replacement for my older phone and was surprise to see the LG 840G offered by Tracfone.  I am of an age that texting does absolutely nothing for me, so I didn't need a phone to do that. I was interested in using WIFI to occasionally research information quickly if need be.  So far this phone has outdone itself in that regards.  The touch screen works extremely well, even with a screen protector applied.  The only real minus for this phone is its inability to go from portrait to landscape mode automatically while being used. It is for that reason that I can not give five out five stars for this review.

Great Phone, Great Price and shipped very quickly. Would purchase another if needed. Nice features and easy to operate. Only problem is with Tracfone getting the number transferred.

this is a great phone, this replaces my samsung s390g which would dial 911 on its own!this is just like a smart phone without the cost & the contract. i love tracfone.you can't beat this phone!

This is a really nice, inexpensive non smart phone.  It has wifi & bluetooth.  If you just need a basic phone for talking & texting I don't think you need to look any further.  I've used one for about eight months now & have had no issues.

Just want to let you know that I just love this phone . It is easy to use . The camera takes awesome pics . I have been wanting a touch phone for a long time now but , those others were just to expensive and you had to be in a contract . I also love the triple minutes you get with the phone . I have had the phone for about 2 weeks now and I have not had any  problems with it at all . Again I Love It

I shopped and shopped for a new phone, to replace my old trusty &#34;flip&#34;  tracfone that I'd had for 5 years.  I found this one, and I don't regret it.  Tracfone has always been a great value, and now, I can send texts, pictures, & emails. I wanted something a step-up, but I don't need a smart phone. This phone gives me what I want.  Very big screen,  very easy to set-up and use.

phone is fine for what I want it for.......I only want it for emergencies....like the easy menu and set up options

Have good and clear voice reseption and things that my other one did not have.Great battery time without recharging.

Don't know if this phone is considered a smart phone, but it is to me. I just think it's great compared to the phone I had. Love the simplicity of the operational features, and WOW what a great price.

Looks like a much more expensive phone and the grandkids didn't realize it until they tried to bring up the internet.

I found this phone to be everything that it promised to be, very happy, thanks for honesty in advertising. will reccomend to others

Have been using the LG 800G for a year. Have a lot of trouble with the sensitivity of the screen:  low! This one is much better and, therefore, much easier to use.

This phone purchase was the second one that I bought.  The first was for me and when my wife's phone died she wanted this one like mine.  Only problem with 2 phones just alike it is hard to tell them apart but have figured it out.This will suffice until we are able to purchase a smart phone.Thanks, Steve LaCaze

I really like this phone. It is  my first touch screen phone. It has a big screen, Performance is fast, takes good pics and video. I would recommend this phone to anyone that does not want a monthly plan. I like the fact that it triples minutes that are added.  Only thing i do not like is the touchsceen keyboard for texting is kind of small but i purchased a stylus pen and now I am 100% happy.

delivered early, works as I need it, but do not have much success with off-shore tech support. the automatic are code selection put my phone in another city. took awhile to get my number ported correctly. otherwise phone works great.

OMG I love this cell phone more than I thought I would!  Easy to use, loaded with features, the reception is great, and the volume is the best of any cell phone I have ever had!  I now use this as my main MP3 player as well.....I put in a 32 GB Micro SD card and have plenty of room for all I need on this phone.  The re-charge time so far is very good....seems I only need to re-charge it like once every 7 days or so depending on how much playtime I give it.  And this phone was delivered super fast to me which I truly appreciated!!  I have loaded this phone with .jar apps and have had no problems getting them to work. Fantstic phone I highly recommend and a great company from which I purchased it from.

This phones icons are always accompanied by its red &#34;EMERGENCY&#34; button. Touch, swipe, a strong breeze over this red icon will call 911. I want to disable or delete this 911 option. If my pizza is burned, if my ice cream is melting, if my shoe lace is untied, i'll take the chance I can deal with it without 911. Because of this 911 feature, i'm dumping this phone. Its bothering the 911* operators unnecessarily , maybe someones really dying, and me personally.

This phone is very hard to program and the down loaded user manual sucks, the phone after many hours of programing seem to work good for text, WIFI. the reception is not that great. I want to upgrade to a Android operating system, this will have to do for now.

I cold not get tracfone to understand my problem with the lg800g I orderd, so I ordered this one.  It has more features and is easier to use than the 800G was.  I have had no problems with this one.  I should have bought it first.

Almost every other time that I turn this phone on, I get a Sim Card error, and have to turn the phone back off, and turn it on again. I don't like the fact, that the alarm doesn't work, if the phone isn't turned on. I have a less expensive LG phone, and the alarm works on it even it it's turned off. I don't get why, more expensive phones, have less features than those phones that less expensive.

Has a long life battery, I like that and it is easy to use to fine the net things. Icons are what makes the phone works well.

I called 5 days in a row, hubby is critical in hospital. Called 10 times no working phone! I could not get the triple minutes because I did not buy it from HSN or Tracfone..I bought it here! So..finally after another 100.00 I can use this at the hospital.  Now I need to figure out how to use these buttons. I cant use fingertips. I have to close finger and use where knuckle is to press. So Frustrating!

This fit the bill.  My husband wanted a newer phone version. He was tired of his slide phone and it was in bad shape from rough use. He loves his new phone.

The quality of the recording on most sounds is great but if you intend to record phone conversations, this is not the recorder to use. I have an extremely funny sister I wanted to record when she calls me and all I got was a buzz. You couldn't hear her voice at all. I was bummed about that but I sat it in the window to record the songs of the morning birds and it recorded the sounds extremely well so I guess if you don't plan to record phone conversations it's great.

This is an upgrade  from another Tracfone. (slider). It's  super easy to text, and make calls because of the  touch screen. The camera is fair but easy to email photos. I haven't had any luck using the Wifi and I haven't loaded any music yet. I'm a senior and happy that I purchased this phone.  I transferred my remaining minutes and phone number through the Tracfone website without any problems. I  can clearly hear when talking to my other party and only have to charge the phone about every four days.

won't let me use the wi-fi or send pictures.don't know how to put music on it,but love how easy it is to see.

Bought this phone for my wife to replace her other Tracfone. More than enough features for us old folks. Using the camera and uploads are a snap. Would highly recommend for anyone wanting a decent phone with low cost. Delivery was excellent too.

I am not a heavy cell phone user,  mainly just occasional talk/text.  The LG 840G probably has more features than I will use, but the price and average monthly cost is reasonable.  I do use the alarm.  Set up is easy, as well as transferring account from previous earlier model LG 840.  Have recommend tracfone to friend, and he is also happy with phone/service.

I have had this phone for a few months now. Eight out of ten times when I turn it on, I get the message that the SIM card is not recognized; I have to turn it off and on again. I bought it because reviewers said it would allow the use of free wi-fi. Well, in my experience, it works sometimes. When I really need it, it won't work at all. The tracfone browser cannot handle a lot of websites and it closes with the message the site is too large. I downloaded Opera Mini and it stopped working for no known reason, I did not change anything/settings. Every URL I try to access on Opera Mini, I will get the Untrusted Midlet message and then it goes nowhere. It is so annoying that I want to smash the phone against the wall.Unfortunately, I need a better phone; I would not recommend this one. It makes good calls but I rarely call so it ends up being a fancy organizer with alarm and a 2 mega pixel camera. The truth is that I don't like this phone and I would not recommend it. I don't have the time to spend waiting for Tracfone customer support; I doubt they would be able to help me with the issues I am having. The seller of the phone delivered it really fast so that was the bright side.

The Phone functions as advertised. After using a flip phone for four years, this is as close to a smart phone as I will ever use.

I have recommended this to several of my clients/ friends. I am still learning what I can and can not do with it!

Great smart phone for being a tracfone,more then i expected, so many features and easy access to my wifi which doesn't use up my minutes, also triple mins for life is a big plus

This phone is great, easy to use, and at a great price. I love it. Also my wife and son also have one, that why I got one too.

Bought this on sale, I wish I would have bought three at that price. I like it better than the 800G. I hate smart phones, so these are perfect.

I have had three of these phones, they are not android but have 3 pages of apps, very easy for the basics, talking and texts, a text only costs you .a third of a penny, and very clear and easy to use. you buy 100 minutes from tracfone and get 300.

For those of us not surgically connected to our cellphone, this is a godsend! Where else can you get a Data/WiFi equipped phone with a Qwerty (touch) screen with 1200 minutes/12 months for a combined cost of around $100.00?  I purchased the phone on Amazon.com for $30 and 400 minutes/12 months for $69 on eBay.  In fact, the minutes came with a 200 minute/3 month bonus. As this is a TRIPLE-MINUTES-for-LIFE phone, I received 1800 minutes!  And any unused minutes are rolled over when you renew the plan. I had the phone activated, with a new number and connected to our WiFi in under 30 minutes. This phone does not compare to the latest feature laden Droid or iPhone and similar. The screen and single camera are moderate resolution and there are few aps available.

I chose this rating because this phone is everything i wanted in an upgrade. I know it is not a smart phone and if I would have wanted one of them I would have went with a contract phone. I have been a tracfone user for 10 years and am completely satisified with this company and service for my needs. I needed a little help first starting it up but after that it was a breeze to use. If you are going to do a lot of things on the internet, I do not suggest this phone as the minutes will shrink fast but if you want a touch screen phone to text and talk I highly recommend this phone.

I've had a flip Tracfone for years and am still getting use to this one.  I haven't used any of the added features.

I am very satisfied with the phone, the price I paid for it and the entire buying process. Read those customer reviews posted on Amazon before buying...they are very helpful.

i purchased this for my grandaughter. she says she likes it. i liked the price and the looks of it.

This phone was an upgrade to the LG505C I bought last year.  This is great looking - I look more 21st century now and it does the basics - talk, text, music, camera, video, and microphone, etc.  The internet features are a bit lame and cumbersome but they are adequate - in a pinch.  Internet is not my primary concern with this phone.  If that's what you want, pay the big bucks and go with an overpriced smart phone and plan.  I like that this little phone costs me $10/month for airtime, looks good and does 95% of what I need.  I have over 3K minutes with the triple minutes I haven't used over the years.  What's not to like??  Great little phone, transferring from another Tracfone was a breeze and the customer service is good.  One small complaint:  I'd give it 5 stars if the keyboard feature was available for EVERY function.  In some instances you have to deal with the irritation of using the abc, def, ghi then scrolling through until you hit the right key, but thankfully that is only for a couple odd notepad tasks, plus the keyboard is super sensitive, but that just may be me.  I'm not used to touch screen yet.I am having some issues with some of the buttons.  I cannot figure out how to get some of the quick select buttons on the bottom of the screen to work like music icon without going to the multimedia folder, same for the graphics icon.  For some reason, I do not have coverage in part of my house.  No signal.  May be because it's a two story house, but that stinks because my old LG505C worked great anywhere.Update:  There is an in depth user's manual on the Tracfone website under tutorials.  At the bottom left of the page is a link to the in depth user manual.  I have found that the signal is not nearly as good as some of the older Tracfones I've had - it breaks up more easily.  Over all I'm not sure I'd order this phone again.  I might spend the extra money and get a better phone.Additional update:  Tracfone deducts up to 5 minutes if you send a picture via email to yourself!  What a ripoff.

I bought this to replace an old (flip phone ) tracfone that I had for 8 years. Phone arrived promptly, I tried to get it activated and wanted to keep my old phone number. They had deactivated my old phone by then, and supposedly my number was transferred to the new phone, but the new Sim card didn't work. Tracfone had to send me another one, but unfortunately also lost my old phone #, they gave it to someone else while I was waiting 2 days for the new sim card. Not happy about that. My main complaint about this phone is the speaker system. Everytime I get or make a call, I have to press the speaker button to get any sound. Otherwise you can barely hear it. It has enough functions for me , as I only use a cell phone occasionally. I like that you can download ring tones, wallpaper, access the internet, get email, etc..Not happy with tracfone customer service, but that's not an Amazon problem. It's strictly tracfone. 4 reps tell you 4 different things, none of them the same. I have had the problem 2 times of 'sim card rejected', and only being on the call 911 emergency screen. Tracfone reps tell me I didn't put the sim card back in right..guess what..I never took it out!!  This happened 2 times so far, and I've only had the phone for about 2 months. I had to call tracfone , wait while reps look up my account..and go thru the 'turn phone off, turn phone on'..nope still doesn't work..take sim card out, put sim card in..nope still doesn't work..try again, turn phone off, turn phone on..finally on the 5'th try the sim card was accepted and I was back in business..but it's annoying since it keeps happening. The phone is a good size, not too small, not too big, fairly sturdy, and if in a protective case, should last me awhile. I paid $24.99 for this phone on Amazon..so at the $19.99 they have it for now, it's a good deal.  Triple minutes are a bonus!  And..btw..if a rep tries to tell you that only your 'purchased' minutes are transferrable..tell them that any bonus minutes you have accumulated are also transferrable. I had them try that on me and I almost lost 800 min till I got a smart rep!

I only use the device for the phone features. I haven't tried most of the other features, nor I have I tried to use Tracfone as a service provider. So far, I haven't had any major problems yet. I brought one for my grandson, but he doesn't like it. I guess I'll have to get him someone else. One thing I don't like about the phone is since I'm right-handed, if I hold the phone in my right hand to talk, I keep shutting off the phone by accidently pressing the button on the left side. I have to hold the phone in my left hand when I make or receive a call. I never had a touch-screen phone before, so when I handle the phone, I'm always clicking things on the phone on and off. It can be a pain in the butt especially during a call. The phone works fine though. Adding minutes could be a task. I go to the local phone store, and they add minutes for me. I haven't tried to buy one of their minute cards. I don't use the phone that much. If you don't talk on the phone that much than this phone might work for you.

Not bad for $ 27 my nine year old is happy it not only has a camera is has video also less than a toy phone was very easy to switch phones on Tracfone website also

If you're expecting an iPhone 5 Smartphone at a bargain basement price, forget it, but if you want a no contract no hassle "Streetwise" phone that won't cost a few mortgage payments to maintain each year, this is the phone for you. Light-years ahead of any previous Tracfone offering (my opinion) this is the best phone I've had since my contract driven Motorola RAZR. In fact this phone does one better with it's WiFi capability with which it instantly found available networks and connected to my home network in a flash after I entered the WEP code. I also used it with public networks with no problem. So if you have a WiFi connection problem as some may have indicated, the problem is with you or your network. The touch screen requires a light touch and is very responsive, it took a little getting used to compared to the heavy handed operation of my previous LG800g. The look and feel of this phone make it worth every penny and it won't embarrass you in public. In fact the only indication of it being a prepaid phone is a tiny obscure Tracfone symbol on the lower back case that at quick glance could be mistaken for the Apple Logo. Update: FYI, be sure you are connected to a WiFi network if you intend to connect to the internet without using up Airtime. If the phone sees no WiFi connection when you open the browser it will connect via the cellular network and your minutes will begin to be used immediately. Simply turning on WiFi from the quick drop down menu may not automatically connect to a network. Use the WiFi icon from the main screen and the WiFi screen will open instantly to show available networks and will automatically connect to your home or any network previously set up to do so. Once you've established that you are connected via WiFi you can be certain the phone will connect you via the WiFi connection and not cellular. Also I downloaded and installed  the Opera Mini 7.1 browser and found it to not be worth the time. Opera is sluggish and does not offer widescreen viewing and about a third of the screen you do have is taken up with a nav bar that you cannot hide. It offers a QWERTY keyboard that is squished compared to the widescreen version already on the phone. I found the phone QWERTY keyboard is available for most all input including adding recipients to your email.  So with that I uninstalled Opera; stick with the Tracfone browser until something better comes along. I did manage to set up the email client on the phone to use my Gmail account. The sound, reception and overall performance of the phone is exceptional especially when considering the price.

I have owned this phone for about a year. It does the job and is easy to use. I love that it has a touch screen! It isn't a smart phone, but it will connect to the internet if you have to check up on something quickly. Since I mostly use my phone to make and receive phone calls and the occasional text message, I have never had a issue.

Good price for phone. Tracfone is easy to use and purchase minutes. No plans required. This phone was for my friend. She wanted to stop paying a hundred and something dollars every month for a phone. This is not as fancy as her other phone but it does the job. She has a home phone so this is a good phone to travel with.

I could not use the phone, it had an At&T card and At&t will not work in my area. I was going to return it to you, but I made a deal with Tracfone and returned to them for a phone that works with Verizon. There is also a possibility that the LG 840g has a very poor front end as far as receiving signal goes.

My kids love this phone!!!!!! For the price it's a very good phone never loses a charge and the touch screen is right up there with my iPhone. If you need a phone you should get this one

Was delighted at the fast turnaround in receiving the LG 840G Prepaid Phone with Triple Minutes (Tracfone) from Amazon.  In time to take with me on two week holiday in California.  Registered the phone and charged it as directed.  Seemed to work fine but found it was losing its charge within a couple of days.  Set it aside until I returned to Virginia...After several charges...found that it continued to last no longer than a few days..with almost no calls.  Primarily used the phone to set up contacts, learn how to use the various options, etc.  I've been dealing with Amazon for years now...and always very happy with the products and service.  This has me a bit concerned...especially regards sending gifts to friends and family.  I feel that a replacement would be more than fair to me and to the company selling the product.  Without a doubt, had I not been traveling..I would have realized and contacted Amazon earlier with the concern.thank you for your time and attention to this matter...

Easy to text and read.  Dialing a breeze.  I really love the triple minutes, they really save money and this phone gets great service.  Ring is loud and I would highly recommend this phone.

Not a problem.  Am learning how to use it.  Not exactly too knowledgeable regarding these new high techy-techy items but am learning.  Love the minutes.

I've had my phone for 3 months now, and it never ceases to amaze me.Not only does it get the job done, it has a variety of apps and options that are extremely handy, such as a notepad, calendar, camera, video camera, task list, and internet, with easy access to Facebook and Twitter.In addition, I'm extremely clumsy, and have already put my phone at risk many times, and it still works perfectly.I've dropped it at least 4-5 times, it still works.I left it on the back of my car, and when my mom didn't see it there and drove away, I found it in the street, battery out. Right after I put the battery back in and turned it on, it still worked and continues to today. It does have a few bumps, but no cracks or other wear on it.I dropped it in the toilet as well, and once I pulled it out, it still worked fine, but of course I let it dry out after, and it STILL works like a new phone and has barely any wear!This is the best phone I've ever had, its practically a cheap iPhone without the apps and way tougher.In short, this phone is an amazing deal and is perfect for anyone who wants a cheap phone that is amazing quality.

Does most of I-Phone functions for less then one months cell phone cost, have to go to the web for a manual that shows how (LG). Many times better then the older models, touch is very light and fast for entering data.

I bought this phone in December (four months ago). I love the features but it has started having problems holding a charge.I charged it fully four days ago - the battery was flashing and it was beeping.This morning the battery is flashing again and it is beeping. And I used it maybe three or four times over the weekend.I think its time I upgrade to a smart phone...

I purchased this because of the triple minutes and Wi-Fi.  No problems yet.  I have a hearing problem and the volume settings are not as good as my previous LG product.  Still a good phone for the money.

Very nice phone and not that expensive. Arrived in about 5 days by FedEx.Easy to use, but very sensitive to the touch. It might be just me being used to a regular type flip phone.I would recommend purchasing a screen protector to save the phones surface from scratches and smudges.Cons - The users guide that comes with the phone is not very helpful - would recommend you go to LG's web site and find out how to download the regular user manual for this phone.

Have had no problems with it at all.  Very good quality at a great price.  Would highly recommend this phone.

its a great phone no problem at all well no yet the only problem is my minites go fast not good

I haven't used this much since I just recently got it. I have noticed that receiving calls is a bit of a problem. I can't hear the person very well. I have raised the volume. I had the LG 800 which I hated. The 840G is much easier (and fun!) to use.

I am somewhat disappointed with this LG 840G tracfone.  No instructions came with the phone, so I had to look it up on the internet to get an idea how to put my contacts in.  The phone only comes with just a few ringtones, which are not my idea of having my phone sound like a phone.  I have to have it in the same room with me to be able to hear the ring.  Also, when I turn my phone on to unlock it to use, I have a very hard time of getting the screen to scroll up to open to use.  I also wish I could get it to stay on longer than 30 seconds.  On the upside, I like the sound of the voices on the phone when talking as it's easy to understand and nice and clear, but I miss my old phone, but it became outdated and quit working.  I would not purchase this phone again.

I really like this little phone, economical, does quite a bit for the cost, great volume, important as I am hard of hearing, sending text is easy because of the virtual qwerty keyboard.

I've had two Tracfones, both were flip phones, and I wanted one with a few more features that at least looked like a smartphone.  This phone has a lot of nice features.  While I won't be using email much, as the minutes really get eaten up, it's nice to know I can access my email, which was easy to set up.  I quickly tried to access the web, but couldn't get it to connect to my home wifi.  I will try it somewhere that offers free wifi and see what happens.  It takes great pictures that I think I can download to my computer via the usb data cable.  However, I think I threw away, by accident, the micro SD, so the pictures don't show up on the computer from the &#34;Pictures&#34; folder.  I think they might have to be on the micro SD.  Not sure about this.  I hope so because to send an email picture eats up about 5 min.  I will see if I can purchase another one.  Only negative I have found is that the screen is very sensitive so when I try to scroll through my contacts, it opens ones I am not looking for.  Maybe there is some secret to scrolling the right way.  I have also found that my reception is much better on this phone and the voices are clearer. All things considered, I would definitely recommend this phone as long as you keep in mind that it is not a smartphone and will not do all the fancy things they will do.

Have had my LG 840G for a couple weeks now and I kinda hate it. Wish I had my flip phone back.The main reason I whiched from my flip phone to this was so I could  occasionally access the web. Like when I'm traveling and looking for a motel for later that day. FORGET IT! Unless I have a full batch of bars it aint gunna happen.It's suppose to be 3G. If you've ever used a 3G I Phone and think this is what you're getting, Think again. The WiFi seems to work better than that if you are close to the router.I called TracPhone. Waited 15 minutes on hold and then another 45 minutes telling a women that didn't speak very good English about the fact that I couldn't really use the mobile web. She kept saying, &#34;can you open your browser&#34; and I kept saying, &#34;technically yes, but I can't get on a web site.&#34; Then she would say, &#34;then there's nothing wrong with it&#34;. I finally had to hang up because I had somewhere else I had to be.I also find he touch screen hard to deal with. Like I want to call someone from my list of contacts but when I try to scroll the list it starts calling whoevers name my figure touches.Or I want to scroll down on one of the menus but it just won't happen. Either it goes to whatever I touch or nothing.The women tried to have me look into some other stuff on the phone but I had a heck of a time.She kept telling me to scroll down to whatever and I kept telling her I can't. It won't happen.I was finally able to get it to scroll without going to something else but it's the same thing every time. Fight with it to get it to do what I want.I got caught at a train the other day so I pulled out the phone to call my girl friend to tell her I was on my way but the train came and went and I still had not been able to make the call. I couldn't get her number on my screen. It kept wanting to call whoevers name I happened to touch while trying to scroll down.And hey,how bout some instructions?!!! They do give you a very basic instuction book. Very basic.Also, I have it set up so they deduct money from my credit card every month to keep the phone going but I had to call them yesterday because I could see that wasn't happening for the new phone. It was the same thing when I whiched from my 1st TracFone to my 2nd. Wouldn't you think that's something they would be all over? Like isn't that how they make money?Until I got this phone I was very satisfied with TracFone. They always delivered what they said but not so much tis time.And how bout people that speak English on the help line. Maybe someone that can do more than tell me there's nothing wrong with the phone.On the good side, it is easier to text with than my flip phone but I don't do a whole lot of that. Also getting triple minutes and it has a camera and some other features that may come it handy like a calendar or a stop watch etc.Maybe was time goes on I will learn to like it more.

It is very hard for me to find a good prepaid cell phone that I can hear from, but this LG 840G cell phone is perfect. To my amazement I can even use the speaker phone, which is what I use most of the time.Just for the record I have a severe hearing loss so clarity is the most important thing for me in a cell phone. This phone provides that and even has ring tone settings that I can hear, such as the phone ringing, which has been a problem with my other phones. In the past I could never hear the phone ringing unless it was right in my hand.The feature I use the most is text messaging, which is a great communication tool for me. It is fast, easy to use, and allows for quick editing before sending the text message. When texting the cell phone only uses .30 minutes per page. If you text two pages then it will be .60 minutes for two pages.The browser is slow, but I do not plan on using that feature because it will suck up your minutes, unless you use a Wi-Fi connection, then it does not use any minutes. It has many of the same features as a smart phone and uses 4G with AT&T.; The screen does look a little primitive, but that does not affect the functionality of the phone itself. I would recommend this cell phone to anyone who is hard of hearing.

I haven't really used the ph yet...I'm still using the old tracfone cause I have so many minutes on it and Tracfone can't transfer them to my new ph...(they can up to 560, but I have over 2,000)..so, just checking it out after it was charged looked to be fine...

Came in time for my grandson's birthday he loves it gets great signal in my area and in his area.  it is easy to use, battery life and triple minutes are great

A Good Product, Just don't drop it. I had to replace two of them due to a drop no more then 3 feet.

I really like this phone!  Have had it for a couple months now, and am very pleased with it.  Easy to text, easy to call and receive calls, and easy to use.  I don't use it for Internet surfing, as I really only need a phone for calls and texting, and this phone has met my expectations.  I did try a little bit of web browsing, just to see how it went, and it did ok, but not as fast as I had hoped, but it did get me there.  And it could have been that I was just unused to the phone itself, as that was early on after getting it and learning how to work it.  All in all, it has good reception for me, and I'm happy with it.

Not quite a smartphone but pretty close.  Great price for what it does.  Stable and affordable. I like it very much.

purchased one for myself and had no issues with transfer of service from old tracfone. purchased one for my girlfriend and did everything the same way. The results were horrible! I have been a tracfone customer for years and have transferred my number. minutes and service 3 times with no problems so I am not clueless!  DDDDDDDDid the transfer online like always and had service days and minutes transferred but not the phone number!!!!!!!  So,  had old phone with old number, had new phone with new number. Called customer service, entered the dead twilight zone of customer service. Have not been able to fix the issue, and have nearly given up. Tracphone customer service is by far the worst possible scenario that can happen to you. Pray to whatever god you believe in that your online automated experience functions normally. That being said, I feel that it a great service for a good price, with the large exception being the quality of customer service. Good phone for the money.

this is a very nice phone i love it was i could put te amazon app store on this device

I switched from another cell provider to Tracfone because it was a better fit for my usage since I retired. The only &#34;down-side&#34; is a personal one, since I still prefer a simple, compact flip-style phone. Other than my preferences, the 840G works fine.

A few years ago I analyzed my cell phone usage and determined I was paying way too much for the &#34;contract&#34; phone I had with AT&T, so I switched to Tracfone since they were reportedly the best of the pay as you go cell phone providers.  It has been a happy experience.  This phone is a real bargain, costing considerably less than if bought directly from Tracfone and with triple minutes to boot.  Moreover, I was able to transfer my accumulated minutes and phone number over (although the Tracfone web site makes this more difficult than it should be).  The phone looks like a smart phone, but is not.  In any event its processor is much too weak to handle WiFi applications.  I tried that out initially and immediately concluded it would be an experience of wait, wait, wait while my minutes disappeared.  Hence, I'm only using it for calls and texting, which it does very well.  You can also back up/restore your contact list from your computer, a capability not available with the cheaper phones.  It also seems to be less prone to dead spots than my earlier Tracfone.  I'm docking the phone a star for the clutter of rather useless stuff installed on it and the relatively messy exercise of porting your minutes and phone number to it.  Other than that I'm very happy with it.

Tracfones have suited me because I use my cell phone mostly for emergencies or when I travel.  I got this to replace an LG800 I've had for less than year. which had a terrible glitch that the keypad would lock while using it.  After one more power outage, where I had to call the electric company over and over because the keypad locked during the power company's interminable menu, I finally decided to just get a new phone.  The 800 also had an on/off button that was difficult to push and hold - I often had to use my stylus to push it on.  I was looking at another tracfone but after too many reviews of 'pocket-dialing 911', I looked at the 840g, even though I wasn't pleased with my other LG.  I inquired of reviewers about the on/off button and got a lot of assurance that it works fine on the 840g, which it does.  I find the touch screen responsive.  I liked being able to send my photos via email.  I have not yet set up the wifi or tried the browser.  I really appreciate all the people who write 'tutorial' reviews on Amazon, as I have already noted suggestions for downloading Opera and other trouble-shooting around the browser & wifi.I was also very pleased with the improvements Tracfone has made in transferring time/minutes and phone number.  Last time I did it, it took a lot of time with a person on the phone.  This time I was able to transfer my time/minutes/phone number all with voice prompt and it transferred and was fully operational in less than 1/2 hour, although they tell you it may take longer.  And my next purchase of minutes will be with the triple minutes, which is great.  A good 'faux' smart phone.  Perhaps it's a 'clever' phone.

My first touch screen device and I'm still learning capabilities. It seems to me that the screen is so sensitive that I'm touching it inappropriately a lot.

This is a great little phone, but be advised , it is not a smart phone, not an android or an I phone.  But it is a great little phone with triple minutes for life! With the touch screen it will almost make you think that it is a smart phone. There are not too many apps available , but if you want a good basic phone with no monthly contract this phone is a good choice. It is head and shoulders above the LG800g which I have also owned and got rid of.  The one problem I have had is the horrendous Tracfone customer service which is still driving me up a wall.  To this day and four calls to customer service I have still not had my number transferred over from my old Tracfone which in the past has been done quickly when dealing with a computer online.  Now I am waiting for a new Sim card so I hopefully can use my new one. Aside from that I can say this is a great little phone and after having had six Tracfones I can say this is the best of the lot. Have a great day!

Really nice phone. Very clear sound and remarkably small overall. Wi-Fi works well and saves minutes. Big improvement over my old flip phone without going to a full-fledged smart phone. Great battery life.

Bought one of these (not from Amazon, but same item) and it would not work where I purchased it reliably. Had to revert to my old phone and went without any service for an entire week because Tracfone kept having system errors when trying to deactivate this and re-activate my old phone. Maybe they shouldn't sell these where they don't have decent coverage.

I HAD A FLIP PHONE (TRACFONE) I WANTED TO UPDATE IT, REVIEWED SEVERAL PLACES ANDTHE PRICE WAS RIGHT AND I WAS ABLE TO TRANSFER MINUTES AND MY NUMBER AND I CANBUY TRIPLE MINUTES, GOOD VALUE.

this is my 3rd one of these, Boy is T-Mobile gonna be mad when my contract is up soon, They work GREAT, and simple and Great reception and I love the control of how much I spend!!!. Gonna save plenty. Oh Yeah!!!!

It's a great phone depending on the user. My 11 year old son loves it just because its touch screen. The minutes package that comes with the phone is a really great deal.

Phone works no problem, big screen, use it for functional short calls.  Very inexpensive for low usage, can fund plenty of minutes, won't use much of the phone's capabilities. If you don't want to overpay and pay as you go with no plan, it works well.

The new Tracfone LG 840G touchscreen is by far the best "poor man's" phone out there. I have no major complaints with this phone since I bought it for $30 just before Black Friday, 2012.Like all of my previous tracfones, the LG 840G has awesome coverage and reception. The Wi-Fi connection works very well and it enables users to connect to the internet, check email, etc without getting charged valuable minutes by connecting with 3G. However, I have connected with 3G on occasion and it seems to work very well. I've only connected for brief periods of time (all under 5 minutes) and it doesn't seem to deduct huge amounts of pre-paid time -- but I'd never trust myself to surf the web with 3G. However, since it has Wi-Fi, and Wi-Fi is available pretty much everywhere now days, there is no worry.The Touchscreen works pretty much flawlessly. It does take some getting used to, but it works very well. The camera and video are -- well, they're not great, but they are okay.The phone also has MP3 capabilities which I love, and comes with a micro SD card, which is expandable up to -- I believe 32GB.Now, you'll probably see a lot of people complaining that the phone isn't as good as an I-Phone, or a full blown android smartphone -- DUH! It's not. But for what this phone is, it is very good. For those of us who can't afford $50 a month for a full fledged Android service, (or those who just think $50 a month for a cell phone is a ridiculous amount of money) this is the phone to have. Can I shoot HD video, and upload 6MP pics to facebook in 10 seconds? NO! But that is not what this phone is meant to do.It is basically an "almost" smartphone and can get people a touchscreen, easy to use, multi-function phone without the huge costs and commitments associated with I-Phones or full blown Android phones.There are a couple of other better options out there in the pre-paid markets, that are actual Android phones -- but again, the monthly costs go up. If you're on a tight budget, but want something that has a lot of the bells and whistles of higher end phones, then this model of worth checking out. The bells and whistles on this one aren't clad in gold and silver, but they do work and are a lot of fun to use.

I found the touch screen so frustrating I returned the phone.  I wear medium women's gloves.  I use computers at home and at work.  My friends say it takes time to learn to use a delicate touch.  Maybe I could learn but most of the time I use my phone on the run and don't want to deal with &#34;delicate&#34;.

Great phone at a little price.  Have not had any issues. Battery life is great.  Unless you are intent in having an expensive I phone, look at this one.

I purchased this for my wife who isn't very well versed at smart phone operating systems. She primarily wanted a nice text machine. This touch screen is terrific. This phone is a great buy for someone who doesn't want the smart phone complexities. Can't beat the tripple minutes. $99.00 gave my wife 1400 minutes. This will easily cover her for a year. All in $130.00 = just over $10.00/month cell phone plan. The service is nice as well. Have not hit any bad areas yet like we did with other services.

recommend it very much love it nice do handle its all I need my son calls from Kentucky it is very nice.

bought two phones for wife & self. upgrade from flip-phones. nice phone. screen is very touchy, sometimes hard to scroll without selecting unintentional icon. not much room around icons or edges to clear icons.

I bought this Tracfone LG840G from Amazon 4 weeks ago. I always note down the balance of my minutes when I shut it down. When I next power it up, I always noticed that a minute or two would disappear from the balance. This may not seem a lot, but would total 700 minutes per year stolen from you.At first I thought that the phone automatically used the 3G to receive my emails or turned on the built in browser. To prevent that, I deleted my email account from the 840G and used only my home laptop for emails. I also left it on the Shortcut page when shutting down because the browser is not on the Shortcut page and should not be turned on. I also left the wifi in activated mode when shutting down so that it would automatically connect to my home wifi router when I power it up. In this way, I hoped that it would not automatically start the browser with 3G when I power up the 840G. Despite these precautions, the phone continue to steal my minutes. Mind you, I have not installed any apps at all, except filling some 60s oldies songs in the music player. Also, I have not given anyone this new phone number nor received any phone messages or spam calls.I am retired and make one or two phone calls per week with this Tracfone, all local calls. For other calls, I use my landline. I bought the Tracfone mainly for emergencies, in case of car break down, as almost all public phones have now been removed from streets and highways.I think that this Tracfone LG840G is programmed to take away minutes when the owner does not use it to make phone calls for days in a row. Or maybe the software on it has gone kaput; big mystery. But I feel cheated. This 840G model is a beauty, but a pickpocket. When the remainder of the 60 days expire, I will not refill it, though I still have over a thousand minutes that were transferred over upon activation. I'll just pass this over to a kid to use as mp3 player, or the camera for fun.Those of you in similar situations as me might want to test it out yourself.  Those who make many calls daily may not notice the minutes being pinched away.This review is similar to my review for the white version which is the color I bought in Sept.

Have been using Tracfone for years.  Works great for me.  Would recommend, it's cost effective if you don't use your cell phone often.  Mine lives in my purse, turned off unless I need it!

The lg 840 was a lot better than the 800, but after four months, the 840 would randomly turn itself off. However, this might not be a manufacturers defect, as my phone was dropped a lot

I love the TracFones.  I have used them for about 10 years.  They fit my needs because I don't use my cell phone as my main phone.  They are affordable and don't have problems with dropped calls.

This is my first smart phone even though I've been a TracPhone user for a few years.  I like the slim feel of the phone and find it fairly intuitive to use. My older fingers do find the keyboard a little difficult to use because of size but I'm getting more familiar with it so it is getting easier.  The touch screen makes many tasks easier.Because TracPhone doesn't require a contract, this phone is a lot less expensive than others.  To add to the savings, it came with triple minutes for life.I would recommend this phone for new users or for those wanting to save money on their phones.

easy to use and I can see much better on the larger screen than my old tracfone.  ordered another one for my son after he saw it.

Returned it, had difficulty connecting to different Wi-Fi's (especially my own), however would connect to my neighbor's unsecured Wi-Fi some of the time.  Also, had problems with sending email using Cableone.

This phone suits my requirements perfectly. It holds its charge for a long time. Very easy to use and understand.

1st tracfone that I can have reception at home with. 1 star short due to limited web browser. 3G rules.

Very stylish Tracfone with triple minutes.  It was a replacement for the LG 800G which I dropped on the floor and broke.  Two minor complaints:  I like my phone book to show last names first and apparently this cannot be done with this phone. My second complaint it the touch screen is not always that responsive or accurate.  I have not used the Wifi function yet.  It fits nicely in my hand.  I recommend it.There was a problem with transferring the minutes from my broken phone.  The customer service representative seemed unfamiliar with the process. After getting some help, he said it could take anywhere from 2 to 5 days.  I checked the tracfone website the following day.  I saw the LG 840G up at my account.  I followed the online instructions and was able to complete the transfer of minutes to this phone myself.

The phone itself is not bad but pray that you don't ever have to contact their customer service.  After using ATT for many years I lowered my expectations of what to expect from a phone company in terms of customer service, but Tracfone still managed to disappoint.Long hold times, agents that can barely speak English, wrong SIM cards sent, days and days of not being able to use my phone while they tried to sort out mishap after mishap.  Finally decided it just wasn't worth my aggravation and found another phone and provider.Wow, what a waste of money.  Again, the phone is pretty good for the money but the customer service is just too painful to deal with.  Please don't do it.

Very pleased with phone. It is what I wanted for an upgrade to my old phone. Even if it is a re manufactured item, there are no signs of it. Works well in all features. Fast delivery and good service. I will order from that supplier again.

amazon cheaper than the Tracfone site,many usable features but no GPS which i like--i'll look for it next time if ur looking for an affordable No Contract cellphone,this is the right one,but if ur a Big Talker u can still save some money by how much u buy Minutes,remember,this is a prepaid phone,i spent $29.00 plus tax for 2-half month's-it depends how u use it-more use or less use-this is a prepaid phone-it's up to you-do the math

Well, LG arrived quickly enough, however trying to get the phone activated...RIDICULOUS...on/off, on/off, take out sim, on/off, on/off...transfer call, transfer call...Result...a NEW SIM card needs to be sent for the BRAND NEW Phone...not a good experience!!!

It is a very nice phone. I am really enjoying it. The price of the phone was very reasonable. Thank you.

This phone completely died after one month.  Also Tracfone did not honor the triple minutes advertised.  Horrible customer service.  You'd get more of a response by talking to a parrot.  When calling customer service, I was talking to someone overseas who denied that this phone came with triple minutes.  There was no reasoning with him.  You might as well throw your hard earned money down a well if buying this phone.  I can't believe Tracfone gets away with this.

I have owned this cell phone for awhile now and enjoy it immensely.  Takes good photos and transmits calls and messages very adequately for my purposes.  Would strongly recommend this cell phone for others to purchase.

This is a really good deal for the price, I was very surprised I expected something really cheap looking but it is quite nice.

I bought this phone because it "offered" Wi-Fi capability and since I travel a number of times out of my state, I like to keep my credit card paid up.  Driving in northern Arizona, I received a message that I had missed a call but I could not access the message center since I was prompted to enter my password ?????  The next issue was while traveling in Montana, the phone was working in Billings but when I tried to call from Big Timber and Livingston the phone said "unregistered sim".  I wonder what would have happened had I had an emergency.Speaking of emergency - you know, one of those "Help, I've fallen and can't get up", how would you turn on the phone, slide to unlock, push the phone to dial 911? I think I will go back to my unsophisticated phone.

This tracfone is a terrific bargain. I shopped around for one and this was the best price. I have already recommended it to my friends

For LG 840G LG840G Hard Cover Case Dark Green Accessory its the crepes phone for the value and no binding contract

This phone is advertised as having automatic triple minutes but I have yet to experience that benefit. The call center is the WORST! If you can get a live person on the phone (good luck) they are rude and not at all helpful.

Like this alot.  I would like a smart phone however monthly cost is just too much.  This trac phone allows wifi, bluetooth and comes with triple minutes.  Its easy to use and setup

I spent 4 hours on the phone with customer service attempting to activate this phone. Was told over and over to power off/power on, remove battery, reset phone, etc etc etc. Still cannot activate. Screen shows "activation required" even after attempting to activate multiple times with customer service.Meanwhile I have been without a phone for 4 days because they told me the transfer process of taking my number to my old phone (trac phon)e to the new phone (trac phone) would take up to 72 hrs. I waited the 72 hours and NOTHING!!I have never had such horrible customer service in my life. Constantly transferring call back and forth to different departments repeating my issue over and over.UPgrading phones should not be this hard. The end result is that I have to return the phone and wait for yet another phone.This was supposed to be a phone for my kids to take with them in case of emergencies. Instead it has meant wasting multiple hours of my life for nothing.PLEASE STAY AWAY FROM THIS MODEL OF PHONE!! Multiple reviews with same issue.

Old tracphone was not getting good reception any more, while friend's smart phones were fine at same location.  Bought this compromise &#34;smartish&#34; phone - no expensive monthly data plan - and love its phone service, big easy to read screen, other capabilities.  Will consider this phone for mom who is tech-unable.Delivery was prompt, contents in perfect shape.

The phone is easy to operate and it has everything I need.  My husband gave up his iphone and we both went to the prepaid phone and have saved $100.00 a month.  I also talked my friend and her husband into buying the same phone with the prepaid triple minutes and they are completely satisfied.

Love the screen and the other features. The Triple minutes is nice for a Tracfone. Would buy this phone again.

I've had three TracFone phones before and this one took the most time to activate. After attempting to activate through the website, it was unclear if the phone was actually activated with the card I'd bought. After about two hours, the website indicated  that there was a problem. I had to enter several codes to verify that my phone was working. Then about an hour later the website updates and said that I would receive the phone number within four hours. I actually didn't receive the number until the next morning (about 8 hours later). I'd read several reviews and, if you have problems, the tech support is basically useless, especially when trying to transfer a number and minutes from another phone. I didn't even try to do transfer the number or minutes.The phone seems to work fine, but eats up alot of minutes whether a text/graphic goes through or not. Because I very rarely use the phone, it's fine for me, but if you use it often it WILL cost alot to use.

Pros:-Wifi and 3g internet access-Bluetooth-Whatever network it uses is decent, rarely do I not get a signal or get dropped calls-Alarm clock, unit converter, tip calculator, notepad, MP3 player, calculator and bluetooth are nice features. Although it seems most; if not all; are pretty much standard on most phones these days-2gb MicroSD can hold a decent amount of pics and music, you can upgrade the card for failr cheap to add additional storage and installation is easy and toolless.-Browser and facebook apps make checking simple email and facebook stuff easy. The small screen limits the kind of browsing you can do, but simple and quick stuff is reasonableCons:-The camera is awful. Pretty much useless. Next to impossible to take a pic without massive motion blur and rolling shutter artifacts-The Java OS is pretty limited, I have yet to find any good time-wasting games for it.-It's a challenge to take it out of your pocket while it's ringing without hitting "accept" or "reject", which can be frustrating/ The screen unlocks itself when there is an incoming call.

My first experience with a 'smart' phone. The finger touch is very very light and subject to incorrect entries. Even the slightest pass over the face will activate some other application than intended.No QWERTY key board for new contact entries, notes, alerts and calendar reminders makes for the use of the old touch up to three times on a numerical key pad (telephone keys) for letter selection. That's really a pain and subject to multiple errors.Battery life is much less than previous experience. Be sure to charge it frequently.

I have had several TracFones but was always feeling like there could be more. This phone delivers: I can see the screen easily, use the touch screen to navigate, access my WIFI, easily add contacts, know for sure when it is on and when it is off. I am very pleased with this phone. One of my concerns was: I knew I could convert the minutes from the old phone but what about the days left. I could not find out and finally just converted to the new phone. The minutes and the days left all moved over to the new phone. I love the keyboard as it is easy to see and hit the right key the first time. This is truly an advantage over the permanent keypad that I could barely see much less hit the right key. I am over 65 and appreciate the ease of use and visual advantages of this phone. Great design LG840G

......And I am Glad I did.Thank you everyone that left reviews on this item; they were quite helpful.  At first, I wasn't sure I liked the phone, but after playing with it for a while, I now love it.  A special thanks to squashpup for his long-winded account (lol), it was trully most helpful.  Although I didn't totally understand everythin you said,, I was able to download the Opera browser and it does make using the net much easier.  I never did the additional steps he/she said, because I didn't know how, but now I have the capability of using the Qwerty keyboard it makes the experience much better.This Tracfone is a real upgrade from the one's I've had in the past.  I love it.  I am having a hard time finding case for it, however.  I did find one site Fatorder.com, but they appear to be out of stock on all of them, and I haven't heard back from them regarding an estimated time when they will get more in.  If anyone knows where I can get a hard case for it, I would appreciate the feedback.I have been using the WiFi at home, and I've noticed using that when I am using the WiFi I haven't incurred any minutes charges which is great... If you are thinking about getting a new Tracfone this is the one, you will be happy.Have a great day!Update!!!  Thank you so much to the person who told me to go to eBay to find a silicone case for the phone.  It works great and I am completely happy with my phone.  Best Tracfone yet....

For a Track phone, this one has all that a person needs that doesn't live to talk, text or internet on a phone constantly. Mine came with tripple minutes for life and cost me about $12 per month. Great deal for me.

I like this LG840G but can't get the contact list to transfer to the car or truck so I can use the voice control dile by name of person. If any one knows how to do that with this phone please let me know

The buy as you go Tracfones are exactly what I need !  I have been a Tracfone customer for more than 10 years, now. This phone is the best one I have had.  First & foremost I can HEAR on it.  That was my biggest problem with all my other phones.  It has all the bells & whistles I will ever need. This phone is perfect for me.

I bought this phone to use on my Safelink account which uses Tracfone service. The phone is cool to the touch, and easy to use.

These phones are great!!! not an iphone or anything but works great for our needs. I would like to thank the seller.

I really like this tracfone, I get good reception most of the time. I would say 95% and sometimes it is the person on the other end having problems and not me.

I recently purchased this phone from a local big box store.  It took a call to TracFone to get it up and running, but then everything seemed to be fine.  I was pleased with the phone so I loaded it up with a full 1500 minutes and a year of service.  Now, less than 6 weeks into owning the phone, it suddenly says "unregistered sim", and won't let me make or receive calls.  I have spent more than three hours today and over ten hours in total trying to get TracFone's "tech support" to do something about this.  All they did was tell me to turn the phone off and on again, tell me that I had to be within my zip code to use the phone (??????), tell me that I had to be at a physical address within my area code before they could trouble shoot it, and so on.  I've been shunted from person to person, each of whom goes through exactly the same drill.  No one would ever address the issue of the sim card suddenly becoming unregistered.  I now have a worthless phone, and am out over $250.Note that some other reviewers have had similar problems.  If the phone doesn't work, you can indeed just throw it out because TracFone will never do anything about it.  Will NEVER buy a TracFone again.  I'd give this zero stars if I could.

an affordable way for us to keep in touch with our college student.  tracfone works in an area where the previous carrier did not  (SE Wyoming)

I am very pleased with this phone. The only negative is length of time when you turn the phone on but that is not really a problem since I like the rest of the features.

I upgraded my previous Tracfone Samsung T404g to this and am quite happy with the phone and Tracfone service. It's a great midway choice between basic cell phone and smartphone for those of us who don't use enough to merit paying for  a data plan. I have used the browser for moviefone or checking weather, but it's not the kind of phone you want to use for serious entertainment.I have used TracFone for over a year and  the service has been excellent. My old phone still works fine, I just wanted to get one with more features. I was able to transfer my number and minutes/days from the old phone to the new phone easily on the Tracfone website. I had the triple minutes feature on the previous phone and that feature saves me a bundle! Love that I can keep that in the upgraded phone. Some of the menu options are a little clumsy compared to my old phone, but for the value and quality of the phone and service I am not complaining.

It's not a smart fone but it's not as dumb as my old one.It is everything it was advertised to be & more.Geat fone for the price.

This phone is perfect for young kids. It has a touch screen, access to internet and a cheap plan. I highly recommend it.

Lots of features for an inexpensive phone. I've used Tracfone for many years and like the service they provide and now with triple minutes calls are very reasonable.

Whether you just need a cell phone to have on hand and not use much, or need a reliable phone with some extra features, this could be your phone.  At forty bucks with triple minutes for life, the 840G is just cheap enough to have for minimal use, plus, you get all kinds of useful features if you need them.Some of the features I found useful were wifi, email, and Facebook.  On my old phone, I could only use email and Facebook on the raggedy browser it had while using minutes.  The 840G's wifi works great, and can save you plenty of minutes.  Email and Facebook work pretty good.  The default web browser works okay, but I get lots of tapping on the screen with nothing happening.I installed Opera, which generally works a little better, but there are also times when the default browser works better.  So, I wind up going back and forth between the two.  For example, the free wifi at the airport redirects you to a Terms of Use acceptance page where you have to click an Accept button before you can use it.  Opera won't open that page, but the default browser does.  So, I can only use the default browser at the airport.The Pros:-Very inexpensive to buy and use.-Reliable, good sound quality.-Some very useful features, if you need them.The Cons:-Lots of tapping with nothing happening in the default browser.-No phone number reject or block list.-The camera snaps the shot a second or two after you click the button.  I know lots of cameras do this, but they're all annoying.  Snap the picture when I click so I get what I wanted when I clicked.-The camera only zooms at lower resolutions.-No parabolic mirror next to the camera eye for self-pics.This isn't really a Pro or a Con, but when you're using an Internet feature, the wifi takes a few seconds to connect after unlocking the phone.  So, if you start your Internet app before it does connect, you'll connect to your phone network and use minutes.  So, you just have to wait for the wifi icon to appear after unlocking before you start the app.The bottom line is that this phone, with triple minutes, plus a 400 minute/365 day card (1200 minutes for a year) from the same seller for ninety bucks, is a great deal for somebody that just needs to have a cell phone on them at all times, but doesn't use it much.  Being able to also use the extra Internet features by wifi is a great bonus.Update, 8/6/2013:Downgraded from four stars to two stars.  Everything I said about this phone a few months ago was true at the time.  Since then, my work email accounts can only receive, not send, and Gmail doesn't work at all.  I've been through the settings over and over, and the accounts only stopped working on the phone, nowhere else.  Most likely, Tracfone blocked the ports used to minimize traffic.  I emailed to complain, and was told my issue could be only handled by phone.  Also, half the time, neither web browser works right.  They don't connect, tapping the screen does nothing, etc.  A few months ago, they worked as described initially, above.In my initial review, the bottom line was that the 840g using Tracfone service was a good inexpensive phone and service, with some extra good features.  Now that the extra features are gone, it's just an inexpensive phone and service that works adequately.  As far as an inexpensive phone and service goes, it doesn't even have a block list.  And, when using a headset, the sound is choppy and unusable, unless the music player is running.  Adequate phone and adequate service for a low price.  That's all you get.

really like this phone.  It is so much easier than my old ones.  And the camera is really nice too.  I take more pictures now because of it.  Thank you..

I switched from my motorola flip phone to your LG I never got  your triple minutes. I do like the phone it is taking me a little time in learning how to use  it.

Tracfone has been great with customer service.BUT(if you dont know where the seller IS LOCATED,or the phone's origin)the area codes can make the phone inoperative.I bought this phone as a  good deal about 2 mos before a birthday gift,or AMAZON would be getting it back.I could say it was the unrecognized serial number,or after that fix&#34;by trac-fone)the &#34;unable to activate SIM&#34;Trac-fone FED -Ex me one for free,and 5 arduous hours of IT support,THEY(Trac-Fone)are sending me a new phone.So conclude what you like,but Amazon should really stay out of the cell phone business.All that glitters is not golden.

I was disappointed that could not download applicatons such as weather channel, retail store for access to coupons to use while shopping.  I was not expecting to have facebook or email capability.

I liked this better than the LG 800 G.  It is easier to use and the icons are larger.  The keyboard function is better on this model. I don't use web much, so I cannot rate how it works with the web.  Like the triple minutes for life.  Since I do not make many calls it was a good buy.  Like that I can store photos, music, etc. on the micro SD card.Seller was fast in delivering product and in it arrived in great condition.

This prepaid phone is perfect for my husband and I, and yet I don't feel old fashioned by having a flip phone.  We use the phone mainly when we travel so we can stay in touch with my elderly parents or our children.

It has taken a while, talking to service persons in the Phillippines, Guatemala City and Belize, but at last I have managed to change my old number from a lost Tracfone to the new one.  This is an attractive little phone with more bells and whistles than I will use, and it has a super-sensitive touchscreen that I'm getting used to.  (It's much more reactive than my iPad!). The service people were patient and helpful, but I found both the phone and internet programs very slow and frustrating to use.  For the price, it's a fine product.

For a phone in this category, the price, with the features offered, is very good!! Slight difficulty transferring existing paid minutes from previous tracfone to new tracfone. Only paid number of minutes show to transfer when I tried to activate online. Had to contact customer service to transfer any bonus minutes accumulated from double or triple minutes for life programs.  Took some time, but all transferred no problem.

There is no way to block "alerts" text messages sent  to you, Trac Phone charges 30 seconds for  each, like blow by blow, each score of a football game messages you did not sign up for.  There is no way to block senders or phone calls even if you know their address or phone number.  Welcome, pay for spam.They will sell you 4500 minutes via 800 number for $200.  Otherwise minutes are not such a great deal.

If your like me and never have your glasses handy! this is a great phone!!! querty board is big enough to accomadate my carpenter fingers!! the tech part of this phone is , well i'm a carpenter people not a techy! and i can do everything on this phone! and thats no small feat!. super super easy to use!! great for the elderly to!! and the price and triple mins!! can't beat it!

set-up is a pain for the uninitiated (me) but once done it works fine, does more than i need and economical. cool.

This cell phone does everything it claims and does it well. I am not a big cell phone user but have made and received calls that are very clear, texted, use the calendar all the time and the camera. This is a great phone for the price. I would buy it again and have recommended it to friends.

cheap considering I pay less than $200 a year for service. Not having a qwert key pad when entering info only drawback.This feature does come up when texting.I got this phone because it is WiFi compatible. Paying to get on the internet no longer mandatory as with other trackfones.

Bought this phone as an upgrade from using a simple non wifi or browser phone.  What impressed me the most was the screen and the icon sizes. I can actually read it without a magnifying glass. I didn't want a smart phone expense but wanted something a bit more up-to-date in technology.  LG840G was pretty simple to use, didn't need any instruction book to get started.  Tracfone customer service was very helpful porting my phone number and minutes over. This one came with triple minutes. They even extended my yearly renewal date by two months.  If you want to use the internet browser and not get charged for minutes, turn on the WiFi first before selecting browser.  I also like the fact that the phone locks after so many minutes.  Only drawback it didn't come with a USB for connecting to PC, bought one on Amazon for about $3.  Headphone jack isn't 3.5 mm but a 2.5 mm which it didn't come with the phone, no big deal can pick one up any place.

I like the most updated smart phones, but more so to play with than to own. I rather a simple phone like this one. It does a few more things than my moms flip phone without being completely overstocked with a bunch of stuff that I will never use. I put in a 16gb card  for music, and it handles that flawlessly. It's nice looking, and not a pain to use. And the battery last a good while, even with me using it as a media player as well. I listen to music a lot. Good little phone.

Works well enough, I thought it would be a bit bigger. Thats my only complaint, but it did list the dimensions so its my own fault. Takes horrible photos. Not good for anything but texting and talking.

I really love this little phone.  My old flip phone died and I upgraded to this LG840G.  It is easy to navigate and I like the slim stye. If you are use to a smart phone, you probably won't like this one.  I don't use the internet as it would really eat up the minutes.

First off, let me say that I actually bought this phone from Tracfone and it was "reconditioned," so I got it for $10. I actually prefer flip phones, but since this was cheaper and it came with triple minutes, I got this instead. Even though I prefer flip phones, I am not going to review this phone based on that fact. I will mostly be doing a comparison between the LG 840G and the LG 800G, since that was the last phone I owned.Pros:1. This is the most important one: the touch screen is much more accurate and responsive than the LG 800G. I find myself hitting "backspace" a lot less, and a character is printed every time I touch the screen without using a lot of force. This results in much faster texting.2. The screen is slightly larger, making it easier to see. That said, it is only just as long an just as thick as the LG 800G, and only slightly wider, so it is still a nice, compact phone.3. The battery cover is better for several reasons: A. It has a rough texture to provide a better grip. B. It is constructed out of a more durable material than the 800G. C. The cover does not slide onto the phone like the 800G, but clips directly on. This keeps it from flying off due to slight impacts. D. You don't have to remove the battery to access the SD card.4. The phone has the feature that turns the screen off when you hold it up to your ear during a call, and turns it on when you remove it from your ear.5. This phone has Wi-Fi, so now it doesn't cost you minutes when you are just surfing to get a new ringtone and what not. It also has 3G, but I am not sure what is so great about that to be completely honest, but I guess it is better than not having 3G.6. Multi-media messages cost less minutes for some reason, or maybe its just for "group" messages. Example: whenever a friend sent me a group message on my 800G, it would cost me 1.50 minutes. On the 840G, it costs about 1.0385 or something like that. Still a lot worse than a regular text, but not as bad as the 840G.Cons (mostly just nit picky stuff, but I don't see why some of these cons are present when they weren't present on the 800G):1. The most important con: while it is now easier to text, there is no feature that shows you possible words you are trying to type, like on the 800G.2. The difference between 0% and 100% brightness isn't that huge.3. If you receive a text from someone and their name is too long, it doesn't display their name at the top of the message. You have to exit the message to see who sent it to you. This is more confusing than anything, because I keep thinking that strangers are texting me.4. If you sent a text message by clicking on a contact, it doesn't tell you who you are sending it to. I like to be sure I am sending my messages to the right people. You can avoid this by creating the message and THEN choosing who to send it to, but that is a hard habit to start.5. Not sure if this is how it worked on the 800G, but the 840G's music player will NOT allow you to choose the first song you want to listen when shuffle mode is on.

This phone is exactly what is advertised.  It is a great deal for those of us who are still a little on the tech illiterate side.  It could come with a little better direction guide however I do have a good direction guide in my son in law.  All is all it is much more up to date and getting hooked up to Wifi let's me browse the internet while watching TV.

I am very happy with this phone. I love it. It is much better than the phone that I had. It shipped very guickly, also. The price was great.

I searched a long time to find the &#34;right&#34; cell phone,  This one is perfect for me.  The touch feature is superior, you just very lightly tap with finger nail and it goes-also has a nice audible sound at the click.  Numbers are very large.  Has most features one would want-email, Bluetooth, Camera, Video Camera, Browser.  $49.99.I would give it six (6) stars.E. L. Daniell

It's nice to have an up-graded tracfone with triple minutes.  I really like that I don't have to maintain a contract for cell phone service.  This is why I have stayed with Tracfone for over 10 years.

I have owned this phone for almost a month now and love it.  The phone is a huge improvement over my previous Tracfone and I still have not been able to use all the features.Outstanding and easy to use, great features for less than half the cost of other smart phones.

Phone seemed to work out of the box. Transferring old phone number to this phone was very easy. Typed in contact list using dialpad - would have preferred a keyboard, but did not see any way to bring up one. Some days later, phone would not send text messages. Spoke with customer service and she guided us through a &#34;master reset&#34;. That fixed it and fortunately the contact list was not erased in the process. This phone has a very sensitive screen. It takes practice to master the touch.

As with most people purchasing this phone, I am purchasing this as my first step toward a smart phone, and I am overall quite pleased.  I like the photos that I've taken with it, and I was able to send them to our Mac through a wireless connection, which I thought was pretty slick.  (My husband said he couldn't do that with his I-phone.)  The only thing preventing me from giving five stars is that the phone is supposed to come with triple minutes for life.  I purchased a double minute plan, and that cancelled out the triple minutes.  I sent an e-mail to tracphone that was never answered, and then I had to go through two employees on a 45-minute call.  Each of them initially told me they couldn't fix the problem, but I was eventually able to get the second employee to refund the time, so I could go back and purchase the regular time package, which was then tripled.  (Never call them on your cell phone to discuss problems; you'll go through all the time you have on your phone.)

I had a cheap Tracfone for a number of years only for emergencies.  I decided to buy this phone to get the ability to text and had my number transferred from the old phone.  In less than 6 months Tracfone TWICE cancelled my service with service days and minutes still available.  The second time, I learned that they had sent a &#34;replacement phone&#34; on my account to &#34;someone&#34; and my service would not be reinstated.  I NEVER REQUESTED A REPLACEMENT and did not know the person to whom the phone - and my minutes - had been sent. How did I know who the phone had been sent to?  Tracfone accidentally provided me with  personal information about the individual.  Personally I just think Tracfone &#34;customer service&#34; screwed up and doesn't want to admit it.

This phone met or exceeded all my expectations Even tho it's not a smartphone per se,But I only needed a phone to be reachable. Highly recommended

I hate this phone. The keyboards are very sensitive.  If you want to write a text or email, it is hard to press the right key.  It will jump to a different letter.  Forget using for browsing.  The connection is extremely slow and eats up many minutes.  The screen is too small, too, to even read a web site.  I'm going to return this phone and stick with my basic and reliable Motorola Tracfone.This is NOT a "Smart Phone" or "Android".  Save your money and buy a "Smart Phone" or "Android".  This phone will just end up making you feel EXTREMELY frustrated!...and...let us not forget the very poor customer service!  It is hard to get a hold of a "rep" and is hard to understand some "reps".  If you have a land line, use it.  Don't waste your Tracfone minutes as you may be on the phone quite some time.

Once key board is set it should stay there, Hands free speaker is  not Loud enough but still a great phone

I purchased this for my daughter to both provide some level of smart phone capability as well as to control expenses (she doesn't have a job yet).  She tells me it works great.

It works great not sure if I can add any app to it but it works good for a phone so I can call and text my government phone wouldn't allow me to get or receive any text so I'm happy with this phone.

I ordered this phone because I was tired of the limitations of my current tracphone. Nowadays everyone is upgrading to smartphones and though I don't need the best phone, I'd like to have something more modern. I liked the idea of wi-fi and the ability to watch videos and surf the web.This phone can do all of that quite well and if you download opera mini it really increases the potential. But my favorite part is the touch-screen, which is quite good and makes texting much, much easier. Now I can see that touch screens are essential for modern phones. For under 50 bucks and with a triple minute promotion this is really an incredible deal. With triple minutes the phone pays for itself. Don't pass this one over unless something better comes out.

Number one, I liked the price of this phone. It has all the features I felt you can find on some of the pricier models. It was also nice to have the advantage of the triple minutes. It is a very nice phone with easy to use features and functions very well. I would recommend this to anyone who would like to upgrade to a different phone, but wants to have something that is easy to set up and the camera function is really nice and the sound is crystal clear. It is easy to enter contacts and has really nice shortcut features too.

Bought one of these for my wife and paid $59.95 for it a Walmart.  This is the exact same phone for a lot less. We have used track phones for years and save money and generally get excellent service. Matter of fact,I often can get service where my friends using regular carriers can't. To be fair,this phone although a big step up from our previous track phone is,by smart phone standards not real smart. If your looking for a lot of bells and whistles this phone might not be for you. Read the feature list carefully.  The only error I have run into so far as to its capabilities is it will only handle a 4GB music memory card not a 32GB card like the instruction manual says. Anything over 4GB will crash the SIM card.  Otherwise everything works as advertised and I would recommend this phone and the service(and have) with few reservations. Shipping was fast and the packaging was first class. Thanks Amazon,as usual you did not disappoint.

Have only had this phone a week, so I am still getting used to it.  It is a nice upgrade from my old LG430G flip phone.  Very few dropped calls with that phone.  This phone I have had more calls get dropped, and showing no service.  Don't know if it is going to be a permanent issue or if it is just temporary.  I know this is not an iphone or smartphone and don't expect that.  I am able to use the browser on this one, whereas the LG430G was never able to get on internet.  It is VERY slow when and if you do connect.  For the money, as others have said it is a really nice phone as long as your not expecting a top of the line smartphone.  I do not use cell phones except for emergencies and occasional calls so this is really a good choice for me because I don't like contracts, doesn't make sense if you hardly use the phone at all.  The triple minutes worked great too.  It is also perfect in size and has a really nice quality screen.  I set up the phone all by myself since I have a tracfone account and didn't have to use the dreaded customer service dept. to get my phone activated, which was a HUGE plus.  Would definitely recommend this phone now that it has come down in price-well worth it!  Only gave it 4 stars due to some dropped calls, hopefully this is temporary.

If anyone is looking for a cheap  way of having a smartphone this would be the way to go.  It is everything I was expecting!!

I love this phone.  It works better than expected and has all the bells and whistles I would ever use.  I especially love that it Is WI FI connective.  It's not a smart phone but a great phone.  And the company delivered it as suggested.

reat phone for the 11 year old I purchased for.  He is enjoying it along with all of its prks such as wifi, facebook, instagram, camera etc...he damaged his other phone on a water ride in Disney, this is his repalcement and for the price it is awesome.

It's no smartphone, but it has many features for a Tracfone.  Got it for my 13 yr old as a starter phone and he likes it even if it's not the smartphone he wanted:)

I recently bought a Tracfone (LG840G) to enable me to make international calls specifically to the UK. After a few calls with technical support, I found out you cannot call a cell phone internationally, only a landline. This was an important bit of information that is missing in their ads about international calling. Had I known this ahead of time, I would likely have not purchased the phone and stayed with my calling card. You can call a cell phone if it is in the USA which led to some of the confusion.

easy to do text message.  a nice upgrade from my old tracfone at a low price.  my wife and mother both got one after me.

Does not work at home.  Limited instructions.  Unable to retrieve  voice mail. Trying to cancel voice mail  but I can't figure out how.

My sister kept pestering me to get a more modern phone so I could text.  I had a TracFone Motorola flip phone for a number of years.  I love the phone and the convience also.  It takes pictures but havn't tried that yet, but am very please.

I like this phone better than my other one. I like that it locks so it won't dial people by mistake. I can see everything better on it and no dropped calls.

Great cheap phone. Due to the washing machine and clumsiness, I've bought 3.

It is a little balky - turns off when I wish it were on.  Great screen and wonderful brilliant colors.  It is also pretty large - that is a good/bad feature.

I don't use a cell phone much, but wanted a second one so my husband and I would each have one. This phone does more than I need, but has many features if I choose to use them. It is easy to read, and program. Not having a contract is the best part and I only pay for minutes I use. I don't see the need for a &#34;smartphone&#34; as this one does it all.

I use my cell phone mostly for talking.  The LG840g is easy to hold with clear sound.  It has survived 2 weeks worth of riding in my pants pocket (active outdoor life) or my purse without damage or randomly pushed buttons.  Thanks to my family, I'm starting to use texts.  The onscreen keyboard lets a novice compose, edit and send texts effortlessly.  The battery lasts about 4 days when I'm busy.  I haven't managed to time the standby yet.  I love the large screen in a hand-sized unit. Moving my number, minutes and service from the old Tracfone was easily done via the Tracfone website. I would recommend this phone to friends and family.

I saved almost $20 by purchasing this item thru Amazon (Prime)!  I'm slowly getting used to it--wish there was a simpler way to adjust whether the phone rings or vibrates or is silent other than going thru all the menus on the screen.  Triple minutes is just a bonus!

Fantastic phone for the money without having a monthly bill.  I have used tracfones for about 12 years and this one is pretty good.

I was very happy to received my new LG 840G smartphone!  I had the LG 800 tracfone and loved it, but wanted a smartphone.The price was right and with triple minutes, you can't go wrong! As usual, I received the phone in a couple of days, thanks toAmazon's fast shipping.I never had a smartphone before, so I am still getting used to the various functions, and having fun while doing so.

It's not a smartphone, but it's perfect for me, I don't need a whole lot of extra features. I'm so glad I decided to buy it!

I've had to wait 2 years for my contract to run out and bought my own brand new Iphone from Apple for $500.00 which NEVER worked at all....I went back and forth to the store and nothing would fix the phone - it never held a charge so therefore, I was paying for TWO YEARS monthly for something I never used. ATT was awful to work with....impossible actually....I got this new phone instead of investing all that wasted money again and it was so easy to set up and use. It still has a full charge after 2 days - WOW... I wanted a PHONE, nothing more........easy. The only draw back is the ring tone is too low for me and most are. But since I will only use it maybe 2x a year I'll work it out. Apple lost my business forever. No more high costs. I need a cell for emergencies and I hope this one will continue to work great. I followed the directions and waa laa..........all done! It's strange that I received calls from people I do not know tho..........ummmm......I just deleted. Easy to use, easy to see and work the screens. Now I can relax finally. Arrived on time and had everything in the box. I did order a car charger in case I'm stranded. A phone is my life line - boo to Apple. I figure the cost on this phone is so low, I can always get another one fast, if I need to. The automated voice was easy to follow and instructions were clear..............UPDATE  Jan. 20, 2014.........It seems they switch out phone numbers with this company too...SOOOO, I am now getting the same woman caller, who seems to have about 20 of these phones, with different numbers, CALLING ME 20x A DAY !!! I have told her to stop this and not call. It goes on and on and on. I realize I can request another phone number, but I'm sure the same thing will occur.......I wish there was a way to block all her calls but I cannot find a way on this phone. : ((( She's using my paid time doing this...pfffffft.....UPDATE:: Jan. 26 - All is good as I had the phone number changed - easy to do over the phone. It stays charged for a week for me YAY ! And will beep when the battery is low // took me 3 hours to figure out where the beeping was coming from tho... Really a nice little phone here! Beats my Iphone 4s....and that goof Seri.

The most advanced phone from Tracfone. Not a smart phone yet. Sound quality is very good and camera has a decent resolution for occasional snapshot, but do not think of replacing your regular camera with LG 840G.

this phone is a piece of junk i wish i could send it back  i cant get on the net for some reason

this phone survived a drop in the toilet and two drops from my pocket going full speed on my bike it never drops calls but the games suck i would only reccomennd as a starter phone this phone still works properly after all that

Terrific phone, I just wish it would let you screen phone numbers when receiving a text. There's an option to ignore txt message, but without knowing who it's from, I naturally have to view it and get half a minute deducted. There's a teenage/tween, i'm guessing, girl who keeps texting me news about mike buble?. Told them it's the wrong #, but don't think they understood. Otherwise, this is a great phone for what you pay for. Triple minutes are nice.

good phone.easy to easy.and the right size.and very cheep to keep is acvite.lg phone with 3g.u good wifi and get on facebook if u have a signal.

For those who don't want to spend a fortune on a contract phone, this is the answer.  Packed with features including a camera, audio recorder (with many quality levels and memory formats) external microSD card (included), WIFI, etc.. this is a great cell phone for those who want an entry-level LG quality touch screen cell.  The triple minutes program TracFone  offers can't be beat.  I thought  .08/min at TMobile was a good deal, but 5.6 cents/min is even better.  Texts are billed at 1/3 of a minute.  Make sure to get a screen protector or two to keep it from getting scratched.

I bought this LG840G  tracfone to replace my LG800G which my dog ATE. This LG840G seems to be a lot easier to use, then the LG800G.  This is primilarly a phone with a camera  and not a full blown computer. if you want one of  those you will pay a lot more, this is an excellant phone which has other very useful functions. THE BEST PART OF THIS PHONE IS THAT THE VOLUME CAN BE TURNED UP A LOT HIGHER WHICH MAKES IT MUCH EASIER TO HEAR.Here on Amazon they also have a good price on a leather case for this phone and it sell for less than $5.00 with shipping I would suggest one of these to go with your phone, it has a belt clip which should make it less likely to be lost and a magnetic closer. When it arriveed it had a hard foam insert, I trimed off a half inch of the foam and put it into the bottom of the case to hold the phone higher in the case to make it easier to retrive.

Doesn't work with Ford's SYNC system.  Customer support is atrocious!!  Choose something else!!  Unfortunately You get what you pay for.

The only negative I've found is that when the phone rings, when you first touch it to answer it, it either answers or rejects the call before you even have a chance to look to see if you want to answer.  It doesn't matter if you touch it on the screen or on the outside edges of the phone.  I really do like this phone. Easy to use, great reception.

I was expecting better when I placed the order. It's just a normal phone. I thought I will be more confortable using the net...but it's such a pain.

This is the last upgrade I can do before I have to pay Trcfone for separate data/call/text plans.  I would recommend it.  Nice phone, easy to use.  Good company too buy from

Very pleased with the quality of this phone.  Good purchase and saving money at the same time. Would recommend to family and friends.

This is my first TracFone.  I've had the LG840G for about 6 months.  I wanted something inexpensive, but that had some bells and whistles like Wi-Fi, web access, and touchscreen. My initial reaction was positive, but there's one thing that is a total failure of critical functionality. When there's an incoming call, the screen becomes active including the "End Call" screen button.  I carry the phone in my pocket, and it is nearly impossible to get the phone out without grazing the end call button regardless of how careful I am.  I probably lose over half of my incoming calls which is totally unacceptable, and a product design blunder of major proportions.  Try googling this phone and this problem, and you'll see that I'm not alone.  I don't care how good a phone it is, if you can't answer it without cutting the caller off, it's a loser!!!  Not that it would change my mind about the phone, but I tried browsing the web early on, but decided it wasn't worth the trouble.

My old flip top went to cell phone heaven Monday,after ten years of faithfull service.  Very sad to lose the flip top tracfone and really happy with the lg 8400 I purchased as the replacement.  I was a little nervous after reading some of the reviews.  This was unneeded as I never had a cell phone so easy to set up and it was up and running in about fifteen minutes after charging.  The only  bad part was Tracfone's dreaded customer service but only had to call once and that was a very long twenty minutes with someone who really did not understand English and we ended up finishing the conversation in French because he understood that better than english lol.  However the phone is working good,love texting on it so easy,camera is not so bad,only thing I still have to do is set up the m3p player,not done yet and put on the orange case I ordered and will be here on the 19th. Thank you Tracfone for a pretty good cell phone.I set up and started using my mp3 player, very easy.  Got a 32 memory card and have almost all of my favorites to enjoy on the bus going to my nanny job.  Could not believe how easy to download music on this phone.

This Tracfone only works about 10% of the time. Constantly get &#34;Network Unavailable&#34; message while trying to send messages. Won't make most calls, people constantly complain they can't get in touch with me. If you need a cell phone that connects most of the time this isn't it.

No this is not a smart phone (sigh) but for those of us too cheap to pay the monthly fees for a real smart phone this one at least offers the convenience of a touch screen. It is getting much better reception than my last LG phone and the wifi works fine. I wish that it had a qwerty keyboard for all things - it was a pain to enter in all my contacts. I haven't used it much on the web but it is there for emergencies.  Overall I am surprised by how much better and more convenient having the touch screen is.

Never had a Trac Fone before this, but it is much cheaper than a contract phone, and I have service everywhere. I use it mainly as a safety or emergency phone. Lately I used it as my  my only phone a it performed great.

The only real annoyances are when texting and using the web browser.If you press the backspace button multiple times really fast or hold it down for more than a second, it deletes your entire text! (with no &#34;undo&#34; button anywhere...) and the web browser forces you to use the traditional number keyboard instead of the qwerty one.i.e. 1=abc, 2=def, etc... other than that it works well as a phone, and I get service and 3g almost everywhere.

Trash.

Great phone and value. Great coverage and service as good as many contract phones and the triple minutes feature makes it a better value then most contract plans as well.

Exactly 11 months after I bought it, it stopped working. The old flip phones that Tracfone sold were more reliable than this cheap product.

I've had very good luck using these prepaid phones for the kids. They work very well and are inexpensive to use and  to replace when lost or broken.

I've always used the Tracfone prepaid phone.  This one I Love because its a touch screen.  Very inexpensive, and meets my needs.

I'm still trying to figure out some bells and whistles (disclamer: I'm pretty technologically impaired!)- don't bother trying to get the Tracfone customer &#34;service&#34; to help- it took 72 minutes and 2 people just to activate and transfer my minutes from my old Tracfone.  I wish there were  more info about the various features in the booklet provided.  So far, I've been able to connect to wi-fi, see e-mail, Facebook page on my own.

This phone holds a charge for a day at best. That is my main complaint but I'll also say that it is difficult for a someone with normal adult sized fingers to type a text message. Using the wifi and browser seems pointless also. navigating it is really difficult and frustrating. I'll be going to a simpler phone without a touch screen.

I really do not make and receive calls often. But I need one handy to communicate with family and friends. Easier than LG500G to work with.

Doing what my old phone did is easy but the LG 840 has a lot more features that I have to learn.I gave one to my ex-wife.  (No, that's not a slam.)

I paid $40.00 June 2013 and I get frustrated with this phone.  It decides to shut itself off when I'm talking with a pop that hurts my ear.  It drops calls, won't dial or connect when making a call.  You cannot download ringtones, it puts them in music and you cannot find the file to make any changes.  I tried to send a photo to my email with the wifi and browser but it would not do that. You cannot use the wifi unless you are near a network and have a password to use it.  It is compatible with Safelink.  An ok phone for the price but it doesn't perform the capabilities LG says it's supposed to.

First my review of Tracfone service:  I'm a gal who hates using the phone; ANY kind of phone.  So my use of any phone is minimal so I don't want to spend a lot on plans and fancy smart phones.  Thus, Tracfone.  It's worked fine for me for the past 5 years.  I've never had any problem activating new phones and transferring the minutes from the old to the new phone online.  I haven't really had much need to contact their Customer Service but when I do, it's been alright.  Not terrific but they get the job done.  I don't expect Apple service when I'm paying Walmart prices.Now for this phone:  I upgraded from the LG800g to this one because of the high rating it got from other Amazonians.  I was nervous because I did NOT like the LG800g.  Well, I'm happy to say that the LG840g has resolved all of the issues that I had with the 800g and added some new features that make me totally happy.  It's a little larger (maybe .25&#34;) but the added size all goes for a larger screen.  The QWERTY keyboard when texting is so much easier and faster than the T9 of the LG800g.  Since I already was familiar with the LG navigation, adapting to the newer model was easy.  Also, it's a real sleek looking little guy.  So far, I'm very happy with it!

Needed a plain phone and this LG fit the bill. It gets better reception than other phones even inside a heavy concrete walled production building. Battery life is excellent compared to smart phones: recharge every 3-4 days with one bar used, even after using the music player. Recommend this phone to anyone looking for a basic phone.

Twice, when I have turned it on, the phone flashes an "emergency sim card malfunction." If I tap the displayed emergency button, it starts to dial 911.  Pretty wierd.  Power down and turn it back on to reset it.  I'm guessing this is a local network problem, not a phone glitch.  Other than this "phantom", the phone works perfectly.

The phone is great and I love the triple minutes, I hope to keep this phone for a long time.

This phone is sweet! I love the ability to do so much with a phone. I am not a person that likes to text but this phone has changed my mind completely. I love the touch screen as I bought a Nook with touch screen and am learning to use both.

I have listened to every suggestion, instructional videos,  and called Tracfone. There is no way of downloading a qwerty  for internet searches with . We seldom call people  using the cell phone (we have unlimited long distance with Comcast,) or text, but we do frequently use the phone for the internet. It is a royal pain to have to tap a key on the keypad several times to enter each character. You can download various apps from the apps and games to make searching a little better, but no qwerty like we had on our tracfone slider.  We really miss that feature. We will probably buy a tracfone android after the prices drop.

Wow what a deal.....an amazing device....not a real review, as you can see. but check it out on you tube and read other reviews for the features, I am just saying that if you want a cell phone that does a lot of other stuff and don't require &#34;android&#34; this is for you.

If you are in any position where you don't want a contract with a phone company... this phone is cheap ($13 on Amazon w/shipping) and with triple minutes,  a good deal!

I got 2 one for each of my boys and it has been great! Clear service/reception, excellent web speed! Great phone for kids to learn a little responsibility!

Although my son was happy enough with his old clamshell Tracfone, I wanted him to have a phone with a camera, voice recorder, and text capability. The LG 840g does exactly what we needed. It does not have much in the way of apps- this is not an iPhone or Android, but my son uses it regularly to stay in touch, takes photos when he's on trips, adds notes and reminders, and is very happy with it.I wish it had more apps, but otherwise its a great phone for a teen.

this is the least desirable ph. for my needs. I need to know "missed calls" , which doesn't come up. I have to look into the ph. to find out.

I really like this unit and have used it a lot since I bought it, and for $19.00 pre pay it gives triple minutes for a total of 180 minutes.

We love our Tracfones! Bye-bye big Verizon bills! Easy to use, easy to call, good clarity of sound, easy to text. Cannot recommend Tracfone highly enough. This is not a &#34;smart&#34; phone, but it is perfect for us.

I got theses phones for my family because i have one and love it it has a godd recever it the country, it arrive when the selkler said they would I would buy from this seller again.

I'M A SENIOR CITIZEN AND THIS IS MY FIRST CELL PHONE.  I NEVER THOUGHT I WANTED ONE, BUT DECIDED,BECAUSE MY HUSBAND AND I TRAVEL A BIT, THAT IT WAS A SMART THING TO DO.  I DON'T USE IT A LOT,BUT IT DOES COME IN HANDY AND I WOULDN'T DO WITHOUT IT.  I TAKE IT EVERYWHERE I GO.  I GOT IT ATA GOOD PRICE, AND I'M GLAD I PURCHASED IT.

bought this for my 12 yr old grandsons birthday ,, he loves it ,, he can call text take pictures, connect to wifi.and no contract needed.

If you're looking for a good phone that can do almost everything the big-price phones can do, this is the one.  And how can you beat a yearly charge of $80.00!!

This is a step up from my old Tracphone flipphone. At first was hard to get used to the touch screen controls, but once I got the hang of it, liked it better than the old key controls. For the price you can't beat it. Don't plan on using it for good internet connectivity. But I use it mainly for occasional calling, so that has not been a problem.

If your phone works, GREAT.  If you have any problems, throw the phone in the garbage and buy a new one.  Their customer service will only waste your time.  they will not fix any problems for you.

This phone is well worth the money.if you cant afford an I phone this is the phone for you a

had a difficult time activating it. Tried three times to transfer my old phone number, minutes, and days of service. The transfer actually occurred but the phone said that it needed to be activated. The 3rd try did the trick.

Nice for the person who has never had a smart phone and doesn't need to use the internet a lot on the phone.Cool to have triple minutes, but picture texts are kind of expensive.Not super fast to go online, but great to have the option to if you needed it.

This has been a great phone for my 13 yr old son.  He has web ability but nothing too outrageous and it is very simple and inexpensive so it won't cost me and arm and a leg to replace.

There are lots of reviews on this phone so I don't want try to expand on the details. I just want to say it is a great touchscreen phone at a great price, and although it can't compare with popular App phones that cost hundreds of dollars, it is a cost effective way to have a great phone with many built in features that most people &#34;actually&#34; use. It's not a &#34;hype&#34; phone, but a great all-around phone for those people who have basic needs, but use their phones often.Pros: 1) great, sensitive, easy touchscreen 2) easy email retrieval on 3G network or WiFi at home or hotspots 3)  use it as an MP3 player using an SD card 4) text messaging  5) excellent 3G coverage 6) caller ID 7) lots of personal configurations like ringtonesCons: Although you can get on the internet with the built in browser, it is too small a screen for any real intensive use. I gave up on it after a few days, and don't bother anymore. It was unusable for me

I am in my third day of trying to activate my phone. At first it went fine and then all I could get was messages to call customer service which told my the phone was in process and to check back in 15 minutes, which I did from time to time, but after two days nothing ever happened to activate the phone. I emailed and there was no response in 24 hours, so I called customer service again, gamed the system to get a human being, who sent me to his supervisor. I have been on hold for one hour and 40 minutes and counting. I am going to hold as long as it takes because I have time this evening. If you don't have this kind of time and patience, try another company!

Nice display. Easy to use.  I am not a big cell phone user.  This phone is totally adequate for my purposes.

The LG840G is a significant upgrade to the LG800G which was Tracfone's best entry in the almost-smart phone offerings. Consider this as being the model that the LG800G could have been. The improvements are many with such features as Wi-FI, e-mail sending and receiving, higher memory card (32GB) acceptance, smoother touch-screen scrolling, slightly better camera, several more built-in applications, faster transmission (3G replacing the 2.5G, or &#34;Edge&#34; operation), a modest increase in screen size, and an overall better-looking, gloss-black case. Use of Wi-Fi, when available, means no prepaid units are spent for Internet time. Also, the deductions for data when not using Wi-Fi are measured in small increments of units based on time rather than fixed, full amounts for access. As a welcome bonus, the phone currently is sold with a &#34;triple-minutes&#34; plan when buying prepaid time units.

I've had about 5 trac phones and this is the best one yet. I don't use it for web surfing

I would recommend this to anyone who wants a track phone.Pay as you go, Easy to use and looks exspensive.Has tons of features,I love it.My only concern is the battery, Seems to have to be charged often,Not sure if I'm doing something wrong or if it's a faulty battery,I have had another track phone for the past 5 or 6 years and I never charged it that often, but then again it didn't have any features.I know I am going to use this one more,Plus Triple minutes for life, Can't get better than that.

Phone power button started working only intermittently after two weeks.  Other than that, I like the phone.  Tracfone is sending me a replacement at no charge.

This is an excellent phone for the price. The CSR at Tracfone was very helpful in transferring my current Tracfone service & number from my older Tracfone to this new phone. The phone itself is very easy to use and has more options and functions then I'll ever need or use.No its not really what I would consider a true smart phone, but then again it doesn't have the expensive price tag of an I phone either. I have no doubt I'll be as pleased with my new LG840 Tracfone as I've been with my previous older model Tracfone & Tracfone's service.Lovin and having fun my new LG 840 touch screen phone.

This phone was very reasonably priced and it looks like an expensive phone.  It is easy to use and has a lot of features on it.  My husband also has one and we really are happy with them.

Price is right...for a very good phone. Although not a smart phone, it has a number of features that are helpful and useful. Perfect for those like me that are mainly into texting and occasional  phone use. In addition, the triple minutes accociated with this phone....sold me.  IMO, you couldn't do better for the price (Amazon price ischeaper than Walmart and the Tracfone site) Phone arrived within two days of order.

I have nothing but good things to say about this phone. It works great for what I need. It is certainly not a &#34;smart phone&#34; but it never claimed to be.

I don't use phones that much, but this one is fairly simple. My daughter has one, and she taught me how to use it.

It is very easy to use.  Also plays music through My car radio. I am very happy with the phone.

Really fast shipping (2 days). It is a cheap phone and very fragile so if u get it get a CASE!!! Also if u got big hands it's not the best

I read a lot of reviews and the specs and it was what I was looking to get.It works perfectly and very easy to use. Bought one for me and one for myand he loves it.I would recommend this phone to anyone who uses Tracfone service.

love phone so far has better reception than i thought it would have,took some time trying to figure out blue tooth and Wi-Fi works good

Tracfone...anything associated with Tracfone....RUN!If you are reading this, and decide to go with Tracfone anyway, you deserve what you get.I just got off the phone with customer 'service', after over 2 hours (thank goodness I used a landline!) I could not retrieve the 1000 minutes that went 'missing' from my tracfone after a previous customer 'service' call. Runaround does not even begin to address the atrocious customer 'service' I was offered.They claimed there is no USA based customer service, and no way to reach any USA reps. When pressed they FINALLY gave me the email and USA mailing address. I have not attempted to reach the USA 'help' yet, but when I do I don't expect much, considering what transpired today.They claim they cannot provide any records of phone usage, the 'english' they speak is alternately unintelligible and obtuse. There is nobody there who speaks english as a first language, they put you on hold and pretend to get a supervisor, over and over.I told the rep (after he thought he had put me on hold to get a supervisor) that I was not on hold, and that I had heard everything, and knew that he did not try to reach a supervisor. His name was &#34;Billy&#34; (reeeeally, Billy???) Billy, who can barely speak english...his badge number is 522530. Armand, the rude 'supervisor' I got after 1hr 45 min had a badge# 88888 (reeeeally? 88888? cmon!), was infinitely more rude than the know-nothing 'Billy&#34;, and could not answer any of my question, following the same script as his little toady.Neither one was any good. When I asked for a supervisor I told 'Billy&#34; that I was going to need someone who could actually address my issue. He said &#34;do not use foul language&#34; I asked him what foul language I had used and he said he could not repeat it. WHAAAAAT???? There was NO FOUL LANGUAGE!!!!!It goes on and on...basically spent over 2 hrs on the phone with people who could not, or would not understand my issue, gave conflicting answers to the same question (not just different people, different answers constantly from the same person! , sometimes actually flat out lying!!!), on 'fake hold' for approx 20 min of that time, for nothing. No explanation on the missing 1000 minutes.This is not the first time I have called, but the 2nd. The first time was shorter, but no better.Never again. As soon as my minutes are gone, so will I be.Spread the word, this company is a nightmare.Be aware that Straight Talk is actually the same company, and beware!

I was using the LG 800G for a while and was very annoyed by the poor touch screen, esp. when texting. I was over the fence whether upgrading to this newer LG 840G or not. Since the price of the LG 840G has dropped quite a lot recently and so I decided to give it try. Wow, I am so delighted to say that this is a much better touch screen phone than the LG 800G. It is very responsive and texting is so much easier. Also my old phone could not pick up any signal while I am at work but not any more with this new one.If you are considering this phone, don't waste your time just buy it. You'll love it.

Used this phone for 4 days now and I can't believe all the features that come with no hidden fees or gotchas. Wifi works great on my home network and was no harder to set up then any other device I use. If you have problems, do a google search and you will find your solution. Same with downloading Opera Mini which I  recommend. Tried the standard Tracfone browser and while fast, I had a few issues with displaying some web pages. Perhaps there are shortcomings on the Opera browser, but for me it was more user friendly. Again google Opera Mini to find the correct version of Opera for the LG840. Then there is Google maps. After locating the correct version, the download went smoothly. Why use Google maps on your cellphone instead of a dedicated GPS?. Well for me it is a hassle to carry along the Garmin when 99% of the time I don't need it. If the unexpected happens or I need to refresh at the nearest pizza joint, I can pull out this cellphone and quickly locate the nearest gas, pitza or whatever. Then we got the mp3 player. With the correct cord, I transferred most of my music to the phone in seconds. Tunes, maps and internet access for free. What more can you ask for and you are only out $7/month. With the money I save I can do without the voice recognition and full functionality while surfing the web. If you love bargains, you won't be sorry.

I had the 800g for a little over a year and wasn't pleased at all.  I'm not the type of person who needs bells and whistles on my phone but I do enjoy using a phone that doesn't piss me off.  So far the 840g hasn't disappointed me.

[EDIT: Tracfone may have the worst 411 feature on the planet, but apparently, it's not their own service. I give 5 stars to the phone reps who took care of the very complicated business of transferring everything over and back.]There was a time when you could call 411 on a Tracfone. They charged you a dollar or 2, they found the number, and they called it for you. Now--- you dial 411, and immediately get a long-winded voice ad. I'm paying them to sell me stuff??Anyhow...next, a recorded voice asks you what number you want. It does not matter how clearly you enunciate, or how close to a cell tower you are. (I was less than 1/2 mile away from one). Their voice recognition software does not recognize human voices. "I'm sorry. I can't understand you" is their response for every slow, distinct, pear-shaped tone I can utter.The first time this happened, I was freezing cold and soaking wet, standing out in a blizzard with a flat tire. The Gods smiled, and a good Samaritan with a real cellphone happened by to bail me out.The second time this happened, (today) I was trying to help someone else - trying to call the police for them. The term "Police" must be too difficult for the Tracfone software. So much for that false sense of security that I used to get from having a cell phone.Now to get to the phone itself. Using this phone is like handling an explosive device. Every time you move it - no matter where or how you hold it - the screen changes on you. Given how many different screens it has, this can get very confusing. It does have a tiny onboard keyboard for certain functions, but my small, woman's hands are a bit too big for it. I can zoom in and make the screen bigger, but that function is so buggy that it will just zoom up, zoom down, at will, without any input from me.I didn't pay much for this phone, and I was willing to bite the bullet and live with it. But what happened today was the clincher. Since I could not get the police phone # from 411, I tried to get it online. The browser window kept changing size all by itself. It was very cold and windy outside by the ocean, and you just can't see the screen in the daylight. Not really conducive to "Browsing" as we know it.But the real shock came when I gave up and tried to go OFF line, and stop the minute-eating-meter from ticking. I kept tapping "Close Browser" but it would not close. I was hammering it, but it would not close. It finally closed, after nearly 3 minutes of tapping. The same thing happened when I tried "End call" for the useless 411 feature, but that took over 5 minutes. The call simply would not end; the electronic woman just kept yammering on about how she did not understand me; I was ready to throw her and her whole outfit right into the water. I was finally able to just power off the phone. (When it happened again the next day, I actually had to pull the battery to make it stop.)After 5 minutes online and 7 minutes to 411, my balance was down by 50 minutes. Sort of like having a hole in your pocket, but you can't stop the leak.So I got home, went online and tried to transfer my number and minutes back to my old, trusty flip phone. But they have to send me a new Sim card for that. I really hope it gets here in time, since I only have 9 days to send the LG 840g back to Amazon.Maybe I got a lemon, but this phone is absolutely not ready for prime time. I may go back to sending smoke signals. I guess if you want an iPhone, you just have to buy and iPhone.

Easy to use, easy to see. Wi-Fi works great, Browser so-so. However, my main use is for calls, text, and the MP3 player. Otherwise, I am perfectly happy with this purchase and experience.

right off the git-go.  It would not recognize the SIM card 80% of the time.  I also added a 32Gb memory card that it would recognize about  the time.  It took four calls to TracFone before they would admit the 840's had problems.  Eventually, they sent me a refurbished replacement and it did work.  Now I have a refurbished one instead of the new one I paid for.  We have three other TracFones and generally have been happy with them except their service area in NC is quite flaky.  In NYS, where NO ONE has service, all of our TracFones shine.  Go figure.

I've been a Tracfone customer for a long time and this is, by far, the best phone I've used.  I've never had an iPhone but I can't believe it's that much better (well, except for the apps).  The 840G is packed with features yet is so easy to use.  I'm pleased with the photo and video quality.  If you need a phone that can do just about everything (short of supporting a lot of apps), this is the one for the price.

Like the phone - it's a whole lot better than the other one I had. Only problem is the manual they send with it really doesn't explain anything. If you want to know how to use the apps or set things up you need to go online and see what others have to say or download the real manual. And the customer service reps are REALLY hard to understand, especially if you need tech support.

I purchased a 840G to replace my 800G which stopped notifying me of calls after 6 months. Both my 800G and my wife's 800G worked fine with the sync system in our Fusion, but this phone will not sync. I contacted LG customer service and was informed that they couldn't help me with this problem. Before contacting LG, I notified Shop Cell Deals about the problem and the sent me a new 840G the same day because we thought the Bluetooth was defective, but the replacement does the same thing--it will not stay synced to my car, so I would advise against this phone if you have a Ford Sync system.I can't say enough about how impressed I am with Shop Cell Deals customer service and would highly recommend them and will buy from them again.Don R

My first 840G began to go black when I called someoneand wouldnt wake without turning it off and on- then it evencalled random contacts when I shook it- so it was replacedunder warranty by Tracfone. But how to transfer my contactsto the new phone- no help in instructions and even the TracfoneCS rep said it couldn't be done-but it can. Here's how- using BluetoothTurn on Bluetooth on each phone.Set My device- visibility to 3 minsearch new devices on each phoneafter they find each othergo to Contacts on old phonetouch menu square (in upper right corner of 840G contact screen)scroll down to- send contact infoclick phone and sim contactsselect bluetoothselect All contactsclick send- and  yespaired device- choose new phone (you may needed to set new phone to accept data)when they connect you will get a confirmation that data is senton the new phone Click yes when asked do you want to update?Hopefully this will save you the 3 hours of searching and trial and errorthat I spent on this fairly simple procedure.Note to Tracfone- why not show this procedure on one of your help screens?

I wanted to upgrade to a better unit. And this one definitely is an upgrade. HOWEVER, after 2 hours talking to just about everyone in India I find that I can't download the ringtones I want nor can anyone explain why not. Been a Tracfone user for 10+ years and have never had to deal wth this level of ineptness on their part. Shame on you Tracfone you should do better by your loyal clients. So my phone won't ring the way I want it to, it's still a step up from the past purse-dialing model I had before! I highly recomment the LG840G....1 ringy-dingy, 2 ringy dingy....

Nice phone but beware it will not go into Mass Storage mode and allow connection to a Mac. Only connects with Windows OS. Fortunately, my MacBook Pro has a built-in SD card reader. But that means I have to take the micro-sd card out of the phone, put it in an sd card adapter and put it in the laptop to transfer files, photos, music, etc. Kind of a pain. If you need a real smartphone, buy a Tracfone Android phone.

When I first wrote this review, I gave the tracfone company five stars on this phone. Since then there have been some developments that I feel you need to know about. Before I purchased this phone,I made a call to customer service at tracfone and I was told that if I used the wifi feature that my phone would not be charged for minutes. Today, I hooked up the wifi and attempted to send some pics to my email addy. The pics would not go through, but the phone was charged several minutes for the attempts. Eventually I was forced to call customer service to get to the root of the problem, as the pics would not go through. I ended up having to phone the company three times before I reached a tec person who understood the problem and was able to correct it. The first time I called, while following the instructions of the customer service rep, my phone was charged for just over fourteen minutes. The customer service rep at first flat out refused to replace those minutes, or the forty minutes that were eaten while I was trying to get it to work as instructed by their booklet to begin with. Instead she offered me 10 min. and claimed it was company policy not to replace more than ten minutes ever.( this was proven to be the second lie I was told by a customer service rep) Eventually, after the third call to get this problem corrected, the gentleman who was speaking with my son, (by then I had taken myself out of the equation as I was understandably a screaming mimi by then, lol) apologized to my son for the fact that I had been lied to, and he also replaced all of the minutes I had been charged.He was also able to finally correct the problem I was experiencing. I appreciate the fact that this man owned the fact that the company spokesperson had lied to me to begin with. How ever, that never should have been an issue. I do not believe that she told me this lie because she was inexperienced, as I had requested a manager when I called. So I know she knew what she was saying. It seems that if you want to use the wifi to send pics for free, you must first log into your email carrier account, and then send the picture that way. (I haven't tried this yet, so I am still not sure if it will avoid being charged for sending the pictures in this manner, but the gentleman gave my son the impression that this would be the best way to do it.) If you send pics through the messaging option, you will be charged, and depending on the size of the attachment, it could be a very hefty fee, All in all, I am satisfied with the phone, but I must say that when it took 3 calls to get an honest person on the line, and when it takes 3 calls to get a problem addressed properly, well that doesn't reflect well on the technical help at all.The fact that I was lied to in my first contact with the company does not reflect well on them either. I do have to admit however, that despite the problems encountered today, I still am happy I purchased this model, and I am happy with the phone. Just beware of customer service, and make it clear to whomever you speak with, if you have to call, that you want ALL of your minutes back when they are through walking you through the problems encountered. I would make sure you get that promise up front before allowing them to blow through your minutes while they make mistake after mistake on your behalf. Technical support really left a bad taste in my mouth, but that having been said, I do like the phone.Merry Christmas everyone, and good luck with your purchase. (By the way, these problems should in no way reflect upon Amazon, they had nothing to do with the problems I encountered with the tracfone company spokespersons.)

Seems to be a pretty good phone. But had problems with activation, couldn't get old number ported, people at support didn't understand English, had to get another SIM card. And call quality seems a bit fuzzy.  When my mom calls me, her caller id doesn't show up.The screen is bright and responsive, and easier on my mom's hands than her previous phone. Good signal strength. Good value. Will consider the initial problems to be anomalies.

In the beginning my husband had trouble with the minutes coming off at random.  He would take it off sleep mode and it would take minutes off his phone.  I had to call tracfone two times before they were able to correct the problem.  Now that it is working correctly, he really likes it.  Make sure you use wifi when you can.  It saves a lot of your minutes.

Bought this for my daughter (new Middle schooler)so she can call me in case of emergency or if her pick-up time changes.  She totally loves it and is not so complicated. It has everything a pre-teen needs.  It's about half inch shorter than an iphone and about the same thickness.  It works well for a smartphone, like I said, she loves it.  I saw the same phone at RadioShack for $60 so when I saw this on Amazon for almost half, I bought it.  The UNLIMITED triple minutes is a cool bonus, add the $15 gas gift card and it was a steal! Highly recommend at this price. 4* for not being able to connect to our 3G Mobile booster at home (nitpick), it is a tracfone after all.

I like it is like an iphone the only down side is that it takes only java games and apps but overall its a great phone to have.

I don't know if Tracfone's tech support people don't know how to solve problems or if they just don't understand English well enough, but it is very difficult to deal with them. If everything works perfectly, Tracfone is great, but if you need to call them, be prepared for a struggle.

Even with triple minutes, it costs so much more than my net10 phone, it didn't even pay to switch. Plus, downloading large files can apparently cost over 300 minutes. The settings menu and functions leave something to be desired, the send button is right under the keyboard tab, so I've wasted a lot of minutes accidentally sending blank texts.

triple minutes for life are a great deal.Specially if you have more than 1 tracfone and sign up for the family plan.Plenty of minutes and no expensive contract

I never got the triple minutes so many things I cannot get on radio stations and different web sites the wifi sucks

I am only rating this one star because I can't rate it negative.  If I could I sure would!  I spent HOURS on the phone with TracFone trying to restore the service on my old phone which they wiped out in order to transfer to this phone which wouldn't work.Bottom line--this phone couldn't be activated.

I bought prepaid airtime and only received double minutes instead of triple minutes, and it is too bad because I love this phone but was misguided.Elaine Heiss

This is a very nice phone for the pre-paid market. It has ample features that are easy enough to learn and use for even the most tech challenged.I especially like the capability of adding up to 32Gb of storage for music, photos and movies.I didn't give it a 5 star rating for 3 reasons; 1. the music player is a bit cumbersome 2. there are only a handful of apps available. 3. the browser is also cumbersomeOverall it is a great value for those who don't want to pay the high cost of the new iPhone or Android phones. The triple minutes feature is also a definite plus.

This Phone is very touchy , and did not like it very much. went back to my LG 800 which Is working fine for me... ..

This phone consumes too much power for the battery that came with it.  Purchase a new Onite 1500 mah hour battery and it was no better than the battery supplied with the lg-840-g.Will not be be buying a replacement for it.  Too much hassle.

I though the phone was going to be larger like the size of an galaxy phone. Then phone was (is) missing the back of the phone. So I still have to wait for ok to returned the item, gee hope I can. I don't want to lose any money.

I finally decided to drop Verizon after years of paying too much. I have no need for a smartphone so I chose this one due to its thin profile and the triple minutes deal.Overall I'm pretty happy with the phone. It has the usual useful features like alarm clock, calculator, camera, etc. It gets good reception everywhere I've used it (MI & AZ) and the sound quality is fine.The phone fits nicely in my pocket, even with the jelly skin cover on it. Unfortunately the cover makes it &#34;stick&#34; so its harder to remove. I suppose that is to be expected, though.The battery life is OK: I get about 6 days of normal use between charges. That's with no WI-FI or web browsing.This phone does have a browser & I had no problem getting it to work with my home network. All I can say is its better than nothing, but only slightly better. The screen resolution and size are just too small for it to be useful, at least for me.When the phone rings the touchscreen displays &#34;answer&#34; and &#34;ignore&#34; buttons. I have to be very careful pulling the phone out of my pocket to avoid hitting one of them. I've accidentally ignored and answered calls trying to get the phone out of my pants pocket. I'm getting better with practice, though.My biggest complaint about the phone is the contact list. Specifically, the alphabetical contact selection. The drop-down list is so tiny I almost never get the letter I was aiming for, even with my relatively small hands. Makes me really wish it had voice dialing!None of these things are deal-breakers, however. For a $40.00 no-contract phone you can't beat it.

This is no substitute for a real smartphone and anyone on here who says it is has never had a real smartphone.1. The touchscreen is not as sensitive as a premium glass screen on a high dollar phone so it won't recognize many of your taps forcing you to tap more then once.2. The web browser is excruciatingly slow making it pretty much unusable. If you had thoughts of surfing the web while waiting in the checkout line at Walmart, forget about it. By the time it even finds your web site, you'll be reaching for your wallet to pay.3. The web browser forces you to enter text by using the number pad. The whole reason I bought this phone was because I hate using a number pad to enter text.4. The screen resolution is horrible. Yeah, you can check Facebook on this phone if you're willing to wait forever to get your feed. But when you do, the screen quality is worse than a childs toy. The pictures and text look pixellated and fuzzy. It makes you forget about using the phone to look at Facebook or Twitter.5. Checking mail is convoluted. I was excited about getting my e-mail on the go. However, to do it, you have to go through like three or four screen before it finally checks. And it is so slooooww[...] Plus, the text is so big and the screen so small that you can barely see anything on the screen without doing a lot of scrolling (which is bad because the screen doesn't always recognize your touch).What did I like about the phone? You can text using a full landscape keyboard. That is MUCH better than texting with a keypad. Call quality was ok.So, in short, you won't want to do anything with this phone other than make calls and text.  Forget about web browsing or Facebook. But for a touchscreen phone, I expected alot more.

Phone was charging 9 minutes of usage time for every 30 SECONDS on the internet.  After numerous phone calls, was sent another phone and assured my lost minutes would be credited back.  New phone has same problem and never got lost minutes back.  Making calls is useless as representatives are in another country and speak very poor English.  I give up.  Time to get something else.

Good phone, easy to use for us older folk.  Would recommend to others who are looking for a phonethanks

Phone and service are both excellent! Very tuff to beat for the price. Bought a second phone for my wife.

Phone in use 5 weeks now and battery is dead every 26 hrs in STANDBY !!  Bought different batteries for same result. We like the phone but battery life is highly annoying.

Most of the phone is fine.  But the ringer is not nearly loud enough and I miss calls.  And the speakers are way too low.  I can not hear conversations well.  Do not use the browser - you take forever to get on. And the whole time, you are using minutes.

It is a sleeve and does what it supposed to do. my wife seems to be satisfied with it. OK

I bought this phone for my 6-year-old son to use at home in case of emergencies.  We don't have a home phone and my husband's cell is too plain and old to program (flip phone) and mine is too fancy for him to use (complicated to unlock screen, lots of apps, etc.).  This was PERFECT for him because the screen unlocks easily (just sweep your finger up once) and we were able to create a contacts screen so that he can easily call people--you can take a picture of someone with the phone's camera and then add an icon of their picture to the main screen to touch and quickly make calls to people you know.  It's easy for him to understand, and it's cheap for us to have because we don't have to worry about contracts, monthly bills or expensive calls (when the minutes are gone, they're gone and no extra or hidden fees to worry about).  This is the perfect size for him too.  I would recommend this phone to anyone (especially for the $30 price on Amazon since it's double that in stores).

Love this phone, easy to use, an  inexpensive  version of a smart phone. Price is good. Would recommend this phone to anyone

I've had my LG 840g for about a month and so far, this is a great phone.  The more I used it, the more I like it.  The size is perfect; not to big or small.  The touchscreen works well once you get use to it.  The screen is very clear and bright; nice graphics.  I have only used the owner's manual a few times because the controls are fairly easy.  The volume is loud and very adjustable; you can hear it ring from the other side of the house.  Battery life is fine.  Texting is easy and the keyboard is great; it's my favorite part of the phone. Unlike some other reviews, the Wifi has worked perfectly.  It took about 10 seconds to hook up with my wireless.  And so far, it has hooked up instantly with any unsecured wireless signal I've encountered in my travels; it's super.  Call quality is fine.  The address book is great.  The phone has lots cool features, and you can customize most of them.  The internet seems fine, but I have not used it much.  The email program is good.  Camera is easy but no flash.  No phone is perfect, but this one is pretty close. It can be a basic phone, or it can almost be a smart phone if you know how to customize it; it works and looks just like one.  Everyone thinks it is a smart phone and are surprised when I tell them its not.  Then they become jealous when I also tell them that I only paid $50 for it at Kmart and there is no monthly bill attached to it.  Thanks to LG and Tracfone for such a great product.

This phone does all that I want from it.  The triple minutes feature makes it a very affordable option to my needs.

This is a pretty good phone, and upgrade from the flip phone I had.  You do get a qwerty keyboard for texting, but not for entering internet addresses.  If you have wifi access, then you can access the internet without using minutes.  I was hoping to get a better signal inside my aluminum sided house than I had with my last phone, but it is actually a little worse with the 3G connection than I had before.  If you call or text a fair amount, the phone will need to be charged at least every  other night.

We ordered this phone for my husband. We can't believe how nice it is. This is the nicest phone he has had. Hard to believe it is a Trac phone. This triple minutes are perfect for him. Very Very Awesome phone! We show people and they are very impressed.

Great phone, wife liked it so much that I ordered her one also....upgraded from the trac phone LG 440G which was just awful.

great phone.... and a great plan/option for a phone service once you get thru some glitches..my huge complaint is that both the website and customer phone service are pretty bad... the website had alot of endless buggy loops and basically wouldn't seem to accept my canadian credit cards. then the phone customer service took 8 or 9 tries to get the name of my street correct. it is about as difficult a name as windsor, riley or fuller. unbelievable and it was strange as the guy's english was correct. no accent just a lilt.anyway, while i was working thru my details with the customer service my phone died due to no minutes. the phone should be loaded with more minutes initially. customer phone service is very very slow.i eventually looked up phone card on internet and went to safeway to buy a prepaid card. got the card and put in the pin number. voila the minutes loaded immediately...... and the TRIPLE MINUTES loaded automatically too.long distance just seems to count same cost-wise as local minutes. you have to phone a toll free number and key in the long distance number. didn't list any restrictions on where you could phone long distanceso basically great phone, shoddy customer service which you can get around by buying prepaid card at tons and tons of name bricks and mortar retailers. triple minutes seem to load automatically. long distance is same cost as local time which is very very nice.edit: should add that the b&M; phone cards that were available were exactly the same as many of the online offers. i.e. you didn't get a worse per minute price because it was b&M; retail and not online. might have been a few more options online but they weren't much better than the b&m; offers, if even better at all. just more choices online.....

This was a treat and a bargain to get triple minutes was truly a wonderful bonus.  It got me off to a great start with my new phone!

I have only had this phone for about 4 days to date but I decided to write my review on what I have seen and used so far. I decided to move to using  Tracfone service where you purchase minutes as needed vs. paying monthly for a set amount of voice and/or data time as I had been in the past and this phone seemed to be a good choice for me. My old LG phone was quite a few years old but it still worked pretty well on my old carrier's system for making and receiving calls.The first thing that impressed me with Tracfone was the phone number port transfer operation. Tracfone did the  moving of my old cell phone number over from my old cell service/phone to this one. It went very well and only took around 3 hours to complete. I then worked with customer service and got my phone activated. After entering several code numbers they gave me I could here my phone come to live next to me.  And  I think the only reason I needed to do that extra step was I purchased my phone elsewhere. My guess is phones purchased directly from Tracfone are pre-setup for the most part when they arrive at your house. Signal strength around my home area is pretty good and seems to correlate with the service maps I looked at before deciding to buy this phone/service.My first LG 840G test was its Bluetooth compatibility with my car. After putting a couple of contacts into my new phone  I paired the phone up with my car's Toyota Bluetooth interface in less that a minute. I then found that I could even copy my phone's contact/address book information to my car's memory. That is something I couldn't do with my other old service which placed some restrictions/locked some phone functions such as copying data to or from my old phone. My first Blue tooth call with the LG 840G while driving was quite clear and worked well. The call recipient who i found out was actually out of town when I called said the call quality was quite clear on his end also.  on my end I didn't see any difference from the earlier test call I had made from this phone while standing in my house. And considering I was driving during the Bluetooth call, I was pretty pleased.Although I seldom texted in the past on my old phone (partly because I would have to use its standard mechanical phone dial buttons just to create a text) I tested this phone's text capability by sending a text to a friend. It seemed like it sent it as it told me I was charged the standard text charge of .3 minutes of call time. Later I got a return text from that friend saying he had indeed received my text. As they say 'Life is good'.  I do not believe that everyone who gets this phone ends up with ATT as their backer company as I did however. I'm not sure what decides who you get. Maybe it is the area you live in?I haven't tried setting up email yet. I don't plan on using that regularly per say but would like to set it up and test it just once so that if needed in an emergency it will be there. There are a few other features in this Java-based phone such as a 2M camera and I think you can even capture a small video if desired. The phone comes with a 2Gb memory card installed. Remember this is not a smart phone and it really should not be compared to one. There are some things like extra ringtones, etc. that can be purchased on line at Tracfone but all purchases are paid for by 'phone wampum'. ( purchases are paid for by using some of your previously purchased calling minutes).  The phone operates on a 3G network for me around here. It also has a Wi-Fi connection that can be enabled when one wants to use that. I haven't tried that out yet but will eventually do so by setting it up to connect to my home Wi-Fi .So if you just want a decent basic phone with some extra communication features this may be a good choice for you. If you get it I would recommend also buying a protective cover for it in case you accidently drop it. Unlike my very old tank-like LG flip phone this smaller, lighter phone may be  better off with a little protection around it just in case. I got a Dynamic Hybrid Tuff Hard Case  for mine which I like a lot, but there are many different options out there.So if you are in to buying minutes and service time in advance and aren't looking for a mobile computer-like phone you may just want to check this one out. Sure it's not perfect, nothing ever is, but I'm pretty happy with its basic functionality so far and especially now knowing that any left over call time as well as service time simply will add into the next call card that I purchase and is not gone forever like the unused allotted monthly minutes in my old service's monthly plan. I almost forgot; this phone triples the minutes purchased in any offered Tracfone plan for the life of the phone. It'd be hard to pass this up for that feature alone. So if you do decide to get this phone I really think you'll enjoy it !

This problem has been resolvedd to my satisfaction.  But, my paperwork said I was getting a &#34;new&#34; phone and instead I got a refurbished one.  Had agreed to keep it and they reimbursed part of the purchase price.  However, then discovered that the phone would not work at all, so I returned it for a full refund.  I have been very pleased with purchases I have made through Amazon.

Much improved performance in low signal strength areas over the LG800 which would permanently go to sleep when it lost signal for any length of time.  Will not display as high a resolution scanned image as LG800 but this is a minor annoyance.  The capacitive touch screen is easier to use.

Purchased the phone to replace my mother's old tracfone.  I think it's nice, but she is finding it difficult to turn on and off.  The jelly cover I purchased with it, doesn't help.  She has difficulty seeing where the on/off button is, because there is no contrast between the bump for the button and the rest of the cover.  Take into consideration that she's 86.

I bought this phone to replace the Samsung phone I had because the phone liked to dial 911 for no reason. This phone has everything that I want in a phone and the reception is very good too.

I had a very old phone and find that this new phone is much less intimidating to use it is a much easier phone to use over all

LG 840G Prepaid Phone With Triple Minutes (Tracfone)I purchased this phone because the keys on my 2004 Nokia were beginning to fail. All my kids and their spouses have smartphones using regular carriers (Verizon, AT&T;, etc.) and although they discouraged me from continuing Tracfone service, it had always worked for me, the price with triple minutes was attractive and with this phone, I thought I would be able to join in the fun as we all sit in the family room working our "thumbs" together (doesn't anyone talk anymore?). Well, as other reviewers have pointed out, this is NO Smartphone! I really didn't expect a Smartphone, but I expected it to at least be a "phone"! In my experience, Tracfone has always been a difficult company with which to work but, but now, I have this LG840G which won't pull in a signal in places where my 2004 NOKIA had always worked! You'd think reception would be better than old Nokia, yes? Or, at least equal to a 9 year old product...but it isn't. When these minutes run out, I'm done with Tracfone! The price is nice and I like the no contract approach, but the products and poor service are simply not worth the effort!

I have had many tracfones over the last 8 years, with my last phone the LG800g. This phone is far superior to the LG800g.  It has everything I need.

Now I can text.  Senior citizen and my grandkids keep asking me to update my old phone.  Easy to useLove it

Comes with 2 games, fully touchscreen capability.  Bought a &#34;gel&#34; soft case and screen protector kit to go with it, and works very well.  The on/off button is on the top right (where you would find it on a Ipod/Iphone, not the circle button, but the rectangular on/off button)  I have had no problems whatsoever in &#34;accidentally&#34; turning it on/off (seeings as you have to hold it down, and then touch the screen in specific location to turn it &#34;off.&#34;)  It is easy to access both on/off and volume, without being &#34;too easy,&#34; as to accidentally activate, especially with the gel cover.  It also has a slide to unlock feature (slide the bar up instead of sideways), I do not see how you could accidentally turn your phone on.  Furthermore, the &#34;slide to unlock&#34; screen stays on for about 3sec. before disappearing (should you &#34;accidentally&#34; unlock the phone.)  Suffice it to say, you pretty much have to &#34;intend&#34; to unlock the phone to use it, no accidents there.  Yes, you can access the internet with its 3g wifi, but, honestly?  If you want to &#34;surf the web,&#34; buy a &#34;real&#34; smartphone or a computer or tablet or something.  No tracphone is intended for that use.  This tracphone will also replace my Ipod Touch as I can get a 32gb hard drive for $25, including the USB hookup and a flash drive, and upload my music from my computer onto it.  So yes, if you want a very nice &#34;smartphone&#34; that is still a tracphone and doesn't cost much at all, this is for you.  If you want something that can browse the web like your computer and download all sorts of apps like &#34;angry birds,&#34; and so forth, then you have to dish out that $50+ a month to get it.  You get what you pay for. ::)

We do like this phone. The only negative is that we aren't able to call certain people's numbers, but yet are able to text them. We have checked on both ends with each company's customer service and no one seems to know why. The numbers we can't call, they can call us however. This makes me believe it is Tracfones end. I have another family member who has this EXACT model and they can't call certain people either. If we could call anyone, then I would have given it 5 stars.The shipping was very quick and like the triple minutes.

still learning, but doing O.K.

I have had so many problems with this phone.  The blue tooth is un-predictable.  Sometimes it connects and other times is is OK.  When on a call, the screen blanks out and it is so hard to pull up the dial pad to enter numbers.  It makes it difficult to get the screen to come up to change the speaker phone selection.  When adding to my cars blue tooth, the phone book will not download.  Other devices I use work great.

I'm satisfied with the phone, especially the triple minutes. Was recommended to me and will recommend to friends and family.

Well, I do not have much to say about the phone yet.  I brought it as a gift but it seemed nice in the package.

The phone is okay. Call quality isn't terrific but is acceptable. As others have said, it is not a smartphone, but it does have some nice features that put it above a basic clamshell phone. BUT ... BUT ... BUT be really sure you have good signal coverage from TracFone. I had a Verizon phone with excellent signal. My wife has a Sprint phone with excellent signal. And at our same location, with TracFone? Usually NO signal. Same house, same locations as the others. Bummer!

Say goodbye to all your contacts and don't even think about getting gmail. I am not about to load 100+ contact numbers from my smartphone and gmail. It does not recognize my contact list on my sim card.This is ONLY a phone and MP3player. Nothing more.If it didn't take 4 days to get my phone number ported and activate this (explanative deleted) phone, and someone threw away the box it came in, I would be returning it.

I really enjoy this phone. I had a older track phone and this one is great. A lot of good features and easy dialing with large numbers that you can see. I'm 70 years old and it is nice to see larger numbers. Also really like the sound and speaker phone on it where you don't have to put it up to your ear to hear or speak.Charlie W.

Since moving to the mountains, I have no cell phone reception, so instead of my $180/mo. shared plan, we got 2 of these phones for those times when we're away from home.  This is the best prepaid phone I've seen - far better than the basic Tracfone we initially got.

My first 2 cell phones were just 'basic' models so this is quite different for me.  I transferred my minutes/days and number from my double min cell to this triple min cell.  The transfer took a day to go thru before it could be activated.  The activation started out easy enough but then on about the 3rd screen it wouldn't take the 'code'.  I tried calling the 'help' center but couldn't get them.  I went back and started the process of 'code' entries over again and this time it went one step further and then back to the 'unaccepted' code screen.  I shut it off and started again and it went another step further - so I kept repeating the process and finally the full activation went thru.  Be sure to shut it off between the coding steps.Setting up the various options with the touch screen was 'fairly' simple and choosing the 'old fashioned ring' is nice and loud and you definitely can tell it's the phone ringing and not something on tv.  It also lets you choose the print size of all the menu's so it's the first phone I can read without a magnifying glass.  Love that it lets you put your 'favorite' contact icons on the opening screen so you don't have to go thru the list to call them.The touchscreen can be set for sensitivity and tone and the on-screen keyboard set to large works out great for me.  Would definitely recommend this phone.

The phone is not functioning. The battery may be defective. Also unable to send pictures because no available memory. Very disappointed.

The large touch screen is great. Doesn't have buttons to accidently push and take you where you don't want to go. Has many more features that my last Tracfone had. The Tracfone manual isn't any good because it doesn't tell you much, you will have to download the manual from LG's web site to learn about all the features and how to operate the phone.

I ordered three phones for different family members and we were all very happy with the quick service and with the items we ordered. We have used older Tracfones and have always been happy.

Receives WiFi at free sites, but will not receive over WiFi at home modem/router WiFi.  After spending numerous hours with internet provider Charter, Tracfone customer service, Apple Customer Care, LG phone customer-all claim that it's the others problem-Tracfone is the worst customer service and lower level customer service reps are clueless regarding NO WIFI RECEPTION OVER HOME WIFI.  So be careful if you use browser without WiFi because you will be charged minutes.  The problem is well documented with various users of LG840 since the phone first came out on several web sites.  Tracfone is remiss and totally incompetent in regard to this problem.  Otherwise phone does have good features and very much better than earlier flip phones.  Called today, they say they are unaware of the problem, despite hundreds of inquiries on the internet from LG840 users dating back several months,want to send me another phone so will try but don't have any confidence that it will solve the Apple Airport Express WiFi compatablity with LG840 phone.

This is a neat little phone and is great for voice or text.  Trouble is that the Internet service is terrible (and expensive).  I spent 5 minutes online trying to get weather info.  Got charged 15 minutes by Tracfone for that session.  The service was so slow and so bad that I never even got the weather info I wanted.  It just kept trying to load.  If you want a nice phone for voice or text on a prepaid plan, this is it.  If you hope to do anything online, forget it.

I have used TrakPhone's for years this is my 4th phone. I have always got good signal service and great customer service. The only reason I have been through 4 phones is because I upgrade as new and better features become available.I am not a heavy user so the annual plan with triple minutes serves me well. I have never run out of minutes, I just buy minutes once a year, they roll over unused minutes for you. My cell phone bill averages about 7 dollars per month. For me this is the only way to go.

I &#34;played&#34; with the phone for awhile using the browser on wi-fi just to see how it worked for me. A little frustrating at first (especially the touch&#34;)  but it gets better. For me it will take some time to learn all about it but at present I'm happy. I don't text so no comment about that.I wish the online manual and the various tutorials were a little more helpful, I prefer written instruction and much is on &#34;U-Tube&#34;, hard to follow.

the difficulty with the phone was in the faulty chip which did not allow for proper e-mailing out. e-mail input was ok. another problem  was the demand by the faultychip to introduce the number one prior to the area code each time a phone number was typed-in or introduced via using the contact icon. such problems were very disturbing and could not be remedied after spending several hours with a Tracfone techician. i give a PLUS to there willingness to help solve the problems. the final conclusion was a bad chip. yes i will try another Tracfone.

Upgraded from LG800 and this is so much better.  Had no problems with downloading music on it. Touch screen is larger and easier to use.

This is my third Tracfone, and I am very satisfied with its features, especially considering the low price of only about $45, which included shipping and handling.  It has a lot of features for a very cheap prepaid cell phone, and so far I have had no trouble doing anything it is capable of doing.  To get the most out of this phone, you really have to use the tutorials on Tracfone's website and also find a link to download and save a pdf of the phone's manual.  But that is relatively easy and not even uncommon for gadgets today, even those that cost far more.  If you are in an area with good Tracfone coverage, and are comfortable using a touchscreen to accomplish things, you will probably find this phone as satisfying as I did.

For the money and for 75% of my use of it, it works just fine. Unfortunately, for the other 25%, not so good.One of my key uses is while driving. I use a wireless bluetooth Motorola speaker/mike for hands free. It worked great with my previous LG flip phone. I could activate with voice commands "Call TK Pizza" and the LG flip dialed it. All voice and response was through the speaker/mike. Completely hands free. Not any more.  The LG840G has bluetooth capability but won't do voice commands through my Motorola speaker/mike and apparently, most other speaker/mike devices too. I don't even see a way to dial via voice commands with just the phone.  This is a killer. When my minutes run out, I will be going back to my LG flip or hope that Trackphone has introduced something better.WiFi - one of the main reasons I decided to purchase this phone.  I travel a lot. WiFi is available in airports, restaurants, hotels, everywhere. So this would be great. I could email and get information without using minutes. Unfortunately, it sounds better then what it really is. First of all, connection to WiFi was easy. No problem. Then the issues become apparent. The browser function included is tedious and extremely slow. The screen size is too small and the resolution is too low to be usefull for browsing. You definitely need to go to the mobile version of a site you are interested at looking at. Even that doesn't always help. The screen view won't flip from vertical to horizontal if you move the phone that way. So you can't even get a proper perspective. I don't see a way to do that manualy either though there may be an option.Volume - When listening to a call I have to turn it way up to hear clearly and my hearing is fine. If your hearing is so so, stop now and look for a different phone. The LG840g on speaker however, sounds pretty good. The microphone is also decent. Folks I call have told me how clear I sound on it.Querty keyboard? Sort of. Another reason I bought the LG840 was to get away from the number/letter multi-key strike to set up new contacts etc. It turns out that the keyboard appears for various functions on the LG840G but not for all. Contrary to what some have said, you can use it to set up contacts. However, it's not easy.  "First Name" - select the input type from the option window in the upper right hand corner - keyboard. Low an behold, the keyboard shows up but you have to flip the phone horizontal to use it!  "Last Name" - flip the phone vertical and do the same selection for keyboard and flip horizontal - TEDIOUS! Again, low resolution and this is no smart phone. It's a dumb phone that looks smart.The bottom line - the LG840G looks good. That is the main idea. From a functionality standpoint, it isn't that much better. It was made to appear like a contemporary Android or Apple phone. Appearances are everything you know. Sorry no. This phone is not even a step up from my previous LG flip and I actually have lost some important (to me)functionality.  All this being said, it's still worth the money for what you get but next time I will look harder at some of the other tripple minute phones.

My wife and and I chose these phones just to be able to figure out who is picking up the kids and when.  The reception is horrible, and there are additional features we will never use, however now that we have triple minutes we can buy a cheaper phone with better reception and stay on our plan.

It's not an iPhone but for 28 bucks it well worth it. After a little hacking I managed to get rid of the crappy JAVA navigation and replace it with a decent keyboard. Now I know why they call ANGRY BIRDS angry birds, I almost punched my kid!!! LOL JK Sorta... It even includes a 2GB SD card so you can download 3800 games and apps for free off the Piratebay and away you go into the world of JAVA phone fun. The browser stinks but Opera mini works great. The WIFI option works a charm to save your minutes whenever you are in WiFi range. A little more hacking and I should be able to port my magic jack through this thing for free in and out phone wherever there's WiFi also. Cool little phone all in all.

Brought this phone for my daughter I love that it comes with the triple minutes I don't have to pay a monthly bill and the minutes last as long as there on their. Awesome buy for me

Very good, but not perfect, because the sound of people talking is not very loud, even turned up all the way .but it runs good and with the $10. a month (50 minute)  plan I actually get 150 minutes which is enough for me.

Just wish that they made a skin or case for it. It does everything I want it to do and it looks good.

i like the phone however finding someone who knows  which micro memory card upgrade can be a problem . it would be nice if local retailers knew the products they sell and the upgrades

I'm gettng to know this phone.  It's relatively easy to use.  The computer activation with Tracfone was remarkably smooth.  I transfered a phone number and existing minutes to my new phone seamlessly.

I bought it in December and it broke in May and it's too late to send it back.  I would not buy a phone again from someone I can't contact and return it to or at least get some compensation for it.  Waste of money.

Bought this as a present to replace an older tracfone. So far performs well and the screen is easy to use. Very easy set up and feels and looks more expensive than it was. In fact the touchscreen is more responsive than my Sony touch. Cant go wrong here and as always Prime delivery was on the very date stated, even despite the holiday period.

I have used Tracfone forever. I wanted a newer &#34;smart phone&#34; style that had the standard features of camera, video camera, phone service and email. This has it and it works fine.  Nothing spectacular, but a lot of folks are not looking for spectacular! Just a reminder, most TracFones, including this model, DO NOT have Internet access.  This DOES NOT. It allows you to go to their &#34;Browser&#34; button but you can only buy new ringtones, play games that are preformatted by TracFone. You CANNOT surf the WWW.  I mainly wanted an updated phone that I could take pictures with. I would recommend the add on package with the 3 different chargers (car, wall and phone-to-computer charger to load your pictures) that is available at the bottom of the description.  Nice phone, Does what it says.

Really nice phone....I believe one reviewer said this model is the last step towards going full-on 'smart phone' which I refuse to do! I don't want all those bells and whistles--this phone has all I need as I don't use it for my job. It looks more sophisticated and current. Very happy with it. Don't be pressured to buy into smart phone usage; if you really don't need it, why pay the high costs????

What it isn't is a smart phone. Does a great job of making calls and sending text. Just what I wanted it for.However I didnt get triple minutes with it, only double minutes. That's why only 4 stars.

There is no way to undue certain selections on this phone except to re-set it, and the short cuts across the bottom of the screen only work on the first screen, the call, message, contacts and four square are the only things that work. There is no touch screen response for the rest. The short cuts have to be set in a different way. Any incoming calls unlock the phone, and then all kinds of things happen, like pocket dialing, and other involuntary selections that burn through minutes.I have poured through the on-line/PDF owners manuals many times searching for the answers to the issues I ran into with this phone. Also I viewed several UTube videos, which are very helpful in other ways for this phone. Just not how to turn off the world time, or how to activate the lower touch screen.There is one more kind of frustrating thing the screen doesn't motion sense and readjust for landscape or upright usage the screen setting for texting can be set for landscape, but then needs to be reset if a change is needed.There are no cases that fit this handset yet, just skins. Screen protectors yes, but no way to attach a strap to the phone, normally I don't drop my phones but this one has been hard to handle, and has been dropped several times in the last month I've been using it.And forget messaging if you have large thumbs, this phone is a two handed necessary operation. It has T9 if you really like that option. Doing anything quickly on this phone leads to the software getting confused.I am a University student so WiFi should come up when I'm on campus but no recognizable networks are listed. I am not a Luddite when it comes to cell phones; I'm disappointed with this phone. I really wish I could return this one, but Amazons policies don't allow for it once item is opened. So if the software for this phone is the problem, which I believe it is, a replacement phone is of no use.

It's the best Tracfone I've had but there are some issues which is why I didn't give it a higher rating.  I can't download my photos to the computer.

I never figured something so small would be so smart. This is one great phone if you like icons and have small fingers. Takes getting use to, but once you master it, it's FUN and its always nice to get triple minutes too.. Recommend this w/o any reservation... Enjoy having fun while talking!

great product, does just what I wanted of lmy phone.  Downside is that the touch screen is super sensitive.I would rcommend it however

Tracfone just started deducting a minute to GET the text and then .30 to open it......????Browser use is rough, to say the least.

I bought this to replace my LG800G and I do like this better.  The touchscreen is very sensitive, but the wifi is a nice feature.

I have had Tracfone since 1996. My last 2 phones,  I would give 10 stars as there is NO where I could go without having service. This is my 3rd  phone. I like the updated features from my 10 year old phone; however, I have always had great reception everywhere; however, this does NOT have the same reception for some reason. There are a LOT of places I go where I can no longer get service. I am also getting a lot of pop ups about my sims card not registered or not active when I try to turn on my phone in an area with little reception. That is VERY frustrating. The internet does work, but what is the point in pulling up ring tones, the internet lets you see ringtones you can buy; however, your internet does not let you listen to the ringtones. I think I will try this out for a little while longer but I will end up going somewhere else. This didn't live up to my expectations.

We, my sons and I love this phone. I am a devoted Tracfone customer and with the triple minutes this was the perfect phone.

Just got this phone, unable to use it because the sim number is wrong. Even thought there web site said it would work in my area. They will send a new sim card in 3-5 days. Also the customer service from Tracfone is not that great. Could not understand the person on the phone.

When our phone arrived we tried to activate it.  We were told that it would might take an hour.  When it was still not working the next day we called again and was told it might take up to 48 hours.  After 5 days and multiple phone calls we were finally told that we needed a new sim card and that it would take 3-5 days to arrive.  It took less time to get the phone in the first place.  The people doing technical support could not answer any questions that deviated from the &#34;script&#34; they follow.  At one point I was disconnected after asking for a manager or supervisor to speak to.  Talking with them was one of the most frustrating experiences I have ever encountered with any company.  Don't buy Tracfone.  I won't ever again.

This is a great phone. It's a touch screen and its nice and compact. I bought for my 12 year old son and he loves it. I would recommend for a kid who needs a phone but you don't want to spend a lot of money for one.

I'm not liking this phone as much as my earlier LG800 model.  This is supposed to be an upgrade, but it has fewer things that matter to me than my previous phone, especially with the texting.  There are many things that are annoying to me, and I find myself wondering if  those changes were made purposely because they end up costing me more time and money.  This phone also makes accidental calls way too often.  I can't figure out how to prevent that.  It just isn't as &#34;user friendly&#34; as I would like.  I'm just not as happy with it.

The times I have used the Internet are expensive.  Friends send pics!, very expensive to accept and download.Otherwise great.

I had a LG500G and switched to the LG840G phone. The LG840G Phone is easier to text with and has a bigger screen then my old LG500G. The battery life is less then the LG500G. Moving contacts to this phone was a pain. I had to use blue tooth to transfer the contacts, because the LG840G did not recognize the csv file from my old LG500G phone. The battery life is about a day for me; my average day is about 20 texts and about 4 10-15 minute calls. This is not a smart phone, it does have 3G, and I don&#8217;t use the web browser so I don&#8217;t have any experience with 3G and battery drain, but the 3G is on all the time. The plus side is I went from double minutes to triple minutes. So if you&#8217;re looking for a phone that is better then a basic phone and not a smart phone, to text and to make calls this is a nice phone.

Needed to update my phone. I don't use my cell as much anymore and I was tired of buy $30 phone cards every month and not hardly using it. With this phone I get triple minutes and I don't feel like I'm throwing away my money! Very nice phone. Love it!

After being a Verizon Wireless customer for YEARS, I'm wondering why I didn't jump ship sooner. I had wasted SO much money. Our bill was always over $200, sometimes $350, ridiculous! And even after I gave up my smart phone for a Samsung old flip phone, my bill was still $90/month. Wow.Anyway I have this now for a week and I just love being in control and paying only for what I use. In my line of work (I'm a graphic designer), I'm always in front of a desktop or a laptop anyway and trying not to be online when I'm away from work, so I have no need for a data plan. I don't need a smart phone with a data plan, just really need a decent-looking phone that is not a flip phone and this works for me. I'm happy that I will not get a bill, not tied to contracts, and no hidden surcharges. So refreshing.An update:So, the above was my review in the brief time I've owned the phone. And here's an update: I still like the phone because well the one it replaced was a Sprint flip phone. I changed my rating from 5 stars to only 3 stars now which is the median because whenever I receive a text, that's sometimes even broken up to more than 3 texts for some reason, well it removes .30 seconds per text I receive. So 2 texts received equals to one minute spent, and even though I'm hardly on the phone and I monitor my use tightly, it seems I end up spending about $29.99 worth of minutes every 2 weeks, so about $50 to $60 a month, mostly coming from unwanted incoming texts, ugh.To remedy this, I went to the tracfone website (did this tonight), and signed up for a value monthly plan, it seems the cheaper way to go..

I have a lot of great things to say about this phone. First, I'll tell you a little about me so you can get an idea of where this review is coming from. I'm a 30 year old guy, and I've loved technology all my life. My family got our first computer when I was about 5 in the 80s, so I got started from a young age and it has just continued since then. I'm a geek of sorts and have always been somewhat obsessed with phones of all types. I've a vast amount of knowledge from both research and personal experience. Between prepaid and postpaid accounts, different carriers, etc... I've probably had close to 20 cell phones already!Naturally, smartphones are my current obsession. I currently have the iPhone 5 with Verizon. I love the phone, love the service... and hate the price tag. Even with a hefty 22% corporate discount, my bill still runs me almost $78, with another $5 in local taxes and fees. $80/month is about standard for an individual smartphone plan these days... and compared to standard pricing for Verizon and AT&T;, it's actually a good deal. However, after being laid off recently and seeing the pitiful size of my unemployment benefits, I have been forced to reconsider my finances. In comes the LG 840G.In an effort to save money, I started contemplating suspending my service with Verizon for 90 days, saving myself that $80/month, and living off my old prepaid phone with a ton of minutes on it. However, my old prepaid phone was an absolute nightmare to use, especially when texting. So I did some research and decided on this model, because of the touch screen and other features while still having a very reasonable price. I opted to pay $60 at Family Dollar instead of $40 on Amazon, because I wanted the ability to return the phone without losing out on shipping costs.So, finally starts my actual review of this item! Keep in mind, even though it's touch screen and has the icon layout of a smartphone, IT IS NOT A SMARTPHONE. However, for being a feature phone (or "dumb phone"), this phone is actually quite impressive. I enjoy using it and messing around with it, even while having my iPhone 5 sitting right next to me. Granted, that's because it's new to me and anything new is always fun... but I could seriously see myself using this phone regularly if I wasn't locked into a contract with Verizon.The touch screen is fairly accurate and not a pain to use, except when swiping through the icon list. The animation of the pages changing slows down the phone because it isn't that powerful, and if you swipe too quickly, sometimes the page won't change and you have to try again. You get used to it though and within a day, I didn't even notice it anymore. Texting isn't too bad either, especially considering the tiny size of this screen. Like I said, it's pretty accurate. You just can't speed text either though, because the auto correct on this phone is not nearly as accurate or helpful as it is on smartphones. All in all, it's still very usable -- and that says a lot coming from someone who usually uses smartphones.The features on this phone were also pretty nice. WiFi on a basic phone seems crazy to me -- but it's very nice to have, especially on prepaid so you don't burn through your minutes on data. The phone can use apps, but only Java apps. What that equates to is this: remember browsing mobile web on your flip phone in the early/mid 2000s? The apps and browser on this phone are pretty much just like that, except your using a touch screen instead of keys. Mostly text with an occasional small graphic here and there. Facebook is the only thing I HAD to have on my phone... and luckily, as soon as I loaded Facebook in the browser, it notified me that there was an app I could download. It's very basic, and somewhat slow... but you can still see all your Facebook content, and you still have an impressive set of features for such a basic phone. I could still check in, check my notifications, like statuses/comments, send inbox messages... if you're not obsessed with Facebook or smartphones and just want to use it occasionally, this would definitely be enough for you.The rest of the features on the phone aren't bad either. For being a basic phone, the music player operates well and has a decent volume and sound quality coming from the external speaker. It also has a standard headphone jack, which is a great feature -- you don't have to get an adapter for headphones. Just plug in your existing pair and jam away! However, keep in mind this is not a very powerful phone... so if you insert a 16 GB microSD card full of music and photos, the phone will take longer to sort through everything. It doesn't freeze up the phone immediately or anything... but once you open the Music Player or Photos option, it will say "Loading" while checking the microSD card, and you have to wait for at least 30-60 seconds before it finishes and begins operation. However, once the music player gets going, it operates fine and stops lagging. Photos, on the other hand, is never speedy. Each photo takes a few moments to load and the app overall is tedious and time consuming. But then again, that's probably ok for most because this phone wasn't designed for photographers. :)Call quality is decent -- but keep in mind it's a GSM phone, and GSM call quality is inherently poorer quality than CDMA. Voices aren't quite as crystal clear as they are on Verizon... but I had no problem understanding anyone, and the volume levels available for the earpiece were more than adequate. The speaker phone is also fairly decent. The volume didn't get quite as loud compared to using it on the earpiece, but it will still be totally usable unless you're in a very loud environment. The mic on this phone picks up your voice fairly loud though... when recording my voice mail greeting, I held the phone about 4-5 inches away from my face so it didn't sound like I was yelling! Speakerphone quality is good in that respect -- my voice was recorded at a more normalized level when using speakerphone, but very loud when using the phone traditionally.Battery life, as to be expected with a dumb phone, is pretty great. I played around with the phone for hours and hours the first night I got it, and after sitting overnight without charging, it was still 2/3 full the next day.Overall, this is a great phone. If you're expecting a smartphone, it will disappoint you... but if you want a basic phone that works well and has a lot of nice little extra features, and a touch screen to boot, this is the one for you. All the other positive reviews aren't lying! If your expectations are reasonable for this phone, you will probably love it.** Something to note: TracFone customer service reps are notoriously outsourced and poorly trained. As a result, the language barrier compounded with the lack of proper training (or competency?) makes customer service a nightmare. SOLUTION: If you are having a problem finding resolution by calling, message TracFone via Facebook. I saw someone mention this online and tried it, and they messaged me back willing to help within 15 minutes -- ON A SUNDAY. I had waited overnight for this new phone to be activated and still nothing. After replying with the new phone's serial number as requested, she messaged me back within 20-30 minutes and asked that I power cycle the phone and try a test call. Not only did the phone work, but I was assigned a new number as I had requested! That was a big deal to me, because I had tried to change it previously, I was without a phone for three days and when it finally started working again, I had the same number! Obviously, I would assume you can't message them on Facebook for every little question or with things of a confidential nature, but if you have tried and failed with phone support, it doesn't hurt to give them a shout on Facebook.

Purchased this phone for my daughter as her first cell phone.  She loves it, and works wonderfully for our purposes.  Only complaint I would have is that it doesn't have quite as good service as my own cell phone.  Overall though, for the price it is a great phone, and love the triple minutes!

I upgraded from the older version of this phone,and wasn't expecting it to be so responsive.This is a quality phone for anyone who is looking for a basic phone to call and text. The fact that it was under $50 was a bonus.

Phone arrive on time. Works well. Took a while to activate it but no problems since. Works as advertised. Excellent buyfor the price.

Seems to work fine and does a lot of the same things my sons expensive phone does. On lineowners manual a must for those of us going from a flip phone to a touch screen. Enclosed manualbarely has the basics.

I bought 4 of these LG phones which were supposed to have triple minutes for life and none of them do. I spent 2 hours on the phone with tracfone and all they tell me is that it is NOT a triple minutes phone!

Phone is very inadequate poor signal reception and the volume is too low. I had better signal strength and quality with my 9.99 trac flip phone. I would not buy this again,ever.

It doesn't state that I remember that it comes with a charger, but it does. My son likes the phone says it is a whole lot better than the 800G he had. That phone went completely crazy on him so this was a replacement. He is totally satisfied

My teenage son bought this for himself.  It was very easy for him to set up and transfer his phone # from his old phone.  He likes the features and is very happy with his purchase.

The Bluetooth does not work with a 2011 Toyota, 2009 Honda, BlueAnt, or Garmin, the area I live in requires hands free in a moving vehicle, possibly could use an ear piece but why should I when I have nav in three vehicles.  The WiiFi does not work with Century Link due to no advanced settings.  The ring tones are very low at max.  The screen is very touchy.  On the positive side the MP3 player is very good and voice quality is OK.  If you are looking for a semi smart phone this is a real dumb choice. Will keep it due to beyond return date--use the MP3 player and go back to my old flip phone.  Also customer support from TracPhone is nonexistent--actually none for phone problems and say that it is non returnable for Bluetooth problems.  TracPhone may be cheap but that is exactly what it is cheap in all respects. Due yourself a favor do not buy this piece of junk.  Also LG will not give you customer support on this product.

This cell is very delicate and is definitely not a 3g. Can't access the web, it takes forever. When an android tracfone comes out I'll get it, this one is just to simple and I can't find a case for it either. Nowhere.

I tried to go on the enternet and it said the page was to big, I never had this problem with my Iphone. I am not happy with the phone or tracfone service.

Looks great. Had a LG 800 G , not very good. This phones Touch screen is very responsive. Key board fairly easy to use.  Volume is much louder. I have large fingers, but I can use this, without too much trouble. Nice for a cheap phone.

Easy to use and much much better than the LG 800 it is replacing.  Touch screen is easier to use and the auto lock feature can actually be turned off. Works well with my hearing aid.  Would recommend to friend.

It has it all! It is light and will do anything you want once you learn how. I did not get a user manual and am having trouble trying to download one.

Even without the Wifi and 3G capabilities, this phone is still a big improvement over the LG800.1) The annoying screen lock is gone - Hooray!2) The keyboard is much more sensitive and easier to use. I seldom hit the wrong key when sending text messages.3) The voice quality is better and it gets much better reception in my area than the LG800.I don't use it for browsing, and I rarely use a phone camera, so I can't comment on those functions, but it is nice to know it has Wifi if needed. Someday I'll try it.Transferring the phone# and minutes was easy on tracfone.com.

have no idea how it works and don't care! i dispise phones and do every thing i can not to talk on them.

1). Poorly designed text system on this phone: Incoming text messages do not show sender's number/name on the home screen -- only shows 6 characters of an incoming message, so you can't see who a message is from before viewing it. Then minutes are deducted just to check a message to see who it's sent from. I've lost so much of my minutes because of inability to see spam messages before viewing...poorly designed phone.  2). Browser freezes often when using WiFi: Screen freezes and the only way out is to press the end button to close WiFi to unfreeze the screen. 3). Tap/Swipe are too sensitive: Buttons tap too easily when barely touched or by the slightest touch of face/ear pressed against phone when talking or using phone. You must be very careful when tapping/swiping because mistakes happen often when your finger taps the keys/apps next to each other because they are too close together. The screen is just too sensitive and very annoying. 4). I give this phone a grade of C.

However a friend just informed me both QVC and HSN offer the phone with case and charger and 1400 card to use in 1 year and triple minutes for life, all for $79.99.This means you basically get the phone for free as the 1400 minute card costs $94.99 on here.Then you have to buy the case and purchase the phone of course. Glad she got to me before I placed my order. They also let you pay off $20.00 for 4 months but mail it right away. You do the math. I love Amazon,always check with them first and usually make all my purchases from them. Their prices are also great as well as customer service but on this one you do the math..........

I purchased one of these a few months ago. It really eats up the battery because at my home the signal is weak so it searches a lot. Have to charge it every day. Does better out and about. I called them on it since my last phone did the same thing and when I called they did something that improved the battery life considerably, they just sent me a new battery free gratis this time, but it was not the problem. I was hoping time between charges would get better as the battery got excercised, but it seems a little worse now.I had about 1200 min left on my old Tracfone that died and they moved them to this phone with no real hassle.One problem that came up was that they had to send me a different SIM card (most likely because of my location) before I could use it or port my minutes and phone number, but it arrived in a day via FedEx, and to Alaska that is no small feat.When I went to activate and move minutes I did have the direct phone line from "get-human" (dot com). Got a real english speaking person who was very helpful and we worked our way through the new sim card and moving minutes. Normally moving minutes to a new tracfone can just be done on their website with a few clicks, but perhaps the HSN promo had something to do with it.As for the phone itself, texts are the regular Tracfone .03 min per text, but it breaks my longer texts into several pages so it seems to take more minutes than the last phone I had. On the old one (Motorola EX124G) I could write a very long text and it only went as one, this phone will often make them 2-3 pages. Photos in texts can really eat up the minutes, though! When I send a photo it can cost anywhere from 3-6 minutes per photo/text. If I send the same photo to several people at once I have seen it eat up 8-10 minutes, so texting photos is reserved for special occasions now.The rings can be pretty loud and the vibration is much stronger than my old phone. I missed most of my calls because the old phone was not loud enough and I could not feel it vibrate. The first time this new one went off I thought I had bumped into the electric fence it gave my hipbone such a jolt!The best feature about the phone is that it has a choice of text sizes for old fogies like me. I no longer have to take my glasses off to read the phone, everything is in nice big text. The screen leaves a lot to be desired because of it not being super fine resolution, but it is clear enough. You can see a sort of texture / fine hairlines if you look close. If you want an iPhone clarity you are not going to like it.The camera is only 2 megapixel and I thought that it would be poor quality, but even on the computer the photos look decent. I wouldn't trade my real camera for it, but it is good enough for taking occasional photos in good lighting. The videos are "OK", but again, 2mp doesn't allow for a very big video without pixellation. Here is a sample I took and put on YouTube, even if you change it to 720p it is not great.  [...]For sending texts it has a regular qwerty keyboard, somewhat like an ipod/iphone. Putting in contacts has the old 123, abc PIA method. Fortunately you don't have to do that too often.One other annoyance/negative (to me anyway) is contacts are sorted by first name. I can't find any way to sort by last name unless I go through and put all my contacts back in with last name in the first name field. I find sorting by first name unintuitive and just plain idiotic. I often contact several family members with the same last name and have to scroll all over to get all the names. If they were sorted by last name it would be a non issue.The browser is kind of meh. I have tried it on the house wifi and it works, but is not very user friendly. Very slow. Doesn't like to go to some pages and browsing is just reserved for necessity. You are not going to use this like an iPhone for browsing. It has been able to fetch my email decently, showing headers so I can download only what I want to spend the money to download. That will be nice when we are on the road.I do find that the screen can be a little over sensitive at times. Just handling the phone with the screen unlocked often makes random calls, including 911, or takes you to other odd pages. Sometimes I swear I didn't even touch it and it makes a call. I highly suggest enabling the screen lock.If you keep an eye on Amazon you can get the 400 min 1 year card for $79-$89 and with this phone that would be 1200min + you can always find a promo code for another 60-200 minutes (just Google Tracfone promo code) to add to it when you put the minutes on the phone. So I generally only spend $80-$90 per year for phone service. It is just an inexpensive phone with decent features for the price of the phone and minutes. Good enough for me, but I will certainly try something different when this one dies.If you have any questions I will try to answer them. If you found this review helpful please give a thumbs up! Thanks.

Once it's up and running it's not a bad little phone, but transfering my old number and Safelink service could not be done with either the on-line or automated phone tools.  I followed the automated instructions and activated the phone before transfering my existing number/service, and was then told by tech support that I had to get a new blank SIM card and do the transfer first.  Tech support was dismal and barely coherent, until I tried calling at the night shift, and then was lucky enough to get someone who spoke clearly and was familiar with this phone's issues.  Transfering the service required using "Code Entry Mode" to punch in long strings of numbers and characters recited by tech support.  As other reviewers point out, this is not a smart phone, Wi-Fi connectivity is problematical and accessories like a carrying case are not yet available, but other features work well enough for the low price.  Nice touch screen action, robust speaker, easy controls.

Can't beat this deal......the phone is everything I need and the Tracfone plan fits my budget perfectly.  Others can have those big name plans and the expensive phones.....this serves my purposes to a T.

This is the best &#34;smartphone&#34; like cellphone I have seen. I purchased this for my Mom who has had a simple flip phone for over 5 years. This phone was easy for her to navigate with the icons and once I set up her WiFi network, email, and installed the google maps feature; she has really enjoyed using it. The camera is also a great addition for her to use. I did not purchase a USB cord with this and found that the one I use for my Kodak digital camera is the same. So, we can transfer photos and video clips to the computer no problem. Otherwise, I have used the micro SD card in an SD Adapter in the computer cards reader with success. I am now looking to purchase a phone for a couple of other family members who use Tracfone.Does anyone know if I can get a game of solitare or a weather radar map app for this product? I have gamers in my family and want to preprogram these features in before I give them their phones for Christmas. So far I cannot find a .jar or .jad files for this in my Internet searches. Thanks.

Great phone for my kids.  Look and feel of a smart phone without the expense.  Bought two of these.  Love the triple minutes for life!  Only thing I wish was different would be to have the keyboard come up whenever typing is necessary.  Entering contacts is bit of a pain using the number pad.

The LG 840G has more than I expected. I bought this phone for 2 reasons: I wanted a device that could replace my Dell Axim pocket PC as well as my Tracfone/Samsung T301g mobile phone. I'm a retired engineer, so I no longer needed a mobile device that could run software such as AutoCAD, MS Word and Excel. Additionally my T301g mobile had served me well, and if I was going to replace my pocket PC it made more sense to get something affordable, and would give me the capability to do most of the activity I had been doing on two separate devices. My order for this item arrived in less than one week, Tracfone customer service transferred my airtime and remaining minutes. Besides being a cell phone, my favorite applications are the calendar, the full function calculator, tip calculator, task organizer, note pad, unit convertor, camera, and video camera. I use this device for phone calls on the go, keeping a to do list with due dates and reminder alarms, calculating costs while shopping, jotting down various notes for future reference, and snapping a quick picture or video anyplace or time. Overall I am very satisfied with this purchase and would highly recommend this product for anyone looking to purchase a multi-function cell phone at a reasonable cost.

Just an okay phone. The internet is terrible!

My grandson has one and was showing me all the neat stuff it can do.  So, I bought one, too.

This is a feature phone, not a smartphone.  It isn't an Android (R) or iPhone (R) and cannot use their apps.  To get apps for this phone, you go to getjar.com.  There are some good ones to choose from.What it has:1.  A working calendar that you can set up on your home screen.  Days with appointments appear in yellow;2.  A good contacts database;3.  A QWERTY touch screen keyboard (text messaging and Opera Mini only;4.  Nice weight and feel to the phone;I bought this phone for a friend of mine and she loves it.  She's been through about 3 Tracfones and this one is, by far, the best!There is a learning curve, but once you master the phone, everything falls into place.  I highly recommend this phone.And TRIPLE MINUTES FOR LIFE!  Shut the front door!  What are you waiting for?

I brought two of these phones for my children ages 11 and 13.  The phone is reliable and easy enough for even me to use.

I ordered the LG840G on 2/26/13 and received it 2 days later.I had no trouble activating this phone.After putting all my contact info in,i was ready to go.I called my home landline first to make sure the phone worked. It worked fine.I have made several long distance calls and several local calls and the voice quality is excellent. I recommend this phone, it is good quality.

Me and my wife both got this phone and done away with our Verizon Wireless plans and phones. We both are just tickled about these phones and how easy they were to set up and how much cheaper it is yo use than what we had before we also are so impressed how good the reception and coverage is. Before my wife had problems calling me from her job because of coverage problems but NO MORE! She has excellent reception everywhere she goes now and I feel so much better about it also. I highly recommend this phone you will not regret it.

love this phone , large enough to see, has mamy great features.  i have cell phone only to use when i need on trip or something, but the camera, video recorder and voice recorder are great

sent a new junk phone... tracfone sent me a junk refurb to replace it and lied to me over and over again... and i have now a phone with 3x minutes that i can rarely use and no one calls... and i have lost days and days ... cause calling in and out are nearly impossible... and what is hilarious... i live in a home city of phone companies and cell towers all around me... and i cannot call out or in on the two junk 840s that tracfone wont justify... thay are persona non grata in my mind... they sent me a refurb??? to replace a new phone .... and after begging and i finely get a 60 day day adjustment to my lost phone time ... and all the while no one calls cause my phone wont take the calls or it hangs up as i answer... calling out is nearly impossible... thanks amazon ... no more electronic junk will ever be purchased ... because of the hell tracfone put me through... to say i hate tracfone is an understatement... i pay too much for phone service and they want me to beg for service ... ha ha ha... no thanx

I enjoy this phone It is one of many Tracfone's I have had .I like This phone as it is easy to use light easy to work with the apps

Nice phone and you cant beat the triple mins for life it has a fantastic camera and has good sound too lots of built in apps and Google has a browser you can download free that really works nice online love the WiFi too

After having used the old Tracfone for years, I decided to upgrade when a friend bought one.  I love it and I'm very happy I decided to upgrade!!!

This is a first for us and we are happy with this one but I would like to see better and more choices of &#34;smart&#34; phones from Tracfone.  Keep them coming, please.

LOVE the new phones with Tracfone!  They are EXACTLY what we expected them to be!  Nice touch screen, easy to use and program.  Not the greatest for online stuff BUT at least you can do some things online with it.  If you have WiFi, use it instead of using minutes!  Hubby and I are very happy with the phones and the easiness of using them.  We are able to download the operating guide online for any other questions otherwise it is great for an upgrade!

One of the best value for dollar purchases I've ever made. Replaced a plain old Samsung Tracfone that had the ugly habit of dialing 9-1-1 while in my pocket with the keyboard locked!The process of transferring minutes and service days from the existing phone was easy and exactly as documented on the Tracfone website. The first time I added minutes, I got triple minutes as promised. In conjunction with a promo code from a popular Tracfone blog, paid for 200 minutes, got 630.Call volume much better than the old phone. Every single call I have made or answered has connected.As others have written, if you do heavy duty web surfing or email, this is probably not the phone for you, but in a pinch, I can get on the web. Bluetooth found my home network easily. Speaking of bluetooth, I recently had a rental car (Nissan Sentra) with built-in bluetooth and it paired with the phone easily and worked wonderfully. I'm now exploring bluetooth options for my own car.I was able to easily install the Opera browser and google maps. Not nearly the selection of apps that are available for a true smart phone, but any java app with a .jad extension should work.For less than 40 bucks, you get about 90% of smartphone functionality, a good phone for making phone calls, cheap airtime and no expensive bills. If you think a smart phone might be for you, but don't want to shell out a lot of money, this phone would be a good intermediate step. Well worth the money!

Very good basic phone that can be operated for $10 a month. Touch screen is very sensitive but you get used to it . Directions for set and functionality were clear

I wish this was a true smart phone with excellent internet access and email.  Fore the price, it was worth it.

I received this phone for Christmas. Tracfone was swamped with many people activating phones so it took 2 days total to activate the phone. That is the only reason i'm not giving it 5 stars. I received a voice mail on my old phone that was sort of hard to understand, so I called Tracfone's customer service and was on hold for a while but I finally got a person and I had to enter codes into my new phone, which activated it. So on with the phone, it has many features the phones that belong to more popular companies have. It connects to 3G and wifi, the wifi is what connescts to the browser, unless you are not connected to a wifi netork. It also comes with a 2GB MicroSD card which it stores your files on. I am also very impressed with the battery life. It will hold its charge for a couple days easily!*UPDATE* August 4, 2013For the past couple months, the battery has been deteriorating. It will only hold a charge for a day or so.

What you save in money, you will pay for in aggravation. This phone is defective. It makes calls all by itself, wasting airtime minutes and battery life, not to mention annoying my contacts. (I got a replacement for my first phone, but it has the same problem.) Tracfone customer service is truly terrible, from incompetence to attitude to inability to communicate in English, it is a nightmare to deal with them. I'm sorry that I wasted my money on this.

is  okay phone i will probable recomend this to my customers i will like to get more of 4g phones

I bought two of these phones for my wife and Daughter. It works as a smart phone but is not one. Runs on java not android. Gets very good reception even where my Verizion does not. Does text and wifi. Tip only use the internet on wifi and any time you email it uses your minuets. So just hook you phone to your PC to get your pics,or load new ones.

I would  recommend this phone , I have had a few trac phones and this is the best so far

Bought phone because it will connect to wireless internet. It connects easily to various systems and remembers them so automatically connects next time. Applications minimal, but ok for basic info such as scores, or weather. Signal strength does not appear to be as good as prior flip phone, but have not used enough to fully rate the strength.

I used to have an iPhone 4 for work; a few months ago I changed jobs and had to return my phone. I opted for this phone recently rather than an actual smartphone. I am amazed at how good this little phone is. It's not the old tracfone I had years ago. It looks better and has so many actually usable features. I downloaded all the music from my computer to this little baby so it's my mp3 player too and I could not be happier. Camera is pretty terrible, but I expected that. The battery life is fantastic. It holds a charge forever, especially as compared to the iPhone and Droids I have had. I use the web only when there is wi-fi available to avoid being charged minutes. It's not as elegant as a smartphone, but if you need to look something up, it works. I like that it has facebook. Texting isn't as grand as it used to be because you do get charged 30 seconds for the briefest text and even more for longer ones. But that of course is something completely within your control. All in all, this phone far exceeded my expectations of what a prepaid minutes phone could be.

Not an Android but basic starter for new smartphone user

If you are like me (old) and you don't require a smart phone this is difficult to beat. It does voice and text just fine. If you away from wifi you can also do email and internet, just no bells and whistles.

There are a few things I'd prefer be different, but for the price, it's a fantastic phone. There's no flashlight function- I was spoiled on that. Need to buy one for my keychain now. Petty stuff. Tracfone has served me well in the past and they continue to do so. The shipping was light-speed, practically!

I bought this just for my everyday use at work or to have emergency contacts. You can connect to wifi if you want but it is very slow.. It works well for me. But never use my minutes for browsing or anything like sending pictures.. It cost a lot of minutes and before you know your out of balance. I am happy of this I just want to have phone that I can use receiving and sending text message and calling.

I had a flip phone and I didn't want the bills connected with an iPhone, so I bought the Tracfone LG 840D.  It's not a smart phone, but it tries very hard, and it puts the Motorola flip phone to shame! And the best thing is I still don't get a monthly bill and buy minutes when I want them right from the phone. I'd say that's pretty smart.

I ordered an LG 840g phone and have been trying for two days to get it activated. Six times on the phone(home phone) with customer service and two times in the Chat room. The last guy told me to take the phone somewhere else to get more than 3 bars of service. I got in the car and tried that--didn't work. Finally the Chat room person Martha, I bet that's not her name, got it activated, but erased the 10 minutes airtime that came with the phone, so it still won't work. She couldn't replace the minutes and service time and told me to again call customer service. Well we'll see tomorrow I guess, too late tonight!

I can take my own time to learn how to use a smartphone without breaking the bank. I  did like the fold-able heavier features of my old phone, but it is time to get on with the new.

My 'reconditioned' phone was defective when received and was not able to be used.  Tracfone was very helpful and tried to reset and recode this phone many times, but in the end was unable to 'bring it back to life'.  I can only quess my 'reconditioned' phone wasn't tested before shipping it out to me and will now I need to find another phone.  Based on my experience, I'll be a lot more careful of buying another 'reconditioned phone'.  Although I am not able to get it replaced, I can still get a refund.

There have been a number of people wondering how to get Opera Mini and Google maps without the annoying extra keyboard. After much searching, I've gotten both to work:For Opera, simply enter this URL while on your phone: [...] If you want to see the article I found this link in, see [...]For Google maps, go to [...] and enter jump code 6944. To get it without the extra keyboard, download the JAD version while on your PC, copy the resulting text into Notepad, and then paste this code at the end of the text:Navi-Key-Hidden: trueNokia-MIDlet-On-Screen-Keypad: noMIDlet-ScreenMode: ROTATEMIDlet-Landscape-Support: trueLGE-MIDlet-Width: 240LGE-MIDlet-Height: 400LGE-MIDlet-On-Screen-Keypad: noLGE-MIDlet-Display-Mode: bothsave the file as "maps_m2_ts.jad" (select all file types and manually enter the .jad), copy it onto your phone's SD card, open it from the phone's file manager, and you're good to go.Hope this helps!

This phone is a huge improvement over the LG800!  Love the WiFi feature!  larger screen is nice.  My daughter loves it!  What else is important? ;o)

This is an incredible phone for 19.99.  The only issue with the phone is the network behind it.  Every time we have upgraded to a new phone, we have lost a BIG chunk of minutes.  So, if you replace your Tracfone, be very careful to take a photo of the face of the old phone when the service date and minutes are displayed.  That may make it a little easier to negotiate with the Tracfone operator and, if worst comes to worst, provide some proof if you need to consult with a state consumer protection agency to get all your minutes.  Tracfone does not give you access to your remaining service or minutes even though they obviously have this information.

The LG840g is great for what it's suppose to do which is Call/text people.  I have the Ipod Touch and I love it for all it's features, including web browsing, games and watching an occasion missed episode of a show I like.  I would LOVE to have the IPhone, but I refuse to enter into any expensive contracts.  The LG 840g is no Iphone, but it offers me triple minutes and great texting for a Pay as you go phone, so the rest I leave to my Ipod.  The only issue is that it's a bit sensitive when your trying to scroll and you open things you don't mean to open if your not careful.  But it's well worth the price if your not into contracts.

Great TracFone for the price. Better than most, my big fingers. press the wrong icons, and a bigger text reading window is great.The Shipping was messed up It was not sent out from the source for a week, but then took 1 day to get to me. They used Fed-Ex and the USPS.

You can't get a better phone for the money.  You'll spend bundles on minutes.  I wouldn't recommend buying this product.

This is a great phone for those who want the convenience of texting and calling, and possibly going online, without the hassle of a high monthly fee. This has a full qwerty keyboard for texting, and the screens are easy to use.The only beef I have about this phone is touch screen is picky and sometimes you think you have picked a text but it actually highlighted the one below or above the one you chose. Use caution, if sending info meant only for a particular person. :)

Phone is good but service tracphone lost my original number and gave me New one will leave tracfone as soon as this phone Breaks.very bad customer support

I got this as a replacement for an old Nokia TracFone.  I just got a car with Bluetooth and I wanted a TracFone I could use in the car.  For this purpose, I am satisfied.  The triple minutes, though I haven't yet needed to buy any - the Nokia minutes transferred over without a problem - were a big incentive for getting this phone.  I have been disappointed with the built-in browser using wifi.  It is slow and clunky.  I tried some another browser that was recommended but that wasn't much better.  I have an iPod Touch I use with wifi so it isn't a big deal but I'll probably never use the phone browser.

Just received it.  Spent over an hour over 2 sessions w/ the Tracfone peeps (maybe their overseas contract workers - they all had accents) only to find this model is &#34;incompatible with the service in (my) area&#34; . . .Really?  So here I am, trying to upgrade from an LG290C ((which has to be at least 7 or 8 year old if not waaay older technology) 'cause the screen has gotten damaged (but it always worked like a champ in my area.)I don't get it.  Why would a phone from the same manufacturer (especially considering the way technology continuously advances by leaps and bounds) take a huge leap backwards in terms of operational efficiency?Someone (Amazon, Tracfone, reseller) needs to tighten up and check out these kinds of issues before offering to sell a phone.  I also purchased certain accessories (screen protector film, case) and since I've already applied the screen protector, I'm sure I'm gonna have to 'eat' that purchase.Amazon has been pretty good overall in terms of delivery and quality with the items I've ordered so far,  but this one is a disappointment.

If you are not a big cell user, or just need something for emergencies, etc, then this is a good product.Price is reasonable and I haven't had any problems with reception.Phone is tough, dropped it a few times, and has a few extra features; calculator, camera, video, when compared to other cheap phonesif you are expecting a galaxy 10s iphone deluxe with cheese, keep dreaming.its a cheap phone that does what its supposed to.

Its a very nice phone and performs well but it wld have been nicer if it was bigger than it is.

Purchased the phone based on touch screen 2.5 inches and WiFi options.....................NOT ANDROID..................Doesn't have a lot of apps but for half the price than Walmart. Got a 16GB Micro SD card for music and photos great phone and works with SafeLink services. Phone comes with 2MP camera and Video works OK but wasn't the reason I purchased this phone.

This phone is fine for what I need, calling texting have not tried all the features yet, but I guess they want at least 3 more words. Happy now??

VERY TOUCHY screen. Problem is you don't know if it wants a firm touch or light touch or just to blow on it from a distance. And while it is supposed to only answer a call from one point on the screen, it will cancel or drop a call from any point on the screen. Placing phone against your ear while talking will also cancel a call.  Lg's support manual online while stating its for a LG840G is for a completely different phone and is only partially helpful. Kinda reminds me of when friends and I would tie two cans together with a long string and talk to each other but the cans and string were more reliable and dependable. Basically its a poor imitation of a useful product.

I am very happy with this phone.  I am able to text and take pictures.  The reception is very good.  I found it awkward to use the browser, I'm having an issue of what text input comes up (sometimes a keyboard, sometimes a telephone dial pad).  Other than that, I would definitely recommend this phone.

I can't tell if it's got a better quality mic for talking but some of the awkward interface features are simpler in this model, some are harder such as setting up bookmarks in the browser.The screen lock and touchscreen buttons are probably better for avoiding butt dialing than the 800G and the minutes display is stationary rather than a slow scroll.The interface still has childish details and procedures that keep it only a semi-semi-smart phone.I feel it's a better purchase than the 800G.======== UPDATE: BROWSER ISSUE ============A couple websites performed very badly on this phone compared to the LG 800G.So today I spent an hour with Tracfone installing another browser "Opera Mini" that gets put into the Games and Apps section. The interface is worse than the standard browser but happily it solved all the page drawing problems the 840G had with one particular website that I use a lot.If Opera Mini didn't fix the problem I would have returned this phone, used the 800G and shopped for another phone that could handle that particular website. I dodged a bullet -- mostly.

Years ago I promised my daughter that she would get a phone when she was going into 7th grade.  She wanted an iphone (what 12 year old wouldn't?) but my biggest concerns were 1) too much unnecessary &#34;access&#34; and 2) cost.  No matter how I sliced it, an iphone would cost $1,000 for the 1st year ($199 for the phone and ~$75 for the phone line, data plan, insurance, taxes and fees).  THIS cute little phone works great, looks &#34;cool,&#34; is significantly less expensive than a smartphone on a 2 year plan, and it makes my daughter have to &#34;think&#34; about what she's texting, deterring her from being on the thing all day long.  The phone cost $42 and I bought 1,500 minutes for 365 days on the TracFone website for $199+tax.  This phone automatically triples the minutes purchased, so for $250, she has a new phone with 4,500 minutes equating to ~12 minutes of calling per day, or 40 text messages (or some combination of the 2).  In my opinion, this is &#34;enough.&#34;  She's psyched to have a phone and she's pleased that the interface is what she's used to.  (She never owned a flip phone so it would be taking a step &#34;backwards&#34; to start doing the 2 thumb texting on a keyboard).  Like a real smartphone, she can access the web but again, it uses minutes so it's like a built in &#34;control&#34; that limits her being attached to it.  She's a reasonable kid so when I explained the cost of an iphone vs. the cost of this, she understood.  I'm really pleased.  I was skeptical since I don't really know anyone that has this type of phone but I think it's a great option for my daughter.  I'm thrilled that I didn't have to get sucked into a 2 year contract and if she breaks or loses this phone, it's cheap to replace.

Great price, touch screen is super fast.  Learning curve is non existent, it is the easiest phone I have ever had.  I had another trac phone, transferring the number and minutes was simple, and the triple minute feature is very price effective.I live in a poor reception area, and so far can connect anywhere.  The wifi is excellent.  As close to a smart phone as you can get without all the huge bills.It is now three months after purchase .  I am so pleased with this phone.  Using wifi when available saves minutes but the cost of minutes is so good, it is just a perk.  I still seem to have service that is as good as  any major vendors in the area, and better than many.  Blue tooth works very well.. Well worth a try!!

Bought for son's 14th birthday, he loves it.Nice features, easy to view screen.Works well for reception and the triple minutes are a great deal.

The phone, good deal for the money.  Works well.  Its no iPhone, but for a beginner phone for my daughter, it works.  However, when you buy this... dont make the mistake I did.  Choose a plan that does NOT have ANY spiffs attached to it.  Since the Phone comes with Triple Minutes...IF you choose a &#34;double&#34; minute special, Tracfone will change you Triple minutes for life, toa  double minites plan.  Now there are positives and negatives here.  First, I could not get thru to them directly on the phone, so I emailed.  I honestly didnt expect a response, but to my amazement....they called me 2 days later.  I have NEVER had a cellular company call me to resolve an issue.  So Cudos to them for that.  They were also nice enough to correct the discrepancy for me and put my plan back to triple minutes from there on out.  But...I still lost out on missed minutes.  If I had just bought a non-promotional plan, I would have gotten triple minutes.  But instead, I ended up with only double minutes on a plan that in the end cost more.(because I thought for some reason that my plan would be tripled)  Stupid me.

Getting used to something different from our old touch pad phone a learning curve for us. Seems to work well. We have to look on the tracfone website for better instructions on the use of the phone. We wish we got a better instruction book with the phone.

Absolutely the best!!

Tracfone supposed to be easy right?Nope.Tried to activate.  No luck.Called help line, they said wait for a few hours.  I waited.Tried to use the new phone for a call.  No luck.Called the help line again, they said wait 24 hours.  I waited.Tried to use the new phone for a call.  No luck.Called the help line again, they said wait for a few hours.  I waited.Tried to use the new phone for a call.  No luck.Oh yeah, and turned the phone on and off about 50 times hoping something would take.  This was more disappointing than playing slots.Went to the online forum looking for answers.  Tracfone runs the forum by having a service rep tell the person who posted, that they will handle the issue 'offline' with 'private messaging'.  What kind of user help forum format is that?  There are literally no answers on that user forum either from users or Tracfone.So at this point, the phone isn't activated three phone calls hasn't done it, and the Tracfone forum is zero help.Next tried the troubleshooting tool on the Tracfone.com website.  It tells you to do a few things, asks some questions and then after indicating that the phone won't even make a call because of a 'Check Call Restrictions -34' error, their script tells me that the phone isn't in a good service area, all the while there are three bars on the screen.  So the support tool is also inaccurate and insufficient.The activation of this phone is a joke.  The level of service provided by the company Tracfone is insulting and a waste of time.I wouldn't have written this review had Tracfone been able to fix this problem without using 8 HOURS of my time.  Best guess is that Tracfone won't attempt to fix this problem in under a week.

Much better than my old motorola, I can hear the calls much better, can read the screen easier, it's great.problems with the email and wifi, but that's not what I bought it for.It arrived on time as promised, and even better, after over a month I noticed my battery wasn't lasting like other reviewers so I contacted shopcell deals. I had a new battery in 2 days!

I am very happy. Metro was terrible and I was paying 50. a month. I do not need a smart phone, and I needed a back up phone for another family member. I pay monthly for the family plan with tracphone, the minutes roll over and it has been perfect.They are pain to get started with but just set everything to be automatic and you will never have to speak to them again and you can see your account online. I have had no connectivity issues in hotels and other places, and my Metro phone coverage was terrible and went out all the time.This phone is so easy to use. It holds a charge for days, not just one day like my Metro smart phone.  Not complicated at all, just what I needed.

We bought the unit from QVC and did not read the reviews before purchasing.  I tried to Synch up with my Ford Edge and found out it won't SYNCH up. Many many others having the same problem.

It is an LG, with a one year mfr warranty that does NOT provide you a replacement phone!  So...if you have a defective that you want LG to look at and replace, you will have to surrender this phone to even receive consideration.  I can't surrender this phone for it's defects without having it's replacement IN HAND.  I use my phone daily to conduct my business and my life.  It is my ONLY phone!  LG needs to ship out a replacement phone prior to retrieving the phone which has disappointed their customer enough to initiate &#34;Warranty Service&#34;.This phone has the touch/virtual keyboard feature.  It was hard to use in the beginning.  Six months later it hasn't gotten much better.  This keyboard sucks to use.  I have to reread and correct EVERY text I send.  And texting is nearly all I do with this phone, because...The volume control of the speaker on which to make and hear your telephone conversations goes to...7!  Not...11.  And my hearing is pretty normal.  I've engaged the &#34;Hearing Aid Assist&#34; EXTRA VOLUME feature.  It brings the volume up to 7.2.  Still inaudible unless you put yourself in a zone of silence.  Normal useage walking or driving or sitting at work in your cubefarm?  You can't hold a two way conversation.  I avoid receiving or making &#34;phone calls&#34; on this &#34;phone&#34;.Pathetic, really.As a cheap crappy texting machine, this phone is adequate.Nothing more about it or LG make me excited (in a good way).

I got this phone for my youngest son, for emergency calls and texts.  He has no problem texting or making calls.  In fact, my oldest son wanted to have the same phone.

This phone seems to boast features but the touchpad is REALLY ANNOYING.  I'm an asian woman with relatively small fingers.  The text function is incredibly annoying and I sound illiterate with my constant typos.  Autocorrect doesn't help either.Also, there are no apps that you can download and sometimes instead of going on wifi, it automatically begins eating minutes if you go online.  SO make sure you are on wifi before you go online.Honestly though, what else do you expect from a trakfone with a super cheap minute plan?  The phone itself is okay. the Plan is great.

It was a gift for my son--I already have one and am happy with it. I have had it for some years now.

No, it's not an I-Phone, but if you need a cell phone to basically make calls and don't need the  bells and whistles that smartphones give you, this is a good phone.  I bought two of these phones.The new touch screen is much better that its predecessor.  I also purchased the Dynamic Hybrid Tuff Hard Case in black that gives the phone a I-Phone look to the casual observer.

We have been looking for a new phone for sometime but the price of a 3G phone was just too much for us to be able to buy 2 of them.  We had been eyeing the LG 840G at Wal-Mart for a while and liked the triple minutes for life!  When we saw the same phone at Amazon.com for about half the price at Wal-Mart we decided to go for it as we could get it in either black or white.  The features are quite nice and we enjoy the texting capabilities I like the Bluetooth feature, though different than my earlier LG 420G it's acceptable.  I can easily upload and download pics, vids and sounds from my computer to phone and vise versa.  I really like the micro SD card upgradeable memory.  The touch screen is really a great feature, it makes navigation through the phones screens easy.  The sound is clear when using the speaker but it's really nice when using a Bluetooth headset.  The games and Apps are a feature we have yet to explore but a nice feature.  It is the best Tracfone we have ever had.  For the price it's a great deal.

I bought this phone to upgrade my old phone.  I liked it mostly because of the triple minutes.  Using the internet is slow and cumbersome.  I had this phone for about two weeks and left it at a self checkout at Walmart.  Someone picked up the phone and started using it.  I know this because the new &#34;new owner&#34; answered the phone when my wife tryed calling me.  I called Tracfone to deactivate the stolen phone and reactivate my old phone.  They told me they  would transfer my number and minutes after they send me a new sim card.  When I got the new sim card and called they told me that they would not transfer my minutes to the old phone.  They left the stolen phone on for the transfer so they said.  They did not deactivate the stolen phone until I called and was put on hold for over an hour.  What I ended up with is STARTING OVER!  I have a new number and only 90 days of service because I had to buy another minutes card to reactivate my old phone.  Do not rely on Tracfone to help you if you lose your phone, they will not.  If anything they help the &#34;new owner&#34; steal your phone because they don't tell you to start over right away!  If you lose your phone Start over right away.  The customer service of tracfone is the worst I have ever seen.  You will have to call several times and be put on hold for hours.  I now have to call the voice mail number to check messages of my stolen phone because tracfone will not disable the voicemail even after I told them to do so.

I really enjoy the phone. Especially the HAC. This is a much improved from the LG 800G. It does the basics, plus a little more.

It corrects most of the issues with the LG800G model.  Easy to use with BT capabilities and can sync with other BT phones to transfer contacts.

I like the tracfone overall.  I find I have delected calls when trying to retrieve it from my purse.  My previous phone was a flip phone,so there was no possibility to touch the delete until the phone was open.  Also when registering the phone,  the instructions in the phone call were not clear

Great features for the price - fantastic bargain.

I am well pleased with my LG 840 phone.  I get triple minutes and it is so easy to use.

I just purchased this phone via TracFone after reading the reviews here on Amazon. It arrived in three days and I began the process to port my old number via their website. It took two days. The phone evidently was shipped with an unregistered sim card. How do I know this? A 1.85 hour phone call. After telling four techs the problem, providing the phone number, address, various numbers and walking into the street to try the card, it was determined that they would send me a new card--to arrive in 3-5 days. They do NOT expedite even when they are at fault. Now I have ported the number to a non-working phone. They see no problem with this.CSRs speak English as a second language and are scripted. Just saying this has NOT been a good experience so far. BEWARE!UPDATE #1-Replacaement SIM card arrived, but did not work. 2 hours on phone. New card to be shipped.UPDATE #2=Third SIM card arrived. Initially did not work, but after 1 hour it did pick up the network and is now working.Have not actually used the phone except for one call, but do still feel that TracFone should have prepared the proper SIM card at time of shipping.

I've been a tracfone customer for quite some time and i think this is the best phone so far. And i have had at least 10 different tracfones.

I bought this phone for my 14 year old daughter and she loved it...she liked the touch screen and I liked the ability to limit her services

I love the phone been wanting a touch screen for myself for a while, it meets all the standards. Thank you.

Unbelievably touch sensitive. Have to be extremely careful of even hovering over the wrong symbol or number. Shuts off unexpectedly.  Used up hundreds of minutes trying to program it.  Forget trying to enter a URL.  Very disappointing product.

Okay, I'm a bit of a technophobe, and don't use a cell phone very much at at all.  If you're looking for the latest iPhone or Samsung Galaxy with a million apps and bells and whistles, you'd certainly be disappointed in this Tracfone LG 840G.  But for my money (about $7 a month with Tracfone, actually), this phone is awesome.  It's a nice looking, well-made little phone with a great layout and a very responsive touchscreen.  It feels like a much more expensive phone.  The actual calling functions work well and are easy to figure out, easy to set up voicemail and add contacts.  It has a decent still camera and video camera functions.  It's got some simple apps like a notepad, voice recorder, tip calculator, calendar/schedule organizer, etc. You can put your videos and mp3s on it.  I downloaded the Bible and put it on there, as well as a chess game, and a bunch of video games like The Avengers, Star Wars, etc.  With the web browser, you can access your email, Facebook, etc.  It may be a little clunky to surf too much, but if you need to look up something online, you can.  I would recommend the e-book called LG840 G Apps and Tips, which is available online for a couple bucks--it includes apps and games and instructions to get the most out of the phone.  It may not actually be a "smart phone", but it's smart enough for what I need.

This phone is slick, very nice looking and a great feel to it. Battery life is so much better than my old Tracfone. Purchased for Triple minutes and used bonus code for additional 250 minutes. Ended up spending less than 150 dollars for the phone, 400 (X3) and 365 day card, and the free 250 bonus minutes.

This is my first cell phone and I`m 79YO. I bought this phone with the confidence of being an Amazon Prime member. I more than half way expected some trouble before all the factors came together and I had a long term working mobile, and the (GLITCHES) CAME IN SPADES. I will spare you the details but it took about 12 hours and help from four customer service reps. to almost get it right. On a 1 to 10 scale, where 1 equates to believing the rep. is deliberately being unhelpful and 10 is when the rep. knows all the answers, speaks in a clear voice and is perfectly patient with a beginner. I rate them from 8 to 10. High praise indeed but earned.For some strange reason the activation codes were unrecognizable to the tracfone system and when they were finally acknowledged it said they were associated with another account. So I was fed a series of numbers, sooo long as to seem improbable, to feed into the system and that did almost fix thing. The phone activated immediately with extra months added to my one year and all the 1200 minutes + 10 extra. BUT, when I called my land line to try it out, my caller ID said my name was that of a complete stranger, not my own. Back to tracfone customer service and they said it was the fault of my internet provider; COMCAST. ... Comcast gave me a # and said if I do not hear from them in three days to call again and use the # to identify my complaint. ... I`m thinking I`ll give comcast 1 day to get back to me and, if they do not, then go back to tracfone and ask for a new cell phone number....UPDATE TO THE NEXT DAY... I did go back to tracfone customer service and had them change my cell phone number. It was done fast, in a couple of minutes, and the new number works perfectly without some stranger`s name showing up as me. But the GLITCH that caused the original failure to activate was still lurking in the system. Although patched over now, I tried to clear it to prevent future problems. I was told by a very helpful customer rep. that it often takes 24 hours for the system to make corrections.

I thought I would be satisfied with this phone, but it is just not a very good one. When carrying it around, it is constantly moving from screen to screen and when I lock the screen it is difficult to get back into. There are many features missing such as call blocking and the software isn't very user-friendly. Also, when I buy minutes, I don't always get the triple minutes or they go away on the next month's reset with Safelink. I have to call them every single month to resolve the issue. Just not worth it.

My wife likes it. For a no contract phone, that is relatively cheap to replace, it is perfect. Not an Iphone, but costs a lot less.

I previously had a Motorola W376g and it was fine for a while but the newer Tracphones are for sure better.  Faster IM, WiFi, E-Mail, and good internet browsing usinf free WiFi.  The touch screen works well too.  Tripple Minutes for life is better too.  The local Walmart wanted $59+Tax but got it here for $44 including shipping.

This phone is the best tracfone phone to date, so I will give it five stars and a plus for having wifi. Another suggestion for tracfone in general is to keep heading in the direction of obtaining smartphones.

Just wanted to let everyone know that this person is unreliable...I received the phone almost a month after I ordered it...was charged for....then when I received it.....I bought it new, but received it in a manila envelope with nothing else, no box with instructions....nothing but recharge wire..Since I received it late, Tracfone won't activate it until I send the ups code on box , whlich I don't have..and I have to fax all sorts of stuff to them just for them to activate it.  It has been a month and I still have to be without the phone till I can come up with the box and info they need....all because this &#34;Laura Goods&#34; doesn't know how to sell a product over Amazon.  I have tried to reach her and she will not get back to me....

My old phone was stolen, so after comparing the available phones on Tracfone, I decided that this LG model was best, since I already had a car charger for my old LG. I compared pricing for this phone and found it to be much cheaper from Amazon , than from Tracfone and delivery was faster.

I don't use this as a phone.  it's one of my multipurpose media players.  Too bad it isn't an android.  I knew it wasn't an android phonebefore I bought it but wouldn't have after discovering the limitations of j2me.  There aren't many new java appsthat I can find that are signed.  The unsigned ones don't function too well.  Still, this phone is well worththe price.  The battery life is phenomenal - I only need to recharge once a week with light use.

It was on time and the right phone, It did have a bad sim card but that has nothing to do with the seller,how could they know it had a bad sim card, it's a  new phone. Yes, I will buy from this seller again.The right stuff and very fast shipping.

so simple,so easy and even I can use it. please check your zip for service.(sill dont understand that game) a must buy!

I was paying AT&T around $200/mo for 2 iPhones sharing 350 minutes per month (which we never exhausted). I decided to dump AT&T. I do still use my iPhone over WiFi at home with the Talkatone app for free/cheap calls & texts (I work at home) but I needed a phone to use away from home. I purchased the 840g here, then found a really good package deal with 1400 minutes/triple minutes/1 year of service on a site that offers "flexpay" and bought that with the intention of returning this one. I then decided to keep it for the extra battery, charger cable and battery cover. I just swap out the battery when it runs down. Battery life is really good compared to the iPhone, which I have to charge daily even if I don't use the phone. I like the touch screen. Its value is basically swifter menu navigation. I don't use the 3g browser unless I want to kill 5 minutes or so when I am waiting for someone in my car. The web browser's home page links are crowded together and it is too easy to hit the wrong link, causing the browser to load the wrong page. Then you have to clumsily navigate back to the home screen and try again. Pros: A good, solid phone for texting and talking and 3g web access if nothing better is available. I like that the ringer volume is nice and loud (adjustable). Battery life is great. Cons: 1) Text messages are not displayed in a continuous scroll as on a smartphone. Instead, the Tracfone screen pops up, confirming how much you were debited for each message sent. 2) The battery cover is the most brittle, cheap plastic imaginable. Glad I have a couple of extras in case this one cracks. 3) There are no cases specifically for this phone. I use a cheap leather pouch (B009HOSU8E) for mine then slip it into my purse. For my minimal cellphone needs this is a great phone.

Ordered this phone tried to activate Tracfone says wont work in my area. How do your customers know that &#34; BEFORE &#34; they buy IT?TracFone wants to replace with  piece of crap 220 phone /half screen buttons so small I cant read them or touch one without touching another.

I paid almost $40 for a new one of these back in November 2013 at a big box store..Well I wanted to get a gift for some one. I saw this for $14.95 shipped. Its a refurbished phone, and I  was expecting maybe a few dings or even battle scars. The phone sent looked like new, if it was ever used I can't tell it. Came with all things needed. Charger, battery, memory card , instruction book,  are all there. It booted up and hooked up to Tracfone's  system like a dream..It has a one year limited warranty.. FYI: I forgot to mention the packaging protected it very well in shipping..Also shipping was very fast, it arrived 2 days ahead of estimated arrival time..

for the price of the phone it was a great find. The triple minutes are also a bonus. Thank you

i have been with tracfone for about four years and this is there best phone yet.  It is not an Iphone or droid but it is about a $100 a year with triple minutes instead of $100 a month.

First off let me say you get what you pay for and I'm glad I didn't pay much for this phone !  While its sound quality is excellent and with a case it still fits in my pocket, falls short in 2 areas. First Bluetooth doesn't work properly.It will only hookup for about 10 seconds and then it disconnects  I've tried it with several devices and its the same thing. This is a major issue as I usually transfer photos from a phone this way and the nice folks at Tracfone will charge you 9 minutes of time to do it any other way!Next issue is email. No matter how hard I tried, I can only send email out. Funny thing is that a friend of mine bought the same phone locally [ WalMart ] and had the exact same issues with his. He returned it and got another brand of  phone. On the plus side the built in camera is good with a number of controls for picture taking,decent little screen with a not too overly sensitive touch screen. If you just need a phone this will do. As I bought this as a backup phone I'll live with it but not having Bluetooth*******

I really like this phone. It is such an upgrade from my old one an LG 420G. I wanted to have a holster for this phone and found that a holster for the Blackberry bold 9900-9300 fits it perfect and is only $5 here on Amazon. Again the phone is very nice and it is way cool how you get wi-fy on it and can browse the web for free, It doesn't cost you minutes to use the wi-fy.

In the words of my little brother, now nobody calls him &#34;Grandpa&#34; when he pulls out his Tracfone. If you're cautious, you can use the browsing functions in a wifi network without getting charged for airtime. I bought this about half a year ago, and so far it's held up to a teenager's abuse.

This phone has a very nice look and feel.  I really like the touch screen and the ease of navigation (it is my first touch screen phone).  The full keyboard for texting is very nice.I have two aggravating issues:1)  The volume on phone calls only goes to a "7".  The only way I can hear is to put on the speaker phone while in a conversation.2) As soon as I make a call, the screen goes dark and I can not see the screen to change to speaker mode or make prompt selections.  The only way to get the screen back is to start the power down and chose "no" when asked if I want to continue.  Very aggravating!!NOTE:  The above two issues were MY FAULT.  I was using a screen saver that was not designed specifically for the LG840 and I was covering the speaker and a sensor that made the phone go dark.  After purchasing and installing the proper screen saver, the issues were immediately resolved.After over one year of experience with this phone I am extremey pleased.  Someday I will splurge and get a smart phone, but until then this phone does the job very nicely.

This phone is perfect for me, especially considering the cost.  The phones sound is very clear.  It does so many things.  I like the calculator, the camera, etc.  So far, I've installed music & pictures from my iMac.  I've yet to do all the things the unit is capable of.I'm not happy with the internet on it, but I don't think the net on a phone is a good thing.  The screen is too small.  I'm very happy with it compared to the older Tracfone.  I would say it's almost a smart phone.

I tried several days but it was not one time failure. It received a call in the middle of night when the other person didn't call. I am not sure whether it is an issue of carrier or phone. But it is clear that the touch screen didn't work properly so I need to try several time to get a dial screen. Also I cannot get sound when I picked up a call. Disappointing.

I like Tracfone for the price and coverageThe LG840G is a good &#34;semi-smart&#34; phone with all the features I needIt even has a tip calculator app to do the math in a restaurant

We were looking for a more than minimal Tracfone and this one IS IT! Super easy to set up and use and works great with WIFI. Delivery was even quicker than promised! GREAT SERVICE OVERALL!!!!!!!!!!

Won't handle email. Not the friendliest for texting. Lousey for internet. Makes and receives calls. Nothing to really depend on.

Your probably thinking, If it's that great then why only four stars and not five? It's simple, It's called adding contacts. Sure, this has a Qwerty keyboard for texting, but thats where it ends for the keyboard. If you want to put a contact in your contact list, you will have to use the old one letter at a time method to spell the entire contacts name.....UNLESS, you have another LG phone that already has the contacts in it, then you can send them over to the phone using the bluetooth feature. I had absolutely no problems bring them over from both my Net10LG500G and Net10 LG900G using the bluetooth communication. I tried to get it to work with another brand of phone and it would only send the first name in the contact to it. Maybe I'm doing something wrong, I don't know, anyway, Other that that, I'd give this phone 5 stars. I like it, it's compact, it has good battery life, the touch screen works well. You can also use it as an MP3 player, I don't, but you can. I like the size of the screen, I like the icon setup. It has the High ring to vibrate notification feature. It has a camera, the pictures are pretty good. My wife has one of these and she is on Tracfone, I have a net10 phone with a lot of minutes and service on it. When I saw that this phone just came out for net10, I ordered the phone from amazon and will port my number from another company to net10, then move all the service and minutes from the phone I use as a backup. I ordered a cover off an online auction site. The cover just snaps right onto my wife's phone. I will go ahead and reccomend this phone. I did have the LG800G at one time but had more problems than not with that, this phone is a huge improvement(Of course except for the contact entry mode). For the price, it is a great phone. My wife and I now have this phone. I am planning on moving up to the Tracfone Android soon though.

Not double -- but triple the prepaid minutes!  If you have to have a prepaid phone, this is the one to have.  The touch screen is a nice bonus, too.

My son had a old flip track phone and I bought him this one to look better and have more apps to play with love how it is made and perfect for a teenager.

Good little cheap phone if you're looking for touch screen for the kids something new and different for them a starter touch screen phone good for kids adults will get on your nerves use this phone over all good for kids starter touch screen phone

from the day the phone arrived I opened casing and tried to use phone. NO LUCK. EVEN WENT TO UTUBE FOR HELP. CANNOT USE PHONE AND EVEN THOUGH I OVERPAID FOR ITEM IT JUST SITS. ANY MINUTES USED WAS TRYING TO GET PHONE TO WORK. TOLD I NEED ORIGINAL PACKAGE TO RETURN. I HAVE ORIGINAL PACKAGE BUT PHONE WAS TAKEN OUT. THEREFORE CANNOT RETURN ALLTHOUGH I HAVE PACKAGE AND EVERYTHING THAT CAME WITH PHONE. WHAT TO DO.? OVERPRICED AND IT STINKS. I'M STUCK WITH IT I GUESS.BEATRICE POLANSKY

This is a good beginner phone for my daughter.  It looks like a smart phone so she can at least pretend she has one and works well.  Also connects to wifi so she can check email at home and works as a pretty decent mp3 player too.

I get this because now this day everyone have smartphones, i went just for the looks...but wow., i already put more  than 100 songs because yes it is a MP3 , and when available wifi can be use without spending my airtime.. of course it is not an &#34; i know&#34; but no one can beat the price. !!!really happy.

Easy to use.  Great size for the hand.  Interface much like other Trac phones.  Easy to find cases and screen protectors.  Great value for the money.  Holds battery charge well. Has a slot for memory.  You can expand the memory or move it to a computer to review its content.  Great phone with wirelss internet.  Easy to find jelly case. Price is right!

I purchased this to replace an older Tracfone that I had been using.  Love all the features and the fact that it looks like a smartphone of one of my friends who paid much, much more for it than this one.  Great reception and my old blue tooth headset paired up with in quickly.  Much cheaper buying here than another retailer that starts with a W, was 25% less and mine had extra minutes when I activated it.  Perfect!

Like it !!

i got what i purchased for. im very glad for the speedy delivery by the seller. Amazon.com rocks!!! But always make sure you buy the thing you want. always read the revews

Unable to set up my gmail account . Ok as a phone and storing contacts, but I expected to use it like a smart phone and the browser is a pain to use. By the way this phone is a TracFone and that my be the problem???

Between the triple-minutes, the great reception, the multitude of features and the sound quality, I could not be happier.  Sure, I would love a better camera, but it's not a camera - it's a phone - and I knew it was a 2Mp when I bought it. Great price, great product, and Tracfone certainly makes it easier to get things activated and get things done than the other companies -- so overall, great!  Even came with a Micro SD card --- few phones come with that already installed!

The phone was great, but didn't work in our area. I had to send it back. I hated to do it.

I am learning to use this phone.  My previous trac phone seemed easier to use.  I like the appearance of it and am learning to be careful with the touch when I text.  It's easy to hit the wrong letter.  All in all, I like it and especially the triple minutes.

Being an infrequent user, as I am, I find that having a year's service time remaining before any of my minutes expire, together w/ touchscreen, wifi, and triple minutes suits me, as an infrequent user, right down to the ground.I should add that the year's service time remaining with my phone doesn't come with it, but whenever you get a new phone, or install new minutes, you get an extra 90 days service time added to existing time, before any of your minutes expire; and if you transfer your number to a new tracfone, all your minutes and all or your service time are transferred as well; and of course with built-in double or triple minutes you get that as well.  There are no restrictions such as to time of day, etc, in using your minutes either.However I think it likely that if you damage your phone in such a way that it falls off the network,  this doesn't apply.Another thing, the wifi enables you to use your own wireless router at home or in a hotspot to browse the internet, and thereby avoid paying any data minutes whatever no matter how long you browse.

I like this phone, slim, compact,fair battery life and triple minutes don't hurt.Some features I will never use, but nice to have if i ever need them.

In America Tracfone makes the most sense in the realm of prepaid carriers. They don't try to sale you anything besides their cheap phones and simple plans, and everything they sale does what it's suppose to and does it good. They have data that doesn't consume much minutes for ebuddy or browsing, long distance is 1-800 based and costs the same amount of minutes as local calls(although they don't cover some countries like Estonia); with a huge array of nations, and there are text messages, email, and voice-mail.Now, On to this phone..THE GOOD-Triple minutes for life-J2ME based Apps, Google Earth, lots of games that are functionally on par with Android and IOS games(for small screens), IM support through ebuddy client or site-2MP camera-VGA video recording-Good coverage-HTML+Javascript+SSL capable web browser-microSD card up to 32GB and verified up to class 2 speed-Bluetooth 2.1 with all the modes enabled(file transfer, audio, contacts, modem etc..)(modem probably doesn't work)-MP3 ringtones and media player(podcasts, music downloads etc..) with good sound even in cheap headphones, compared to my high end unlocked xperia-Nice geometry, nice back plate, lots of cases and plates to buy cheap-802.11a/b/g WIFI with WEP, WPA, WPA2 support-Good battery life-Fully functional microUSB port with the exception of host mode, which is commonTHE BAD-2MP camera is cheap legacy webcam grade with no type of stabilization and even with manual white balance and light configuration doesn't pick up most dark colors, and even when it does there is heavy grain, motion blur, and fringing-Web browser dies or reboots the phone OS when you browse too complex web pages. I suspect because the phone only uses RAM, which it has very little of, for rendering and cache for storage with no pagefile/swap; I've seen this before on Java based phones, I don't get why they would just let the OS reboot instead of coding in a RAM cache-No flash(kinda expected though)-Screen has extremely low PPI/DPI, color range, and if you look at it from even the slightest angle you see gray-Screen cover material not really scratch resistant, compared to even the first generation of gorilla glass-Bad analog circuitry on the headpphone jack, tested with all types of headphones. You get buzzing if you put pressure on the plug or cross headphone wires a certain way-I can't keep it on and locked in my pocket because somehow it dials emergency or my contacts sometimes. Holding volume or power unlocks it but how it gets to contacts or dialpad I don't know. I'd like to keep it on to check time at work but can't..SUMMARY: Unless you want to deal with the fees and maintenance and activation of the big carrier prepaid plans, go with Tracfone and go with this phone. Carry an internet device separately though that has flash and can handle any website; like a cheap tablet or 7" netbook. You can actually likely use this phone as a modem for it over USB and BlueTooth. I don't text and only make 1-2 calls a day tops so I do the $9.99 online airtime a lot to conserve money.

My brother and I bought our LG840G's last Christmas (2013), so we have been using them for 12 months - they are great.  The only down thing is that you cannot transfer photographs to your computer, but can send them to an email address.  We also have silicone jackets for them - and sometimes when trying to get them out of your pocket you inadvertently, end the call before you can answer it, but that has nothing to do with the operation of the phone.  The phone is user friendly - I am over 70 and it was easy for me.  I resist smart phones (I don't know why), but I do - this is the closest transition phone.  My husband has an old phone - a little slide up tracfone - and I haven't gotten him to update yet - but I catch him watching me use mine.  He is kind of behind my brother and I - as soon as I upgrade - I will try to give him my LG840G. I can go days without charging it too.  I try to shut it off at night - and if I do - it lasts even longer - almost a full week before it goes down to 2 bars. Believe me, you cannot go wrong with this phone.  It also takes great video pictures - even when you are in the car shooting from the window while moving. Recently, we were in Lake Placid, NY and I was taking videos of some of the mountains and lakes - and was shocked to see a beautiful - not blurry at all.  Get this phone, you won't regret it.

I have had the phone for almost a month, I have loaded it with the mintues and everything up, but it does not receive or send calls or texts. Every time I try, it says this phone was previously inactivated.

It says it does a lot of things and it doesn't. I spoke with Tracfone directly before I purchased it and they told me I could get apps from the internet and use my Square with it and that was a lie. It will only do apps you buy from Tracfone and nothing else and Square doesn't work because you have no internet google play available.

I bought the lg800 phone with 400  1yr min. which triple to 1200 for $79: phone was basicly free and min were basicly discounted $15 over reg price of a 400min. 1yr. card. The lg 800 phone constantly locked up when using it on phone calls. Locked up when receiving phone calls. I don't see how it ever got to be so popular with such a glaring defect. I used it for 2 weeks and had to by the LG 840 phone. this lg 840 model is vastly improved. a bigger brighter screen easy to use and never locks up. I transferred my min. over from the lg800 to the lg840 This a great phone

This has been the best quality phone I have had from Tracfone in the 12 years I have used their service. With Tracfone I don't pay extra fee's and or taxes that other cell programs tac on to the exorbitant monthly bills.  I don't live for 'words with friends', so tracfone is my choice.

This is a good basic cell to have. It is easy to use. Would recommend it for basic cell phone users

For the price you can't find a better phone, and with triple lifetime mins you can't go wrong! Get one!

I give five starts because I have a great experience with this kind of prepaid phone. I would recommended because I has used for more than four years and it is easy to use without contract and I use the minutes I have.

I love this phone. I upgraded from a flip phone and am very pleased with the simplicity and durability of the LG 840G. It takes very good pictures and excellent video as well. It is easy to navigate and very user friendly. I would recommend this phone to anyone who is moving up and not ready to pay an arm and a leg for a phone that they never fully understand all the functions.

Very nice phone..easy to use. The ring tone is very loud and the signal is always strong. I live in an extreme rural area and my signal is always there, never have any dropped calls. I am also not very good with electronics and this phone is easy for me to operate and also has a long battery life, only needs charged every other week. After I had mine for a few weeks, I bought one for my husband.

A simple phone that does what you need.  I decided to upgrade from a flip phone and while the LG 840G is a basic phone it does all I need.

I like the prepaid cell phone option, and when I saw this I was excited as I wanted to have a browser with a screen larger than one inch. As I used the phone I soon became disappointed, and believe me, I wasn't expecting a smartphone.Pros: can text with a keyboard, can easily send a picture, like the little notepad feature, touchscreen works wellCons:*horrible reception--granted, I live in a somewhat rural area, but I can't get cellphone service anywhere near where I live*only time you have a qwerty keyboard is for texting, for everything else a traditional phone keyboard comes up--makes no sense*could never get wifi to work at my house*the browser is fine if you have all day; doing a web search is soooooo slow, and I've tried in urban areas where I had plenty of bars*battery needs charging every two days--probably because my phone is constantly searching for a signal; better when I've been on vacation and actually had receptionI just reactivated my old flip phone, which has bars everywhere I go and a battery that can go a week without a charge.

this is a terrific phone and at a great price; it is the first phone of this type i have used and i find it very easy to operate and understand.  i live in an area with spotty cell phone coverage, so find tracfone a great option.  i use the phone mainly when i travel and can get better service. already, however, with this phone being so easy to use, i am using it more and more even here in my area......i just sometimes have to move around to get service!

I pretty much took a shot in the dark on this product, and I believe it is going to work out just fine for me.  I am still getting used to the features, but so far I am very pleased.

We bought this for my daughters first phone.  She is happy that she has a phone and since it is a pre-paid phone the monthly cost is only $10.  Great for all of us.  She has made no complaints about it and she is able to text her friends and call us when it is needed.

The phone is great with a lot of features.  Price was great and with triple minutes from Tracphone you can't go wrong.

Not a lot of high tech stuff. Which is good for me because I just need a phone with a few extra features. Voice quality is good, range is good for an older model phone. The only complaint I have is I haven't figured out how to make it connect with my car automatically.

This does everything I look for in a phone. Add a 32Gig micro sd card for all your stuff!  Bluetooth, WiFi, MP3 Ringtones, Plays: mp3's, movies and flash games.  The camera is not the best, but it does take good pictures and movies. This is a well thought out phone that will use WiFi instead of 3G when you are in range (this means no minutes used).  Because of the triple minutes, I pay an average of $9 a month for my phone instead of the $16 on my net10 (same company owns both tracfone and net10). I haven't tested battery life, but it seems ok.  The screen is a bit small for e-mail and web browsing, but it works if you need it.  It's a single tasking phone, so you can't browse and talk, but it will let you call someone while you are currently in a call. The screen is very touch sensitive.  Overall, this is a rich featured phone at a great price.

Bought for my son as a stepping stone to a smartphone with contract.  Simple to use, easy to update minutes, good value.  He likes the look of it and it looks like a more expensive phone .

I can't believe Tracfone has WiFi. Everything works awesome. I have Safelink and I have it on this phone. So if anyone was wondering, wonder no more. Don't activate it through Tracfone when you get it, Call Safelink first and they will activate it for you.I love this phone, it works so good. I don't use my phone a lot. I would say I'm average. I check Facebook,Twitter daily.

Well, after getting a bad phone from Tracfone, 2 months of numerous calls to customer service, and being sent a different cheap phone replacement, I finally ended up with the LG 840G.  I needed a phone for my aging Mother that would be quite easy to use and loud.  The LG 840G doesn't quite fits the bill.#1)  I thought it had a full keyboard.  It does, but only for when composing a text message!  You still have to use the tap 3-4 times to get the correct letter when entering contact information, for the notepad, and anything other than sending a text message.  Seems very silly that a full size keyboard is on the phone, but not accessible for everything.  This was a huge disappoint for me.#2)  The phone has 3 &#34;home screens&#34;.  One is called &#34;Contacts&#34; but it is really &#34;Favorites&#34;.  Again confusing when trying to set this up for someone not real familiar with cell phones.  Same for the &#34;Widget&#34; screen - would have preferred it to be called &#34;Home&#34;.#3)  The phone is not nearly as loud as I'd hoped.  The ringer is adequate, but the call itself could be louder.  The call I made was clear on both ends.#4)  You get the most skimpy instructions and the on-line tutorial is not thorough at all.  But I was able to figure out everything.  Someone new to the phone may have more trouble or not use the web.#5)  A great thing was the size of the text, very large and bright!  But this causes most of a person's name to not be shown.  Wish they had used some word-wrapping here.  My Mom only has a few Contacts so this isn't a problem, but still not well thought out.#6)  A lot of features are useless and almost make the phone more confusing than it needs to be.  The widgets are quite useless except for the Notification Bar.  The Notification Bar widget is a very nice feature but could be better.  When I received a text a screen popped up that didn't seem to disappear until I tapped it - so there was no way to miss a text message anyways.  If you dismiss the text, it will show up in the Notification Bar along with # of missed calls and the &#34;!&#34; will turn orange if you have a voicemail.#7)  Most everything is quite straight forward and easy to use, except that darn keypad!  The camera is easy to use, sending a message is easy, setting an alarm is easy.  Folders is somewhat easy to navigate to files.  The Music Player isn't laid out as well and is more confusing.  Also, when marking someone as a Favorite, it uses the first phone # you entered in Contacts, so be careful when putting in your Contacts information - you don't get a choice.#8)  The screen is very sensitive and there is no setting to change that.  Like one reviewer said, I can see that when an incoming call comes in, it would be easy to accidently reject the call when you take the phone out of your pocket.  It also needs higher settings options to keep the screen on for a longer period of time.  For someone not quick they'll be tapping the on button and sliding the lock screen very, very often.I sent the phone off to my Mom along with my 7 pages of instructions, so we'll see how it goes.  It seems that that rather than than make a nice simple non-smartphone that it easy to use, LG cluttered this one up a bit.  I can't help thinking that if someone wanted a lot of features, they'd buy a smartphone.Regarding Tracfone itself - I'd give them 0 stars.  It was a nightmare dealing with them.  I cannot say enough bad things about them.  The convoluted way of transferring my Mom's service over to her new phone was insane.  I had to call her and have go through rather difficult steps to do it.  I was praying I wouldn't have to call Tracfone and use their horrible Customer Service.  They actually lied several times about sending me the phone and sent me a $10 phone to replace my $50 phone - really!  Getting this corrected took 2 months of phone calls and going through their horrendous phone system.  Really, really, really bad!  Had I not gotten the new phone this last attempt, I'd have just thrown the phone away and moved on as one really pissed off customer.I am a android smartphone user with Boostmobile.  I paid $60 for an android phone a year ago.  The LG 840G is way overpriced for what it is.

...so far, so good.I had one of the small LG phones with the keyboard and, while it worked O.K., the keys were really hard (for ME) to use (Not that I've EVER sent a text anyway).I use my cell phone so infrequenlty (just for travel, really), I was intrigued by the ability to use wi-fi to check my mail. Also, the 3-G gives me one more chance to get a call out (I guess).Well, I have the wi-fi configured but not certain how to get on open systems while travelling.The QWERTY screen typing is really so much easier - don't know why the &#34;other&#34; telephone pad configuration for input is offered.. I'll update my review when/if I ever take the time to do it.I was hoping to get a real &#34;smart phone&#34; - and it became available for TracFone a couple weeks after I received this one, I'm going to resist the urge to upgrade.  (Think I'll get an Ultra-Book instead&#60;G&#62;).

My husband needed a new phone, but didn't want a contract, so this is perfect. We love Tracfone and their triple minutes, too! This phone is pretty amazing. Works great and has all the functions of an expensive phone. Just right for the price. Very happy with purchase. Arrived quickly and in mint condition.

Works better than my old LG.  Not an iPhone, but wasn't expecting it to be. Does the job it's supposed to do.

I had other phones not with track and this phone is very easy to operate for my skill level on these things.  I also like the Trackfone family value plan as it rolls over minutes unused and is the most reasonable to operate all the way around.

This phone has a lot of features, not nearly as good as a smartphone but getting there. The internet works ok with WiFi but is very slow when using the 3g minutes, at least in my area. Compared to the Samsung Tracfone I had, this is quite a leap forward. Glad I got it.

I bought this for my son as his 1st phone. If he loses it I'm not out a whole lot of money and not in a contract... It is simple to use and has some good features. The triple minutes is a big plus... I took a star away not because the phone has any real problems, I just don't like that three text messages will takes away one minute. That just seems a little pricey. All in all, great first phone with a good interface that simulates a smart phone.

The phone itself is adequate as other reviewers have said.  I don't expect a Smartphone so it does the job serviceably.  My problem is with customer service.  I'll briefly run down the two problems I've had to indicate my reason for this review.Problem 1.  The phone would not allow me to make a call after I had it about 3 months. Fortunately I still have a landline phone so I called customer service.  To begin, the connection was really bad. It sounded as though the person was standing in the waves on a beach.  I believe it was the Philippines so it was an international connection.  This required me to constantly ask the representative to repeat instructions.  She was patient and after 45 minutes the problem was corrected. Something about the SIM card.Problem 2. I was going to travel and I wanted to access my email on the phone.  Did all the set up instructions per the User Guide for the phone.  Could not connect to my gmail account.  Called customer service. Same problem with poor connection.  To make a long sad story short after 50 minutes talking to numerous people a customer service supervisor told me they could not fix the problem and I would not be able to access my email on the phone.  REALLY???There's an icon on the phone for email, but I can't use it?After I use the remaining minutes I will  recycle it and go to another carrier.  This is ridiculous.

Best endorsement I can give for this phone is that I bought two additional phones for my 80+ year old parents and I only had to spend about 15 minutes showing them how to use them. They now text their grandchildren and send photos to their friends and I no longer get those weekly calls asking how to do this or that. Priceless!!!

Yes this not and iPhone but it perfect for calls , text , music I have 10,000 song load to my mini sd card and able to use in cars

I have not used it yet.  I like the idea of not having to pay a monthly cell phone bill since I am not a heavy cell phone user.  I have the convenience of buying minutes and service time as needed.  This feature sounds like a money saver.  I. S. Dilworth, Louisiana

I like this better then the LG 800 I replaced, Still trying to learn it without reading the services guide.

Great deal great service ,love this& thank you all,

A big improvement over my flip phone.  I like Tracfone, because I only use my cell when I'm traveling or out and about.

I really like the phone.  The only disappointment I had with it is that it didn't come with a manual.  I had to have one of my young friends explain to me that I have to tap to enter information.  Other than that I am very satisfied.

nice touch screen..easy to operate..not good reception where i live , but no phone do . like the triple minutes.

This phone is awesome.  So awesome, I just ordered another one for my friend.  Best of all, no contracts, excellent coverage, and it works on wireless network!

Good phone, not the best but not the worst. Triple min for life makes it a good value for the money, IMO.

I got this phone as a gift, and now I have to wonder. The screen is easy to use, and the sound is fine. However, I have found the messaging features, and its ability to send email to be iffy at best. Also, I've noticed that I lose service far more often than my old less sophisticated phone. I could be wrong, and it may just be me, but I find this phone annoying. I guess you get what you pay for.

got this for my sons first phone. simple & easy to setup. good teaching value phone.definitely recommend .son really likes it

it's a cool phone and everything works perfectly, the only thing is that it does not have  access on google play

Hello,I was about the buy this phone but didn't quite understand the triple minutes mean? how many minutes are they talking about?any help would be apprciated very muchThanks,SKH

I am pleased with the phone and cost. I pay about $17 per month for 2 phones, with 150 and 120 minutes, per month, respectively. I am trying to save serious money for a trip to South America, then Europe and a conventional phone bill of $150/mo would make it impossible to reach my dream.The LG840G do not always provide connection inside mall, school or library, but what else can you expect for paying less than $20 per month for 2 lines.I wish Trackphone will allow free incoming calls and texts from other trackphone users.The trick is to use it little, text more than call, and use email from home to get the best value for your money. Short text message deducts 0.3 minutes and longer ones 0.6 minutes. Text with pictures deducts 1 to 2 minutes. But it is cheaper than calling 1 to 3minutes each time.I am going to get a 3rd phone for another member of my family, which would increase my expense at $24/month for 3 lines.We Americans are in debt because we are spending way too much on cell phone bills and at Walmart weekly trips. If you are serious about saving money, build up an emergency fund or take the trip of your lifetime like me, then ditch your conventional phone plan and get a trackphone(s). Some of us need to factor in that in 2014, we will have the new health insurance expense or the fine.

I don't use a cell phone a lot, but I do find myself using this one more. It's so easy to use.

I bought this phone to upgrade from a Tracfone clamshell phone. It is an excellent upgrade, and I am still getting used to it. However, I have had a lot of difficulty getting the 1200 minutes/triple for life added on. I've had to call customer service twice -- from a separate land line, by the way. The customer service number they provide on the website and in the emails connected me to Verizon, who eventually connected me to Tracfone. So, after several hours online, and two calls to customer service, I think I am finally set.As for the phone's features, I like that I finally have a qwerty keypad to use for texting, although it is very sensitive and results in an inordinate number of typos. Unfortunately, when you are entering new contacts, you have to do it using a phone keypad, not the qwerty keypad, so you are right back to where you were with the old clamshell design.The functions are similar to the old clamshell, so this is an easy transition to make. I don't think I will be using my valuable minutes to surf the internet or connect to facebook, by any means, but I will enjoy the easier texting capability this phone provides.Finally, beware the shipping costs for this item: I paid nearly $25 in shipping for a $100 phone! The only options were 2-3 day priority or overnight, so you're paying through the nose. Not only that, but I ordered the phone last Saturday, and this Saturday I see it listed for $27.99. Grrr.

Great size phone with a sensitive touch screen.  Far better then the LG800 that I had before.  This phone is very close to a android in feel and touch.  Transferred all my contacts using Bluetooth from my LG800 phone to this one.  Only found one thing that it wouldn't do, is change from listing my contacts by first name only.  Tracfone told me that if I wanted to list contacts by last name, I would have to put their last name in the first name window and their first name in the last name window, when adding names to my list.  Everthing else is great!!

This is so much better than the cheap trac phone I had before and I like that It has so many features on it.  I don't make very many phone calls but like that I will have it in an emergency or on a trip and it has triple minutes.

Great Value in a TracFone. It works well, is easy for me to use, and I feel that it is a fantastic value for a phone. I was able to upgrade the included 2Gb Micro SD Card to a 16Gb type 10 bought on a Black Friday deal. The Touch pad is responsive, Menus are straightforward, and build quality seems very good so far. It is a huge step up from my Samsung Slider TracFone. I was able to check my Amazon.com account with this Phone as well as Facebook. I have never been able to do basic functions like this with any previous TracFone. Money well spent in my opinion.

This is certainly easier to use than my last phone was and I'm very happy to have the triple minutes included in the deal.

I hope to learn how to use it soon. I love the triple minutes. It's better than my old phone.

Bought this for the wife. Less expensive than the TRACFONE website. Best option with triple minutes. She love the the text and Facebook features. You can't go wrong!

it was just what i wanted works perfect and i got 2 days early easy to setup and fully powered up

I BOUGHT 2 TRACFONES AND GOT A GREAT DEAL I WANTED TO GET THEM AT DOLLAR GENERAL FOR $20.00 EACH BUT THEY RAN OUT SO I WENT TO AMAZON.COM AND LOOKED UP TRACFONE THEY HAD THEM FOR $27.99 SO THE TOTAL WAS $61.98 AND I HAD 2 COUPONS THAT TOOK OFF $33.55 AND I GOT BOTH PHONES FOR $28.43 WHAT A GREAT DEAL I LOVE AMAZON AND MY HUSBAND AND I BOTH LOVE OUR PHONES

all touch except wake from sleep button and press-and-and hold on/off button.  moving the mother-in-law into phone with easy-to-read screens for decreased frustration in use.

Been wanting one of these for so long had to get two of them.  They work really well and easy to use and figure out!

I like the size of this phone and the ease of typing in text. The alarms come in handy for me as well as having a calendar to view on my desktop is nice too.

The phone was an upgrade from my old LG800. After getting used to the change in OS the phone is much easier to use and the ebst thing is battery life. Depending on use my battery can last almost a week. Only negative is having to press the power button to help unlock the screen.

If you live in a rural area the reception on this phone is not the most reliable. The signal comes and goes even if you keep the phone in the same spot.  The triple minutes is a plus, it will connect to our Wi-fi but not to our internet. Texting works great though. The tracfone technical support was not very helpful when I called regarding issues with signal.  The website was worse. I would not recommend this phone for someone needing a reliable source of communication in a rural area with low signals.

Sometimes when I dial, it doesn't even ring.  If I do get through, it frequently just disconnects. Callees at the other end sometimes report &#34;I'm cutting out&#34;.  It seems terribly sensitive to the touch.  Possibly if the end of your ear touches the screen while talking youinadvertantly end the call.  VERY frustrating instrument.  I wouldn't recommend this thing to my enemies - well, yes, them only.

its great, easy to use and highly functional. I would recommend it to anyone, a big upgrade from my previous tracfone

The phone signal is not supported much at all in my area I was also interested in an economical camera to carry about with me and while not super it is acceptable and the mp3 player is nice though not great. Also the memory card allows only for data storage and not much by the way of management tools.

I'm happy with the phone and its great for the price.  I have a 32 GB memory card it it so it takes awhile to bring up music.  I can get the Wi-Fi to work at home but have had no luck at work.  I wish that I could find more widgets for it.Its a completely usable product and is a great way to get a touch screen Wi-Fi phone without paying through your nose.  I like it way better than my old phone and would buy it again if I had a reason to.

I realized before purchasing that this was NOT an Android phone.  That part was OK, as I wanted a phone to talk with, perhaps some texting and also to read/send my g-mail.  Well 2 out of 3.  The LG 840 uses some version of Java as an operating system.  From reading, this was compatible with g-mail until August of 2013.  It no longer is totally compatible.  I am able to SEND mail through my g-mail account but not RECEIVE.  From the LG840 blogs, this appears to now be universal.  If I go to the built-in &#34;browser&#34; (in itself an UNBELIEVABLY  TERRIBLE piece of software), I can eventually get to g-mail on the net and log-in.  THE e-mail APP BUILT INTO THE PHONE APPEARS TO NO LONGER PROPERLY ACCESS GMAIL.  So, 5 stars as a phone, 5 stars for a sharp-bright screen, - (minus) 5 stars as a browser and zero stars for the e-mail app.Would I buy this one again?  NO.  I bought it because the ZTE phone (Android) offered by Tracfone had such a bad screen.  Let the buyer beware.If some computer geek knows how to make the LG 840 work receiving g-mail, please comment.  If I can get mine to work, I'll gladly change my rating and comments.

Nice upgrade from the LG flip phone.  User interface is poor.  Not at all intuitive.  But the phone works very well. WIFI capability is very good and works well for an occasional email.  But is way to cumbersome to use as a primary email device.  Definitely worth the price and a great replacement for my original tracfone.

I have had a few tracfones,and this one is by far the best I have owned so far,the Wi-fi works great,and the is really easy as far as the settings panel goes.Boosting up the memory is a good idea,but them sending a 2gb micro with it was still nice.

I have been using Tracfones for years and love them, I can't see myself signing a yearly contract for a cell phone.  I have had the very cheapest ones and have &#34;climbed the ladder&#34; on others.  I have been very happy with all of them.  The only reason I gave this 4 stars is because the booklet that came with it is so basic and to use all the features has been trial and effort on my part.  I did find a site on the computer that helps a lot but as far as the phone itself, like the style of it and once I figure everything out it is very easy but still needed more instructions.  I think prepaid phones are great, started out using one for emergency only when I was driving.  Now I leave it on all the times and it is being used as much or more than my landline.  This was a good decision

I thought for that price that the phone was just the phone and ordered minutes separately. Was pleasantly surprised that it already hadMinutes when I set it up for my husband and 3X the minutes he's all set for a long time.

Texting even utilizing the qwerty option is labor intensive.  Everything about this phone is labor intensive.  I knew it would not be "smart", but didn't think it would be this bad even with the low expectations.  Even trying to type in contacts was a trial.  Would prefer a different phone within the trac system (love not being tied to monthly payments after all :>)  However, one salesperson said the company is pushing more for the straight talk service and the monthly service payments, hence the few choices left on trac phones.  So with the very limited options, am thinking of switching to the old flip phone since that was actually easier to to search and type into...Update:  Took a week to change out phone.  Thought I'd give it a bit(didn't want the hassel).  But in the end, I had to.  The sound quality on this phone was terrible.  Could not hear on it well and others said they either could not hear me well, or I was "staticky".Disappointing.  (Also the battery on phone is less than desirable).Further update:  Purchased the lg530g in its place.  The key pad is perfect for my thumb nails to type a text quickly.  Sadly, can no long utilize home wireless connection or any wifi connections, but since the 840g moved so slow, don't feel I would have utilized it anyway except mini emergencies, and I can use the browser on this newer one if necessary.  I will just have to use my own minutes to do so if needed.  Point being, I can certainly type much, MUCH easier on it.

The specs on this phone look fine. But in real world use, in my experience this phone often dials a number off the dialer list, causing much confusion. This morning  I started the phone from a cold start , and later in the car the phone was calling someone and luckily I could hear it ringing the person in my front pocket to quickly try and turn it off. Later after texting someone, the phone called the earlier unrelated number again.Very frustrating and embarrassing. It's done this multiple times, and from the early days of owning it to after a year and a half.Are others noticing this, or this only in a few cases? Is the touch screen too sensitive? is the phone defective? Am I the only one with this problem?Thanks for your feedback.

Good product - Great price.All features of phone work great.Very easy to use.Battery charge lasts longer if WiFi is turned off,I have had a Tracfone (V170) for several years but this has to be their best phone.

Charging up was a little bit expensive because I bought way too many minutes and the user-interface for the phone was a bit clunky at times, but it did the job.  I live in Japan now so it was great to be able to keep in touch with everyone when I went back.

I like this phone especially for the price. Bought a 16G Memory card because I have about 500 songs I wanted downloaded.  The 2G  Sound Card only hold about 50 or so songs.  The minutes seem to go faster than my previous Tracphone but with Triple Minutes who really cares.  The internet browser is horrible so don't count on logging onto your favorite site very often. Most sites won't download, like my Comcast email account because the screen is not large enough.  Still an upgrade from my previous phone.

This phone makes far fewer Hip Dialing Calls, and I haven't gone to the Browser with unintended searches of the Internet even once. So I can truthfully state that I retain more of the minutes I pay for , longer.

This is my first non-Verizon Wireless phone and service and it is as good as VZW and it cost must less than VZW service.

This phone was brand new in the original case. I love this phone easy to use. I highly recommend a Tracfone over contract phones no hidden charges!!!!!!!

Tracfone Prepaid is significantly cheaper than Verizon Prepaid.  Bye renewal card almost anywhere.  Great signal.

does not have the same coverage as our old flip tracfone even though it is set up with the same area.Went back to the old phone and this one will be given away if I can find someone that will take it.

I got this phone because I was cancelling my landline.  It was very easy to transfer my home phone number to this phone.  I haven't had any issues with signals.  If you're not experienced with a touch screen, like me, it takes some getting used to.  But I love it and am  not paying $40 a month, just $7.

This phone is a good buy for the price. I do not use a cell phone as much as most people, so this phone definitely good enough for me. The Wi-Fi is also a very good feature. Not being locked into a contract and paying those huge phone bills every month is the best.

It is very easy to use and texting is easy. It charges quickly and holds a charge for a couple of days without having to charge.

Best Tracfone I have ever had, the OS is polished and effective, someone spent some time ensuring it's features work. While it is not comparable to the effectiveness of an android - it is very good. I will be happy to buy a years worth of time and have no bills for phone which is the real draw for me after being sure the phone is to be lived with.

I am sure this phone deserves a 5 star rating, but when I got mine, I tried to activate it and found that it is not compatible in my calling area so I returned it with no problem.  Should have checked with provider before ordering.

There are a few cons to this phone, but the triple minutes make it worth it.First thing I did was turn off the increasing ringtone; by the time I heard it, it was on the final ring. TIP: Turn off increasing ringtone.It doesn't have a way to lock the screen with a PIN unless you turn it off... I never turn off my Phone except to reboot it after each charge, so it is a security risk if you lose the phone. Don't keep private info on this phone.TracFone make it easy to transfer your number...Hint for AT&T; customers - don't give tracfone your at&t; password, just your PIN.Excellent product. If you don't talk a lot or use large amounts of data, Tracfone will save you money. If you think you may misplace your phone, don't buy this - won't be secure.

Switched from a Tracfone 500G to the 840G and have not looked back. The only issue I had was connecting to my Netgear wireless...I could connect to the Wifi at Target...but not at home! What I was doing was entering the numbers of my router password from the standard qwerty key board...when I switched to the numbers keyboard and entered the numbers...it logged on immediately.  I note this as I see others are having this problem, and thought this simple solution may help them.

I bought this phone for my wife as she wanted an easier phone to text with.  (We had the old flip phones.)Transferring the phone using the Tracfone website took only a few minutes.  However, I didn't realize it had only transferred 1120 minutes where she had 1900 minutes accumulated.I liked the phone so well, I ordered one for me. (That's when I discovered it wasn't transferring my minutes properly and I called support and they were able to transfer the minutes on both phones in a 15 minute call.Texting works great.  I was able to hook the phone up to my wireless but doubt we will use that much.

I've had this phone for about 4 months and I like it - have always been more impressed with LG products than any of the other Tracfone products I've tried (Motorola, Samsung).  I got it primarily as an upgrade from a full qwerty LG I had previously, because I liked the more modern look/feel of this phone.  The phone performs just fine, I use the phone, texting and alarm functions the most.However I REALLY miss the full qwerty keyboard and am seriously considering downgrading to get it back.  Text messages at least gives you a keyboard to use, but if you use any other function (feeding in names into your contacts, trying to input anything on the web) it's a pain in the behind - a throwback to a decade ago for input.I also have NEVER had a Tracfone that had a good web interface.  To call web browsing "clunky" is to be overly generous.  It is so frustrating that I really don't even bother, from simple email to just doing a Google search it is so annoying I never end up sticking with it long enough to complete!  If you know going in that you will just never be able to really use the internet on a Tracfone, then their phones are just fine - a bargain really!  I have been a Tracfone user for over a decade and it is my only phone, dumped the landline years ago.  But you really must own another device for web browsing - this just isn't it, whether it's this phone or any other in their stable.This phone, like any other Tracfones I've used, is pretty intuitive.  They aren't fancy or complicated, which makes them really easy to use.  You don't have to be a phone guru to use them, at ALL.Great for what it is.

GREAT PHONE, HAVE THE 800G AND THIS IS A LOT NICER, lots of great features for a pay as you go phone

Next best phone to.a android phone. And it you use Safelink this phone is ok to get your free minutes on every month. If you have wifi picks it up great. Costs to much without wifi.

This was an upgrade from my older tracfone, and works superb and better reception as well, very pleased with it.

Love the triple minutes I get and great reception. Sleek looking phone with all the function I need for my business.

I recommend this phone to anyone looking for some nice features on a inexpensive phone. Has lots of bells and whistles, good sound for music, I like that you can turn it for a full keyboard, you do have to have small fingers to use it or a stylus. This would be my only complaint, but for a small phone you can't expect anything more.

The set up was easy and its easy to use. It's a true touch screen.The price was great and like many ofter LG items it has an intuitive feel and works well.

I am so pleased with it.  It is easier to use than my previous phones ... flip phones and slide phones.  It isn't a smart phone, or an android ... or anything pricey or fancy ... but it is smart enough and a pleasure to use.  I get a Qwerty keyboard (easier texting) and triple minutes.  For what I need in a phone, it is a great phone -- and then some.

I needed to replace my old TracFone and found this one to give me all I needed. I've found a couple of quirks but it still more than what I require.

We only need a cell phone for local calls and this is a very simple one to use.  It is self explanatory. We think this will serve our purposes perfectly!
