
Them send me a 2 rong cellphone at rhis phone i9300 brand Sking show me every time the store memory are full , why is full if is new phone

dont bay is a fake non working, mini s3 bad phone . this person is  so innorent . i tought i was bayng a s3 not a mini s3. for this price i got a android s3. he has a bad customer service very very bad custormer service. i rate less then a star

buttons to cheesie touch screen doesnt work very well no android system..good sim card phone tho..gave it to mom shes happy does what she needs text and talks.looks nice..

The phone did nit work properly, could not get it to work on any of our phone systems..phone company could not find the model..Returned this Item...was not happy at all

I hate this phone i. Spend 2 weeks just trying to get whatsapp downloaded an yet i still cant get it on

The software is bad, no detected sim. Do not purchase is garbage.Your money and your time is more valuable than this crap,

not at all what it said it would be! I am angry about this. I got ripped off!!! terrible service as well! it took half a month longer than it was supposed to for me to FINALLY receive this awful phone! the camera is terrible as is everything else!!! I recommend anyone who wants to get this phone NOT TO DO IT! waste of time and money!

Not as I thought this phone is not for adults no application download center for very young kid who wants everyone to think they have an expensive phone!! :(

The phone arrived on time. It was my second purchase in Amazon and I'm happy with it. I'm using it and it's great. Thank You!

Four months now and I am still waiting for phone and did not get back my money. When will I get the phone.

Just a few words, PRODUCT IS LIKE A TOY, DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY ON THIS PIECE.

It is slow anf doednot meet my expectationd. It is horrible and duch a waste of time and money. thankd

I ordered this phone hoping to get a cheap replacement for my phone which I had lost to a washer. This item appealed to me because it was cheap and it said it had Prime Shipping, which I thought would be great since it would arrive two days later! I ordered this product on Dec 5th and after I paid it changed the arrive dates to Jan 20th. Over one month away! It is now Feb and I still haven't received the phone and I've had to file a claim. I would not buy this phone and this seller had lost my trust so I will not be purchasing from them.

The customer service was very good except it took along time to arrive. I have never used it before, so I am yet to find out how good it is. As of now, it is still in good shape.

It's a piece of trash!!! But I'm giving 1-star because what was I expecting for that price. Would not buy again

Left disappointed with the product, the phone came with the flash damaged and therefore does not take good pictures, it is slow to turn, as it would do to return it and send me one with the flash because they do not want to lose my money because I expected better was a total deception. Ratings could only give a star no more  because at least I get the expected time. I encourage you to be more honest and say selling a product to promote

This is a false advertisement it does nothing that it says it does the worst phone to ever buy. It is a big waste of money

Do the phone has a app store in the phone because i need it for downloads for business purpose thanks

got it working after three hours of work and it is a useless waste of time - please do not use this supplier as it does this company no good

I give this phone one star due to after I recieved it of course it's nothing like the galaxy 3, the screen is small doesent quite fit the  approximate size of 4 inches, the bottom right and left keys (options/back) are supposed to be touch sensored but, instead they are push button as well noticably the key for &#34;home screen&#34;. The price of course is affordable for a touch screen phone due to others which are a more advance technology that causes them to be more expensive. So if you're looking for somewhat of a temporary replacement type phone then I would recommend this one because it's inexpensive for a touch screen.

the expectation was below.didnt like it at all. wouldnt recommend this phone. dont buy it.its not what it looks like

THE PHONE SUCKS... IT LOOKS JUST LIKE A MINI GALAXY THERE IS NO INTERNET SERVICE NO WIFI, U CANT DOWN LOAD APPS ON THE PHONE... THEY ONLY THING U CAN DO IS USE THE PHONE AND TEXT... ITS REALLY FOR A PERSON THAT JUST NEED TO MAKE IN AND OUT PHONE CALLS... SO SORRY I WAST MY MONEY...

If there was an option to do less than one star I would. First off it was a day late when I paid extra for speedy delivery. That didn't bother me until I realized I got screwed all togethr. This phone is not as advertized at all. I wasn't even able to activate it through my carrier. Looks nice on the outside but once you turn it on, even the screen seems off. I suggest Amazon remove this advertizment all together.

The was not as describe have no android os can't access the Internet .the micro phone has a static you you can't hear the person or the person can't hear was so disappointed

I could not have asked for a better service. I got received the phone way sooner than I expected. It is a very great phone and I received a ton of stuff with it also. I would highly reccomend it. The price was so, so cheap also.

It is not a smart phone. the letters were not digital. There is no app store. It had a few games on it but it was just not a good phone.

This was not a new phone. Screen was scratched, it was locked and could not use it.  We were told the phone is a global phone.

This phone are broken I can use is bad... too bad. Ilike my money back. How can I do ???

Terrible  I  couldn't use it  as a phone& terrible poor qualityNot what I had in mind at all

the pone work very bad and no respond to the &#34; quad band &#34; , y asqued for 2 and now are in the garbage !!!!!!!!!!!!

Do not suggest anyone order this because it is not worth the money you will spend on this item It does not work properly and is a total rip off!

this phone is extremely slow and nothing wants to load on it. i am very dissatisfied with this phone. yuck

Not satisfied at all never had a complaint or bad order kinda scared to do christmas shopping on website for my kids

buy two, and one already damage, besides passing the screen is very slow and very slow to open icon, I do not serve me, I gave it to my children, do not buy another

hola como se pone el equipo en idioma ingles gracias favor de mandar un mensaje  lo antes pocible  graciastengo un poco de dificultad en usarlo gracias.

The phone didn't even work I'm not happy with the phone at all my daughter didn't have a good x mas because the phone dent work and our phone company could not get the phone to unlock or get services very not satifited.

very poor excuse for a phone. nothing to brag about. no ups. just downs as the exploring went. waste of money and time.

Don't be deceived, this product is NOT as described. I9300 is &#34;SPY CAMERA&#34; brand. It says &#34;White&#34; and it arrived Black. 1st battery was charged, and I switched out to the second battery to charge it, and it required the whole phone to be reset. Lost the time/date. How long has it been since you ever had to set the time/date on a phone? The screen locks up when it &#34;sleeps&#34; and requires several power down selections before it &#34;behaves&#34; properly. I am very dissatisfied with this purchase. It also describes the phone is in English, and that was also not true. Very difficult to navigate to settings and change to English when you don't even know what you are reading in a foreign language. Didn't come with a book.

Its a great phone for other countries not for the technology here. Love the tv u could watch from different places. phone with antenna

I bought this phone and was very disappointed in it's operation. The documentation is very poor, there are NO diagrams or pictures to accompany the product, you have to figure out most things. I am an experienced technician and this has certainly been the worst documentation and product I have seen.

bad product its a total waste of money for the price is expensive do not buy it that is my appreciation sorry

terrible phone.. it is not 4 g .I kept it for a day. the touch screen was horrendous...the phone is very antiquated

No, this is NOT a Samsung.It is a Chinese knockoff, hence why it's so cheap. Don't order expecting the Galaxy S3. :)

They don't work at all it ring u cannot to on it u cant hear on it it's just all bad I will never order anything else from ;.,Amazon

my daughter loves her new phone only it was a little hard trying to find a case for it but i found one that fits....its the samsung galaxy s3 mini case.

BUENO BONITO Y BARATO..JEJEJEJ delivery was fast and the quality is good I will place an internet data plan i wifi is fast. would download the screensaver and I queria.lo tones only bad news is that I'm wrong with tama&ntilde;ao, I wanted one 4.8 ... and this is 4.0 inches

This phone is awful. Number one if you're expecting a galaxy s3 or anything even close look again. I bought this knowing its a knockoff and not expecting much and I'm still horribly disappointed. It looks nothing like the pictures and is significantly smaller than the galaxy s3. It is not even an android system, it is set up exactly like the flip phones I used in eighth grade like 6 years ago. You cannot download apps, get on the internet without trying to throw the phone, or customize or change much at all. The camera is awful but that is actually on here and I knew it would be bad before I got it. The phone barely stays on I find myself having to turn it back on after it randomly turns off at all day. One good thing I can say is that the battery lasts FOREVER, but that's because I LITERALLY CANNOT RUN ANYTHING- facebook, internet, email.... nothing. There are better knockoff phones I know that for sure. This is a GIANT waste of money no matter what carrier you are using. Also, I am using this for straight talk and still haven't gotten the internet set up because the APN settings are just ridiculous and nothing how they should be. So I would definitely reccommend NEVER getting this.

Didn't like it at all. The quality very poor and the screen didn't work.. Tried to use it but got tired of trying

This phone is not good its slow it drops call it call the wrong people it kicks me off the net everytime. No one shouldnt buy this phone.

Dont waste ur money on this phone. It is just a toy. Doesnt have WIFI,camera sacks, even numbers dont dial to make a call. Ordered two and couldnt return. Seller didnt respond to my emails. Ended up buying android note, almost the same price and love it.

I loved it,  Just it didn't contain any memory careds. Since I am disabled, I am unable to get to the store to buy them

Was not what i wanted.  Plugged in but  could not turn on.  Had and antena.  Cant remember when i  last saw a phone with and antena. I would not recommend.

this phone has not been deliverd to me and a purse that cost 80 bucks didnt come and i need it

I wonder if this phone supports whatsapp? are very grateful to the heart is the request that I have this big question

it is good enough for the price not for a person who does everything on their phone but good enough for you basic functions

Great phone if I did not know any better, I'd say it was an iPhone.  I am very satisfied with the phone.

This phone is a complete piece of carp. It does not work on AT&T network. It is slow and cheap feeling. It did not come with a users manual. The headphones were red and broken.  Very disappointed. I will be requesting a refund. False advertisement .....period.
