
This product was not available from Google for a long time due to high demand.  Now it is back in stock and is available from Google Play website. 8GB is $299 and 16GB is $ 349.  I ordered a 16GB and received it within one week.  Great phone.  Don't fall for those one star reviews.

Don't pay more than 299 for this phone.  Not here, not from T-Mobile, not anywhere.  Get it for 299 from Google Play to get the most value.  At this price, this is one of the best values in smartphones I have ever seen.  This is a competitive phone.  The Samsung Galaxy S4 and HTC One are all out with their awesome specs--but they are all 600 dollars.  This phone is still competitive at half the price, plus you get the goodness of the unvarnished Android 4.2.2 (soon to be 4.3) experience without all the Samsung/HTC bloatware.  So this phone doesn't need quite the same amount of power to run as smoothly.  I personally have a Galaxy S3 issued from work--a great device, but if I had to go back to my own plan I would buy this.  I bought one for my wife months ago, and just ordered a second one for my son.This is the closest thing to the iPhone you can get in the Android world--and by that I mean a phone delivered to you exactly as Google intended, without all the manufacturers (eg, Samsung) and carriers (eg Verizon) add on apps that clutter up other phones.This is the easiest thing to a no-brainer in phone purchasing.  Only knock?  No LTE.

Bought the 8GB unlocked Nexus 4. Activated it with T-Mobile. Phone worked great except it had problems receiving text messages. Friends would text me but the phone never received them. Tried a new sim card but that didn't seem to help. Took it to the T-Mobile store and they didn't know what else to do other then switching out the sim card and playing with a few settings. Nothing seemed to work. Switched to a galaxy s 3 and love it.A couple other points I will make. I bought the phone for my wife, but the stock android on the nexus 4 certainly isn't as refined or pretty as the customized Android you find on the GS3 for example. So for hardcore users, the stock android experience is probably fine, even desirable, but for my wife she hated it because it wasn't as user friendly for her. Got her a GS3 instead as well.Price is certainly right for the Nexus 4 and no contract with T-Mobile is the bomb.Technically, the nexus 4 is capable of 4G LTE on T-Mobile but you need to root your phone and install a developer's OS and change your radio settings. But it works if you are technically savvy. Many articles on developer websites on how to do this. However most people, don't have the knowledge to do this and frankly the jump in speed from HSPA+ to LTE isn't all that meaningful for your every day user.

I broke my phone about 2 weeks ago and I decided screw the contract and bought a phone free and clean. So I decided Nexus 4. It was the best decision I have made so far. 300 8GB unlocked phone for $299 + S/H + Tax still come to $336 direct from Google Play Store. It has Quad Core processor with 2GB running RAM. I use my dropbox and Spotify. So not much of sync my "Music"/"Videos" much on my side. So 8GB is more than enough for me. This phone ran great. No AT&T; or T-mobile Bloatware. Those things will slow down your phone so much and I hated them.The only thing you need to watch out for is AT&T; 4G LTE is not compatible with Nexus 4G radio frequency. It will only work for T-Mobile in Certain area in San Jose. You will able to find more article online about this. The only thing I can get out of ATT is HSPA really sad. For regular user, it is not a big deal. But I was really wanted to use my phone to be mobile hotspot. And ONE great thing about Nexus 4 is you are automatically get the Mobile HotSpot without subscribe to their extra data package. But watch out for hitting your limit.Overall, it is a great phone and it is really 1 of the best phone out there at this time.Updated: (7/14/13)I rode a mountain bike trail with my phone. I was doing downhill and my phone dropped out of my packet. I was down 10 meters before I could stop and looked for my phone. I thought I broke another phone. But this phone won't quit. The screen is really tough, not even a scratch after the fall. Even it was face down when  I found it on top of bunch of rocks. it only have 2 cosmetic dents on the plastic rim side. Otherwise the phone is working as usual. Really 1 tough phone!

This is one of the best, no, I should say, the nicest cell phone I have ever owned.  I'm a retired person, so did not grow up with cell phones, but this phone was easy to learn and manage.  I absolutely love it:, the apps are great, I can do anything and everything I can do on my computer, plus I love how easy it is to text and call.  I wouldn't be without it, and would buy another one in a minute.  Way To Go Google!  Keep up the good work!

google nexus 4 is really great smartphone , i like it even though it was a gift to special person  :P but she really deserve it , thanks alot you didn't disappoint me ;)

I owned this phone for 2 days when, like so many other customers, it just died. Adding insult to injury Google Play support denied hearing the problem from other consumers despite the many people who took the time to write about the issue on Google's forum.If you want a brick this is the phone for you.

I've had three Android phones and this one is by far my favorite. I usually leave WiFi on all day and have never had the battery drop below 87% . Combining this with the responsiveness, I don't think I could ever complain about this product.

Buy this phone for a gift, buy in advance for more than a month, but it trusts so they sent, and do not test, when the person received the gift and tested the earpiece does not work, not hear anything, I wrote to the seller and do not received an answers.In amazon always had confidence but this problem really makes me wonder if external stores as reliable amazon to sell within it.

Great design, size and weight. Very fast and I appreciate that is clean Android and not with useless applications from other companies

I really like the phone. It is very fast, easy in use, very fancy and has a nice price compared to other Android phones.The only problem I had was with skype video calls, the phone simply shutted down. Hope it is not a video card but the app issue.

I cant think of having another phone, very fast and very well made, the camera is stunning,it has GPS and GLONASS! Incredible phone !!!!!! Thanks GOOGLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

On screen buttons broke after a year and a month of gently use, still in mint condition... always used with a case and a screen cover protector.Too bad for LG and Google

Its unbelievable. So fast smooth and beautiful from inside out.  I have no complaints. Even at $500 its still a good buy.  The hardware is beautiful.  Great job for both Google and lg.

If you need a bill with the IMEI number in order to register your phone, this is not the seller, the phone is excelent.

It's a very nice phone, very appealing, light weight, and stylish, though is a little too big for one hand only usage. Nevertheless is a very cool phone, Google updates without carrier blocking is one of the most appealing features.The camera is pretty good, and so far haven't had any issues with the phone it self.

Put simply, the Nexus 4 is one of the top phones out right now.The curved edges sound gimmicky, but it really does make swiping off the edge of the screen easier (switching home screens, navigating apps, any time a swipe is used, really).This is a 'Nexus' phone, which means you'll stay up to date with Android updates for as long as it can handle them. Other phones get updates when the manufacturer feels like updating, which usually means that a year after you get the phone, it's out of date. Not so with Nexus phones. You also get to skip the software skins added by other manufacturers (such as TouchWiz, Motoblur, etc). This means a faster, better Android experience.This phone looks stylish, and the glass on the back is a nice touch. It's probably more likely to crack if you drop it, but with a case on it that shouldn't be an issue.This phone has the fastest processor of any current phone (Snapdragon S4 Pro), and has the fastest graphics (Mali 400). This makes everything you do super smooth, and apps load and run perfectly.You also get wireless charging capability built in, but you'll need to get your own wireless charging mat.Unfortunately, 8gb of space is pretty limited (even 16gb is kind of low), and there's no microSD slot to add more. Then again, my last phone had 8gb and I never used that up. With Google Music (which allows you to upload unlimited music to Google so you can access it anywhere), Drop Box, and other cloud storage services, it's not too hard to find ways to handle your data, even if you do use up your 8gb of space.The screen on the Nexus 4 is probably the best there is right now. Super high resolution, and the color quality is perfect. If you're used to a Samsung phone, the colors may seem a little dull in a direct comparison (most Samsung phones have heavily over-saturated displays), but really they're more accurate, and the contrast is still top-notch.The sound quality is very good. Can't really expect more than this from a smartphone. It may not be the best of the best, but it's still very good for phone calls or listening to music or game audio at modest volumes.For the size, this phone is relatively light and thin. Not the lightest, not the thinnest, but still better than most, and light and thin enough to be pocket-able and comfortable in your hand.Another minor con is the lack of a 'user serviceable' battery. Phone batteries now last at least a couple years so this shouldn't be an issue, and if your battery does start to die, you just need to unscrew 2 screws to replace the battery (doing so will technically void your warranty, however), so it's not a huge issue.Being a Nexus phone, you also get the best developer community working on development for the phone. If you want to flash custom roms, run the latest betas, or customize your phone a lot, this is definitely the phone you want.Basically, if you're going to get an Android phone and you want the best there is, this is a great choice. If you can get it for $300 directly from Google you're getting an amazing deal. If not, this is still a phenomenal price for a top-tier Android phone.

great cellphone!!

I did not check on the 4G capabilities of the device...But this device works as advertised and it is beautiful. I am waiting for the software update with which the 4G capabilities are planned to be added...

I haven't personally used this, but from everything I've seen about it it's a great phone for $300 if you want an Android experience. But Google sells it for $300, so you shouldn't be paying extra to get it from a third party.UPDATE: I have gotten my hands on one for a few weeks of usage (as a WiFi device, no SIM). The screen is definitely bigger than what I'm used to with my iPhone, but it looks great. Flash is bright. Performance is decent considering the price. Good build feel. I like how it doesn't have a tweaked version of Android and how it's always on the latest version. Battery life is ok.

This is the best Android phone I have ever used. It runs pure android and gets it's updates straight from Google so you don't have to hassle with ridiculous carriers.

This phone would be perfect for me if it wasn't so unreliable. It shuts itself down at least 3 or 4 times per month. During this time you receive no calls, wake-up alarms, or whatever. Sometimes it happens more often. I purchased my phone directly from Google, and have tried to resolve the problem through tech support without luck. I wish I had purchased through Amazon, because I would have returned it.

You can go to [...] and get this device for $200, get it now while it still lasts!!![Extra Words - this is a word of the words in this review]

I love this phone. If you're on T-Mobile and getting HSPA+ speeds anyway, there is literally no downside to this phone. It's fast, light, incredible display, great camera...and most importantly no contract required.

Pure and fast android!Very beautiful mobile, great camera,  a nice size to see videos and pictures.overated my espectations

I have been using this phone for sometime now. I absolutely love it. If I were to try and find any fault, it would be that I wish the camera was more vivid. I have been comparing the picture quality with  Galaxy SIII - Galaxy seems to be better.But over all - highly recommended.

Ive been 1 month with phone, everything run fast, open fast, no lags or hangs, I like very much android 4.2.2 and google services. BUT, the only thing this phone doesnt deserves the 5 stars is the BAD sound system design it has; first I have the ring volume at maximum and I cant hear it when the phone is on a plane surface (any table/desk) it lowers the sound like 80%. And if you speak with someone with high volume, everyone around can listen it plus you hear a SSHRH when its too loud.... so in each call you have to control its volume.... Conclusion: the sound design is bad but is a great phone for its price... Im happy with the purchase.

Optimal cost and benefit.Very beautiful, very light and thin.Fast and with a beautiful screen.Certainly a great buy.

Exactly what they oferr; Excelent product and i still think it was a great bargain, the items are solid and beatuful.

This phone is smarter than the usual smartphone and I love it.Google and LG definitely did great on this collab. Design is very nice, and the jelly bean software is awesome.I don't think I would get tired of this phone as easily as I got tired of my old HTC's. The pixel-y design on the back adds "cuteness" to it. and everything about this phone is just simple, which I really like.I love how it's not pricey for an unlocked phone. One thing it didn't really match up w on my old HTC One X was the camera quality. It takes a while to capture a good focus. The phone in general is super fast and ORGANIZATION. It's really not like every phone. This is nice and neat and organized.Everyone talks about it's battery life that dies down fast, but this actually kept up far better than my HTC One X. Lasts me all day and I listen to music and surf the web quite a lot.Google Chrome is one of it's best features as well. Love the tabs and how you can have your home page of chrome on your desktop synched to your phone.Very clean design, I must say though that since I am w AT&T; and this phone doesn't run w the 4g LTE AT&T; offers, it's not as fast.I love the apps. From google earth, to google wallet and especially the currents app! I love all the news feeds through different publishers.I'm hoping to purchase the charging orb soon :) you'll be super excited to have this phone.

I chose Nexus because I like Google developments. I would buy it again. It has amazing resources I cannot live without anymore.

the best android phonegreat camera, excelent performancereally nicesmart buyer, no earphones includedbest relation price / product

I have been a long time iPhone user (3G, 3GS, 4, 4S & 5). Through out that time I have played around with random Android phones. There is one thing that was just no match for the iPhone and that was the general smoothness. I can now say this is the first Android phone I use that I don't get frustrated with. Android has come a long way. I believe it now on par with the iPhone.Now for a review of the Nexus 4.It is a beautiful device with its glass front and back. The pattern on the back glass is cool but you forget it's there since I rarely look at the back of the phone. I was surprised with how good the rounded edges of the front glass feels, I didn't expect it to make a difference but it does. The device in general feels solid and very well built. Not too heavy not too light. The only thing I didn't like about it is the buttons sometimes feel a little cheap, not a solid click.Software wise it's running the pure google experience with not crazy, sometimes useless, memory hogging add-ons from the carriers, which is a big plus. As I've already mentioned the software is buttery smooth, no lag. Google Now is AMAZING, as long as you forget (ignore) how creepy it is. But I seriously am enjoying it. It tells me when my packages ship, how far im from home or my next appointment, good places to eat, sport scores of my favorite team all this without me telling google to do it.Overall this is an great device.

just a sexy smartphone i love my Nexus 4 ,,,,,,i got the 16 Gb from google play....i used to loved iphones no mas,  to small for me ...know im an android lover,,,,,,,,,,,a mi me encanta mi nexus 4 solia ser un amante de los iphones pero desde me conoci el mundo de los androids no extrano apple ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,

Le he puesto 5 estrellas por que funciona perfectamente y es lo que esperaba.Es rapido ,bonito y funciona a las mil maravillas, encima de precio es genial. El unico problema que he tenido es que me lo he tenido que comprar en USA por que aqui en espa&ntilde;a estaba agotado.Por lo demas estoy super contento con la compra.

I've used this phone for about a month now and this phone has it's up and downs.Pro:Gorilla glass backSoft touch buttons are on screen (doesnt effect the proformance)Clean jellybean uiHalf price of galaxy S3Photosphere camera feature is unquieCons:Battery doesnt last as much for 2100Overheats fast when playing hardcore games8gb isn't enough (5.5 GB use able , I advice you to get 16gb worth the extra $50)

First off, I bought this with the understanding that &#34;unlocked&#34; meant I'd be able to take my phone to a new carrier after being tired of AT&T.; I was wrong.Now on to the issues with the phone:Music- it is frustrating to navigate back to the main &#34;albums&#34; window. I have to hit the button about a dozen timesToo easy to hit random buttons and negating the carefully selected queue.Need to connect to computer to delete music.Phone- Screen is sensitive to making emergency butt calls when locked.Hitting contact name MAKES call instead of bringing up contact info.Camera- Meh. Love that its linked to my G+ page, saving a step to upload photos.I wonder if the Nexus 5 is any better

This is a good price Cell phone, you get the stock android expririence and the latest updates from google. I still prefer the Samsung S4

Just to keep it short and to the point.Pros:Great screen sizeFeels solid / good build qualitySilky smooth Snapdragon processorEverything is synced though GoogleCons:Speaker placed awkwardlyLoudspeaker sound is not the bestNo physical home button (not a huge deal but I still miss it)All in all its a great device and in my opinion the biggest bang for your buck by far if you're looking for an Android phone. Off-contract? There is no competition. On contract: only the GS4 compares.

I love this Phone, im very satisfied with the phone. I recommend it. I can't find a bad thing for it

I've been selling cellphones for the past 3 years at RadioShack and literally use every phone that comes out. This is by far the BEST PHONE I've ever used. Smooth is an understatement, features are amazing and those that cry about not having LTE should just buy a phone that supports it, because the the nexus 4 doesn't support it and I still think or an amazing device. By the way its SEXY AS HELL!!!

First of all I would say the phone is 3.5/5. Overall the quality of the phone and pure android experience is what makes this phone so appealing. The specs are great and the phone feels excellent in hand. Also,  wireless charging is a major plus, but the positives stop there.The battery life on this thing is just flat out bad. 4.2.2 did help it out tremendously, but it still is by no means good. I would be shocked if anyone other than an extremely light user gets through an entire day. I would put the battery on par with an iPhone 4s. Secondly,  the camera is barely passable. The shutter speed is slow and taking low light photos, forget it. Another major draw back is the on screen buttons. This sounds great in theory; However, it really makes a 4.7" screen closer to 4.3."  That may not sound like a big deal on paper,  but in every day usability it is very noticeable.In conclusion,  the phone is great for the price. There are unfortunately a few shortcomings that make the phone not worth it for me personally.  Maybe the Nexus 5 will get it right. I didn't comment on the lack of Lte because that is known from purchase point and being an international phone it is not surprising. Fix the camera and battery and it would be a 5/5.

Expected to have the latest android and it does.It is as strong as the best phones androids market and a much cheaper price.

A techie friend told me that if he was going to buy a phone it would be a Nexus and I now know why. It is beautiful, slick, sleek and very very talented. Everything about it is well done. I had no problem buying this unlocked and then slipping my Swiss SIM card in (once the same techie friend trimmed it down to micro-SIM size with an exacto knife!). Highly recommend it.

I've been a Nexus user for 2 years now and I can't be more satisfied. Android is the best for me and suits all my needs. The new LG phone is a good size with great specifications. You won't be deceived, it's a great smartphone!

This phone is awesome! Especially for it's price.I got it at tmobile for $550!I originally wanted to get a Samsung galaxy 3 but the employee suggested I try this phone since it was around the same price. I was kind of disappointed since this phone does not have a microSD slot but with great quality it didn't really matter to me anymore.The performance is super smooth even though there's a lot of apps. I haven't had any issues with it for the last 1  years that I've had it.The grip around the edges is really nice considering the glass can get slippery.I also enjoy getting system updates since when I originally bought the phone it was jellybean but it has upgraded to kitkat.I think I care for my things better than most people my age so I don't understand how people break their screens- if your clumsy, I suggest you buy a protective case :)

For this stunning a phone, the only drawback of consequence is the fragility of the screen.Update (Jun 9, 2013):Some notes after further using this phone:- The battery won't last you from morning to evening if you have 3G, Wi-Fi, GPS running on it with a couple of background apps like email, Twitter, and if you use the phone for more than a few minutes of call. You will need to recharge the phone by afternoon.- Despite the promise of no bloatware, there are some Google apps that run on the phone that you cannot kill or choose to stop. Like Google search, google mail, YouTube, Google Talk, etc... Kill the task, stop the process, and they pop right back on.- Camera: the camera app that ships is in dire need of fixing. No complaints with the photos or videos, but the camera has this habit of pulsating every few seconds; it goes out of focus and back into focus every three seconds, and drives you absolutely nuts.Rest of the review:Having used smartphones since 2010, and having experienced the LG Optimus LG 540 (the worst phone I have used in 15 years), which cost Rs 11000, and the Samsung Galaxy Y (a very good bargain for the price), which cost Rs 7,000, using the Google Nexus 4 (manufactured by LG) was quite stunning a difference. For a phone that is less than half the price ($299 for the unlocked 8GB version) of an unlocked iPhone or a Samsung Galaxy S4, this phone offers virtually the same feature set.Pluses:+ Quad-core processor, 2GB RAM (yes, two gigs), and a gorgeous 1280x768 screen at 316ppi. The iPhone 5, by way of comparison, offers a 640x1136 display, at 326ppi, and the Samsung Galaxy S3 offers a 720x1280 display at 306ppi. Both the iPhone 5 and S3 have 1GB RAM. In the 2+ months of usage, I have never had memory usage exceed 1.3GB.+ Display: the display is uniformly even to touch, and a light gesture or tap is all that is needed.+ Performance: I have not had any lag when using the display, nor have I yet seen the screen freezing. I have played games and movies, all without issues. Apps start fast, and even graphics-heavy apps like games work without any lag, jitter, or abruptness.+ Upgrades: since this is the base Android experience, with no carrier or vendor skins overlain, I get Android updates as soon as they are available.+ No crapware: again, since this is the base Android install, I do not have any unwanted apps that I cannot uninstall or stop. I have installed the free AVG AntiVirus free app and use that to monitor performance as well as running apps and their memory usage.+ The camera can produce gorgeous images. Especially in bright light I see very, very little difference between the images the Nexus 4 produces and what most point-and-shoot cameras can produce. I have not used my P&S; since this phone. And did I mention it can also shoot 1080 quality video?Minuses:Three, perhaps four, drawbacks basically, and in order of their severity, are:1. Screen fragility. Every single review I have read has drawn attention to the fact that this is an all Corning Gorilla glass display, front and back, and can crack if dropped on a hard surface. Apart from being gentle when using the phone, I have also purchased a cover for it. The fragility of the display is the single biggest drawback of this phone, IMO. If you don't drop it, and don't crack it, woohoo!2. No expandable memory: If you buy the cheapest Nexus 4, it costs $299, and comes with 8GB of onboard memory, of which only about 6.5GB is available for your apps and storage. Since there is no expandable memory slot, you are stuck with what you get with the phone. You have to shell out an extra $50 to get an extra 8GB of memory, i.e. $349 for 16GB, and that too when you buy the phone. If after buying the phone, you decide you need more storage, tough luck. This sort of sucks, but, again, if you plan on making extensive use of the cloud to store files that are large, then you can live with this limitation. Given that additional storage is so cheap - you can get a 32GB micro SDHC card for under $30, it would have been nice to have the option of a SDHC card. Not good.3. No replaceable battery. If you end up using the phone beyond what its battery will last, then you basically have to junk the phone, since the phone cannot be opened to replace the battery. Bummer.4. No LTE: Here in Bangalore, while 3G service has been available for a couple of years, Vodafone is unable to provide even reliable 2G connectivity where I live, so picking lack of LTE in the Nexus 4 as a negative is a meaningless quibble. Of course, if in your area 4G is available and offers its promised 20+mbps speeds, then this is a more important feature than it is for me.In summary, initial impressions over the first two months of usage have been very favorable. Of course, its longevity remains to be seen, and if it can last two or more years without breaking down, it will have been the best phone I've owned. Almost like a throwback to the solid and reliable feature phones Nokia used to build - that took all forms of mishandling and yet kept working without complaint.

This phone is pretty much the pinnacle of what Android has to offer right now. It looks and feels sleek and solid, it's an absolutely fantastic performer, and it's a Nexus product which means you are guaranteed software updates straight from Google for at least the next few years.Here's the problem though (and Amazon's dirty little secret): this phone should not cost 600, or even 381 dollars.You can literally buy it directly from the Google Play Store, unlocked, for 300 dollars. Let me reiterate that: The list price, from Google, for this phone, is THREE HUNDRED DOLLARS, NOT SEVEN HUNDRED. Yes, the availability is a little slim right now, but it's totally unreasonable of Amazon to force people to pay double what this phone is worth.Buy this phone, but don't buy it here.

Nexus 4 is great, is very fluid and the screen also looks nice. The only cons would be the space and the battery that doest last that long but it is still a nice phone, very pretty!

All you people paying 500 for this phone while its in the play store for 150 less is crazy. You people enable these sellers and buyers to rip you off. You're paying non contract price for a non contract phone.. may as well as buy the note 2.

iPhone fanatics say their devices are &#34;simple&#34;, we call our devices &#34;more advanced&#34;.  Android for the win! Nexus 4 &#62; iPhone 5

This is the first phone that died on me in less than a year. All it took was 1 drop. The screen cracked in the bottom left area and now the entire touch screen doesn't work even though my phone had a cover. Google says talk to LG and LG said that I can send my phone for repair. When I asked them how much it will cost to replace the screen, I just got a response that it will be quite expensive and so it's probably not a good idea to send the phone for repair. This is the first time I had to call customer service for a phone and it was extremely unpleasant.My HTC Nexus One still works. For some reason as the number goes up, the quality goes down.I will never consider buying a Nexus phone if it's made by LG.

i choose this rating because se is the best phone in the market beside es mur cheapper than the most phones

First of, there is LTE in the phone and if you go to tmonews dot com read about it.Second, "why bother to sell it in the US? You mean you're annoyed because you are with the wrong cell carrier? I have T-Mobile for 30 bucks a month with 5 gigs of the HSPA+42 and unlimited the rest of the way at their standard speeds, plus UL text. Only 100 of voice, but past that's it's only a dime a minute. I rarely go over. Why people are paying 80- 100 dollars plus for a cell plan is beyond me.Third, Verizon's "LTE" is slower than the HSPA+42 in my city (and a bunch of others). I sat my phone next to my kids Verizon Iphone and my neighbors ATT Iphone5. It waxed the both of them.LTE is a term, that's it. So is 4g, with no speed standards for either.The standard to call a phone 4g is if it's faster than 3g. It could be only 10 percent faster, but that's all they need to gloss up that brochure. They are marketing terms to sell to some of the dim witted public. It's the speed that counts. When they pick up a sliver of speed of speed, wait for 5G and Super LTE + terms to rear their heads. It's all BS.A snippet of a review:In speed tests conducted by PC Magazine, T-Mobile's HSPA+ 42Mbps 4G network beat Verizon's 4G LTE network in 11 cities. What does PC Magazine think about T-Mobile's HSPA+ service? "It's really fast, covers a lot of the country and is inexpensive," says the publication. Taking it even further, PC Magazine says that with this type of speed available to its customers, the nation's fourth largest carrier doesn't really need an  LTE network except to have the additional spectrum and for marketing purposes. Anyone who thinks that T-Mobile's HSPA+ 42Mbps network doesn't belong in the same conversation as LTE should probably take a look at the numbers

It is absolutely fantastic! I love it. I found out some inconveniences like battery and storage. if you love to play games the whole day day in your cell phone,well, get a small and comfortable charger to take everywhere with you. If you are not a gamer, well the battery will stand for a complete day, even more than 12 hours. It will get hot also, not burn your skin if you use a good cover though. Finally, the only &#34;big inconvenience&#34; is storage. you will only have 8GB two or three movies will fill this phone  up. I will recommend you to get the 16GB version. I guess manufacturers has discovered that not putting SD card slot will help to maintain a good performance at all time of the cellphone. Other than these inconveniences, phone is very cool and for this price fantastic!

The phone is the same as the one sold directly by Google !  This item meet the requirements and is working fine.

this is a good phone, android 100% pure. Updates first yesss. But i brougth this phone for 519 8gb and now is 300+ :(

I've finally found it! This phone does everything I've ever wanted and more! Fast, powerful ... very very cool. I can't see ever wanting another !Good stuff.

Great phone for this price. 2Gb memory, the latest Android system, fast SoC. And not too big size. Excellent for me.

value for money. fast, responsive. only problem is there's no external memory slot.no provider lock in. for iphone users, it looks big in palm.

highly recommend 100%. best phone price - quality. it can compete with the lastest high gamma phone easly. super fast never freeze!

Five stars because: it does not break easy, it's fast, doesn't come with android bloatware. Cons: the screen on/off button is badly, really badly placed. It also doesn't have a camera button. A silent mode on/off button would also be nice. And no slot for memory card at all. All that considered, still the best phone right now.

I overall like this device, which I switched to from iPhone 4. The bigger screen size seems a bit odd at first, but it grows on you fast, and pretty soon I couldn't imagine going back to the smaller iPhone 4 display.The processor and memory are pretty fast, no complaints there. I like the fact that it boasts a file system, so it's possible to save files and email them later on for example. It also has the ability to open, edit, and save MS Office files, which is great. Google Talk works nicely too, compared to iOS where third party for fee apps just don't seem to be able to cut it.On the downside, the speaker phone volume is lower than other mobile devices I've used. And battery life, while not bad, is not great; practically one has to charge it in full before stepping out of the house, and usually plug it back in first thing upon coming back. I read reviews saying the screen is fragile, but so far it's worked fine for me (have had it for a couple of weeks).

If you want a great phone, amazing specs and low price you should definitely buy the nexus 4. Working great, package came in perfectly and I haven't had any problems with it, I've bought this phone for almost every family member now. I definitely recommend it!

At first it's a pure Android smartphone. version 4.2.2. It means no third part customization or annoying software.It's real fast, good screen.It's my first day with it. Soon I will update this post.So far it worth every cent I've paid for it. My best smartphone ever.

I love the phone. Interface is great. Battery life, apps, screen -- everything is amazing. I've had it for about 2 weeks now, and the only major concern I have is that the phone powers off randomly it seems (happened twice so far). Holding the power button for a long time without having the charger plugged in, and then connecting the phone to the charger seems to circumvent the problem. NOT waking up to an important meeting because the alarm didnt go off -- not something circumvented as easily. Hope that this will not be a persistent problem, but from what I've seen on forums -- seems like it might be.

I've been a long-time Apple and iPhone consumer but have to say, Google has knocked this out of the park and surpassed Apple in innovation with this release of the Nexus 4 and the Android 4.2.2 operating system. Not sure I could go back to an iPhone again unless Apple really steps it up.The phone construction is solid and the hardware is fast.

This phone is the best phone I've owned so far.  It's incredibly fast, the screen is perfect, the OS (Jellybean) is amazing, and the price... the best value I've ever seen.I bought this phone direct from google, and added it to tMobile value plan.  I won't bore you with spreadsheets, but I've found this setup to be the most inexpensive.There is nothing I dislike about the phone.  And STOCK google OS makes it even faster.  Some people will whine about lack of LTE, but would you pay more than $300 more (now you are at $600+) for that?  My other choice was the Samsung s3 (which is also a great phone), but when you factor price - Nexus was the clear winner for me.

Really speedy and elegant one. That's plus be a google family have the latest android version 4.3 and soon 4.4.

I had this phone and ended up selling it for an iPhone 5.  It's fast and nice, but battery life was not great.  Just wanted to point out that this says it's by Samsung, and that is not the case it's LG whoever submitted that

Excellent phone, great Android version but unfortunately very poor battery, much worse than in iPhone. Need to charge it sometimes even twice a day.

So I hate contracts, as does everyone else. When the Galaxy S3 came out, I knew I was finally going to sign a 2-year deal, because I wasn't going to throw down nearly $700 for an unlocked phone. So as I was finally going to give into a contract, due to the S3 falling in price,and then I heard an announcement for the Nexus 4. I read up on it, I loved the specs, and I was already with T-Mobile so I wasn't planning on using LTE. I had previously vowed never to buy an LG phone, due to owning an Optimus M for MetroPCS. Let me tell you, that was the worst smartphone I have ever owned (out of 5) I still went ahead an purchased the phone.Purchased NOV 13:This was a nightmare, anybody who was waiting for this phone to come out, knows this. I was up at 3 A.M. and I saw that the Nexus 4 sold out in about 20 minutes in Australia and Europe, I knew the US later that day would have the same result. So, 11 A.M. central time rolled around and the sale had started 30 minutes early, and all the Nexus phones had "Sold Out", you would refresh the page to find a notice saying "Coming Soon." I was mad. This was so frustrating, I had signed up with Google to receive a notice when the phone would be put up on sale, and in return I got squat. I started to go about my day, disappointed of course. I came back to the Play Store about two hours later, and started hitting the refresh button out of frustration, no other reason. Out of nowhere another 10-15 minute window popped up, for anyone to order this phone. I jumped across my room and grabbed my credit card and successfully placed my order. This was Tuesday, the next day an article came out, saying that people started receiving e-mails claiming that the phone was back ordered and they would have to wait 3 weeks for their phone. I sat waiting, I had a feeling that I would receive the e-mail. Finally, Saturday @ 4 A.M. I got an email from Google, my Nexus 4 had finally shipped from Google. The following Tuesday I finally had my NEXUS 4, and it felt like Christmas morning. The reason I included this in the review was due to the fact that GOOGLE, is a GIGANTIC company, this was such a terrible release for their product. Many people sat in front of their computer like myself saw the "add to cart" button, but when they proceeded to check out, all you would get was a constant error. It was so frustrating because here you are trying to give Google your $300, and they couldn't handle the traffic. This is the company who owns google DOT com!!! the company that created Android, the same people who upload 48 hours of videos per minute on YouTube, you get the point. I got a Nexus 4, and I feel like it was pure luck.Finally about the Nexus 4-What I love-* Pure Android Experience: The fact that this phone is made by Google, your phone won't feel outdated anytime soon. Owning a Google phone will assure you that you always have the latest and greatest Android version. In case you're wondering, I enjoy Android and iOS equally, the only thing I can say about Apple is that I can't ever justify spending the $$$ that Apple puts on their products.* the SCREEN: The screen is beautiful, I love the size it's pretty big running at 4.7'' as you probably already know. There's not much more to say*The Price: There is no other phone that can compete with the Nexus 4 and also comes close to its $300 price tag. Dollar for dollar, the Nexus 4 always wins.* x4 1.5 Gz Snapdragon: I love going around saying I have a phone with a quad core processor. I know it's stupid but it makes me happy. Also love having 2 gigs of RAM. I used to use Advance Task Killer App to clear out application and have more open ram. I downloaded it the first day, and every time I cleared running apps, I still had over 1,000 Mb free. So I just went ahead and uninstalled it.*The 3rd Virtual Button: You get 3.5 virtual buttons on your phone. 1-> Return 2->Home 3-> A bunch of squares? 3.5-> Setting/Info. So whenever you press these squares you get all the applications that are open, all you must do is swipe them away and they're gone! I love this feature.*Unlocked benefits: No bloatware, no need to root my phone because I don't any bloatware from T-mobile or ATT, etc...*Gorilla Glass 2: I didn't think this was big deal but after using a week or so, I love the feel of it. You can also Youtube Gorilla Glass 2, and you can see this is some great engineering. I'm probably not going to get a screen protector for a while.*Wireless Charging: I haven't used this yet, but I'm glad it's built in and I will order a charging pad whenever Google creates a pad meant for the Nexus 4.-What I don't love-These cons, are small precise bugs I have found with the phone. These items don't take away the love I have for this phone.*Buttons, lack of: There are no buttons on the phone, they are part of the screen. I know there is a technical term, but I'm tired, so lets just call them virtual buttons. I prefer real buttons so there's more screen space for me to enjoy. For Google's defense, the virtual buttons go away when your watching videos.*Responsiveness: Around 25% when I press the unlock button, the screen will not register my finger trying to unlock my phone. I must press the lock button once or twice then it will allow me to unlock my phone. Some days are better than others. After the phone is unlocked I have NO problems with phone registering my finger movements. This makes me believe it's a software issue.*Sending Pictures: I send a ton of pictures, I have noticed if I have the Wifi on I tend to have failed messages. Turning off the wifi and re-sending the picture tends to fix this issue. I don't know if having AT&T; would change this issue.*Text Messages (This is an Android problem, but it's driving me nuts): Whenever I start a serious texting session, I would say 10-12 outgoing texts a minute, the phone will start giving you alerts saying that the "Messaging" App is sending large number of SMS messages. Do you want to allow this app to continue sending message?...Then you must hit ALLOW, for EVERY single outgoing text for a while, until you start slowing down. I hate this, I have to figure out a work around soon.*Screen Capture: Not a big deal but is pretty difficult to capture the screen compared to previous phones. You must press the lock button and lower volume button at the same time. I have noticed I can't always do it on the first try. Grr.Nexus 4 Vs. iPhone 5?Only you can answer this question. It is a preference due to the following reasons.*Price: Do you mind spending $650 for an iPhone, or signing a contract?*Screen size: Some people like myself need a bigger screen, others can't stand big screens because you can't really operate with one hand on top of other reasons. AND some people just can't make up their mind, this may be you!*OS: Do you prefer the iOS or the Android experience, only you can answer this question.*Carrier: If you have Verizon, the Nexus 4 is not for you due to no LTE. If you have T-Mobile you will have to buy an unlocked iPhone.The Nexus 4 is not the best phone out there, it does have its flaws, but at $300 it puts a big fight. I love the value in this phone, and I can't wait to use this phone in the next months to come, when more accessories and phone cases come out.I didn't mention the built in storage. Most people already know it comes in 8gb and 16gb versions, doesn't bother me so I'm not going to talk about it.My previous phone was a Samsung Exhibit III will update this post if I think of anything else.**********Update*********** 12.6.12#1 Dear Amazon customers, we need to get something straight. I encourage people to write reviews for products they love or hate, it really helps people decide whether they should buy something or lets them be aware if flaws found in products. Please understand that when you leave your rating [1of5stars][5of5stars] ect. It should really reflect your opinion of the product itself and not of Amazon or its sellers. The reason why I mention this is because people are giving poor ratings due to the price of Nexus 4, this is not Amazons fault and has nothing to do with the phones performance. People are crying over the price of the Nexus 4, here on amazon. What they don't understand is that the only place you can buy a Nexus 4 for 299 is the Google Play store, the only other way to get it to walk into a T Mobile store, that's it. The phones you are seeing here, are just people who bought if from the Play store, and are trying to resell it for a higher price, just like on ebay. Don't blame Amazon, because they are not the ones selling you this phone for $500, and don't give a 1 star rating, due to something beyond anyone's control.  Amazon is not a Nexus 4 vendor so don't expect a 299 price!#2 Someone asked about the phone heating up. If you start using your phone non stop, after 10 minutes the phone does get warm. I don't consider it hot, but you will notice it.#3 I can't get around this text message warning windows, I have tried other sms apps and still receive this stupid error. Also, pictures are still inconsistent (When I'm not connected to HSPA+).#4 I've noticed when compared my Samsung Exhibit ii, my connection has a harder time connecting to 4g. I've written the percentages of how much time I'm usually connected to 2g, 3g, and 4g.Exhibit ii2g (Edge)=> 25%3g  => 10%4g HSPA+ => 65%Nexus 42g Edge  => 20%3g  => 40%4g HSPA+ => 40%Hopefully this made sense.Sometimes restarting the Nexus 4, raises my connection from 2g up to 4g...I do this when I'm stuck not even being able to load google. I'm considering lowering my rating 4 out of 5...********Update*********** 1.14.13Ok so currently I have 8 cases, the one I love is one that is being sold on Amazon, made by Diztronics. It shouldn't be hard to find because it has so many positive reviews.I have had one instance where my phone was burning hot... I was surfing the metra schedule for chicago. I believe it was the combination of using the GPS, and Data connection on the phone. I haven't felt any heat since then, but it could possible be the case I have on it.Please Please put a screen protector on it. This is my fault, I guess Gorilla Glass 2 isn't as great as I thoughtit was. I usually place this phone by a stone/clay water fountain (Not filled with water). So last week, it slipped and fell probably less than 4 inches. But the screen hit one of the corners of the fountain. Now there is a small scratch on this gorgeous screen. I guess now that I think of it, I should be glad that it didn't crack.My connection hasn't gotten much better, in case anybody was wondering. Also the picture message problem, I was having earlier, I can go 2-3 weeks where all my pictures go through perfectly. Then, I will have one week where I can't send a single one. I don't know what to think about this anymore.For $300 I STILL believe no phone comes close. That's why I'm leaving this phone at 5 stars.************Update*********** 2.24.13Ok so the wireless charger was released a week ago, so I had to order it day one. I love it, I think its super cool. I don't like that the charge time is longer than with a cord, but I knew what I was getting into. The price was $70 after shipping and taxes. This definitely is not a necessity. If the price bothers you at all, please don't get it, because even I don't feel like its worth $70 but regardless I am enjoying it. The only case that I have gotten to work with the charger is the case made by Diztronic, I was hoping that my Poetic bumper would work but it doesn't.I don't believe I have talked about this but Google Wallet is awesome. If you look it up online there are only 10 phones that support this feature. The only con is that there are very few places you can use it. The only big place I have found is my local Walgreens. You put in your Credit Card info in the app and you can pay by touching the Card Reader with your phone. It is awesome and gets everyone's attention.**************Update************* 3.22.13Please don't buy the wireless charger. The phone constantly slides off the charger. I've owned it for over a month I believe and have only really used it the first couple weeks. I rarely use it now because its such a hassle.If anyone has any questions please feel free to ask, I'm constantly checking this thread.

I almost never write reviews but feel compelled to do so for this product. Two disclosures:1) I didn't buy this phone, my son did. I still use a 4-year old Blackberry that has been dropped and sat on numerous times and still works great.2) Amazon had nothing to do with this purchase (I only have good things to say about Amazon customer service). I am simply writing this to warn other potential purchasers about this phone as Google has no mechanism for public feedback (probably for a reason....)My 15 year-old son bought this phone and had it for about 8 hours before it apparently vibrated itself off a ledge, fell 2ft and sustained multiple cracks to front screen making it inoperative. Careless on his part? Maybe but I know he saved for a long time to buy this phone so not sure. Looks like a really nice phone but it is slippery and very delicate so unless you are going to keep it in bubble wrap, look elsewhere or you will regret it. Experience with Google and LG customer service has been horrid so far.  Appears neither is willing to accept any responsibility that this product is not engineered for daily use.

Piece of art by Google. I am thinking of getting another one. Very useful phone and very easy for use

This phone does all that i need and was affordable! I do not use voice very often. I play music, take pictures surf the web, online banking and use the alarm clock. Simple things that i used to have several products do.... not anymore... also will never have to input contacts into ;my phone again!

the best phone that manufactured google, excellent quality for a very good price, comes with wireless charging apart from all the google apps preloaded operating system. recommended

So my girl came from having blackberry after that phone was stolen (thank you Thief), I did some research and I found out about the Nexus 4.Let me tell you plain simple the phone works, its good, fast, great battery life and she loves it.

This is an incredible little machine. As a former iPhone owner and after seeing that the Iphone 5 was not really what I would expect, I decided to give Android a shot. And this was the winner. I tried first to buy it from the Play Store but, it was a complete waste of time, and after taxes and shipping, the saving compared to Amazon was just $20.00. Its 2 GB ram makes app activity and browsing a delight. When i travel, i don't even need to turn on my computer anymore, and for just $360.00, IT'S A SWEET DEAL!

I recommend this product to everyone. Nice design, excellent performance. An smart development, A LG product with Google signature. It is better than expected.

So, to start, I am on my 3rd Nexus 4 phone which was my 2rd replacement phone. I had issues with all of them and wish I had the opportunity to go back in time and return it before agreeing to multiple returns which put me past my 15 day return policy. So advice to anyone that has problems with there Google product... return it and don't agree to an exchange! I should also note that I am, or at least was, a very happy nexus 7 owner until my difficulties with the 4 have changed my opinion on the nexus products and Google themselves. I figured the company with the slogan &#34;don't be evil&#34; would understand my difficulties and frustration, since they are noted on my account, and would have helped me get a nexus 5 with some sort of deal, since I have had all these troubles or at least come up with some practical alternative that would help me get a working phone.... I should back up at this point and note that my nexus 4 is just about as useful as a brick at this point and I am stuck shopping for a new phone after only 8 months of ownership.I know a few other people with this phone and some would say that it is a great phone and I would have agreed with them it mine worked as well as my N7 tablet. My 1 star rating has to deal with this product as much as the Google costumer. I hope this helps future buyers of Google products! If a rep. from Google reads this, I would like them to know that as much as I hate it, I will be going to apple for my next phone... At least with them, I know they make a reliable product!

it's an excellent product, unfortunately a couldn't buy the 16 but in all its aspects is perfect, i can notice how good are the nexus models.

A phone built for Android users that performs all the tasks a Google user would need. Excellent connection to the cloud and ease of access to all available Google services.

just as the reviews in the internetReally fastUser friendlyreally nice screen definitionI would recomend a Hard Case.

I must say that i bought this one for my wife as i have the galaxy S3, but used it 2 weeks now, and i love it. It's everything i would want from a phone

Since I bought the cellphone I couldn't hear when somebody call me without the speaker mode on, I've had to use it on speaker mode and everybody can hear me, I don't know what to do.

Brand new condition , fast shipping and the phone its self is fast love it thanks a lot best phone I've gotten so far

Excellent Product. One of the best phones i have used. A bit expensive than the official google price but definitely worth what you pay for.

been an android phone user since they first came out, and this is by far the best one i have ever owned. who cares if it doesnt support 4g, not that noticeable anyhow. phone still feels fast and gets the job done

Works like a charm, easy to to handleApps are plenty to choose fromConvenient size and sharp visualsCool product

Only downside is no removable battery or SD card slot. Otherwise great phone, good battery life(I play alot of media and get alot of emails)

The phone is just plain amazing, it's blazing fast and even the only 8gb version has plenty of storage (at least for me) the size is good too, it's about the same size as a Galaxy S3, just a tad smaller. If you're looking for a great phone at a great price this is it, The camera is good, it's not the best but it certainly gets the job done with ease, the flash might be a little too bright but you have HDR which helps in those situations. It's a great phone, you can't go wrong

I was excited because I got my Google Nexus 4 last Friday.  Since it needs a micro SIM, I had to wait until Saturday to get my SIM cut down.  I installed the typical applications (Facebook, WhatsApp, Twitter, Yahoo Mail) and configured my emails accounts (three Google accounts, one Yahoo account, and two IMAP accounts).Everything was going fine until I notice that the phone rebooted itself for no apparent reason.  This happend a couple of times between Saturday and Wednesday.  On Wednesday evening the phone simply power off and I was not able to turn it on again.  I imagined that it may be that the battery was at 0%, so I connected it to the charger, but nothing happened (it is suppose to show a white battery filling up on the screen).  I left it all night.  Thursday morning (around 6:00 a.m) I googled &#34;nexus 4 wont turn on&#34; and my surprise was that apparently this happens to a lot of people.  I follow some instructions in a forum and was able to get my phone charged.  After charging it to about 80% I started using it again, until it around 10:00 a.m when it power off and never power on again.When trying to revive my phone I notice that sometimes a flashing red led would appear.  I googled &#34;nexus 4 flashing red led&#34; and found lots of forums that described my same problem, without a solution.  Most people in the forum bought the phone directly from Google, and what Google does to solve the issue is to replace the phone.  Other forums mentioned that the red led means that the phone is dead, but others say that it means that the battery is 0%, so I left it charging the entire night.  No luck.On Friday I contacted LG support and what they recommended was to return the phone.  Since its been less than 30 days since I bought it, Amazon has been help full in providing me with everything I need to return my product.Some people mentioned that this never happened to them, others believe it is a software issue, and others believe it is a hardware issue.  I suggested you think twice before buying this phone.Hope my review helps.

This phone is fast, screen looks great, no carrier specific bloat ware - preloaded with Google apps I would have installed anyway like Chrome, Youtube, & Maps.Easy to navigate, easy to customize, and did I mention that it's fast?Better hardware than most top competitors for half the price. Cheap enough to buy without having to re-up a contract, and the hardware is advanced enough now to get me through a few years. Not having to worry about a 2 year contract is awesome. I'm recommending it to everyone I know.

I bought it for myself ,always a fan of Nexus , and Nexus 4 is great , the seller packed it well ,and the item was original,  so do recommend this

Bad Experience:However, I also have a bad experience that I'd like to quote. I ordered the same phone on a Friday morning. I chose 1-day shipping option that costed $8.99 expecting it to arrive on Saturday. I had plans to deliver this gift to someone on a Sunday. To my surprise and disappointment, I received an email on Saturday morning that the shipping is delayed and all my plans went astray. This is a serious problem from logistics point of view, as you promise and don't deliver. Either don't provide this option to raise expectations and create a sense of big disappointment later.Good Experience:The product is worth it's price. The product was shipped to me in the estimated time once I re-ordered.

The Nexus 4 is top notch with its quad core processor, 4.7 inch screen, true ips display, with its 318 ppi (HD), and its cost of only 299 or 349 in the google playstore is to impressive to pass up and no to mention the wireless charging. This phone goes infinity and beyound, diffently worth the money. What you waiting for!!!!

?! Who would pay $650 for an iPhone ? I sold my iPhone 4s to Gazelle for $320. So even though my contract wasn't used up yet, it didn't cost me much to upgrade to an iPhone5. For where I live, AT&T is the way to go anyway. I AM hoping my gal gets the Nexus 4 ... so I can check it out. Great reviews. On the other hand the camera in the Nokia 909 is simply amazing!!! I'm a pro shooter and the files that my friend has shown me from his 909 are simply wonderful!  [...]

This phone is the best android phone I have ever used. It does not hanging or stopping at all. Also it is an only phone works with most App.

Bought the 16GB Nexus 4 in December -- last week the back cracked across the middle.  Possibly while sitting down with it in the pocket, but don't really think so....  I'm not a heavy guy, never dropped it, and have been taking good care of it.... either way it's not very sturdy.  Apparently it costs $64 plus shipping to get it fixed (both Google and LG say its not covered by their warranties and refer me to one another).  Also the front screen, despite being gorilla glass 2, picks up small scratches surprisingly easily. otherwise great phone.

Amazing mobile. I sold my iPhone 4S and replace with nexus 4. You should do the same! I recommend this phone

We all know this is the best priced smartphone and is probably one of the best phones too in the market.

Simply awesome phone. Attended all of my expectations! Nice design, nice camera and the Android 4.2 is superb! Love it!

Excellent performanceSuperb price.Nice and easy to use.Reasonable battery life.Used without any problems on my home country and language

This is a great phone. I can't believe its 300 dollars! I paid a little extra for mine so I wouldn't have to wait, but well worth every penny spent!

Phone is great. I've had this for few months now.There is huge community that helps with development of Custom ROMs and Kernels, and that covers up flaws that Nexus 4 has.....Since its one of the few first generation quad core phone, with small battery it does run out quite fast even with Google trying to help with it by throttling the speed of phone when heated. So far CM+Franco Kernel was the best Battery saver for me, but if you find better combination please comment below.Another Flaw is the Navigational bar, which can also be fixed with any Custom ROM. Not all apps in the market is built to Google's new design guides. A lot of apps don't have the three dot buttons(Essentially a menu button). The virtual bar does pop up a small one on the side if it detects there isn't one, but trying to find where these things are in each app can get annoying. Again I am running CM with Menu button on my Virtual bar, but most of the time I have expanded desktop with LMT launcher(which is just Pie control in app form) on... that allows me to have other apps in short cut when I bring it up.Speaking of Virtual navigation... it does take up considerable amount of screen like I said above, most ROMs will give your ability to get rid of it or make it smaller. Paranoid Android ROM is great at this, but Battery life needs to be sacrificed a bit to use it.TLDR : I can be THE BEST PHONE EVER, IF your adventurous enough to use Custom ROMs and Kernels.

Bought this device directly from the google playstore.It is amazing as a data device and the various apps it runs with ease.That said two things are just downright irritating:1.) NO SPEED DIAL - There is no speed dial on the (stock) phone dialer. Cell phones and home phones have had the capability since the 1990s. The idea is while driving or in a hurry you hold down a single number and the phone quick dials an assigned number for you. Usually #1 is reserved for voicemail. I have had family members assigned to certain numbers on all phones up to this point. There are work arounds where you download an android app to get this functionality. I have done so - the one I picked was called "DW dialer". But the fact that this is not part of the basic android indicates the developers aren't really thinking about this as a phone.2.) NO FILE BROWSER - There also doesn't seem to be a look at your files function in the "stock" apps. Amazing that they consider this a data device and forgot to give us "easy" access to the file structure. Again there are work arounds - where you can download file managers/viewers from the play store ("astro file manager" was the one I ended up picking), but quite beyond comprehension this was overlooked.All that whining on my part aside, it is a really good phone in terms of voice quality, maps with GPS, taking pretty good photos, doing data stuff "lickey split" on the t-mo network, setting up a personal wifi hot spot, playing music from pandora, amazon, grooveshark, etc. The only thing I would have "desired" beyond that is for it to be a "tough phone" (e.g. water and dust proof).Random Side Note - the phone is not compatible with the chromebook (e.g. the google laptops). It is recognized as a USB device on windows and macs. But not by its fellow "google" product. But if you really believe in the "cloud" this should not be a problem. I can access my google files from either device pretty easily.Also note - if you have a traditional sim card, you will need to get a smaller micro sim.

Had a Galaxy S, rooted running 4.1.The Nexus is so much better, no root required (at least for my needs), tethering out of the box, even the battery lasts longer.

Good Phone. I just happen to buy from a crappy reseller. Its a really nice phone if you get exactly what u wanted!

Totally worth it....the phone is sooooooooo fast, and offers an amazing, glitch free gaming experience....love it. Thank you action gear!

It was fine at first.good design, size, performance...at first started shutting off on its own in middle of phone calls.and now unit will not power on at all.

I LOVE THIS PHONE! IS FAST, CUTE AND VERY ELEGANT! EXCELLENT BUT I VERY SATISFIED WITH THIS PHONE I LOVE THIS!!

This phone is fast. And when I say fast, I mean I challange you to slow it down. When I first setup my phone I went to install my apps. I thought I setup my wifi, but me and my dyslexia messed it up, so I had 20 apps queued up ready for download. I fixed my wifi and no kidding, all 20 apps were download and installed in 30 sec. I tested this against my old Samsung galaxy 2, and it took a good 10 minutes to do the same thing.The screen is rounded so screen protectors are a little hard to install. I kept ending up with "raised" edges of the screen protector because it wasn't centered and aligned perfectly. If your OCD this may bug you. But the screen is also concaved, which prevents scratchs from occuring if you lay it facedown. Mind you if you slide the screen against a gravel surface, this wont do any good, but in most cases it does.The one thing it lacks is any SD card. If you're thinking, I'll pop mine open and install my own additional/large memory. Think again. The memory is intergrated into the processor. There is no way to expand the storage on this phone. Google - Please don't go the way of apple and try to squeeze every penny from your customers. We will hate you for it and will bail on you the moment you fall behind. I understand intergrating the memory and not allowing for additional/external to be install provided stability. But please figure out a way to pop in a micro SD so we can listen to our music or watch our movies when outside a GSM network.

I have only praise for the Nexus 4 but I won't buy anything from LG again. Why? Because the on/off button must have gotten stuck (or something) and I couldn't shut the phone off! Really, I tried. I mean not rocket science right? So I emailed LG service with the question. Here's their reply:Thank you for contacting LG Customer Service.We are sorry to hear about the problem you are  experiencing with your LG device, however, the  warranty on this model is handled directly by  Google and your carrier. You can call Google  at 855-836-3987 or your service provider for  warranty assistance.I. Andrew HernandezCustomer Interactive Center | Mobile  Communications LG Electronics Alabama IncPhone: 1800-243-0000Note the phone is IN warranty but it's the old "point at the other guy" routine. Sleazy.

I bought this phone in late April 2013 and I've loved it. performs beautifully (look for specific specs on other reviews)My only warning to potential buyers is to simply purchase it from Google Play. Otherwise the device warranty is automatically voided and LG will charge you for repairs. Amazon's add-on warranty is good, they're refunding me the purchase amount. So be wise!

Bought as a present and my brothers loves it.Works perfect with the network here.Great camera and very fast

I have purchased this item from Amazon. I have been using it for a week. This is the best phone you can buy right now (including iPhone 5!).***What I love:1. PRICE!!! The price is just amazing! No other phone can best this price. No way!2. Processor: LIGHTINING FAST! And when i say fast , I MEAN IT.3. Display: Gorgeous 4.7 inch display with amazing resolution.4. Android 4.2.2: What can I say, I&#8217;m in love! (who needs touchwizzz nonsesnce???)5. Build quality: One word: Fabulous!  No other phone is as sexy.6. Camera: Photo sphere is just unbelievable! Quality is perfect (shots and Video)7. Google Now: Siri is a complete joke right now!***What people claim they don&#8217;t like:1. Glass and built quality: in some reviews, some complain that the phone breaks if it falls on concrete. REALLY???? I mean are those people serious? You want to drop your glass-made phone on concrete and not get it broke? I can&#8217;t even describe how stupid that is! Just get a damn cover!2. LTE: COME ON PEOPLE! Do you really care if the internet on your mobile is 20 MBps instead of 50 MBps. This argument is just ridiculous. This phone is just perfect on HSPA+ (the problems in your service provider&#8217;s network is not the NEXUS 4&#8217;s problem).3. No SD card. This is the only argument that I can partially agree with. But again, with google+ instant upload and all these cloud computing applications and fast mobile data, who really needs storage anymore??

I really like the phone, and I love the new Jellybean android OS.I use to have an Iphone until recently. I like this phone much better.

This phone was out of stock...but you can now buy it directly from google and save yourself some money. At least as of this post, google has some in stock... go here https://play.google.com/store/devices/details?id=nexus_4_8gb&feature=microsite&hl=en

Google and LG made the best smartphone out thereHave a few minor issues such as the touchscreen is a bit sensitive, and i keep hitting some keys while talking.Other than that, very happy with this purchase

** Putting up my review from Nexus-4 16GB since the 8/16gb are listed as separate products **Ever since the concept of smartphones came out, there has been a talk of this so called 'convergence'; Wherein you own one device which can practically do everything under the sun. With the Nexus-4, I think the so called convergence is here, well almost. The only thing that is still lacking is the camera, since I don't see it replacing my DSLR (or even a really good point & shoot). Of course, this shouldn't be taken as a negative point for the phone since I don't think there isn't any other phone which could do the same (The IOS religious fanatics would disagree, but I don't think the Iphone camera comes close to DSLR quality either). Apart from that, the phone does everything does perform rather well in all departments. Jellybean is the best Android flavor so far, the UI is great, the experience is smooth and apps in the google play store are abundant. Battery life is decent, engine horse power is phenomenal (Thanks to Qcom) and the Network data speeds are great. A brief summary of points follows:a) LTE or Not! : The phone doesn't support LTE, but supports HSPA+ which some (T-mobile) still tout as 4G. If you are on T-mobile, getting the phone is a no brainer, since you will get the best speeds that their network can provide. AT&T; is a different story, AT&T; supports both HSPA+ and 4g LTE. It has been stated by multiple reviewers that AT&T;'s LTE is much faster than their HSPA+ network (this makes logical sense since for AT&T; LTE is the latest buzzword and they probably want to promote it over HSPA+). The other fact is that AT&T;'s HSPA+ is slower than T-mobile's HSPA+ network and it is suggested that T-mobile's HSPA+ may be comparable to AT&T;'s LTE. To keep it short, this phone will give you the best experience on T-mobile although you should be able to get decent speeds on AT&T; as well. (The phone won't work on Verizon or other CDMA networks).b) Cost of the phone: I purchased mine from google where it retails for a standard price of $350 (plus taxes and shipping). Some people may compare this price to the contract price of an iphone (or other android smart phones), but that's not a fair comparison. Most contracts factor in the cost of the phone in the plan and by rough estimates an average customer pays around 20$/month for getting the phone subsidized. Multiply this by 24 for a 2 year contract and you are paying 480$ over a 2 year cycle over the initial downpayment of 200$. That's a total price of 680$!! T-mobile for sure gives you a discount if you opt out of the phone and other carriers may have similar plans. The other thing which adds to the your monthly payment is the tax on wireless plans. In the great state of Texas the monthly tax for cell phone plans comes to 17%. So if you have a monthly plan which is higher in cost, you also end up paying higher tax on it. (Compare this with 8% sales tax that you pay when you buy the device up front. Even if you assume that the total cost of the device to the customer is the same, whether purchased via contract or by full downpayment, the contract options leads to a higher tax on the buyer. Ofcourse, the contract plans never really disclose the full picture so you never get to do the maths).c) Connecting to a TV: The Nexus 4 doesn't have a mini HDMI, what it does have is a micro usb which supports slimport. You can buy a slimport HDMI adapter for under 30$ and connect your Nexus 4 to your TV. The other emerging standard is 'Miracast' which would enable one to wirelessly stream the display to a Miracast enabled TV. (Don't worry if you have an older generation TV, the market will be soon be seeing a flood of Miracast adapters which can convert an old TV into Miracast compliant using the HDMI port).Once the connection to TV is sorted out, I think the phone can work as a good replacement to a gaming console or a streaming device. You can play high quality games (and the games on google play are much cheaper than their console brethren)or watch movies/tv on Netflix.The only drawback, there won't be Amazon prime instant videos on this. You can watch Amazon instant videos using the browser of the phone, but Amazon doesn't allow instant videos to be displayed in HD on Android devices. (It does allow that on IOS or custom devices which support the amazon app or on the kindle fire). I guess that's just Amazon's marketing strategy.d) Camera: The camera is decent, comes with an led flash, but isn't something that would blow my mind away.Overall, it's a very good phone at an amazing price point. No wonder it's sold out on google and selling at a premium on Amazon. I will continue updating the review as I spend more time with the phone. Do check back later and if you find the review helpful, please vote on the helpful review button. (It gives me the much needed encouragement to take time off from my busy work schedule and write lengthy reviews)

i read a lot of reviews before buy the nexus 4.  Everybody talk about the great performance of this device and is true, but just two bad things about it the battery is not longer to 5 hours or less before need be recharged, even you used a few internet browsing time and not  saw videos.  The capacity of the memory is so short. with just one app download  (whatsapp) plus the pre instaled applications  in the phone that let you just 6gb or less to storage. thats is a disapointment, but is really beautifull, fast, good screen resolution and cheap!

The phone is great except the back glass which will break even if you don't drop it because a change in temperature. Also the company LG is TERRIBLE for customer service because they refuse to admit the flaw in their design when the new model has a slight change to fix it. One last problem is I tried to write about this directly in their website but they rejected it because they did not like my criticism.

We got the phone on time without a problem.  It was a gift for somone living overseas and he is delighted.

i love this phone, the display is awesome, who cares about 1080! i love the stock android.. if u want a great phone get the nexus :D

First off please dont buy this from amazon unless you dont have access to the google play store. Like other reviewers have mentioned, if you're in the market for a top of the line smartphone and you dont want bloatware and or a contract then this is you're best option. Everyone knows the specs of this phone so rather than mentioning those, I'd prefer to talk about my personal experience with the phonePros- The phone is snappy- build quality is excellent- I think the camera is actually good atleast for daytime, outdoor and bright light shots. There's also a lot of photo editing apps in the play store- Unlocked so works well with tmobile pre-paidCons- I have trouble with the GPS every now and then. Whenever i use google maps it says "Searching for Satellites" and the navigation does not work well. After googling around this appears to be a known issue with android. Not sure if other folks have experienced this- Microphone is a little weak. No one can hear me when I put people on speakerphone. This is a problem for me since i make a lot of calls from my car. I use a bluetooth headset instead now- Minor glitches when trying to unlock the phone. It does not always work right away- Battery life is abysmal. Granted i am moderate to heavy user. I barely get through the day without having to charge it repeatedly.Despite these flaws, the prestine android experience coupled with the very reasonable price and the ability to use on cheap pre-paid plans like tmobile since the phone is unlocked makes this phone a winner for me.As for tmobile itself, the plan is cheap and get's reasonable speeds on HSPA+, but coverage can definitely wary depending on where you live/travel with this phone, so your experience may differ.

Good camera, high speed processor. Socials well integrated and  not so fragile as many say, the only problem is a too light vibration.

Only downside to this for me really is the camera. I use this without a cellular connection anyway so the lack of 4G doesn't bother me.

Excellent phone. Great speed, features, camera, and performance. I love this phone and definitely recommend it. I am also found of the charging speed.

Even though this phone is not the latest on the market, it's still one of the best Android phones out there. Android as it should be, not with any TouchWiz or Sense or that kind of bloat.Awesome!

I buy lots from Amazon and am very satisfied with the company from top to bottom however I got my Google Nexus 4 direct from Google.  I saved a ton.  Google said delivery would be in two weeks.  I got mine in two days.I have an Apple iPhone 4S.  Arguably the Google Nexus 4 appears to be as good.The Nexus 4 costs half as much as the iPhone if you get it direct from Google.

Need to get better battery power out of it. Great phone to have just that one issue that needs to be address!

If you decided to by this phone, watch this video before: [...]The glass back has broken immediately after dropping from human head height.Also check out this small article: [...]

Edit: 6/1/2013It's a bit more expensive here.---Nice phone, but too expensive here at Amazon, go to Google Play Store. https://play.google.com/store/devices/details?id=nexus_4_8gb, $299 + Taxes.I loved this phone for two reasons: it's factory unlocked and the price.Also the quality is beyond from other LG products that I've owned previously, I'm very happy.

And 'hands on' is as good title for my review because I find it hard to take my hands off of it :)Have been using this baby for a couple of weeks already before turning it over to one of our eager kids and my experience has been exceedingly positive.I am not going to restate all the specs and features here because they are widely available but I will try to answer some questions someone considering a purchase may have before actually going ahead and ordering one.Very briefly on the pros: best Android phone in this size and, without actually comparing (hmmm...) apples with oranges, it doesn't take a back seat to anything that 'competition' has to offer, more details in the FAQ section. The major cons I can think of would be the all-glass body being a little bit of a 'fall and break' hazard, the lack of a memory expansion slot so you think long and hard before you decide to go with either the 8GB or the 16GB version and, not a 'con' to me but may be to some, the phone being GSM/HSPA+ only, not LTE compatible.But let's do this in a FAQ format, reflecting my hands-on experience of the past couple of weeks.____________________________________________________________________Q - Is the Nexus 4 a good value?A - Considering that for this price all other high end phones come with a contract that usually means high rates and fees for 2 years, yes, it's a good value.Q - How do I save money if I go 'unlocked' vs. 'contract'.A - The Nexus 7 sells for about what you would pay for a 'contract' phone. With an unlocked phone you can always shop around for the best rate and you can drop your current carrier fore the one that offers the better rate at any time.Q - Would you call its looks 'stunning'?A - To stay objective, I would say that this is one of the best looking phones I've seen yet.Q - Does the lack of LTE compatibility mean that this is a 3G (not 4G) phone?A - No, both LTE and GSM/HSPA+ are considered 4G. LTE may be slightly faster but that's not always the case.Q - Is there an advantage to GSM/HSPA+?A - Yes, if you travel abroad because it's the more popular network outside the US.Q - Which carriers support GSM/HSPA+ in the US?A - The major ones are AT&T; and T-Mobile. Most 'prepaid' carriers support it as well.Q - Does LG is involved in anyway with maintaining/upgrading the phone's software?A - No. This is a Nexus phone. All software updates come directly from Google.Q - How up to date will the phone's software stay?A - Nexus devices tend to be the first in line to get updates from Google.Q - Is there a microSD slot?A - No.Q - Can I charge it through a standard Micro USB cord?A - Yes.Q - Is this a 'pure Android' phone?A - Yes, it ships with Android 4.2 installed and nothing else.Q - Will it allow me to install Amazon's Appstore?A - Yes. You may install any app that runs on Android, including Amazon's Appstore.Q - How does the display compare with other phones?A - I was unable to detect a difference when comparing my Nexus 4 display with the latest iPhone's.Q - Describe 'performance'.A - I didn't try 'everything' but everything that I used on the phone so far performed without a glitch or a hiccup.Q - Describe call quality.A - Based on my experience so far, the Nexus 7 operates well as a 'phone'. I can hear the other party loud and clear and I've had no complaints yet of them not hearing me well.Q - Is the Nexus 7 future proof?A - Nothing is but considering its beautiful design, high quality manufacturing, the near guarantee of timely software updates, the fact that it is leading Android phone today for the under 5" screen size and that the smart phone technology is approaching 'maturity' it should continue to be a good phone for at least the next 2-3 years.____________________________________________________________________-->> Brush your teeth, it's the law! &lt;&lt;

Best phone I ever had. Beats the equivalent class Samsung S3 hands-down, both in robustness of build and speed. Recommend you get it with a hard case.

you have to speak clearly of course. But the quality of the results is a real game changer.It even picked up and correctly translated the voice of the person sitting across from me in a Diner booth.

I love this phone! Fast, big screen, nice desing  and a good battery!Recommended for everyone a lot!  You will love it

Overall a great phone.Cons:- It gets really hot when running a CPU demanding app- only 8Gb means only 5Gb for users. Most &#34;good&#34; games weight more than 1Gb... cloud storage is your friendPros:- everything else !! fantastic, quick as hell, beautiful, elegant...

Excelent, very very very nice smartphone. GretingsMuy buen tel&eacute;fono lo recomiendo a toda la comunidad de Android. Gracias y saludos.

My first Android phone and can I tell you how much fun im having and it just a few days away from the Kit Kat Update for Android.Pros:Great display! The screen is fluid and sharp, sharper than the Iphone in terms of pixels.The touch is really responsiveThe speakers actually don't sound bad for a phone (with good quality MP3)Great built.Camera is not bad either.Awesome speed!!Amazing graphics.The shiney things on the back :DCons: Do not get the 8gb version spend the extra $30 and get the 16gb its worth it. After the OS is installed you actually end up with 5gb of usable storage. 5gb FOR EVERYTHING ELSE!!! and miniSD Cards are not an option.It cant cost that much to put a miniSD card slot into a phone Google!?The battery is kinda weak too.The new Nexus 5 looks awesome. Spend the extra $100 and just get that instead!

After having just over 2 weeks I think one of my best purchase recently.  Long battery life more than 3 days on light usage (mostly setups & discovery one short voice call and some texting) quick responds from one app to other. Great large screen.

As I await the pickup of my Google Glass Explorer edition at Google, I needed to do a switch from iOS and move toward the Android operating system in order to make the most out of the new hardware.  I had never used an Android device but really wanted the Google version (more stripped down) as opposed to another more proprietary cell phone (such as Samsung, etc) that might have specific manufacturer skins, etc.  To utilize Glass at it's best, I wanted to start with the best hardware and OS option.  On advice from several Google Glass owners and developers, I sprung for the Google Nexus 4 and am happy I did.As I await receiving my Glass Explorer edition, I have been spending time learning what this phone offers and how I could transfer my tasks from iOS to Android.  The switch has gone well (barring any applications I have paid for on iOS, but that is a given).  The Google Play store is great and although this is a review of hardware, I would be remiss if I did not mention my first experiences with Android.The Nexus 4 hardware feels good in the hand.  The Android OS is responsive to touch and provides great feedback through vibration.  I am getting accustomed to the position of the on/off switch and the feel of the phone.  It is heavy enough to feel like a quality item, but not heavy enough to feel like a brick.  It is glass in front and back.  I bought a dual-layer case which I am liking very much:Acase Superleggera Pro Hybrid dual layer Case for LG Google Nexus 4 (Nexus 4, Black).The SIM slot is easy to access and the phone is very usable.  So far, an extremely pleasant experience!Update 6-23-13:  The Nexus 4 running Jelly Bean works wonderfully with Glass.  I have all but left my iPhone 5 (through AT&T;) off to the side and I am really not missing it.  I love the feedback this phone gives and the alerting and user interface.  It's been really neat.  I have not gotten my hands on iOS 7 yet but from what I see, Apple is trying to play a little catch up with Android.  Liking this new phone and Android OS.

This is a great phone.  Everybody loves their I-Phones but I would pick the Nexus 1000 times over.  Very easy to use and nice features

I have been using the phone for over 3 months. After 6-7 weeks it stopped charging from an electrical outlet. It would charge only through the laptop usb port, which is a lot slower. I bought a different charger, thiniking the problem was the charger and the same problem occured after 3 weeks. I checked the product forums it seems to be a generalized hardware malfunction. Also the proximity sensor began to malfunction about 8 weeks of use, so the screen stays black for a few minutes and you cannot use any function until it comes back. This is most irksome if in the middle of a call you want to use other functions like finding a calendar date or another phone number. Last, it has a miscommunication problem with my windows laptop - I get an &#34;mtp error code&#34; - which also seems to be pretty generalized.Since the period to return it is only 30 days and trouble beings later you get stucked with a malfunctioning device.

I can't understand why everybody doesn't have an unlocked phone my no contract phone work very well in the Google phone is very easy

LG google definitely makes great phone...this phone is great...the price is cheap...however the battery is just all right...it just lasts one full day...

Great phone, a few nit pick issues.Pros:StableFastModernFirst to get updatesunlockedrootedHigh screen resolution2 gigs of ramCons:-A bit on the heavy side.-Limited to 3g on Lte networks.-Design feels very generic, basically a wider/taller Iphone design.-No sd card support.-Colors aren't as vibrant as they are on The HTC One X (most glaring con) If you aren't coming form that particular phone I doubt you'll think anything of it. Colors look good just more like they are drawn with pastels.Final ThoughtsFor the money there is no better option, even money aside the only other phone that may be slightly better is the GS3. Tmobile has a prepaid $30 a month unlimited Data/Texting plan, and you can use a VOIP service with your data plan to get unlimited talk.If you can drop $350, there certainly is no reason to be on a contract with your carrier anymore.-Side note you will have to pay tax on the $350 even if you order online.

I upgraded from a Sensation 4G. The Sensation was a great phone.... when it worked. HTC had some quality control issues with that one. I finally broke down after my third replacement, after nearly two years of uneventful use, crapped out in just a couple of weeks, and ordered a brand spanking new Nexus 4 from the Google play store. (Sorry, I wasn't about to be used and defiled by the Amazon seller) Since I run my business on my phone I had to have something a bit more stable, so I purchased the 16 gig version of the Nexus 4. I had an 8 gig SD card on the Sensation, it was adequate, barely. So I think the 16 gig will fit the bill.I use my phone mostly for business. I invoice, set appointments, use it as a GPS and of course take and send emails, tons of business texts and use it as an actual phone. The Nexus excels in all of this. In fact I was blown away by the new google service, today I received an alert telling me that I should start heading to my next calendar appointment since I was currently 30 min away. A phone that doesn't just alert me at a set 15 min before an appointment, but gauges my current distance to what I have planned. In my book, that feature alone makes it worth it. I research and order over the internet with ease, the connection is plenty quick to access the web over the T-Mobile service and do what I need. The speaker is very loud... now considering I am comparing this to the weak speaker of the Sensation, you can take that with a grain of salt. However, I find it almost too loud and tend to quiet it down a bit. I can use the speaker phone for business calls, something that was agonizing with the Sensation. One of only two negatives that I have found so far is that the phone dialer in the stock software is weak. The Sensation used the T9 protocol and was very easy to use. The stock dialer on the Nexus is not intuitive. This however was quickly remedied by a search of the app store. I currently have two separate dialers I am evaluating, one more like the stock HTC version, the other packed with a bunch of features, but a little more clunky when it comes to making calls.I have read plenty of people underwhelmed by the camera of the Nexus. Compared to a Leica M9, sure the little point and shoot on any phone sucks. I don't actually buy a phone looking for a camera, even the venerable iPhone doesn't really have what I would consider an awesome camera. It's like comparing different really bad smells, sure some are less bad than others, but they all smell bad. The Nexus 4 has a decent camera. It actually controls the flash a bit more than most any other camera on a phone that I have used. The colors seem somewhat natural and in good light it does a decent job of focusing. For business use it works just fine. I can snap a quick photo of an item to be restored with a decent amount of detail for any client to clearly see what I am going to work on. Snap shots of the kids are fine, in low light it tends to back focus. It is a decent camera. A little better than the sensation's in some ways.For the few games I have, such as Temple Run 2, it runs smoothly and shows off its nice big screen. There is never a bit of lag switching between apps. I have about 280 songs downloaded onto the device. I know this isn't a ton compared to some, but it is enough to keep me entertained on a long drive and I still have plenty of space to spare on the device. After loading everything up the way I want I still have about 10 gigs of memory left. Other than snapping a few photos and syncing those with DropBox, I don't see myself using a whole lot more of the memory.The size of the phone is absolutely a positive in my book. I am only 5' 6" so as you can imagine I have short stubby fingers on small hands. I have no trouble using the phone one handed. Maybe I am just conditioned since the Sensation also has a large screen. The Nexus's screen is even larger still, being a little wider. I find the screen size a definite positive, it makes surfing the web and viewing photos that much easier. The pixel density is excellent. I love the smooth look and crispness. I have read that the screen isn't as bright as an iPhone 5's. Well, since I use the phone with the screen less than half as bright as its max and I find it plenty bright, I figure this is subjective. Sure 60 lights in a small room will be brighter than 50, but both will blind you... if you get my meaning.As to the battery life... it sucks. This would be my other negative. At least with the Sensation I had two extra batteries (It's battery sucked too.) When I got low on juice I would just snap in another battery and away I would go. This is not an option with the Nexus 4. I have been careful to plug it into the car charger every time I have to drive anywhere and I find that I am a bit more careful how I use the phone so that I can go the entire day without having to worry. This leaves me with about 60% or a little less of battery left after a 10 hour work day. However if I am doing any intensive surfing of the web it can drop a bit lower and require a top off. When I start running that quad core processor with the screen on, I can watch my battery widget tick down with a belch. Solution: buy a back up battery. I am just looking around for the best solution... a 10,000 rated brick or a 3200 deal I could stick in my pocket. That is the question.I haven't noticed the back heating up excessively, my Sensation seemed to get a lot hotter when I used it heavily, so maybe I am used to that sort of thing. I have a case on the phone as well, so that deadens how much heat I can actually feel. I have a screen protector on as well... sure it doesn't feel as nice, but with how much I am hauling this thing around, I would be begging for problems if I didn't take precautions. All in all I love the phone. For $350.00 it blows away phones in the $600.00 range and competes very well with the others. It's really a no brainer. (I ordered my Nexus 4 at nearly midnight Saturday, it arrived Wednesday morning. Given Sunday was not a business day, I found the service quite prompt even though the Play store was giving me a shipping date two weeks out.)Edit April 16, 2013So after a months use I have to say my initial impression of the battery is a little misleading. The battery performance is actually descent. Easily lasts a full day and like all my other smart phones it requires to be plugged in over night. I believe the meter is just honest. When you have 50% left you are actually half way to empty. As many hours as it took to get there is as many hours as you have left. On my Sensation 50% meant you had an hour maybe an hour and a half of use left. So you can imagine I got a little freaked out when the Nexus 4 hit 50% or bellow. It actually isn't that bad and I haven't purchased and external battery for it. I may not.Also I did have the infamous buzzing coming from my ear speaker while surfing the web and such. Called up Google and had a replacement a few days later. The replacement is perfect not a single buzz. I am just as happy now as when I first bought it.Edit: September 17,2013So I have red so much on how fragile this phone is and how it will break if you look at it wrong. Well that may be if you don't have a case. However, I have dropped this thing over and over without a single crack. Lesson: put a case on your phone. I have one with a clear back and it almost looks like there is no case on it. I've been so impressed with this phone that I'm actually excited to get the Nexus 5. Looks like my wife will be getting a slightly used Nexus 4 in the near future.

Fist android phone whose build quality exceeded expectations. The hardware software integration works better than phones made by Samsung, HTC and Huawei. Having used all these phones I can succinctly state that the Nexus usee experience has a build  quality closest to the iPhone.

It's a GREAT phone.  My daughter loves it and I am considering a Nexus for next time based on the performance of this one. However, since they launched the Nexus 5 about 8 months ago, this 8GB model is not worth over $100 or $200 for the 16GB on the current market and that would have to be in mint condition.  Used and cracked etc... should be even less.

I changed my old Samsung Galaxy Ace for this one and it's the better purchase I've done.  I'm in Ecuador and works perfect with our bands. It's truly multitask, I can change windows without problem and runs fast.  Love my phone :)

Got this phone for Christmas and so far I'm liking everything about it except when it's time to charge it. For some reason, it takes forever to charge. This morning for example, I put it on charger at 9 am and two and a half hours later it's only at 43% battery life.

The Nexus have captured my attention on a way that i never expected. No Lag problems, no screen problems...actually, no problems at all!

Good Cell PhoneThe unique thing that i didn't like in this phone was the HDR camera.Some times de picture is very blur.But the price is good.

I did my homework prior to buying this phone and was thoroughly pleased with what I read. My previous phone was a Nexus S, so I was familiar with the Nexus approach to Android. My biggest complaints with my last phone were its sluggishness and limited battery life. Happily, the Nexus 4 suffers from neither of these problems.Pros:Unbelievably fast: the quad-core processor and 2 GB of RAM are certainly noticeableNice size and weight: the screen is large and roomy, without the phone feeling like a tablet and it is very lightElegant design: the phone looks pleasant and professional, with a touch of flairWell-built: it feels very solidCons:Slippery: because the back is glass, the phone can be slippery at times, much like iPhones; however, there is a rubber-like grip around the perimeter of the phone that helpsStorage limitations: there is no slot for expandable storage, which may be a turn-off for some, but utilizing Google's online storage options (like Google Music or Drive) will keep the memory from filling upOverall, I am very pleased with the device and would highly recommend to anyone. The cheap price (typically $300 unlocked) makes this buy definitely worth it.

I bought this for my family. I like it. It is easy to be used with good quality. 5 stars

I have been using this phone for around a month and these are my first impressions. It is a fantastic phone and would highly recommend it given the great price. There are a few things that could be done better, but overall it is a great phone. To note, I had a Windows Phone before this, and an Android before that.LOOK AND FEEL:This phone feels and looks truly elegant. The front is just a straight black when the screen is off with no buttons to ruin the way it looks. The notification light on the front is a great subtle touch, it looks like the light on the front edge of the Macbook, however I wish the light has a faster blink rate. The small touches are what make this phone feel right, like the slightly curved glass on the front to make the edges feel fluid. The back of the device looks a lot better than it does in pictures, the design is subtle and not tacky. The textured plastic boarder around the edge of the phone makes it easier to hold. A big complaint that I have is that the back of the phone is glass, the only reason for this is aesthetics. Because of this, it is harder to hold and is a lot more slippery. I have even had the phone vibrate/slide off tables because of the glass back. I do not believe the back glass is Gorilla glass since I already have a ton of micro scratches.SCREEN:This device has a great screen. It is big, bright, and very vivid. It has really good viewing angles and the precision on the screen is also superb. Glare is not much of an issue, however finger prints are a pretty big problem. Keep in mind that this is a really large screen and a big device. So, if you have small hands like me, that can be troublesome. I often accidentally hit items on the screen when trying to reach over to the other side with one hand.PERFORMANCE:The phone performs at the top of its league. It is very fast at just about anything you need to do. The animations are very smooth and fast. So far I have not had a hiccup with anything I have asked it to do. The phone responds to my needs so fast that I never end up frustrated. I can ask it for directions while driving and within 15 seconds it will have GPS running and locked and have navigation working and telling me directions, all without ever looking at my phone.HARDWARE:All the pieces inside the phone work great. Great processor, great RAM, great sensors. All of that is good, but its what's missing that sucks. A big headache so far has been the lack of microSD. The phone comes with about 5.5 GB of usable space and that quickly can get filled up with apps and photos. You are basically forced to keep everything you can in the cloud, or else you will never have enough space. Another problem with the hardware is the battery. It is annoying that it is non-replaceable and it is even worse that it doesn't have much juice. If I use the phone conservatively, I can get away with 24 hours of use without fear. But if I want to play games, listen to music, and do normal web surfing and texting then I will be lucky to make it a full day without having to plug it back in. Lucky for me I can charge it at work, so it has not been too difficult to live with this battery. On the brighter side, the hardware for the camera is fantastic. The shutter response is lightning fast and the camera takes fantastic photos.SOFTWARE:Having vanilla Android is not for everyone, but for those that love it, this is the only device to get. It will have the latest and greatest OS when it comes out and it never has any of the taxing skins and applications that providers add on. You really need to try out the devices software if you have never used a vanilla device. It can look slightly different from other Android devices, but at the heart a lot of things are very much the same. The one great feature with this OS version is Google Now. I use it daily, and it keeps track of things that are import for me without me having to set anything up. It can do so many things, that I am constantly finding out new things about it. If you want it to do something, just try asking it and it probably will get it done. For instance you just ask it for directions or to create an appointment and it does it without much effort on your part.

Recommended to anyone that wants to receive more and pay less.Next time I would like it to have SD slot.

This is definitely the best phone I ever had. Totally recommended. If you like Android and like to have always the latest version, then this is the phone for you.

I change my phone ever 3 yearsI have Nokia N70, which is the first smartphone S60 systemI have G1, which is the first Android phone in the marketI have iPhone 4 which is the best phone in my consider (the Lifeproof case (Never Never Never buy it!!!!!) kills my iPhone4 3 days ago, this is the reason I got Nexus 4 but I am glad to get ride of slow phone like that)and Finally I have Nexus 4Since I have G1, the Android system leave me a very bad using experiencebut this one total change my feelingwith 4-core 1.5Hz and 2G RAM, I cannot see if there is any more powerful thing this one can getI run every app just like lighting, and the screen is bigger and better than retina in iPhone4also, I love the app here in the market, even though 90% of them are the same as App store but there are still many amazing app like Light Flow which can give you a total different using experienceAlso, I can trans all my contacts, calendars, and even photo(dropbox) to this phone and it like all the way, no worry to change phone anymore,With the wireless charger, everyone who is passing my desk will give an amazing look at this phoneand I need to mentioned I love the buzz touch for Nexus 4 phone, it is brand new using experience and interaction experience.so, I would like to do pros and consPros:1. cheap and unlock, any service any where with half price of iPhone2. Powerful, cost effective, with with 4-core 1.5Hz and 2G RAM, and 4.7' screen, cannot find any better one3. Newest system 4.2.2 can give you a whole new using experience4. light, thin, touch so good5. wireless charger6. A lot App in the marketCons1. Bad camera, it is 800M camera but for the reason it looks not even close to iPhone but that is cost control and for the pros I am cool with it since I have my D8002. Low battery life, it will die by 8:00pm, not even a day so do not go online as much as me.3. easy to broken, the back of phone are glass, which is easy to break, I saw my friend kill one4. maybe in the future I can findAll in all, Best phone ever, strongly recommend

Pros :  good looking ,  smooth system , price is moderateCons :  fragile ,  original android should include more small enhancement on ease of useI think it worth buying anyway.

Google knows how to satisfy a customer. Easy to use, immediate onboarding, all interconnected. Genius UX. Fast, reliable. What else can be asked for?

I can live without SD card or LTE but the overall sound quality of this phone is definitely not the best. The volume when lisening to music is low. When connected to my car stereo most of my songs are too low for my liking. Not sure why they paid little attention to sound quality. They deprived a beautiful work of art of the sound quality needed to complete the whole package. Hopefully they will update this later.Besides that this phone is designed to get thinks done in a breeze. Multitasking is easy. Speed is spectacular. Nothing like the renowned Android lagg. Screen quality may not be the best but certainly not the worst. Overall I will not hesitate to recommend this phone to any one. And the price is right for such a device.

The positive reviews of this phone are true. Commimg from a Blackberry Bold 9930, I had high expectations for this Android. They have all been met. This phone is fast stable and reliable. I could not be more pleased with this purchase.

the keypad is to small fo my fingers.They could stretch it out there is room on the screen.It is easy to use the smartphone.I had a little trouble since this is my first smartphone..

Hello fellow Amazonians -This is just a brief comment on the price tag from this seller.  My bother gifted this phone to my and it cost him $200(8GB)straight from google play store.I will come back to give full review on the actual phone, but believe when I say it is quite a sleek, stylish and super fast phone.

I have had this phone for three weeks and it never ceases to amaze me. We have no LTE I'll this part of Africa so the limitation that some customers complain about does not affect me. I love taking photos with it. Panorama photos are exciting and crystal clear. It is light. Applications are unlimited. TV is clean. I am overjoyed.

These people are over pricing this phone u can get the 8 gig unlocked brand new for 299 and 349 for the 16 gig from google just go to google type phone name it will come up its the google link!

Hey I think mercedes are nice looking, feel good to drive but it seems that once you own one for any length of time the flaws start to show. The nexus 4 is alot like this.I bought two of these phones an 8 gb and 16 gb version.  As soon as I made my first call the problems arised.  There was static/buzzing in the earpiece.  So I go online and find out (despite the amount of five star reviews) that this is a common problem.  It seems like you can hear the processor even when not on a call.  I tell my self fine, it isn't the end of the world it is not too loud.Then the bluetooth problem came.  Granted mine wasn't as bad as alot of others but I always had difficulty syncing my phone with my car.  I would have to enable/disable bluetooth, re-pair etc.  Bluetooth in my car is important so I decide to use my free upgrade and get a galaxy s4 (I was originally going to sell whatever upgrade I got basically making the google phones free).  In all honesty the galaxy S4 didn't pair always that great either (come to find out my bluetooth is glitchy, car has now been replaced), but also online people complained about the nexus 4 and bluetooth.At this point I'm kicking myself in the butt thinking maybe I jumped the gun when it could have been my car the whole time.  Then it happened...My wifes phone would die with 27% battery remaining and the time would not update.  We had to reset the phone to get it to work.  Needless to say she also got a galaxy (S3).Outside of those problems listed above we liked the phones because it was easy to use as our first android phones and had a bunch of useful features (was less complicated then the galaxy), and was a no contract phone, so we didn't have the bloat ware on it.  It doesn't matter how great a phone is if it isn't realiable.  I just urge prospective buyers to research fully (not just read reviews here) before buying the phone.

It's an excellent phone because of is not so expensive but has very good specifications and is a google phone.

Looks new; you have to look really close to find very minor imperfectionsFound 4.2.1 update and then 4.2.2 right awayGreat screen

Excellent device, and even more when taking into account the price.Full return on investment, quick, great resolution, great cameras.After I bought it, I recommended for all my friends to get such a piece as well.

I expected better screen resolution, (brighter).  I also expected a micro SD slot.  I did not expect a micro sim slot.  I sent it back

This phone is great. Is incredibly fast. Is pretty smooth in all the operations. The resolution amazing, the screen also amazing.The only thing to complain about is the battery life.

Getting the latest version of android make me enjoy the nexus 4 :D .. I love the software Google makes :D

Simply the best phone there is, if you are not going for the iphone 5.Unfortunately, even though it based on openness, it does suffer of some limitations, similar to the iphone, which can at times be irritating, but again, similar to the iphone there are ways around it.

Excellent cell phone and great prize. Complete smartphone with a great HD camera and excellent performance. Very good product, I recommend it.

I have not experienced any hiccups with this item since I started using itGood for the purpose I bought it for.Thank you.

Nexus 4 is a really good phone for certain reason and not great for other reason.One..it automatically comes unlocked no problems trying to use other carriers. BUT, you will not get the best speeds that you would normally have had you bought a phone from the carrier that would better communicate with the towers rather than hspa+Two...It has an amazing camera with amazing features. Three..Its all Google But if something breaks you have to deal with LG.I could go on for days about the liquid feel sliding threw screens and the pixels on the front facing camera...Its been a great phone for me. I ALWAYS back up my pictures every few days because there is no removable battery and you never know what will happen. Don't call LG trying to replace a broken cable they will try to charge you $5 even though its covered in the warranty.

It is a great phone for the price, it has some probles with Snapchat, it might restart sometimes when you use it, but after that it is a great, fluid phone for the price

Optimal cost and benefit.Very beautiful, very light and thin.Fast and with a beautiful screen.Certainly a great buy. Very good experience, just in time, totally accomplish my expectations

very nice and fast phone.. i like the design, nice camera, really good price, 100% recommended .. it's similar to the samsung galaxy S3

First off i am a field technician for a subsidiary of a major wireless carrier, my company just offered this unit this year i got it before it went public, my company only charges 139.00 for the unit with a contract. Having said that i used to work for RF engineering in the Seattle area and did extensive data gathering with many, many handsets. I have grown to really like this phone and will give you some pro's and cons regarding it.Pro's...Fast processor with stock os applications. the Stock applications work very well, they are a bit bland but functional. when i started loading down apps to the handset like Go Launcher, Go SMS, Go dialer, Go keyboard, Go contacts, i ran into a few glitches. one is if you have a number contact that has extensions associated with them and pauses, the go dialer wont work correctly. I simply touch the stock phone icon, look up the contact and use that when i need the pauses, code numbers and extensions input automatically. this is more of an issue with the third party android app than the phone itself.Has a decent radio but like all smart phones has a tendency to want to lock on to 4g coverage even when its not even possible to make a call, necessitating you to manually put it in 2g only mode when in a rural area without 4g so you can make a call...beware i told you so.It has shown no issues of blue tooth syncing like some have experienced, it sinks automatically in my company ford f150 pretty much every time, if not, i simply push the sync button on the steering wheel and say "phone"...it connects and i am on my way.When you start filling it up with apps, there ends up being a lot of apps that think they need access to your gps location services but don't. this just eats up the battery when you allow all these apps to access that. there is a new function available in the 4.3 jelly bean upgrade that just came in that will allow you to individually deal with each app and its permissions. its called app manager and it works. it access the Ap ops system in your os and allows you to turn on or off all permissions associated with the app in question. nice function.Cons...1.SUCKS the battery. i can use it for 4-5 hrs and get down to 25% of battery use left if not careful. if you put it in sleep mode (push button on right hand side of handset) you turn off the screen and save batt life. also turn off wi-fi when not using it and also bluetooth when at home or not in car, that saves energy as well.2. No way of changing battery, its internal. you cannot open up the unit. this sucks, but i have yet had a need to do a real hard reset to factory default config due to issues or glitches. I have just purchased and am waiting to get the NO-LEMON battery case that doubles the battery life of this handset. Most people wont like the bulky size, but i like big and sturdy not thin and flimsy anyway.3. No SD card slot for memory expansion. not sure why they neglected this being that it only has 8gig of hd space, i have 2 gig left and only about 200 songs on my handset. most people have way more than that, so this could be a deal breaker for many people. i think the lack of an SD allows more stability for the os to work and function correctly.4. Sound is crap from handset external speakers. my blackberry sounded way better than this unit and it was over 5 years old.Even though i listed more cons then pro's i would recommend this phone over other handsets out there being that it is a quad core processor, has stock android with no carrier firmware embedded, and is actually a great smart phone if you can live with some limitations like no SD card and no ability to replace the battery when it craps. The price is simply the best out there for what is offered. hands down.

Back screen crack within 3 weeks, no drop! Defective product! & Terrible Service!I stil cannot believe why some people choose "not helpful" for the review of unreasonable back crack. It's the truth. Only what I can believe is either Nexus/GOOGLE fun or GOOGLE/LG hire somebody to click "no" for it.A week ago I see a crack on the back of the screen. It's only 3 weeks after I received the product.I used the phone for 3 weeks with no drop on the floor. I'm a kind of person always taking care of my personal stuff so well. So I believe the phone is under my control.Then I did some research and find a lot of similar problems happened. There has been some conclusion that it is caused by temperature. So technically, it should be a design problem, which I believe that it is defective product issue.Then I contact GOOGLE and learn 2 things:1. Google only has 15 days policy to return the product.2. Google will charge 15% restocking fee if we return the product.What a big company! What a terrible return service policy they have! Especially comparing Amazon!Then I told them the problem about the crack, they said they are not responsible for the "damage", I should contact LG for repair.After I contact LG, the customer service is terrible. The first one said they don't have this kind of problem, and he said that it is physical damage and not apply to the warranty, and need me to send it to LG to do examination, and need two weeks to get the phone.1. I need to pay the shipping fee.2. Wait for 2 weeks.3. Probably I need to pay repair fee because they have made decision that it doesn't apply to the warranty.4. I told him about the defective problem caused by temperature, he told me he's never heard about that and all customers called about the cracks are because they drop the phone. The truth is I've never dropped the phone after I got it, and there has been some news can be searched online by GOOGLE! How happened it has been in some news!Conclusion:1. Terrible services by two big companies throw the ball with each other. The customers are the loser finally.2. I still believe the CSR in LG is lying.3. I won't believe Google can do anything anymore. I probably like CSR in LG better because they are straight, not like Google's CSR, kindly saying a lot of words, but no help.4. Terrible Google return policy. 15 days return with 15% restocking fee. Do you want to extend your retail business as an small ebay seller?DON `T RECOMMEND google Nexus or LG phone.If nothing happened, it's functional. If something happened, you will see their terrible policy and service.See the link below for more related case.[...]

OK, the phone is fine. Google did an amazing job in their android 4.3.My phone fall, and this was the result -> [...]The whole screen is damaged, and I have to replace it, that not the issue.I called LG to ask for a replacement part, they told me they don't sell it to the customers. They have only a repair service, ok, could you tell me how much it will cost? I told him, I told him also it's a broken screen, they will need just to replace it. the rep said, no, you will have to send it first, then we will tell you how much it will cost.Now, if you look for a screen replacement on ebay, the cheapest one cost 100 dollar. That's a really expensive if you compare it with iphone screens. iPhone screen cost only 30 dollar, this one is 100 dollar, and that's a cheapest one. Some sellers sell it for 300 dollar.If you think you will get a service from LG, you are wrong. Once you buy it, you are on your own.

This phone is the best, and in white it's really great to look at. If your looking for an unlocked phone this is the best bang for the buck. Google and LG did a great job on this phone. The design is beatiful, the only thing is you have to protect it. I made a video of this phone, just a couple up close shots of the phone for anyone who's looking to buy this phone to seehttp://youtu.be/TnVWq1gThzA

This device is a rare case of purchase when reality exceeds your expectations :) Latest android 4.2 is amazing. The voice recognition is perfect both for English and Russian

Has all the specs,great dimension, faster and better than the iphone with more quality in images and videos.Great

Love google products, but they are generally not user friendly and glitchy.Phone performs great, no hangups, great clarity... love the free features including the included inductive charging... BUTBattery life is mediocre at best, OS is nice but not intuitive (I think they are trying to avoid patent fights at the expense of use experience).The screenshot feature is HORRIBLE in this version (i had two previous nexuses).Positioning of the powr/volume buttons makes you press the wrong thing quite often.It is very fragile... I dropped it from 3 feet (car seat) and the back cracked -- reminds me of apple greed (repairs).All in all, an OK phone, especially for $300, but don't expect too much. For $600, what LG is selling it for, I'd be pissed.

This is an excellent value for money product and the phone has become an indispensable part :-)I will recommend this to my friends,relatives and colleagues.

I received the phones as promised and they appeared to meet my needs.  However, when I tried to establish service with T Mobile I could not even get a signal in my home.  In short, I cancelled service, returned the phones and got another service and I Phones from Verizon.

One night using it, and I started loving it.Operating system works really smooth, I loved how it synchronized automatically with my later device things through google.Very nice upgrade and quite stable.

I received this product quickly. this phone works as expected so far. I have not found any problem for right now.

This unit needs to be sold to someone who is very familiar with the operating system loaded on the unit.  I had problems from the start.

I purchased this phone for my wife as a replacement for her iPhone 4. She quickly learned her way around Android OS and liked it a lot. Nexus has a great screen. It's big and with good pixel density. It didn't feel like it was a step down from iPhone's retina display.It's very fast as well. Applications open very quickly and my wife never felt like she needed more RAM in the phone.The only negative thing I can say about this phone is its camera. It really is average. Can't even compare it to iPhone's. If it wasn't for this, I would've given it 5 stars.

Phone is in great shape.  Looks and works as though it were new.

Very good experience, just in time, totally accomplish my expectations and, the only thing was that i had to pay for the shipping, have to be more cheap

It's work very well, the screen is really HD, and Android runs very fast, the camera it's good as iPhone Camera i have booth

I am in love with this phone, for its price, it has and is capable of a lot more than the Samsung Galaxy S3 e.g wireless charging and it is much faster with its 2GB RAM as opposed to 1GB in the S3. I love it! The Operating System is smooth and works lovely :)

No microSD slot and no user replaceable battery is a bit of a bummer. Other then that, it's a really great phone! Responds well to the touch screen. 4.2.1 has been awesome. Screen is pretty good. Videos look really good , pics look great as well. Camera, as with most, really only works well during the day time. Night time or in dark rooms you still get that grainy look even with the flash. The inductive charging feature is really cool, NFC awesome and use it all the time. Music sounds pretty good. the main reason I got this phone though is the hackabilty. it's made to rooted and ROM'd.

No complain at all.And this thing says I have to write certain amount of wards.So I am just typing.

Good phone 4/5 stars.  You can get the 8gb version for only 299 brand new directly from Google.  For 299 this is an excellent phone.  However, it is not as good as the Galaxy S3 or Galaxy Note 2.  I would even prefer the HTC One X since it has jelly bean.

We are pretty much Android users in my home, including a Nexus 7 tablet. After 28 months, our cheap Android phones started to die, so we decided to buy a couple of Nexus 4. This is my review after a week of use. Before I begin: Please notice the price of this phone and compare it with most recents Samsung or iPhone high end models.DESIGN: The experience so far has been great: the phone is lightweight, sleek and elegant.- Feels great on the hand (even with the Ringke Slim case we bought).- Buttons are well placed and are easy to reach and press.- In general, the screen size is perfect for reading, browsing, playing or any other regular mobile tasks. A little piece of advice: if you have small hands, maybe will be a better idea to purchase a smaller phone, like the Galaxy S3 mini, which is in the same price range.- If you use a screen protector (like the Halo Screen Protector Clear), the rounded edges of the screen won't be entirely covered by the protector; it's not a terrible thing, but it will impair the experience while swapping websites in Chrome. Other than that, most of the apps doesn't need to go completely to the edges in order to swap.HARDWARE: This phone is absolutely fast, no lag at all doing any tasks.- Screen is very responsive and for our use (mainly work tasks) the 8GB version is more than sufficient (we are packed with sync apps like Evernote, Pocket and Drive, and docs of all sorts, and still have 3GB free).- Colors and screen brightness are pretty good. Resolution is perfect for HD videos, and just simply keeps reading texts completely clear. I love the proximity sensors that turn off the screen while making phonecalls and the auto brightness that dimes the screen acording to the ambient light intensity.- Speaker is not that great, but I hate playing music or videos out loud anyways. If you use external speakers, sounds perfect.- If you are planning to load the device with music, maybe the 16GB (about $30 more) version will suit best your needs.- Camera is great for daylight pictures, but not so great for night pictures, but this is a common problem with mobile cameras. Of course, it has a led flash that does a great job for dark ambients and also can be used as a flashlight/lamp.- Charger is pretty much the same style as the Nexus 7, which is a USB cable and a small converter for the wall sockets (Nexus 4 converter is smaller then the Nexus 7). The most important here is that the USB cable is about 8 inches (20 cm) longer, which is great since the Nexus 7 cable was just too short. Note: It is not recommended to interchange the Nexus 4 and the Nexus 7 chargers, at least not on a daily basis... though it will work.- Connection speed: I live in Venezuela and we have one of the most crappy Internet connections in the continent, no matter what device you have, so I can't review this. But I can assure you that the phone works as expected compared to other high end mobile devices.BATTERY:Battery life is not great but is not awful. I'm a heavy mobile user and I take 1h bus roundtrips to work, every day. Then I keep using the phone for browsing, texting and taking notes along the day, and when I get back home at night, I always need to charge it. The good news is that it charges very fast (less than 2h from 10% to 100% with the screen off). Nevertheless, considering that the charger is very small, It's always a good idea to keep it with you and put it to charge from time to time in your desk or just plug in it to your USB port on your PC (though it charges slower). I always keep and extra USB cable at the office to charge my Nexus 4 or Nexus 7.SOFTWARE: for me, this is the best mobile OS on the market.- As I said before, I own a Nexus 7 (we also have a 10 inch ASUS ePad Transformer tablet), so I'm pretty familiar with it. After comparing Android 4.2.2. / 4.3 with iOS 6.x, Android absolutely kicks his ass in every way: it is more customizable, elegant, clean and intuitive. With iOS you just have to keep the things as they come and rearrange your digital ife around it, but with Android you can get a more personal experience with the device. I'm not saying that iOS 6.x it's a piece of crap, it works great and does its job, but I feel they have not made any important changes over the years and its features are very basic compared to Android. I could write a very extensive review just to highlight Android features over iOS (I don't have any recent Windows Mobile experience to include), but I can resume it saying that Android allows you to do more and in a more intuitive way.- Voice commands works great: you can dictate, search, ask or make phonecalls very easy and fast.- Most important: this phone has a &#34;pure Android version&#34;, which means it has NOT been pre-packed with tons of useless Apps or ugly interfaces that most of the Android mobile phones manufacturers tend to do.- As always: Google Play store has just any app that you'll need, free or paid.- For Google users: syncing is just great, not just with Gmail, but with any other Google application.- Sugestions: in order to get more of your interface, install Apex Launcher (free or paid versions on the Google Play) which allows you to customize your desktop and add pretty usefull gestures to control the device.

Its the perfect combination between price and performance, and obviously its sponsored by Google Inc.A friend of mine has a S4 and Samsung has so many useless software, you dont have the same issue here

UPDATE:  I traded this for a Nexus 5, but I still loved this phone like no other Android since... Original review below.----------I'm a regular iPhone user, but I always own the latest greatest vanilla Android so I can keep my knowledge fair and equal. I've owned every Google vanilla phone since Google started with the Nexus One. This hardware with the latest OS is the first time I've felt really comfortable and ready to switch. The apps I use are also finally usable enough and in the right place that I could do it with little heartburn.Because this phone and the previous phone, Galaxy Nexus both support the latest edition of Android OS, my main objective is to tell you what I like about this phone better. It's simple-- the edge of the phone has a really nice bevel to grip it. The Galaxy Nexus has a pretty smooth edge which requires you to &#34;cup it&#34; in your hand and sometimes use two hands is easiest. This phone has a nice bevel to keep it gripped in the hand so there is no issue holding it.From a performance perspective I should notice a marked increase from the Galaxy Nexus but I'll be honest-- this is not something I noticed. It may be that I simply didn't use in extreme ways to prove this difference.That all being said, in my opinion this is superior hardware experience to the Galaxy Nexus, but I wouldn't hesitate to go with the Galaxy Nexus if cost is an issue/focus.

love it, looks good, works great, better then any similar model that size. great response to touch, new wave in the market

You will not have to wait on this phone when you want to do something. It's processor will show you what you have been missing if you had a lower grade android phone ( even what was previously considered fast ). If you are smart about what you have enabled during the day, you can easily get 18 hours with 4 hours screen on time. I own a nexus 7 and made my phone feel like I slug. I trusted Google and I am so glad I did because I know this phone will be on top or ahead of other phones for at least 8 months. I'm using t mobiles infamous $30 which was a pain cause they say it doesn't exist in stores, you have to buy a micro Sim and activate it online. Other than that, there were no issues for me.

Excellent divice, it is not so big, you can handle it perfectly, last android update, very fast and confortable, I am loving it.

Simply put - if you want an Android smartphone there is only one to get and that is the Nexus (Google) branded one. It is a pure Android - meaning it hasn't been mucked up by any of the OEMs like Samsung etc - and even better it is an constructed phone that you can get off contract for a price that just about anyone can afford.

got this phone for my sister in Europe because it is opened and works there. She is happy and that is what I'm happy about. Great for everybody outside US. Highly recommend.

such a great phone! I really really love this phone, it worth the cost. I recommend it, especially for people living in Venezuela.

This is my fourth android phone. The screen quality is excellent, the speed of apps is good, but I can't seem to get more than a third of a day of battery lifetime on this phone.

It's perfect if you don't want to spend a lot of money but want a first class smartphone. Enjoying so far!

This is a high-end equipment, with all bells and whistles you could be looking for. Didn't have to chance to explore everything but, so far, I'm really happy with it. Definitely recommend to anyone who can afford it.

Android Philosophy -->----------------------The phones now are really choosing eco-system hence choosing the philosophy that suits you the best or inline with your personality or thought process. Apple (iOS) as everybody knows is a closed, restricted. iOS is certainly a 'weaker' OS, while Android lets you wander freely in the open sky and its more powerful. You will never feel restricted when you want to do anything with it. YOU FEEL YOU TOTALLY CONTROL YOUR DEVICE. That's where I like Android more over iOS. Android does not treat you dumb, it treats you intelligent, responsible and let you control your device and hence its overall usage.I just don't understand how one fruit company can control your device so much whereas on the other hand people even control their own life. More confusing is how people can let a company do that. Just because it produces the best looking product? IF THAT'S THE CASE WHY NOT BUY SOME ART WORK? AT LEAST WE WILL HELP ONE ARTIST. The device is for show-off or your own experience? What is more useful? A trophy wife or a mom like wife which does not look best but keep growing on you each day? Keeping the OS such dumb is for probably making the UI simple. Well use Android (pure stock Android that comes with google devices and you will never go back to iOS and rather you will find iOS lesser user and CUSTOMER friendly.Now little into specs->-----------------------1. Absence of LTE (The so called biggest flaw) -> Well the most sold iPhone 4S was same just 6 months ago and apple fan boy were not complaining at all and they would not had iPhone does not have LTE. Absence of LTE saves battery drain, data usage and HSPA is good enough for what smart phones are intended for and looking at smart phone usage pattern [MY PERSONAL EXPERIENCE].2. Camera is not great but good enough.AND REST EVERYTHING IS JUST GREAT-> Super fast, snappy, Screen (as good as retina), call quality, battery life, built quality, looks (great), ease of use. After nexus 3 and nexus 7 this device offers you the best value for your money. You are free to switch carrier or at least deny contract and hence control on your device by the carriers. GOOGLE DEVICES ARE ALWAYS FIRST TO GET UPDATE. My wife is having S2 and she is still waiting for 4.2 even after 6 months of 4.2 coming.----------------------------------------------------------------------Two Real life Examples iPhone lovers who converted into nexus 4 users----------------------------------------------------------------------1. My friend who was using latest iOS on iPhone 4S just said: AFTER USING NEXUS 4 iPhone FELT LIKE TOY. Now there is no going back for him.2. Another prime example (probably one of the biggest iOS (apple) lover Ralf Rottmann. He is co-founder of biggest iOS (Apple) app developing company of GERMANY and has the latest Apple TVs, two iMacs, the latest MacBook Air, a MacBook Pro, more than five AirPort Express stations and Apple's Time Capsule and yes iPhone 5 as well.HE HAS NOW TOTALLY CONVERTED INTO NEXUS 4. Read this great article (gizmodo dot com/5973073/an-iphone-lovers-confession-i-switched-to-the-nexus-4-completely).-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Bottom line-> Need phone now or need unlocked phone? Go for nexus 4. Can wait? wait for next nexus phone.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This phone rocks! No doubt about it. For this price, I don't think you can find a phone with the same benefits (for hardware and aesthetics).Even thou I found out that it heats a LOT while using some apps; what doesn't changes my opinion about the general aspects of the phone.Bright, clear and tough screen, heavy processor and about enough space (if you don't expect to have an ipod as a phone) to have all your stuff inside.While I do have some problems with signal here in Chile, most likely because of my carrier, when connected with 3G I can make use of most of the apps without problems.Most recommended!

The phone was simple to set up, all I did was put the micro-sim card in and it worked with my phone carrier instantly. Since it was unlocked it made it more valuable than to buy it from my phone carriers site, also I needed the phone fast as I was doing a new mobile carrier, so it was great that it was able to ship very fast. The price was higher than googles price, but they didn't offer one day shipping.

Exactly what I expected and more! Didn't find any disadvantages so far... Very cost-efficient and suitable for the average user.

I ordered this phone after reading so many positive reviews about it, and I was so happy when I received it and opened the box. The phone itself is sleek and very beautiful. The screen is bright, the processor is very fast, and number of free apps is unbelievable. But my excitement was cut short after the first day of usage. I fully charged the phone, went to work and showed all my co-workers my new beautiful phone and how good it was. However, by the end of the day, the battery was dead. All I did with the phone was made a few calls and that was it and played very few games. I thought maybe I had down loaded too many apps, so I deleted about 25% of them, I deemed the screen, turn off wifi when not in use, put the phone to sleep in 2 minutes when not in use. I down loaded battery monitor and checked and deleted what was consuming too much battery. It got just a little better but the battery still drains like crazy. I have returned to the use my iphone 4 and nexus 4 is now just sitting on my night stand. What a shame! Google could have done better with this phone battery life.  Other than the battery, the phone is excellent.

Overall the best phone I've owned so far. Had 2 Blackberrys and one iPhone 4S before this one.Only drawbacks could be: some lag switching camera modes , long camera focus time and not a HQ speaker.

I used the phone for 5 months and just sold it on Ebay. Went back to a Samsung Galaxy. Why? Well, the Nexus 4 is a good baby tablet, but a really bad phone. Dialing and controls are poor, it runs hot, contact management is really poorly designed, and it requires huge hands to do anything with one hand. However, the kiss of death is the antenna. My wife's "second class" Optimus L9 has 5 bars where my Nexus has an intermittent 1. Ugh. As I've been doing research it seems like more people are now coming forth and actually calling the Nexus 4 another antenna gate. The positive? The screen is really easy on the eyes and great for those whose vision is sub 20/20.Too bad. I wanted to like it, I really did. In fact, I like most of what Google does. I bought the phone because of my experience with a Chromebook, but the Nexus 4 just misses the mark.

I recommned it. Excellent phone. It is a really good phone, nice applications and features. And the Android version it comes with is very cool.

The times I had it working, it was fantastic. Smooth, pretty, fast, but I have gotten my second solid red LED now, with a new battery. Hardware glitches that I apparently can't do anything about cause the battery to discharge completely, and blah blah blah blah now I have a useless brick. This is apparently a problem that many people have come across. I'm glad lots of people seem to have gotten this to work, but there are enough problems with this phone that I'm not getting any Google or LG designed phones again. Darn, I had high hopes for this phone too.

best quad core android phone for the money nice IPS LED screen and 2gb of ram the only sad is that no have a SD slot T-T

After dumping my iPhone to return to the GoogleVerse I purchased a Nexus 4.  I wanted the "pure Android" experience, prompt Android updates, etc.  I was very happy with the phone for the first 10 days until it suddenly died.  I left it plugged in for 36 hours straight and the thing is a brick, even though the orange charging light comes on.I called Google support and spent a half hour with a "support specialist" trying everything to get the phone to wake up, including several hard reset attempts.  The phone is still dead so of course I want a replacement sent promptly since I have been without a phone for 48 hours already.  But no, the "support specialist" then tells me that I have to plug the phone in for another 4 hours (even though it has been plugged in for 36 hours straight already) and then repeat all the reset steps again.  It took me 5 minutes of vehement refusals before she agreed to "talk to a supervisor", after which they agreed to immediately start the process for a replacement phone.  Even after all of that they will not overnight a replacement phone, you have to order it online again via a link they provide and it won't arrive for at least 3 days, probably longer since today is Friday.  So by the time I get my new phone, and assuming this one works, I will have been without a phone for almost a week.I can certainly appreciate that sometimes you get a dud with any device, but what separates good companies from bad is how they respond in such situations.  If it was my iPhone that died I would have received an immediate replacement through an Apple or Verizon store.  In the case of Google they instead attempt to delay the replacement process while they quote "policy", and even once they agree to replace the obviously defective phone they make me wait days for a new device.I have always been a huge proponent of Google and their universe of products, and I own several other Google products including 2 tablets, a ChromeCast, and a Chromebook.  But this experience has left an extremely sour taste in my mouth to the point where I will need to reconsider how dependent I am upon Google Services.  This review is obviously more about Google Support than the phone itself, but given that the Nexus devices and Google are inextricably linked that is fair.  If Amazon allowed it Google would have received zero stars.***Update 1***So I finally got the tracking information on my replacement phone shipment and, knowing that I am phone-less, Google shipped the phone using the slowest possible means.  I normally receive UPS ground shipments in 3 days and I the original phone was shipped two day air.  This phone is not scheduled to arrive until end of day Wednesday, 5 days after the replacement was authorized and more than a week after my original 10 day old Nexus 4 died.  Google wouldn't even earn zero stars from me now, it would be a negative rating.***Update 1***

There are so many things about this phone that are awesome. I think most of it is the Jellybean OS, but the phone handles it smoothly.I am the first to download a different launcher to customize. But everything on this phone is so beautiful and seemless that I can't bring myself to do it. The lack of memory card is kind of crappy, but honestly, its best for the design of the phone. It wouldn't run as smoothly I feel with add external memory.For me, it's the little things. I have been behind in the phone world, my last one was the LG G2X. It was a pretty terrible phone from the get-go. But the Nexus 4 is a dream. Here is what I like: stock widgets, small and soft LED light, decent camera quality, the fancy glass back, and some other internal features that are nice touches.I would buy this phone on Google Play or third party, not through your provider. The lack of bloatware/network software was just so relaxing (especially with a smaller internal hard drive). And no one wants those crap T-mobile apps anyway. I just liked the simplicity of the device. It was like you took it out of the box, made small normal tweaks and it was good to go. And also extremely easy to get the hang of.

The specifications of the phone were all specific and after a month of using it made me glad I bought this phone.

Since I cannot find my original rating, rather than modifying it I am creating a new one. Without making this a hard and fast promise, I will probably never buy another Google phone. True, there is no bloatware from my carrier, but there is a TON of it from Google, MOST of which I do not use. And I cannot get rid of it - it won't uninstall.Next, every so often the phone shuts off on me. No reason that I can think of - it just happens.Third, there was a recent system upgrade to Android 4.3.3. The phone did not notify me of it - I found out from the guy who convinced me to buy this failure in the first place. So I had to do a factory refresh in order to get the upgrade. Even though I had backed up everything, as a matter of routine, there were still MANY things that I lost, as a result.Also, the last two system 'upgrades' provided me with nothing new that I could actually say benefitted me (the spelling is correct, I am Canadian). In fact, the most recent upgrade reinstated something useful which was taken away by the previous upgrade.Fourth, when the battery level gets to 30%, it immediately drops to 10%.Need I continue?

No support for Micro SD cardBattery absolutely sucks. I used FoxFi to turn it to a hotspot, screen shutoff, within 40 minutes battery dropped to 65%.

This is a very good smartphone with tons of features for the price. Considered other phones but the Nexus 4 had everything I was looking for in a smartphone

I've got this product in time (though fedex made some confusion). Phone was brand new, in box, as it was in description.The only thing I don't like in nexus 4, is that memory is 8 gb, and you can't make it bigger.

This phone is truly Amazing. I purchased it during the period when Google liquidated all the Nexus 4s in preparation to unveil the Nexus 5 and very few 4s were on the market.This is my first smart phone and I'm amazed at the overall capabilities. I like the seamless integration of email, search engine, texting and voice recognition. It makes me wonder how I ever got along without a smart phone in the past. I would make this purchase again, even with the(Nexus 5) out.This is really a great product.

i just love this phone is so great, i was thinking to buy Samsung galaxy s4 but look is same processor and ram memory inside, i don't need extra storage so am happy with integrated one, phone is so fast and working great i purchased this phone from World Wide Distributors and am so happy, is just amazing phone.

I bought it in September  2013. It was working perfectly fine, however 2 weeks ago it stopped working without any notorious reason (it did not receive any damage or any other thing it could affect it).I contacted LG and they told me: were not able to assist with in warranty issues like the one described. LG is only able to provide support for out of warranty products such as broken screens or broken back crystals. They recommended contacting Google 1-855-83-NEXUS (63987) since they asked LG not to provide assistance on under warranty Nexus devices.I contacted Google Nexus and they told me: If you didn't purchase your device or accessory on Google Play, contact the retailer where you purchased your device or accessory. So then i contacted amazon and they told me that they could not cover the warranty, and recommended contacting the direct seller. Amazon gave me Efficient Distributor's e-mail and ive sent three messages with no response. Ive also sent Efficient Distributor messages throught amazon with no reply. So then i contacted amazon again asking for a phone number or some other way to contact Efficient Distributor, however amazon does not have more contact information for Efficient Distributor  and could not assist me further.This products comes with a 1 year warranty that no one wants to cover! I hope i can get this problem solved!

Great phone 5 stars for all but the speaker, music isn't the greatest on this phone..... only complaint i have for the Nexus 4 overall.

If this is your first Smart phone you could be very happy with it, but if you have already had experience with a well implemented phone this one is just painful. At first I thought that maybe the odd ticks and bugs where just the way Android was. When I finally saw Android on the Samsung SIII though I could not believe the difference. It was hard to believe they were using the same OS (Android). Samsung's Android implementation is worlds better than this one. It is hard to believe that the phone Google is selling could have implemented Google's OS so badly.There are so many things that make the experience on the Nexus4 painful. For example. If you click on a link that is a PDF. Every other phone will open a PDF viewer automatically so you are able to view the file. One step and you are done. The Nexus4 downloads the PDF of the phone to a folder and pops up a little window to say "downloading.". So you have to close the browser, then go find the downloads folder, then try to figure out which file in the downloads folder it is that it just downloaded, then click on the file then, and THEN select what app should be used to view the file. Five steps. Something so simple that is made so difficult gives you an idea of how needlessly hard this phone can be to use.Pros:* Complete freedom. The phone is totally unlocked so you can take it with you to any phone company and use it with no contracts.Con:* Terrible Android implementation. See the description above for details. This one was the deal breaker for me. This is painful to use compared to Samsung's Android implementation.* No expansion slots for added memory.* Really high bandwidth usage. You will need a MUCH more expensive data plan. Since the phone can not store much with it's limited storage it constantly needs to go to the Google services to download contacts, music, photos, etc. So you need one of the highest end data plans.* Battery life is nowhere near what is claimed. Plan on having it plugged in pretty much everywhere you go.* No LTE support. I did not really care, but if you hate network lag this may get on your nerves.

For me, the only phones I'd consider purchasing are the Nexus series for a few reasons.1.  Timely updates.  You will always have the latest version of Android (unless you are on a CDMA network like Verizon which can take MONTHS to issue updates to their phones, even Nexus models.)2.  Pure Android experience.  No over-lays or extra fluff installed on the phone taking up CPU, Battery, Memory or storage space.3.  Ability to root the device easily in case you want to experiment with an alternative ROM.  (Rooting may, in some cases, void your phone's warranty, but unless you completely destroy the phone into a non-functioning door stop by dropping it in water or running over it, you can always un-root the phone before requesting warranty service.Yes, I'm a little worried that this phone is manufactured by LG, but I'm hoping that it was produced to stringent Google specs and will be as reliable as my original OG Droid and my Galaxy Nexus.Advantages over Galaxy Nexus (Verizion)This phone is FAST, even running stock android vs a custom ROM on my Galaxy Nexus, this phone is very speedy.  I hadn't really noticed the Galaxy Nexus feeling slow, but it does now after using the Nexus 4 for a few days."Feels" more solidGoogle Wallet is fully supported.Batter life is well over double what the battery life of the Galaxy Nexus is on 4G LTE.Brings us to the disadvantages:Batter is NOT user replaceable.Personally, I think the Galaxy Nexus with it's AMOLED display has a slight advantage in contrast and color saturation.Over-all, I'm very happy with the Nexus 4 and can highly recommend it.

The phone is absolutelly amazing and meet all the needs and expectations.It's a success all around the world and being unlocked you feel free to use your preferred cell phone company.Enchanted !!!

I used the Nexus 4 for about four or five months; a long period of time for a phone hound like me.I loved it. The resolution was stunning, the screen was great, and I loved how fast it was. Not to mention the support for the newest updates and the options for custom ROMs available.The only problem was that I needed to carry a cord with me to class to help keep it charged. If I didn't have a short charge mid-day, by 4PM its battery would be almost dead, guaranteed. I reduced the amount of time I used it during the day, which helped, but I want to be able to use my device.It is still a great phone, and will get updates for a while longer. I would recommend it, if you have no need for LTE.Also, the camera was just mediocre, but took decent enough pictures for Facebook, etc.

Maye not comparable to many with the iPhone 4s or the Samsung Galaxy S3, but truly a great phone.Touch screen is flawless, graphics amazing, speed is great, ease of use (Google's Android) is for babies and LG have made a great job as a whole.Maybe some features need some improvement like the camera, but still 8 M Pixel shots and HD videos are quite a beauty.Only disadvantage for me is the limited 8 GB capacity and no option to add a mini SD card.Highly recommended!

Great phone at a great price! Even if you surf all day you don't need more than this phone for internet surfing and texting.  The lack of 4g seemed irrelevant on AT&T and it is a pleasure to work with.  Camera needs some improvement though at night.

Now that they have updated the OS and worked out the kinks I love the phone, but don't pay this much for it. You can get it from Google for $199 [...]

I bought the Google Nexus 4 because the hardware is very good, and mainly the OS is update directly by Google.

I love my new phone Nexus 4 Released. Excellent care and kindness at the time of purchase. Very good quality product and optimal conditions at the time of receipt. Very Grateful lot purchase Product scam Serious and Responsible Sellers.

and price is much lower. And better news, Google cut Nexus 4 price by $100 more. Check it out. You may find a better deal for Nexus 4. Check it out online before you buy from sellers and their return policy.

It covers all my expectations!!!, Is fast, good design, low price and excelent android version. In general, I like it.

Seriously, this is the best phone I have ever had. It is very fast, no screen freezes, completely user friendly and overall beautiful! The only problem.. I'm completely addicted to it.. which really is not a problem ;)  100%, this is the best Android device in production currently. It blows Apple products (iPhone specifically) out of the water and edges by the Samsung Galaxy s4.

I really love this smartphone: excellent design and details, great screen, adequate battery life. Google experience is way more usable and friendly than customized Android cells. Now I understand why after a Nexus most people don't consider anymore other smartphones.

Even though I had planned to wait for the Nexus 5, I jumped at the $199 price from Google Play before they ran out. Even at the Amazon prices, this is a fantastic value for an unlocked, no-contract, high-end Android phone. I love the speed and responsiveness and the pure Android experience. Shop around for a service provider - I found a $35/month unlimited everything no-contract plan from GoSmart Mobile on the T-Mobile network. As other reviewers have noted, this phone will not work with Verizon or Sprint, you will need to find a GSM provider. All in all, I couldn't be happier with my purchase.

They advertise this product as unlocked. Just got it today, it is not. Does not work for Verizon. Way to waste money and time. So frustrating.

Really delivers, with no lags and smooth transitions. Haven't had any issues so far. Good screen size quite comfortable to read and watch videos.

Excellent product. In shipping was very fast and the phone arrived in perfect condition. Very good smartphone. Recommended for those who want to venture into the world of Android.

I have been using phones from the Nexus family, since the first, but this.... It's just amazing without been rooted, realize that if you root the the possibilities are infinity....

Awesome phone but there is no headphones... I think it should have its own headphones so I didn`t have to buy in another place

Please note - this review is for the 16 GB Nexus 4 but I wanted to post it on the 8 GB since other than storage size there aren't any other differences between the two.I am tech guy. I love new gadgets and I love anything related to technology. With that said, when the Nexus 4 was announced it intrigued me. I've tried Android about 2 years ago on a Galaxy S phone and wasn't impressed. I wasn't sure if it was the operating system itself or the experience that was given through the Galaxy S phone.When the Nexus 4 became available again on the PLAY store I decided to order a 16 GB model. For only $50 more I felt it was worth the upgrade. The phone arrived on Monday, February 4th. I was excited for it's arrival as I was anxious to see if the Nexus Android experience would lure me away from my iPhone 5. I've been using iOS for several years and while the simple interface of icons did bore me a bit, the phone did everything I needed and more.PROS -There is much to like about this phone. When I unboxed it, the large display instantly grabbed me. I was excited to try a phone that was a bit larger. I unboxed and powered it up. I didn't have a micro-SIM card so I couldn't start using it right away (the iPhone 5 has a nano-SIM). I set everything else up and connected to WiFi. I started configuring all my accounts, apps, etc. I came across some issues but overall it was nice.Screen (4.7") - The screen on this phone is very nice. I don't feel the quality is the same as an iPhone 5, but it's definitely one of the best on the market. It's larger, but not huge like the Galaxy Note  and Note 2. It's also one piece of glass on the front of this phone so there are no grooves are indention's of any type.Customization - One of the biggest things Android fans talk about is the customization that is possible in the Android operating system. The possibilities are endless, of course, having the time to play with these options is another story. You can almost do anything you'd like if you take the time to find the settings and/or app that will allow you to do it. You can also load custom ROMs and root your phone to allow more options. I did not go that far with this phone as I really didn't have the time or the need, but the possibility is there.Android OS directly from Google - The main reason I chose the Nexus 4 was because I liked the fact that the operating system was provided by Google and wasn't junked up with any added interface like HTC, Motorola and Samsung like to do. It's a pure Google experience with OS updates directly from Google and quicker than any other phone. Android 4.2 really is the best Android OS to date. The options are endless, the system seems more refined than past versions and overall it's a needed and very nice improvement.CONS -As a user of iOS, many Android fans would call me a simple minded person. I take that as a compliment. I love technology and I love playing with new gadgets, but for some reason, when it comes to my phone I just want it to work and do what I need it to do. There were several situations that I came across that prevented me from doing what I wanted. Here they are:Battery Life - Far and away the most frustrating part of using the Nexus 4 was the battery life. With my iPhone 5, I was accustomed to getting almost two full days of battery life out of my phone. There were many occasions where when I layed down for bed at 10 PM my phone would be at 53%. This was not the case with the Nexus 4. My battery died every day anywhere from 3-5 PM. I spent several hours tweaking and configuring settings on my phone. I turned the brightness of the screen down to 10%, I turned off unnecessary features like NFC, bluetooth, cellular data when not needed and wifi. I disabled all widgets, I turned off syncing of many apps except email. I essentially turned my phone into a dumbphone by disabling all the things we love to have with our smartphones. Even with all of this, I still was lucky to have 10% battery life by 6 PM. This was unacceptable in my mind and was a big drawback to using this phone.Earpiece and Speaker Volume - Another big issue I came across was when I was speaking to anyone whether it was on speakerphone or via the earpiece I could barely hear them. I spoke with several people ranging from landlines, to iPhones to Android phones to basic flip phones. It was all the same. The volume was up to the max and I could barely here them. The speaker volume was exactly the same, which leads me to my next issue...Speaker Placement - I will never understand why LG and Google decided to put the speaker on the back of this phone. This really diminished the audio quality of watching videos/movies or talking to someone on speaker phone. I found that whenever I used speaker I had to be very careful how I held the phone or where I placed the phone or the sound would either be very low and/or very muffled. This is a serious design flaw in my opinion.Notifications - I know that the Android notification system is loved by many, but personally I did not like it. Perhaps I'm too accustomed to iOS notifications, but I personally don't like to have all my notifications pop up on the top of the phone. It's great for text messages and missed phone calls, but I didn't want all my e-mails to show up, all my google voice calls and texts and others. I realize I could turn these off, but with iOS I could actually have a badge show up on the app showing that I have a notification for that app. Nothing more, nothing less. I simply would open the app when ready and check what it is. I prefer this method because I use my Google Voice account for business and didn't want to be bothered with notifications all the time, but did like to know when something was there for me to check when I had a chance.Apps - The Play store has many apps to choose from and I like the changes that have been made in the transition from Market to Play. Unfortunately, the quality of the apps was very poor in my opinion. I use a variety of different apps, utilities and games. Many of the apps I used (particularly banking apps) were very poor quality. They were clunky and looked unfinished and many were very unstable. They stopped responding, they crashed, etc. When browsing the Play store, having to sort through the junk apps to find higher quality apps is another bother. I realize you have junk apps on iOS too, but I noticed far too many apps that did not apply to what I was searching fro when browsing the Play store. I know that Android is capable of having a smooth interface and app experience, but it's up to the developers to refine their app and that clearly didn't happen on the apps I used.Size - I listed this as a  pro, but I found it to also be a con. Here's why: I'm not a small guy - 6'1" and 190 lbs. My hands are average size and I found the phone to be difficult to hold at times. I loved the large screen, but the comfort level of holding a 4.7" screen is not very good. I nearly dropped the phone on several occasions, and did not like the feel of the phone in my front pocket (how I carry all my phones). I prefer on handed operation on many occasions, but found that wasn't possible with this phone for most of the things I did.LTE (or lack thereof) - Obviously, I knew this phone was lacking LTE when I purchased it. I've read many reviews and everyone said that while it doesn't have LTE, it still was fast enough to get the job done. My provider is AT&T; and I saw a huge speed difference in the iPhone 5 and the Nexus 4. The iPhone 5 was constantly grabbing 40 Mbps down while using LTE. I was lucky to get 2-3 Mbps on the Nexus 4. I don't blame the Nexus 4 entirely for this as I understand that it's the AT&T; network more than anything, but the phone is lacking the latest technology (for many reasons, some out of Google's power) and that hurts it's functionality and value in my mind. Streaming video on LTE is like no other. It's faster than my home WiFi and is very smooth. HSPA+ on AT&T; and the Nexus 4 felt very bogged down and slow.CONCLUSION -After spending about a week with the Nexus 4, I decided to go back to to the iPhone 5. I enjoyed using Android and enjoyed a lot that this phone had to offer, but the battery life was one of the biggest problems with using this phone. It's a shame, as this phone has a lot of potential. My experience is going to be different than everyone else, but I hope that this review will help others decide whether or not the Nexus 4 will fit their needs.

It is an excellent phone, and came as is mentioned in the description, if any problem. I advise those who want to buy this cell will not be disappointed :).

I bought the 16 gb version,The one only positive thing i feel is the GOOGLE  OS,2 GB RAM and Processor other than that , there are lot of issues as outlined below.1)Poor battery - Battery does not last even for a day, with normal usage , i tried all the setting mentioned over internet, but no much improvement2)The phone does not have any Logo on front panel, at times it is very difficult to know which  is top and bottom, especially in sunlight and lot of glare in sun light.3)Eventhough in papers they have the highest resolution,compared to SAMSUNG 3, i dont see much calarity compared to samsung S3 which is now selling for same nexus price4)Bluetooth cannot be turned to ON5)Camera is the very worst after battery, very cheap and clarity at worst6)On improvement to android OS, the volume bar and other information can be made to transparent ,because it blocks in middle of the screen.its a good OS on a Bad Hardware.Samsung s3 is good on the above issues mentioned, even they have changed Android OS to suit usability and with same price its good to buy Samsung S3

It works very well, has the latest Android version, very nice features, size is ok and is not very expensive. Totally recommended.

Bought this phone for my girlfriend.  It pained me to see her struggling with her old Galaxy S phone.  Coming from a Google Fanboy (I have google tattoed on my forearm)  this is a great off contract device.  Its worth every penny.  Especially Now that the price dropped another 100 bucks to 199.00.Speed and memory wise it is plenty capable.  And far outshines any phone at its price point.  Its intuitive and easy to pick up and use.  I would even go as far as to purchase this for my technology inept parents.Looks.  this has to be one of the nicest looking phones ive ever held in my hand.  It feels perfect to the thouch.  and the backplate with its jewels still has a masculine look to it.LG did great with this point.  Signal , battery, speed its all right on par with what i expect from nexus devices.  sound timely updates straight from Google.  You really cant go wrong with this phone

I bought it via google play store for 299.99. It came a week earlier than they predicted. It looks awesome. It feels extremely solid, well built.  And the Jelly Bean OS is flawless and not cluttered with some manufacture's random crap. The phone has not made one hiccup. No crashes. No error messages. Nothing. It just works. Best android phone out there. My girlfriend has the Iphone 5, and I find it painful to use after playing my with Nexus 4. My screen is bigger, the processor is snappier etc etc.The only cons so far....the speaker phone is a little weak. The battery is not amazing. Its not bad, just not amazing. It lasts 3-4 movies streaming netflix with wifi and 4g on. About 7-8 hours of heavy use. Light use and it will last all day. I guess not having a microSD slot is a con, but with all the google cloud apps, not a big deal.I am 110% satisfied, and glad I didn't waste twice as much money on a lesser phone.Update-Still the best phone I have ever owned. The battery is not as great these days. The back glass cracked somehow. and after the android update to 4.3 I get constant notifications to select a keyboard language...wtf google. I am looking for its replacement now. I am still happy with my purchase. I have put it through some hard times and its taken it like a champ. but it definitely shows signs of wear. Buy a case or a skin.

the nexus 4 is a great phone it's OS operates smooth, camera (to me) is awesome, the look and feel is beautiful. Only two Cons, the battery should have been more powerful due to having a powerful CPU and why no headset. Besides this the phone operates like a charm you can do almost anything with this phone, concerning the unavailability of extra storage it doesn't bother me, that problem is for gamers. In the end I would recommend this phone as a best buy

*prosperformance, capabilities* screen size, google updates, andriod market, price compared to competitions of the same configurations...cons* no expandable memory* battery, for me it last just for a day

The phone is all it says it is.  I love it.  The only problem, not your fault, is that I had to get a micro sim caerd.  Carrier is sending one free.

very good smartphone, light and comfortable to use.  easy to use interface.  nice screen.  The price little high but I am happy with it

great screen, great performance, it has been an excellent purchase so far, i am very pleased with this phone, haven't experienced any problems so far

A lot of memory and a huge processor core.A bad point is the battery length.I could also come with a SD slot.

It's an amazing phone! If you want to be on the top right now and a good price this is the cellphone for you!Also, really quick delivery !!

excellent smartphone .... only lacks storage ... will update when you turn the first time to android 4.2.2 with no problem, I'm waiting for the next update

Hopefully it was just a fluke but I received brand new in package with invalid ESN/IMEI.  This made it impossible to use with any carrier.  Buyers beware from certain sellers.

Google Nexus 4 is a great phone! It's functions are worth its price. Love and recommend it! The company delivered in time, however the price wasn't the best but the unique option I had which would delivery in the next business-day.

It's beautiful and very fast, but I check the connection to YouTube, is slow. I can have many applications open without affecting the performance of the equipment.

Fantastic phone! I recommend it to anyone needing a new phone. Works great with my apps and I was able to transfer all my contacts using my google account.

The seller kindly send me package, and help me check USPS because it's firstly delivered without reaching me for signature. Thanks for VTA sellers' kindess.Also the product is great! I use its GPS, bluetooth earphone, all are great. That else shall I expect? It's great!

I don't believe I can say much that hasn't been covered by the other reviews in here. The phone is great, and while it does look fragile, believe me: this phone is tougher than it looks, for I am become wreck, the destroyer of phones, and I haven't managed to break this baby. I've dropped it countless times (as I've done with ALL my phones) and it still shows no sign of wear.

Clear visuals, easy and intuitive to use, works well with no-contract plan. And all of the Google stuff is loaded without a lot of other stuff I don't care to have, like my Verizon phone came with...

A very impressive piece of technology, Nexus 4 has overcome my expectations. Android 4.2 is awesome, running in a very fast hardware and with a wonderful clean design. LG and Google made a remarkable job into this one.

I purchased by Nexus 4 and it exceeded all expectations. The 4-core CPU and GPU provide excellent performance. The stock Android experience is nothing like phones from carrier that are loaded down with bloatware. It's awesome having the latest version of Android before everyone else does. This is a great phone.If you are into hacking/modding your phones, then there is no better phone to get. The mod/ROM community is extremely active for this device. There are still tons of custom ROMs, Kernels and Mods coming out for this device every day.Due to the excellent developers community, support community, performance and pure Android experience, I would choose this phone over the Samsung Galaxy S 3/4 even if they were the same price.

I've been using this phone for one month now and I have had no bad experiences so far whatsoever. It is fast, easy to use and the battery lasts relatively long (for a smartphone). It makes great HD recordings!

Lightning quick, so much RAM... not so much storage (but I don't need that much anyhow). A great value at a relatively low price.

Good product, it's just like that I wanted.I think that is the best phone for this price.Good android device

Great! just great this phone! The better Cellphone for me. Hard, Fast, and beautiful, I love It I love It I love It!!!!

its pretty nice, and a well built phone. I 've been using it for almost three weeks now. I am quite satisfied. However, i do feel sometimes that its approxi. sensor has some issue. Screen remains black for sometimes almost a minute after the end of call. a part from that i have no complaints.

I've had different phones, including iphone4. The screen on this is so much bigger, would never go back to iphone4.Speed is impressive.  Very happy with this device.

This is the best phone and here is why, the price! You can do almost any thing the top phones can do for half the price. No contract, again more money in your pocket. I got the 16 instead of the 8. I like movies, music and books and I have them all on my phone. So many features and so little time. Best phone hands down. If I broke it or lost it I would buy another one. That's love. Haha.

excelent product, very fast and prety, i love android 4.2.2 this smartphone is very powerfull and updated bla bla bla

I ABSOLUTELY ADORE THIS DEVICE~Man how did i live without this thing? It does my email, banking, phone calls, texts messages, paystub applications! GAMES!!!It does everything i mean you'd have a hard time finding out what is does not do! It even gets hot enough to toast bread!(No kidding this thing can heat up in heavy usage)Everyone loves Google for their name and search value! But now they have so many products attached with that same value Google is an awesome company with an awesome vision and i will follow them to the death! Especially if they have keep the price low on these nexus devices.!NFC(I really never find the time to use this feature but it is neat) WIFI HSPA+(i have it on t mobile)Blazing internet speed with up to 11 Mbps ON AVERAGE i feel like my phone is catching up to my home internet everyday!PHOTO SPHERE camera application! Man this is cool you can take awesome Full Field of view pictures 360 degrees from every point of view and put it in the same picture!

Well, I had problems with another phone where the battery kept dying every day. I bought this and still skipping. I Thank T-Mobile for suggesting to purchase the phone from Amazon and it saved me HUGE $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$....NEW! It is worth it!

For its price the phone is really nice with a lot of features. It was my first time with a touch phone and I am happy with the experience. The touch is smooth and responsive and the phone in all is very light.Only issue is that my screen blacks out a lot when I am on a call, so I dont know whether it is a problem with just my phone or some software bug.

It is big, battery lasts 2 days (as compared to my previous 2 samsungs).Pros: incredibly fast, great software for pictures, good picture qualityCons: wifi and data problems in locked mode, although 8GB seems enough, it's actually less in reality. and the lack of a card slot is really painful

This phone is more than bang for your buck.The video processor is great.battery life is good to average.Screen is great.Google software is amazing.Not much more you can ask for in a phone.DEFINITELY best phone out there.SIMPLE USEFUL AND CHEAP!

Excelente celular, el vendedor entrega lo que ofrece en el anuncio y lo hace a tiempo, se los recomiendo 100%

The best description is excellent. Although I do not have explore it deeply yet, I have taken a lot of great photos, and the battery last me one day without problem. It is very quick and the screen is great. I am very pleased with this phone.

I bought this for my father in law and it was awesome, i am using the i phone 5, but my next would be nexus product.

excellent phone ... I love it! the only bad thing is that it is very little storage.. otherwise this very well ..

You will not have to wait on this phone when you want to do something. It's processor will show you what you have been missing if you had a lower grade android phone ( even what was previously considered fast ). If you are smart about what you have enabled during the day, you can easily get 18 hours with 4 hours screen on time. I own a nexus 7 and made my phone feel like I slug. I trusted Google and I am so glad I did because I know this phone will be on top or ahead of other phones for at least 8 months. I'm using t mobiles infamous $30 which was a pain cause they say it doesn't exist in stores, you have to buy a micro Sim and activate it online. Other than that, there were no issues for me.

I bough this phone in June 21 of 2013, from this site. I am having problem with random shutting off. When I tried the Technical Support of LG, they told I should look for Google or T-mobile... What?? I did not buy it in GooglePlay, nor did I in T-mobile... Also, Google tells me to go to LG... Can anybody tell who should I contact to have my warranty?

The 16GB version of this phone was selling on the US Google Play site for 350 USD, until August 2013, when they dropped the prices by 100, to 250 USD. That price, for a full-featured, reasonably high end, well specified, unlocked Android phone was amazing. I bought one immediately after that price drop and I'm glad I did, because Google ran out of inventory in mid-September, and is unlikely to replenish stock, with a new model (the Nexus 5?) almost certainly on the way.This phone is terrific, is well built, feature laden, and combined with a 30 USD / month T-Mobile plan (100 minutes of talk, unlimited texts and data, at T-Mobile's 4G speeds - but not LTE), offers the best value in cell phones today.Pros:+ Just the right size and weight, not too big, not too small. I've used an iPod Touch (4th & 5th gen) extensively too, and those definitely feel, and look, a little too small now. The screen on the Nexus has better resolution (1280x738), and is significantly larger (4.7"). Having said that I wouldn't want a phone larger than the Nexus - it would become cumbersome.+ Google Maps has replaced my GPS navigation devices completely. The Nexus is an ideal size for this.+ Everything just works, as expected.+ Very responsive: the quad-core processor and 2GB of RAM probably help here. I haven't seen any lag, except in Chrome on complex and high-content web sites, where I've seen similar lag even on mid/high end desktops.+ Highly reliable: I've rebooted it once in a month (and that was only after a lot of application installs (about 100) and lots of configuration changes during initial setup over the first couple of weeks. I'd reboot the iPods equally frequently after large changes.+ Packed with features, see the Google site: [...]Cons:+ The camera, while having a decent 8MP resolution, has sub-par color rendition, and doesn't perform in low-light as well as the Apple cameras (on the 4S and the iPod Touch)+ Notifications on an unlocked screen (e.g. news bulletins, appointments and email and text arrivals) are not managed as well as on the Apple devices, although there are Apps that help with this e.g. LightFlow. After a month of occasional tweaking, I still see more useful alerts and news bulletins on the iPod than I do on the Nexus (even with the same news and email accounts configured).+ The battery barely lasts a day with light to moderate use. I have BatteryGuru installed to help with this, and I'm careful with screen brightness, background apps, GPS/WiFi/Bluetooth usage etc. Most of the time this is OK for me, I keep it charged when in the car, and occasionally connect it to my laptop to charge when at work, but this would be an issue if I were hiking in the wilderness much.

Good luck if you crack this overly fragile screen. The parts are priced like they are manufactured on the moon and shipped via time travel. LG customer support is horrible and when contacting google they initially contested that I had even bought the phone from them in the first place then after proving that I had they then proceeded to contest that phones fault was covered by the warranty. Save your money for a heroin habit. It would be better spent... LG has gotten their last shilling from me. It's officially on the list of companies that can die in a fire.

this phone is what I call and Android iPhone - and I for one do not like iPhones!  the 8GB of storage space is pathetic and WORSE still is the fact that you cannot add an SD memory card to it.....wth are the manufacturers thinking!!!!!  if it wasn't for that inexcusable oversight on their part the phone is great...but not enough for me to give it more than one star....I wouldn't even give it that if I could...Google, you need to go back to the drawing board!

Bought this as a b-day present for my significant-other. Right now as of this writing, there are two classes of unlocked smartphones -- those at or above $600-650 (HTC One, Samsung S4), and this one for $350-400. They're a different class of phone.Pros: price, stock Android (which means you'll get timely updates), nice display, fast quad-core processor, unlocked SIM, ready for AT&T; or TMobile (note: you'll likely need to setup new APN settings, if bringing the phone to a wireless provider )Cons: mediocre camera software, no LTE, 8-16GB only, no micro SD, no HDMI out (you have to buy a 3rd party adapter for evice hookup with the USB); stock Android is a bit dull looking.I'm trying to decide if I want to get one for myself now. No N5-32 Gb in sight, so weighing against that other class of unlocked smartphone.You really need to purchase some kind of case protection as well for this one.  I bought an Acase Superleggera Pro Hybrid. Covers up the back but protects the phone well without being overly bulky.

Good design (it has glass on both sides)Powerful hardware (all software I'm using works)Nice camera (no image stabilizer though)I like it.

I recently switched over to android from the iphone, and i have to say this was a good phone to introduce myself to the android with. Its a very nice phone and I'm begining to love google with all its features and seamless connectivity with all its applications.I did find a few cons:1. dust collect and is attracted very easily to the earpiece speaker on the top of the phone. Must clean regularly.2. the phone has a big gap on the top between the bezel and the screen, this is the design to make room for speaker, dust gets trapped in there very easily and if you do not clean it can eventually travel under the screen itself.3. the speaker on the back is easily muffled by just setting the phone on a flat surface or on your bed etc. so sometimes it rings very low because its being blocked. i think this was a design flaw. you would normally have to set it on its face to hear it ring properly in a noisy room.4. the speakers sounds are horrible and sometimes distorted if they are loud.5. music volume level is pretty low you cant really listen to your music as loud as you could on an ipod or any other music device.Pros:1. battery life is very good, way better battery life I ever got on my iphone2. the screen is superb, i really like the extra screen space and the vibrant color display3. get the latest android on your phone always before all the other models.

I got the Nexus 4 because I love Google products. I also have a Nexus 7.The specs on this phone is amazing. Its quad-core, 2gb ram, and capable of downloads up to 42Mbps.The main thing I love about it is Jelly Bean 4.2.2.  It is such an amazing OS. It is way more advanced than Apple. The photosphere is so cool. The quality and construction was better than expected (since it was made by LG), but they did a superb job.Another great thing about this phone is the battery. I use the phone HEAVILY and it still lasts a day and a half.

This is one of the worst phones I have ever purchased!!  I have had nothing but problems with this phone since I bought it....and lately they are getting worst.  Dropped calls, can't call out and calls are not received... Messages don't show up for hours.  At first I thought it was T-Mobile service, but it is not.  Called Amazon, but since my warranty is about to expire, they will do nothing..... So now I have a $300 phone and a lot of aggravation!  Thanks Amazon lg Nexus 4 for this piece of crap!!!

I'm using it for medical school rotations and it has everything I need. Haven't had a problem with it so far and I'm definitely putting it through hell.

What I ordered and what I got were two different things but as I am abroad and the price is not worth trying to return I didn't bother. If it was the right model then it might be a 3 in terms of build quality but its always more-irritating-then-when-I-am-in-the-US because of the difficulty of retun so if i could give less than 1 star i would, hopefully others have had better experiences.

This phone is amazing. It is fast, great battery life, and is so easy to root/flash roms. This thing is considerably better than the One x I am coming from. No pesky user interface, or carrier control. Your updates come directly from Google, not the carrier. Be the first to get android updates.

WTF? For what reason does this thing have a glass back? So you have to replace both sides.  That's why....

Nexus devices are the best for the ones who want the first updates of Android. I do love this phone. The 8GB is ok for me. I saved all my photos on dropbox. I was considering to buy the 16GB version but the 8GB version was a good option for me. Recommended for eveyone.

So, here's the deal. I bought two of these on the day they were released, after fighting the Play store with everyone else. I was worried about it being an LG, since every single phone they've made has been an absolute piece of crap, but this one wasn't. When I finally got the phones, over a week after I ordered them from the Play store, one was magnificent, and the other was... less magnificent. A few months later, I ended up trading both for a couple of Galaxy S III's, for my wife and I to try. She prefers the GS3, but I decided to go back to a Nexus 4.Rather than fighting the Play store again, I decided to order from Amazon - it cost me a small amount more, but it's worth it for two reasons - First, I got it in a reasonable amount of time. Second, if I need to replace the phone in the first 30 days, it'll be SIGNIFICANTLY less of a headache.So, the phone is great, the deal is great, and you can get it fulfilled by Amazon.... There's nothing to lose here.

we dropped the phone that caused some screen damage on a corner; one third of the screen is not working. I called LG, they have no estimate for the repair, I have to mail the phone to them.....- all other phones' screens still work after any kind of damage.- at least iphones have stores everywhere that you can stop by for repair or estimate.if you want to replace the the screen on your own, you can do it but it is not easy and it is not cheap.Very very poor customer service.I would never recommend Nexus-4

Except for battery and not have sd card.The price and have a pure android is great.For ever Google.

I would like to have the 16gb cel phone with a lower cost, however everything with my nexus looks great even the small card size

If you depend on your phone to work with bluetooth, be aware of the potential for serious dysfunction, and be prepared to return it before your return window closes.Upgrading from my old Nexus One to the Nexus 4, and trying to get it to work with my car's hands-free system has been an unmitigated nightmare. Dangerous, too. I'm very disappointed. I previously believed the Nexus line to be extraordinarily well-supported by Google. I'm sorry to report from personal experience that there are serious cracks in that expectation.Just for the record, I've had NO problems using any other phone with my car to this point.I went online to research the issue and make sure I wasn't missing something. Forget it, this phone has serious bluetooth issues.  I found reasonable people discussing the problem online, even on Google's own Code.Google.com site (for example see Issues 41625, 42520, 42255, 39688). Google takes no public responsibility for this problem, which might explain why no reviews I am aware of mention the problem. So many decent, unsuspecting people wasting their time with this problem, and Google is completely AWOL...  I would expect better from Google when it comes to their flagship device.Tech support is clueless, shirking responsibility, suggesting the problem is with me or my car.Personally, I am disgusted with Google for putting out a product that is obviously, dangerously broken.

Actually the performance is good, but it has 2 thigs I don`t like at all, those are: The screen, it is TOO WASHED OUT! (colors) If you have seen AMOLED displays you`ll be disappointed for sure. The other one is: The handset is THICK, Samsung smartphones are thin. Other than that it is a good phone. Not for me :)

light, fast, and powerful phone. i have no complaints about it the glass parts are not fragile and worth every penny

It is everything the reviews say it is and more.  I'm happy I made the purchase, even with the minor defect.So you can buy this phone directly through Google or LG for $299.00 but the third party reseller is looking for some overhead.Mine came with a power button that sounds to be loose.  It doesn't effect the operations of the phone and when I brought this to Amazon's attention they gave me GREAT support.  This is why I purchased it through Amazon.Coming from Sprint and going to a GSM no contract plan, the difference in monthly phone bills will save enough money to pay for the phone in 5 months.  So why are you still subsidizing your phone on that contract carrier?

I bought this during day 1 on Google. I only manage to get the 8 GB.Pro:- Nexus device so guaranteed update from Google for at least 18 months.- Fast with 2 GB memory- Easy to root/unroot- No Bloatware (yeahhh)- Cheap for the high end specs (except the camera).Cons:- If I can turn back time, I will get the 16 GB.- No external micro SD card. Periodically you need to connect to your computer and transfer your video/pictures.- No LTE- Camera not as good as the other high end (S4 or Note 2).- You will get flat battery around 6-7 PM (depends on your usage). So make sure you have car charger/Power Bank.Even after all the cons, I am still very happy with the Nexus 4.

Best phone around. I bought three Nexus 4s already from Google play. Highly recommended.Tip - Great deal to use with t-mobile &#34;value plans&#34; or other prepaid companies like SimpleMobile or Ultra mobile.

very fast, good size good resolution excellent for what I do every day, good camera I just enjoing it a lot

EVERYTHING on this phone rocks, the screen, the speed, the RAM, the battery...Except, after less than a year of use, the cellphone is now having a malfunctioning microphone...Good thing my phone is primarily for internet use... but when I do need it, it is very stressful to have to change to speakerphone, specially on public places!

The phone does not work in Saudi Arabia Does this mean that the devices only work in America?please help me

I upgraded to the Nexus 4 from a Galaxy SII.  So far I love it.  The fact that it's made by Google and made specifically to run with the OS makes it really zippy without the glitches that most Android phones exhibit.  Multitasking is a breeze with this phone.  It probably has something to do with the fact that it has FOUR CORES.  The camera is pretty good also.  It has really cool features such as the photo sphere and panoramic pictures.  The quality of the photos isn't any different from my Galaxy SII though (both 8MP).  For the price ($350 on Google Play), this is the best phone one can purchase.

powerful, great design, cheap, all i need for work is here, i really love this phone very much, thank you

Screen stopped working in the first few weeks. I had sent it to my nephew abroad as a gift. He was very disappointed with this episode.

After a few days it got the red light of death. I browsed around and it seems pretty common. So I get very frustrated, and I've to get a new one.

Its not what I expected. screen is okay not that great my little brother has a lumia 900 and I think his screen was better and his phone is cheaper and the home and return button take part of the screen so it doesnt feel as big as it is advertised . DONT BUY THE 8GB!! that was a mistake I didnt notice it until the phone was in my hands and the are not enough.The battery is bad 2 days tops with minimal use. 2 hours if you use 3g or play an online game or any game for that matter.it doesnt come with headphones I didnt like that. I love the exterior and my favorite part of the phone is the sparkling shinny back.ITS AWESOME!!!! I dont think I will be buying a nexus phone after this one.
