
This a great product small, compact and easy to use. The only downside is the amount of use you get out of a single charge. Average time is about one (01) day. Other than that great product.

I want to say about this product, I have not yet come to hand, but a dealer has been good, quick answers regarding the questions asked, I expect to receive the product as detailed as is the provider in their specifications

My husband likes the police for their work, and the flashlight is convenient and there is variety of things , and for me it is important that my husband feel good and buy it

this phone is great, and if you considerate the price for it, you will have agreat cell phone for a low cost

I love this smartphone, it has the optimal size, not too big as the SIII and not small as others smartphones.The dual core CPU gives the correct performance and speed to this phone.I must really say that I'm impressed with the touchscreen, sensitive and smooth.I bought the International version, sold by Amazon due I read some &#34;1star&#34; comments of different buyers; like users received an used phone, with logos of AT&T; or others. This one, sold by Amazon is almost USD 40 more expensive but you'll receive what you want. A new phone, unused, without logos.The only thing I need to mention is when you turn on at first time, the Languge is in Hungarian (or something like that), I used google traductor to change it to Spanish, the one I need. So this is not a big matter, but I need to mention it.Until now, I am 100% satisfied with this phone. Hope this satisfaction last for a few years.

Delivery was ok on time, the phone was in good shape but not earphones at all. The cellphone was manipulated for some one before it had fingers prints over all the phone.

This phone only have language in chinese and english, a parent take me it to Ecuador and it was impossible to set the language in spanish because the only two options were chinese or english. We try to put a software in spanish and also was imposible. The Samsung store in Quito said me that that phone was a perfect chinese imitation of the phone, so it was not an original Samsung, So  the seller is not trust.

I love it. Great features.  Highly recommended. Friends and family have requested these gadgets.  It's widely purchased.  A must have.

Until today the phone has worked very well. It was adapted to the phone line I installed it, it is international and works perfectly. It's fast, convenient, simple and good image resolution.

love the phone truly unlocked and fast shippingalso still in the sealed box with all the partscolor is fantastic  and is really all I wanted

I originally bought a phone from a company recently entering the phone market and it quit after just a month. This phone functions faster and is by far more durable.It has been VERY reliable. I can see why Samsung is one of the top phones.

el envio llego a tiempo el producto en perfecto estado , nuevo!!!... es totalmente desbloqueado , sirve perfectamente para movistar en venezuela

Samsung did it again great product. This phone is about the same size as the iphone 5, but i like it more.

I regret to report that the phone you guys sold me is a non-original copy, its sereales not appear in the records of samsun, additionally to it is in poor condition, no work, no lights. Defective Phone.

This phone is excellent both for its speed, functionality and size do not bother, the only deficiency that I see is the battery, as many of these phones is very short.Soy de Venezuela lo uso para digitel y funciona perfectamente; muy recomendado.

This is a wonderful and lightweight alternative to its bigger cousins. I used for sometime and I could not find anything wrong. Obviously if you play racing car games or Temple Run Brave, one can notice a little slowness, it is absolutely great for normal uses of navigation, running, as a music player, as a twitter client etc.The S3 Mini comes with a 4-inch Super AMOLED WVGA resolution display (800x480 pixels). It is called mini, but few years ago this probably is a mega. While less pixel factors than the 4.8-inch Galaxy S3, the Mini has 233  ppi where S3 has 305.96 ppi, the Mini's screen resolution is still well within range for a 4-inch screen. Memory can be increased easily and in a very cheap way with a microSD card. Card slot microSD, up to 32 GB.Highly recommend. I am looking for when S4 mini comes in! Unlocked version is great as you can use in any country/vendor.

I like tha phone, its so easy to use, and working very good in venezuela i like it. And loveit

I found a nice and convenient cell phone for its size and diversity of functions, which I hope is pleasing to my wife whom I gave it.

A good phone, unblocked by factory. despite the camera being only 5MP, which would be considered a lot a few years ago, the image is quite impressive, also for the video recording and of course there is a secondary camera, that you could take facial photographs; the video codec reader can read .flv files. good bye.

I purchased this phone as a gift for my grown son so I have not played with it.  AllI know is he said it is great.

Please people this is No where close to any S3 in your wildest dreams especially after looking at the benchmarks. Marketing Always!It actually performs WORSE than the Samsung Victory and is WAY underpowered even by the S2.I always look at benchmarks first to see what your getting for your money and this one is poor.If you like it fine but don't be fooled by the name.Using Performance Benchmarks lets you see EXACTLY where these cells fit in the power and performance range. You can download the Passmark from Google Play test yourself and run several for an average but make sure all open Apps are closed and reboot once. Then about 15 to 100 people submit these Benchmarks for every phone around and the guys Average them out so they are right on. Individual tests for CPU, Disk and Memory reads & writes, with 2D & 3D Video comprise the OVERALL Passmark System Performance. Seems to be that around 2000 Passmark is the perfect match for great performance overall.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~PASSMARK SYSTEM PERFORMANCE is as follows:~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~LG Optimus V @ 537Old HTC One V @ 1100Samsung Reverb/Ring @ 1324 (identical internals)Samsung GT-I8190 (Mini S3) @ 1320Samsung Victory (SPH-L300) @ 1608Samsung Galaxy S2 (SPH-D710) @ 1788Samsung Galaxy S3 (SPH-L710) @ 2074Google LG Nexus 4 @ 2556Google LG Nexus 5 @ 3768IPhone 4S @ 1600IPhone 5 @ 3612~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~CPU RATING is as follows:~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~LG Optimus V @ 564Old HTC One V @ 1370Samsung Reverb/Ring @ 1720 (identical internals)Samsung GT-I8190 (Mini S3) @ 3133Samsung Victory @ 3948Samsung Galaxy S2 @ 4300Samsung Galaxy S3 @ 4795Google LG Nexus 4 @ 9757Google LG Nexus 5 @ 13,996IPhone 4S @ 8867IPhone 5 @ 22,693

very good phone, very easy to use, has very useful applications installed and will be installed. I love the phone, it is of an appropriate size, and technologically very good.

I researched this product and looked forward to receiving it.  I even paid a fee for fast delivery.  However, the seller, SurgeTelecom, sent the same model number but with an "L" at the end of the model number.  The "L" means the telephone is configured for Latin America and it is NOT the telephone I ordered.  I tried to use the phone in the U.S. but its speed never went over EDGE or H because the phone is not configured for the U.S.Even though the phone I received has the same model number as this phone EXCEPT FOR THE "L" AT THE END, the "L" model phone is quite different.  As I wrote, it is configured for Latin America.  The box the telephone came in showed that the phone was manufactured in Vietnam and most of the writing on the box is in Spanish.  Worse, however, is the fact that the phone with the "L" requires a mini SIM card while this model requires a standard SIM. That makes a huge difference.I will be ordering again and hopefully, a different seller will not substitute my order with a phone that is configured for a totally different geographic area.A friend has this phone (the one I ordered, but not the wrong one I received from the seller, SurgeTelecom.  The phone is great and is perfect for my needs.UPDATE -I returned the wrong phone that I received (discussed above).  I then ordered a replacement phone and, INCREDIBLY, I received another phone with the "L" after the model number and the wrong size SIM card.  This makes two separate times I received the wrong phone within one month.  Be careful when ordering.  Even though the model number you receive is correct, if the model number has an "L" after it, the phone will not work properly in the U.S.Doesn't anyone bother to check items before they are shipped?

After 5 months of purchased, the wi-fi, bluetooh and the radio began to fail. Do not upgrade system sofware. Perhaps is a hareware problem.

excellent product, you can not expect less from the manufacturer, is a product that works as described and that no failures when used, widely recommended

A new Galaxy S3 Mini phone. Didnt come with an English users manual so I had to find one of those on line. Takes a while to learn how to use all the features. I like it.

this cel looks good and hopefully comes up to expectations but the instructions came in a language I cannot read. seems to be Eastern European and the charger does not have a normal US plug. which is not what I expected....

Works like they said!!!!!  Radio and everything else you need. GREAT PHONE. Don't buy phones from anywhere else.  Great,  great buy!!!!

I love my Samsung Galaxy S3 mini.  The color is awesome and unique.  The price of this phone has dropped dramatically with the introduction of the s4.  I love Samsung products.  If you are in need of a samsung smartphone and not willing to pay the price of the newer models.  This is a great alternative.

I love these phones arrived in good time and are wonderful hundred percent recommend them, they are cute and I love the color are practical and comfortable

The publication of its description is really fake, because this says it works with 1 GB of RAM but  this cell phone that I got, has 500 MB of RAM. So it's getting slower.

This is a smaller version of the Galaxy S III I originally bought one for my wife because she did not want the giant version of the S III. Then I used it and bought one for myself. It has all the features of the S III but is a much more manageable size with only a 4&#34; screen. I would recommend this phone to anyone.

chose to give this phone I have and I love it is easy to use, neither too large nor too small perfect and you can download several applications

Is a very good phone! I liked very much because it can do almost everything you want. The problem is the battery is very poor when you used for a long time.

THIS CELL DOES NOT WORK WHITH THE 3G 900 BAND, IS A LIE, GIVE ME A REFOUD, THIS CELL DOES NOT WORK

The Price could be better...good product and seller

Beatiful and excelent...

exenlente

Arrived with Arabic as the set language. Once I figured that out and changed it to English I purchased a Verizon Sim Card and subsequently found out it won't work on Verizon, I then cancelled Verizon and set it up on Straight Talk and the Phone worked like a champ. Unfortunately the earphone jack is defective and I use that to hook up a phone to the sound system at the cabin. I am sending it back and getting the big brother.

I was pleased at first. My wife as an S3 so I figured the s3 mini would be great. the Salesman told me that they were virtually the same phone. so knowing how much my wife liked hers I decided to give it a go. I've had it for 2 days now and I have determined that the name and look are all the S3 and S3 mini have in common. it's got a slow processor, only a 5mp camera (instead of 8) a VGA front facing camera (disappointing to say the least) and it's missing features that it was advertised as having. (burst/best photos, cartoon hdr and the ability to watch videos while texting.) When compared to it's competition (the Droid mini which has a 10 mp camera and the Iphone 5c which as an 8mp camera,) the Galaxy S3 mini doesn't even stand a chance at competing. I'm going to go back to verizon and I'm going to get a moto droid mini instead.

The telephone has damaged 2 cards mike sd and constant he presents faults. Additional in ocaciones sim rejects card. It is not good

Was worth every penny. Works well and pictures come out great too. Good value for money. Samsung has done a gud job with this one.

I've bought this phone as a surprised for my girlfriend since her previous phone was stolen. It cames defective, did not catch signal consistently, as her previous S3...  we live in Costa Rica, so sending the phone back to the shipper would cost me almost $90..  So I preferred to fix it here... Bad experience. Defective phone

Everything was just as i expected, all new still in the box.  At&t had no trouble connecting to their system.

At first I was browsing for an android phone and I came across this phone. I was looking for something I can afford with my price range. I wanted a small phone and I don't really care how thin it was. So it had meant my expectation. And I cannot seem to leave it alone since I got my first android phone. :)Plus I bought a reasonable price case that protects my phone as well. :)

It was a bad experience because device didn't work apropely, got problem to charge battery. I had to sent it back.

Nice phone, works perfectly, the price we got is a great deal. I got it for my mom and later bought another for my sister, and they are very happy with it. It might not be the top performer phone, but for basic needs and good internet connectivity this is perfect.

Still learning all features. But so far love the phone. Great size to fit in jeans pocket. Yet big enough screen to see what I need to see.

Good gadget hope more improvements are in the works. Easy to use. Very user friendly. Im very satisfied with it

By its tecnoogy, it is an item easy to use, and is easy to carry on, you can access to internet quickly

Great product i really recommend it!! I bought this phone in the US and use it in El Salvador, it works perfectly. Great deal.

The team was the Awaited, only came only in English and Asian languages&#8203;&#8203;.Could Not Set to Spanish.como hacer para cambiar

This phone was not unlocked. I can't get  it to use with my network. Poor service very disappointed. Its just a waist of money

The cellphone it's very powerfull but for the price I prefer buy a motorola G, and not have a android kitkat 4.4 comes with android 4.1, is the biggest disadvantage, and honestly I do not like that the new version of android is not updated.

Samsung GT-i8190 galaxy s3 mini blue works perfect in Europe.My friend loves it.The price was right and shipment was fast

amazon is a joke, they rip you off, i bought this phone for $300 and they wont refund my money, they are not willing to work with you when you are having a problem, im done using this website along with many others i know,  i hope you all do to

I've heard a lot of back and forth reviews on this.  I love this phone.  I live in the U.S. and i have consumer cellular as my phone provider.  I bought this phone, stuck my sim card in it, and had no trouble at all setting it up.  All i had to do was go through initial set up steps like language settings (it was in English (ireland) and i changed it to english (united states)).  Connected to our WIFI and the WIFI at my work without any problems...this phone amazes me with what it can do in a phone that's not overly bulky.  My brother got one of these as well and i set it up exactly like mine without a single problem.

Everything in Low cost. Nice look. Works great.This is Samsung's Hidden Gem. I can say this is the perfect phone for low cost.

The phone is brand new and unlocked. I took my old phone and this phone to the AT&T store and the technician there moved all my data, simms chip and pictures onto the new phone. AT&T has a new policy about bringing your new phone to them. They no longer charge to activate the phone. AT&T just wants you to purchase bandwidth from them.

Excellent phone, I made a good buy I like my Samsung S3 mini shipment was very fast and responsible, I recommend it. . ..

the cellphone works excellent here in Ecuador. The only thing that I don't like, the cellphone has some  extra app, that I cannot remove even i do many times and they come back.

Good phone, no problems with it. Get the Waze app and use it every time you drive so you can report speed traps and take advantage of speed traps of other &#34;Wazers.&#34;

I received the product ordered but all information and directions were in a foreign language - not much use to me.  I returned it for that reason.

It's a good deal, excelente product. This one, the I8190 works with all 3G bands worldwide. Excellent condition and it comes with a plug adapter.

This phone is more than my thinking. I love it. It should be worth to buy this mobile unlocked phone

great phone; used it in Europe and worked well everywhere.

Awesome,  I totally recommend it.. One  of the best  cellphones in the  world, I'll stay now stay now  with Samsung..

Unfortunately i did not received a cell phone with 8 Gb internal memory, it is 4 Gb. For the rest the cell is GREAT.

Hello, All my purchases have been made successfully, thanks for everything. Good Job. I hope they continue so. By by

It's not unlocked, didn't work in the US. I got it as a gift but sadly ended up returning it.

This samsung galaxy S III was obviously from Europe because the charger's plug was round and did not fit my outlet or any US outlet. The only solution was to take the USB chord and connect it into another plug and then it could charge or to buy and adapter. Any other samsung chargers would not work. Aside from this problem, everything was great. It was unlocked as described so there were no SIM card problems. The phone was new and shinny!

Great phone that work really well.Has a very nice screen and takes amazing pictures with a lot of contrast and nice colors.The APN settings in the box for AT&T; are not correct, and couldn't contact the seller to get them right. AT&T; had no clue about that, as Samsung USA. So I had to reset to default APN settings for 3g on AT&T...; and it worked fine :)Great product I would recommend it to anyone.

Good item but i little bit small than i believe. That's work pretty fast and has a gorgeous exterior design.

This phone is everything I wanted and best of all it worked right out of the package for phone calls. I had to call Bmobile in Trinidad and Tobago to upgrade to 4G data for my data to work as my old phone was a blackberry and we have different data plans for them here. Samsung has made me an android convert :)The blue is lovely, I've only seen it in white here in Trinidad.For those who are on Digicel and complained that the data was locked, call digicel and upgrade to 4G. This is truly an Unlocked phone

Got this for my daughter..she has used it all over europe with no problem and really loves it. It may not have ALL the bells and whistles of a fancier phone but serves her purposes well.

I bought this phone for my GF August 15, 2013 it is now Febuary 11, 2014. The phone is now dead in the water. It started when the touchscreen stopped working in some places then the phone started getting weird. Samsung technician says that the humid climate is to blame, it could have been damaged during transport but who knows. Will not buy this phone again.

I bought the mini since I wanted a smaller decent unlocked cell phone for use in Peru. I recognized from the reviews that it is a model for Europe but I (mis)understood that it would function well world-wide. I was in the US when I received the phone and it worked well with an ATT sim card, but when I got to Lima, I installed Claro and Movistar sim cards, and could get no better signal than edge or 2G. I brought it to two technicians here, including Samsung, and was told by both that this model does not have an 'L&#34; that means it would be fully functional in Latin America. Obviously I'm extremely disappointed and cannot return the phone from here.

It's an excellent phone and gives a person almost everything needed in terms of communication. The picture quality is excellent, continuous automatic updates from Google Play Store made the application running as easy as it can be. The product was delivered 3 days in advance

Fine, that's what I am waiting for

This is a great phone. It has all the bang of the S3 but is a little smaller and a lot less expensive! The ONLY drawback I have found so far in the 2 mos. I have had it is that the cases and screen protectors are not available at local retail stores. But on the plus side, I got those online for a FRACTION of the price that the S3 cases are going for in retail stores! Love the phone! Would recommend it highly!

I found this S III mini as a gift for a friend. She love it her new phone. The pnhone came with all the accesories. You have to take your time for understand all the posibilities that offer this phone, but once you knoes how works the most of the aplications ( in fact you do not need a PhD, just patiente) , you can enjoy of this phone. I sperfect for persons that needs a great screen for check intenet or emails, but you have to take care of the touch screen ( the same with all the models touch). after learn how to us eyour SIII mini, the second step is buy a protective case for the phone. 100 % recommended.

Bought this phone for my 12 Year Old Daughter. The phone arrived on time and was just as described. My only issue was that it is supposed to be a new phone, however, the charger was clearly used and did not work. Otherwise the phone is great.

Very Good

This is a very user friendly phone, without too many external buttons that get bumped and knock you off calls, or whatever you are doing.  Great looking, fast....and does what it claims it will.  Nice phone, very nice phone.  Reception is much better in my area than my old phone was, by far.

I bought 2 of these... evrything was ok the first 2 days. When i connected them on my pc it says: Huaei 8900 WTF!?

Overall this is a good phone just can't find a SIM card anywhere for it ... I'm really upset it didn't come with one and I've tried looking for one but can't seem to find the right one! Can anyone hell me ?

Spectacular! Very grateful for your attention. I love the phone. It quickly reached its destination. Thanks a lot.Kind regards,Ada

Excelente producto.

It's a gift for my son, told me that exceeds your expectations. Very versatile and a unique Software. My son changed the Samsung Galaxy III that he had previously, for this new device.

actually I struggled with blackberry and I wanted something different. I decided to go with this, so far I like it and it works great.

This was for a gift so I'm no able to try myself but the person is really happy with it. I got it on time, actually before the day they told me I would get it.

I just got it and so far so good .it was just what I thought it would be. More manageable than the bigger s3

Excelente

fine

It's a great phone, but there's a problem with the battery or the charging system that I didn't have with the same S III mini that I had once

I love this phone.  I'm not a fan of big phones so this was perfect and sold at a great price.  Delivery was quick (next day)

The phone has all the droid features you would expect.  This is my 1st smart phone so it is all a little new for me so I am still in training.  The case is plastic which is not great since it came off on me once when I pulled it out of the protective holder I bought for it.  I would absolutely recommend getting a holder for it.  I also noticed the battery life is not good I drain down to close to half power every day with only a couple phone calls and 15 or 20 minutes on the net checking the news.  I would buy extra chargers for work and the car.

I choose this rating because is a excellent product, 100% recommended.I like because the phone has many functions and the camera.I recommended because is very nice

This is great..just like regular s3 phone. Cute size and professional looking. I love this phone...I bought this for my dad. He loves it..

SO FAR IT DOING WHAT I NEED. IT TOOK SOME TIME TO FIGURE OUT HOW SYNC SPLANNER WITH GOOGLE  CALENDAR. GOOGLE  SYNCED WITH EASE. THE MINI SIZE IS A CHALLENGE: CAS

Excellent!!

It reached all my expectations. Battery is enough for one day at heavy use, which is not much, but acceptable.

I had problems with my cell phone, do not charge the battery. I tested with a new battery and the problem continues. I have also tried with another charger samsung and other mark and the problem continues. I am no happy.I need to know if you can help me to solve the problem.

very nice phone for the price good investment, works great does almost everything as the regular Galaxy SIII and speed not bad either for the specs

This is the best cellphone that I have owned. It is very easy to use and perfect for me and I would recommend to anyone loocking to upgrade their cell phone.

It is a good phone came in perfect condition Colombia only thing I did not like that I do not get micro sd memory

Buy it from Venezuela. Works fine with Movistar. It is very fast and good in all its functions. The best cell. I recommend it.

ESPA&Ntilde;OL:Sin detalles, ni defectos. La memoria interna si es de 8GB, solo que la utilizable es de 4GB, el resto es utilizada por los archivos internos del telefono inteligente.La camara toma excelentes fotos. La bateria dura aproximadamente 12 horas en un dia de uso normal, sin mucha musica y videos.Respecto a mi principal preocupacion que era la se&ntilde;al, no hay ningun problema, funciona perfecto en mi pais, levanta 3G.ENGLISH:No defects, no problems.The internal memory is 8GB but only 4GB is usable, the rest is used by the internal files of the smart phone.The camera takes excellent photos. The battery lasts about 12 hours in a day of normal use without a lot of music and videos.About my main concern; the signal, there is no problem, works perfect in my country, up 3G.VENEZUELA

I originally purchased this as a spare. I started using it after my full sized Galaxy S III was misplaced. The battery life is better than the full sized S III. The only issue I have found for me is the smaller keyboard. I would buy another one if I had to.

Actually this cellphone was stolen the next day l used it, so l could not know anything about its quality, but the important thing l would like to tell you that the series number of the device is not written on its box which is not good.  The police asked me about the series number and l looked for it on the box, but it was on the device only, l wonder why!! so l lost it.

The samsung galaxy S 111 mini is exactly what it describtion say it would be, i love it. Try it

This phone runs great until it breaks. The screen is cracked and I need it for my small business. Nobody locally will touch it because of the unique way the screen is made; they have to crack the LCD to get the broken glass out and then replace both of them.Samsung USA WILL NOT fix it and keeps telling me I need to call Germany and send it there for it to be fixed.So I am stuck with a cracked screen until I can afford a new phone because there is no way I am shipping internationally and risking my phone getting lost.Either way I am out $400 and I've only had it for 4 months.

The phone displays 4.55 GB instead of 8 GB as advertised. A little disappointed with the produnt because I was purchasing with respect to the capacity.

GOOD AFTERNOON,  I'M WRATTING THIS E-MAIL  IS TO INFORM TO YOU THAT THE PURCHASE THAT I HAVE REALIZED IN THE DATE MAY 10 2013R  IN WHICH THE ABOVE MENTIONED PURCHASE WENT FOR TWO SAMSUNG GALAXY S3 MINI BLUE UNBLOCKED FACtORY WHOSE NUMBER OF ORDER IS 111-9032419-3869051 AND DIRECTION OF DELIVERY WENT GPS-AIR 6801 NW 82ND MIAMI, FLO  33166, IT JUST  ARRIVED ONLY ONE AND NEED PLEASE THAT YOU SOLVE THIS PROBLEM AS SOON AS POSSIBLE DISADVANTAGE SINCE  RECEIVED FROM ME TWO CELLULAR AND JUST I COME ONE WAIT FOR RAPID RESPONSE IN THE MATTER OR IN ITS FAULT  REMBOLSE TO ME THE DIFFERENCE SINCE THERE WAS CANCELLED THE TOTALITY OF THE PURCHASE, THANKS....

Great phone, just it freezes up alot, didnt have the time to send back for new one. Dont make otterbox case for this phone.

The phone is awesome, the performance exceed my expectations,I am glad to get this NFC version instead iPhone 5, not many shops have it available.

This is a truly unlocked international phone, the UI can be set to any language from the long list. It's sad and understandable why Samsung won't sell it in US as it is twice as cheaper than its big brother Galaxy S III. The screen is gorgeous, the phone is very fast and responsive. The size of this baby is perfect for both men and women, unless one prefers all those &#34;bricks&#34; with huge screens. I love this phone!

love love love this phone...i would recommend it to every one...easy to use...not to big....does basically everything the s3 does!!

I love my new mobile phone good product, I hope buy as soon as possible the new S4, I recomend this product

Amazing Phone. Unlocked, works great with AT&T; GoPhone.Small but efficient. Great camera.Says 8GB storage. Only less than 5GB available for apps actually.

is an excellent phone, perfect graphics, fast performance and great quality product, samsung is it leading electronic; gsm works perfectly with lines

I bought this phone for my wife and she love it. A friend of mine saw it and ask me to get one for his girlfriend

When I bought this cellphone 2 months ago the description said that it was factory unlocked. Everything works very good but the cellphone doesn't get my 3g internet. I am from Mexico and the TELCEL internet doesn't work in this phone. I am very dissapointed with this because I was expecting great things from this phone.

Pretty, nice size.  Unable to connect to a Samsung Account.  Samsung said I need to know country of origin. Seller does not "understand" the question. Without that I cannot get a verification code needed for the account. Understand you need such an account to have Samsung apps.  Seller no help.  Have sen Tried to return, but no luck after the 30 days was up.I mistakenly thought I had an Amazon buyer protection purchase.  Other than that, I also had some problems with the camera transferring photos to my computer in a Firefox photo format.Firefox is not a recognized format for any programs.  Also called other Samsung sellers.  No one has heard of that format for photos. It is known as a browser.  Had computer checked out and it is okay.  Phone may be defective.  It is the seller's option to stand behind the product, but they are choosing not to do anything.  Also asked if it is refurbished phone, no answer.  I am sure if there are no problems with the phone, I would be very happy with it. I have spent many hours attempting to overcome the issues with no success.

totally disappointed with the purchase, the cell phone is not new as stated in the publication, the shop cheated me and I received a  refurbished without its original accessories in a box is not the Samsung phone, I felt cheated. these shops should not operate on Amazon that do not conform to the policies of quality and honesty. Soon I will make my formal complaint

For a mid range phone is ok and the samsung services is a plus. I recommend it for someone that doesnt care too much for a lot of features just the standard.

the phone never came. The purchase was consolidated into one shipment, together with a cooler. The box arrived broken, just got the charger and accessories.

Can't beat the price!  I heart my phone and love everything it does.  Makes my life so much more technical.

I researched and bought it for my husband, who uses it for international calls and texting. He says it's brighter and more cheerful than his Blackberry and LG. He has used the camera, and calculator features. He's gone online a couple of times, and he's used some of the widgets. When he first got the phone, he thought the key pad was too small for his fingers. Now he's adjusted to its size, and he feels that the size of the phone is perfect, and the screen size is nice and big.

I was so hesitant in buying this phone for several weeks, as so many reviews claimed that the 3G doesn't work on their T-mobile network. Well, to my surprise it does. Maybe because I live in a big city (Atlanta), and the towers are completed, not sure.AS for the phone, I had it for a week and I like it thus far. I had a HTC before, this is my first Samsung device. I feel like the battery drains a little faster than my HTC. I had issues with wifi connecting, so I googled some of the issues and it works fine now. I really like the phone so far, just have to get used to the slightly different software. Buy it, you will not be disappointed, unless you really want to spend $600 on those high-end phones, which I don't see the need for.

i love it ..the delivery tome was perfect and the item is beautiful, i liked it alot and it works just fine for me, the perfect side and all... it is really nice!!

I gave this phone a 5 star rating becaus i love everything about it and as usual delivery through Amazon was on time.  The only problem I have is that I can only charge the phone through a computer.  the wall charger does not work and I tried it at different locations.

The phone has problems. I hardly recognize the charger or USB connections. Without being connected to the charger, sometimes appears as if it were. Disappointment.

It's quite a good phone. Was able to meet my needs but the only problem is the battery. It doesn't take me for a day when fully charged

phone is amazing.  the only drawback is that half the advertised 8GB internal memory is taken up by system files and the OS; only 4 GB is available for additional storage.  the SD card slot comes in very handy.  i am using this in the US; just swithched from 14 yrs of verizon to Sraight talk byop plan with an at&t sim card.  had it switched in 15 minutes.  my wife has been on straight talk for a few years.  i had a motorola droid x...this samsung is pretty sharp, runs faster, and has a much detter display.... great for the money.  I had a little issue with mms settings, but got if fixed with minimal fuss....the phone lets you change them easily.  it fits good in my hand. and i can put it in my shirt or pants pocket. i hate these huge tablet pones coming out now and i refuse to get a belt clip.  the sound is good coming out of the speaker and the  interface is easy to use too

I ordered for my granddaughter, but 70% of electronics in our house is Samsung brand so it was a very simple choice.

The phone is just as I expected.... Good conditions, and perfectly working.  Just put my sim card andd started workingPerfect

Its a good cellphone for 200 dollars, it works perfectly as unlocked!. In all gsm carriers. I dont like the blue it looks cheap but.. its ok.

i don't really like this phone because it gets stopped many times and the internet is not working, it is supposed that it is unlocked but internet works just on E not on 3g or H so the internet sucks. Besides, the internet signal just disappear whenever it wants sometimes i dont receive messages because the phone doesnt have internet and i have to restart it all the time

First off, thumbs up for the seller, very accurate!  Now, this device is truly amazing!  Completely new and unlocked, and the UI is incredible.  Running on JB, users might not need any customization, however, I did install Next Launcher 3D just to check the smoothness and all I can say is...WOW! Pebble blue color is pretty much the same as its bigger brother, S3.  The wifi is great and fast, network reception is too awesome, camera, I must say pretty impressive.  Now for gaming, this device with dual core can take some pretty heavy graphics.  I installed Shadowgun deadzone and this device delivered!  People crying about this device being laggy, totally not true, and the battery is decent, but I am always using it, either with games, music, or the camera/video. The battery will last you about 2 days with normal use. Durability is great! Already dropped it a couple of times, of course with the Dual Armor Case equipped, and not a single scratch.  TRUST me when I say that this device is worth buying, you'll come to find that for a mid-range phone, the little brother of the S3 can INDEED deliver heavy kicks!! Recommendations thrown out to everyone!!

Excellent smartphoneOptimal sizeVery smoothGood serviceit with me to the gym to listen to my music or radio when I work out.

I am totally satisfied with the S3 mini. However, the manual that came with it is in every language but ENGLISH....I despise going on-line and downloading a pdf. If you never used this phone or do not have a computer, you are left out in the dark. Samsung can afford to send an in-depth manual...I highly recommend the phone, but the tightwads at Samsung need to get it together..... 5 star for the phone, 3 star for customer consideration...

The product is OK. There is a complaint, the user manual is in French, I would prefer in english. but is OK I can read the manual in internet.

This phone is one of my best friends. :-)  It is small enough to fit in my purse while large enough for me to see the screen and use my fingers to text. It is fast and has enough memory for me to get all of my texting, photos and work apps on it.  I plan to keep this phone for a very long time.

I love the Samsung.  It's easy to set up and learn how to use.  However, the kit came with a European plug on it, and the phone initially was in German!  Fortunately I figured out how to change the language to English, but I did have to buy another plug in charger.

before I buy my queries amazon page. my question was to buy it and that is not compatible for my sim card in Ecuador. I was told that there was no problem. the team was unlocked. but the phone was not compatible cell company and had to switch to another company if the phone was compatible. I had to lose an unlimited plan megs by the change.

I think its an OK phone.Pros:Compact yet has all the powers of an android phone.Front and back cameras.Fits in your pocket (pricewise as well)Cons:The touch screen wasn't very responsive on many occasions. I am not sure if I need to change some of the phone settings to increase the sensitivity.The phone occasionally gets a bit slo oo oow when playing something simple like Candy Crush.. but it doesn't stay like it always.. it may be some background processing that slows it down.. like I said.. 'occasionally'Camera quality is average.

Phone works great,i bought it as a secondary phone for my international travel.Thank you SamsungGood unlocked Galaxy S3 phone

Love this phone, all the features of Samsung Galaxy SIII without its size. I ordered the unlocked version and have no problems travelling internationally .. i just replace sims in the different countries and I am good to go.

Phone is great same features as bigger model but smaller fits in your pocket well great buy. Would recommend if you want a phone without that big screen.

This was a great product, great phone, great price and quick shipping.  This was the best price on a new, unlocked G3 mini after a lot of on-line shopping.I would recommend this seller to anyone looking for a new, unlocked phone!

excellent phone without new samsung galaxy s gt 3 mini i8 190 works on 3g with digitel doing nice navigation

I liked the price it was reasonable. I have vision problems so it was hard to use bc the screen was small, other than that I liked the phone. Ended up getting another phone that I am able to see without frustration or eye strain.CC...

Very good product, i bougth it for my son and he is very happy and grateful. I have another samsung of my own, but this one is definetely better in all aspects.

I was a loyal Nokia user for many, many years. But after some bad Nokia experiences lately, finally took a friend's advice and tried a Samsung, with much hesitation. And I'm loving it. Everything is super-easy, from installing another input language to figuring out the interface. The phone does need an option to turn off the start-up sound -- had to download an app for that, which doesn't seem like the best solution. But it works.

Works great, I just put my sim card in, change it to English and it worked. The only problem I had was with the adapter for the wall plug didn't work.

It's a good phone, not too big and lightweight, camera is great, could be faster, my only complaint is coverage, the phone loses network all the time, I've had to reset it many times just to get service again, if you turn on airplane mode, come out of a tunnel etc. you will have to reset it.

Excelente producto y excelente servicio... El equipo cubre mis espectativas y luce de muy buena calidad.El tiempo de entrega fue mejor del esperado.

Love it thanks.

I am really disappointed with this cell phone. The box was already open, and battery life is only 8 hours (with cell phone idle).Crappy sellers.

This cell phone cannot receive 3G in New York City. it only gets &#34;edge&#34; (2G) which cannot do internet here.It was made in Europe. It was advertised as 3G capable.Samsung USA told me they don't support or offer tech advice for Samsungs made in Europe. Samsung USA said the only way to know if their cell phone will work here is to buy it in a store.I wasted a month researching and finding out the above.3rd party seller Wireless Everything didn't want to communicate till I got full refund. Then they were worried about my rating of them.I liked the phone, but it was only good calls and tex. No internet !

good phone for basic everyday use

porducto not brought me the original battery, I brought the headphones, I brought hand, I coloraron car charger that ever worked for this phone, the phone did not come in original packaging bad sale.

I bought this product after I owned a Blackberry smartphone for many years and I am very please.Beside I got a Sansumg tablet the aplications are the same,so it was not difficult to use this smartphone.

The first phone that they send us had troubles with the screen (some weird stripes appeared from time to time), and the Internet connection was also slower (never able to get the 3G). We noticed all this two days after it arrived, so it was still on warranty.Therefore, we completed a form in the web page (rma.blisswireless.com) that they send with the phone. We indicated that we were having technical problems, and that we wanted a replacement. Next day we received an email asking for the order number and the day afterwards another one saying that a new phone was just sent. No more questions needed.We received the replacement in 4 bussines days. This new phone works perfectly, no technical issues whatsoever and gets really fast Internet. It is completely unlocked and new, it even comes in the original box.We sent them back the first phone in a prepaid USPS, so the whole replacement had no costs for us at all. I was really impressed how easy it was to replace it.The phone is really cool, and the costumer service is really good.

I live in the Bahamas and cell works great. Love the technology and easy usage of the device would recommend

Greetings, happy with purchase, seller is responsible. I deliver the product on the dates indicated. The product is brand new. Only one complaint, the seller stated in the description that the cell has open the HSDPA GSM 900 and 900 and not true, the product box indicates that only works with 850/1900/2100 bands, in this case to Venezuela with Movistar and Movilnet. They must be aware of the cel Versioned they buy, in my case I8190L. Thank you.

excellent product, very useful I recommend it 100%. works very well both as 3g 2g.just as the resolution of the camera is very good

I like this item.  I received it quickly and impressed by how fast it came.  I was looking forward to it and it didn't fail me in any way.  I will definitely use this company again and recommend it.

Recently received the equipment and must say it is in perfect condition, is fully released and operating at 100%, but I must say that the main reason why I decided for this phone, it's because I use the SGS3 and buy this equipment my wife relying on the description you gave the seller which specified that the team had NFC chip. and with so many files on my computer to share with family because this chip is an advantage. The phone I received does NOT have this feature even when the seller says so. So I rate of false advertising. The version that will receive NO has NFC chip.Recientemente recib&iacute; el equipo y debo decir que est&aacute; en perfectas condiciones, est&aacute; totalmente liberado y operativo al 100%, pero debo decir que la principal raz&oacute;n por la cual me decid&iacute; por este equipo, es por que yo utilizo el SGS3 y compre este equipo para mi esposa confiando en la descripci&oacute;n que daba el vendedor donde especificaba que el equipo contaba con chip NFC. y con tantos archivos en mi equipo para compartir con la familia pues este chip representa una ventaja. El Tel&eacute;fono que recib&iacute; NO posee esta caracter&iacute;stica aun y cuando el vendedor lo dice que s&iacute;. Por ello lo califico de publicidad enga&ntilde;osa. La versi&oacute;n que van a recibir NO tiene chip NFC.

these phones gives you the same bang as its bigger predecessor just smaller with a less MP on the camera is you are not in to big phones this would do the trick

The mobile is nice, tiny, pretty high quality, reasonable price. I would definitely recommend it to everyone who doesn't want to overpay.

Tel&eacute;fono muy bueno y &uacute;til, buena c&aacute;mara.

Excelente!!

My wife bought this b/c she wanted something smaller than the Galaxy s4 that I have.  It is basically the same phone without a couple of the bells and whistles.  The camera, however, is significantly lower quality than the camera on the regular s4.  This was a huge disappointment since the camera was a primary reason that we bought another smartphone in order to take pictures of our newborn daughter.

I received this phone in exchange of a GT-i8190L bought two months ago (which had a damaged screen)Unfortunately the replacement phone was a GT-i8190N (rather than L) and therefore it does not have the 850MHZ 3G frecuency which renders it useless in my country

Combines the technology and easy to carry due to its size. It's a great phone and works very well in Brazil.

I am graduation from a mytouch 4g.  I was worried about some of the descriptions describing 3g speed, but have not noticed it being any slower than the mytouch &#34;4g&#34;  on internet related things.The only con is S-voice.  It's a barely ok voice dialing system.  It's based on google search, and gives you the same useless prompts.  If you aren't looking at the phone, you won't know whether you're supposed to be waiting, talking or trying again.I finally disabled S-voice and am now using Utter.  Although it's not perfect as of this writing, it's way better than S-Voice.  Genius on the mytouch 4g was a vastly superior voice dialer to both products.Unfortunately, the mytouch appears abandoned at Android 2.2  All the cool stuff come in at Android 4.1 so I had to upgrade.Other than S-Voice, the Samsung S3 mini is a wonderful phone with an excellent battery life and many capabilities.  I also like it's form factor.  It's small enough that people won't mistake it for a small chopping board or serving tray.Also note that Android 4.1 and above doesn't support flash, so there are many websites and videos that aren't accessible without going through major trouble.  (side load flash, download firefox and enable.)  Can't blame that on Samsung though.Samsung's proprietary software is a bit tiresome and intrusive, but it's easily disabled in settings.

Excellent product love the cellphone great job you guys do the best for my experience with this samsung many thanks

It does everything i wanted and more. But the memory available it's just 4gb. The rest is used by the system.

I am so confused why this phone is not more popular. I had a normal Samsung SIII which I promptly lost due to its ginormous size (can't fit in any damn pockets). This little guy fits so nice in my tiny lady pockets and honestly I can barely notice a difference in processing prowess. Don't forget it takes a full size sim card unlike the SIII normal.

Actually! That was a bad choice, because I bought 3 smartphone and they don't seem genuine samsung, the battery don't show &#34;Samsung&#34;, when I used one its call sound is very bad in fact I can't listen anything. They seem like refurbished. I bought another one on December and this one included its hands free.

it is a good cellphone but need more internal space. but it is small and practical to use it any time.

phone that has it all good compatibility with large programs on your processor speed, then buy you the fourth =)

It has been 2 weeks since I bought this smartphone. At this time, I'm enjoying big time the perfect size of this phone (S3 and S4 are just too big for me), it is not heavy, good speed, very elegant design and a lot of apps to enjoy.First time, when I turned it on, the language was set in French (there was a note from the seller inside the box giving instructions about how to change the language from French to the one you need). It was pretty easy to change the language and a big list of languages, including English and Spanish.Also, there was a note in the box saying that &#34;this phone DOES NOT work with SPRINT or VERIZON&#34;. On the other hand, I'm from Venezuela and it works fine with MOVISTAR. The signal shows &#34;H&#34; which I think is better than 3G (I'm not too good with this terms). My phone does not have any AT&T; or other logos, just the Samsung Logo like it should be.The first 3 days, I was worried because sometimes it shutted down by itself (it started shutting down once or twice a day until at least 5 times a day at the end). Then, I searched on the web about this issue and turns out that I was not the only one. In some cases, people said that the phone shutted down and never start again... they called it &#34;sudden death&#34; and said that Samsung was already aware and working on this issue... AT THAT TIME I WAS SCARED!! I found an app that tells you if your phone is between  those related to the sudden death issue but thank God i was not in the list.Trying to fix this issue, I found out some people saying that they fixed it using the factory data reset and updating to the latest official Android Version 4.1.2. With this info and knowing that may be some of the apps I downloaded could also be the reason of the failure, I decided to make the factory data reset. Even I wrote to the seller asking for help and he quickly answered me suggesting exactly the same solution.At this time, the phone is not shutting down by itself anymore (not even once!) and I'm very happy with my new smartphone.I'm not rating with 5 star because battery does not last one day (and I don't use it the entire day). I may suggest you to buy the car charger, the quick start guide is in French and also camera should be improved ( I don't like when pictures look blur even when you are doing an effort to avoid any movement).

I was told it would work with Sprint, and it doesn't. Sprint doesn't &#34;recognize the codes&#34;, so I spent $240 for no reason.

Works as one would expect.  Fast, responsive, and overall good value.  International version only allows for 3G/Hsdpa, so that took some getting used to.  I was also mildly let down by the lack of tap-to-send function, which is only on certain models of the Galaxy.

IT'S ALL YOU GUYS HAVE TO KNOW, WITH ANY OPERATOR (DIGITEL, MOVILNET, MOVISTAR)ESTO TODO LO QUE NECESITAN SABER, CON CUALQUIER OPERADORA.

I am loving my new s3 mini after upgrading from a blackberry. Did not realize I would love it so much. Was pleased with the service from this company also after I had an invoice issue.

The programs are in languages other than english. As a matter of fact I am returning the item and all accessories bought along with it.

This phone is worth considering if you like the Samsung Galaxy SIII but not the size. This phone is very smooth and full featured. I won't repeat the specs as they are all over the place. I will say, the build quality is solid. Battery life is a daily charger, but it makes it through on normal use. Heavy users might need a little charge time in the middle of the day. The Touchwiz interface has improved so much since the days of the original Galaxy S phones. This phone is about the same size ans shape as the Captivate but the performance is way beyond the Captivate ever way (without upgrading the ROM from stock). JellyBean makes this phone a perfect daily driver for those who want the power but not the size. It is a great compromise in my opinion. Make sure you check the hardware spec as this phone does not have all of the same sensors as the full sized SIII. For me, the sensors it had were more than enough. Others might disagree if they need NFC.

Good evening, I need to buy two Samsung S3 Mini Unlocked but I also need the cell reaches its destination before Sunday.There are chances of it being so?

the charger i received with this phone didnt work...so i would suggest you buy a separate charger one time because of this...other than that the phone is ok

I really liked this phone. Fast, powerful and despite not being very fond of huge phones...with time...you get used to it. And it's a mini, it's not as big as an S3 or S4.Responds fast and the battery last a full day. This will depend on how much you use it, if you navigate, listen to music, call or text.I mustly text, tweet and send and receive pictures, and by the end of the day the battery is at around 10%.If you can charge it at the office, then even better. But that's common with todays phones.This model came with NFC and S-Beam

this phone are my dream true excelent image very fun for play message picture videos music and more i recomended this product for everyone

Truly unlocked and so far have tried a SIM from ATT and one other generic in NY, USA.  Also worked in the Philippines and I will test this winter in Thailand.  No issues starting up, inserting new SIM was easy and had incredibly awesome reception (ironically better than in the states).  I traveled with an old unlocked T-Mobile GSM phone for over 15 years but now with smartphones and SIM cards having included data plans I made the jump to a smart phone for traveling.  I'm truly satisfied with this purchase and highly recommended this model phone.  Minor differences with the standard Samsung iii but I don't mind (tap phones to transmit data isn't on this model etc...).  The price is unbeatable as I attempted to purchase this one week prior on a trip to France and it was literally double the amount!  Battery life excellent and size is a lot more comfortable to hold/carry than my standard S3.  I personally prefer the size of the mini over the new trend of brick size phones. One note: this is a GSM phone which will not work on CDMA systems so you will not be able to use this with Verizon, Sprint, Metro PCS and some others ONLY GSM.  Hopefully this review helps.

After 3 months using this mobile, I had to replace the battery twice. At the end, the mobile came with factory details into the internal power source and I couldn't solve it

I was really impressed by the delivery time. I got it in 3 business day. Brand new with all the equipment. It use the regular sim card compare to the full size S III which use the micro sim. Accept right away my sim(Factory Unlocked). I 'am delightful because it does  pretty much every thing that the big brother does........Will definitely recommend it to anyone.

I bought this phone for my mom. She lives in Venezuela and has worked perfectly with Movistar, and if it works with Movistar then for sure it works with Movilnet since they both manage the same band frecuency for their 3G networks. I completely recommend this phone. Although my mom has had some troubles getting used to it (she used to have a blackberry bold 2), but it's just lack of experience with it.

I feel cheated.Since I received the phone note that the flash of the camera was low, never worked properly, four months just stopped working, the imei code was deleted, and started presenting software failures, now dead. I was promised an original samsung computer but apparently is a copy at the same cost of an original. I need an answer about the warranty.

The product came with details, I think it is unfair of you to sell and/or send products in poor condition, send them to review the product in the offices of Samsung Venezuela and indicated to me that the internal card had come with a crack,In the final analysis do not recommend this seller,in my opinion is not reliable.

Excelent !  My kid is happy with it And has no complains about it i recomend this &iacute;tem  to everyone

It is very good. and easy to use. Contains apalicaciones good and excellent space for storage. Ofrece una buena experiencia.

The phone is responsive, quick to load an app, looks great, and performs great.  My only complaint, too many buttons that can turn off the phone - I've accidentally turned off.

I bought two phones and one of them came the bad battery. Caught once and then not served. So bad

This samsung s3 mini is top quality, i ordered this to miami then was send to my country venezuela, the phone came without any problems or scratches, If you need a good smartphone then this s3 mini gt-i8190 is the best solution.

Best phone I have ever owned so far! Useful in every way. Not too hard to handle and easy on the hands. Reception excellent.

It is a great smartphone. I am very glad with the purchase!!!.Small but very practical. You have everything in the palm of your hand.

I purchased this phone in the UK as a replacement and brought it back to Australia. I live half an hour outside Canberra and cannot get any reception in rural areas.  Otherwise, this phone has many positive points but do not buy it is you live anywhere with poor reception.Phone does have a good camera.

Quality price ratio, this is a great deal. I bought it for a friend of mine, and he really liked it.

excelente

I choose this phone cause i like it, is easy to handle and i give to someone this phone as a gift and He loves it

I like it. It was delivered at time. My samsung  S3 mini is perfect. It is Cool, Good and Practical. I recommended it

I like it very much. It works great. Still trying to understand why I have to restart every day for the date to change, but I'm sure there must be some software update that will fix it. I'll find it. Thank you.

This phone came unlocked as I hope and all and all I am very please ^_^I am using this phone with net10 working off of the ATT network. $54 unlimited monthly plan...good bye Verizon better than paying $90!! OH and yes I have 3G/4G speeds coverage is excellent very very satisfied.

Works perfectlyThe size is great for people who don't want to have a large phone walking around withAll the same features as the Samsung s 3 large.Definitely worth it

Great phone

Its functions fulfill a wide range of supporting resources, like having on hands google maps, calendar of local events, on every city, GPS, local time, make it extremely usefull when I travel around.

I bought this for my son, and he loves it! He kept telling me that I should get one for myself, and I'm really considering it.

Came quickly.  Factory fresh. Language change instructions included. Recognized H2o Sim immediately.  Transfer of apps on nexus7 easy...what more can you ask?

GOOD PHONE , IT WAS A GIFT TO SOMEBODY , HE LOVED IT NO COMPLAINT THE PHONE CAME WELL PRESENTED , I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS PHONE TO ANYBODY WHO IS LOOKING FOR AN AFFORDABLE ONE

Im iffy about this the first one I ordered kind of aucked the home button didnt work I couldnt go home or remove opened apps or take screenshots.i told the company and they replaced it right away my new one works wonderfully I love it .. the battery life could use a few tweaks but hey nothings perfect . All in all I love my phone.

I love this phone. I miss being able to put what I want on the.SD card, but I will get around that issue. It is fast and I love the size. It is big enough to not strain my eyes  but easy to hold.It is true that an english manual in NOT included. I dont have a PC due to a house  fire, but I am going to use the computer in the office that are for apartment resident's use and print it. In many communities the library  has a computer and printer.I have had no problems thus far and I have owned it for a couple of months now.

I returned this phone. It's not designed for the US market, in my opinion. Also, expect that the internal memory/storage will be almost 50% less.

This phone fits very well on the palm of your hand. It runs so fast that you may think it is a quad core phone. Battery is good not great. You do not need a micro-SIM for this phone. The camera could be better but it takes good pictures considering it is a budget phone. If you want to purchase an unlocked phone that will not break your bank, this is a great choice.

Product description listed the phone as &#34;8GB Internal memory; 1 GB RAM&#34; but when you go into settings and look at Total Space, total memory was 4.5GB instead of 9GB.

An excellent device. Right size and very powerful. Much better than the IPhone 4S

Friends were unaware this phone existed.  Perfectly sized for my needs - fits into pouch when running.  Bright screen, great battery life.  Nice product.

Well, I have just finished an online chat with a Samsung agent, and find that the phone I bought was not intended for sale in the USA, is an International model and was intended for sale in the UK, although the dealer I purchased it from was located in Lexington, KY.  The phone will not connect with my WiFi, and upon researching I found than the Samsung Galaxy has this problem as to WiFi connection and there are many people out there looking for a fix. I will be contacting  Samsung UK support tomorrow to see if they can help with my problem. If not I shall return this phone. My phone plan does not allow data usage therefore WiFi is my only out whereas date usage is concerned.  Alas one of the reasons I wanted a smart phone, was the extended benefits allowed. I still want a smart phone just not so sure I still want a Samsung Galaxy.  Any suggestions.

This phone is just as good as the original S3, just smaller.  I bought one for my daughter because I was so impressed with the quality and speed of the phone.  I have had no issues with either one.  I've had mine for about 8 months now and performs like a champ.

As a venezuelan user, i'm really happy with this purchase cause its almost imposible to find a smartphone like this in my country whitout paying an enormous amount of money.

Two weeks. Loving it. Charge everyday but perhaps because I always punching its buttons for music or something else. Nice toy. Just get a case.

This is a discount version of a samsung galaxy, lower functions for no good reason, but a really good value for the price.

I bought this cellphone and is grate, i have been with it almost a year and is perfect no problemas so far

I like it, it was a good ship, I don't now what can I say, it was good, it's a good phone

The first year, it was great, sometimes get slow to respond but nothing serious... But after a year exactly, this samsung start to reset automatically every minute with no reason... I was looking in youtube some directions and many of these models presents the same problem. The fact is that my phone in particular can not be recovered by factory because the system is protected and it can`t be done, and... The Samsung stores are useless and you only get excuses and more excuses... Don`t waste your money and buy something else!!!!

This is my first personal smart phone and so far I love it!  I have a business smart phone but it is not an Android.  I love this phone because it is so easy to use!  It also works with the previous car adapter and wall adapter I had with my previous Samsung phone which is great!  No issues so far!  I am very impressed with this phone so far!  I also like that it is very lightweight and can be put into a pocket or purse with no issues!

PERFECTO ,  L O  R E C O M I E N D O E L 1 0 0 %
