
The Samsung GT-S7562L Galaxy S Duos-BK is very good, it has nothing to envy to any other Android Smartphone ... Serves completely for any operator, is unlocked, as stated in the description ... buy it for my father and conforms to the product ... thank you very much... sorry for my english

I regret having bought through that provider; He has deceived me with a Chinese phone ... after claiming they sent a message about how to change the language of the device, but the real problem is that I received a cheap copy of China for the price of a Samsung phone original. not recommend

in love with my phone, it works perfectly, no complaints, thank you very much, everything I expected .. successes..kiss.venezuela, saludos

It looks fairly good and has all important functionality apps. The ability to work with two SIM cards was important for me and the performance reached the expectations.

Low price, excellent phone. It exceeded my expectations. It have installed the latest operating system Android. Very good internet connection

excellent,

very disappointed ..runs really slow

The galaxy smartphones are always a great purchase and it's just the right size to anywhere. I really love it.

I HAD THE SAMSUNG GALAXY Y DUOS S6102 (THAT I BOUGHT IN AMAZON) AND IT WORKED PERFECT FOR 3G INTERNET IN MY COUNTRY, COLOMBIA. I WANT TO HAVE A MORE POWERFULL CELL AND I BOUGHT THIS GT-S7562-BK BUT I RECIVED A GT-ST7562 (WITHOUT THE BK) AND IT DOES NOT WORK IN 3G INTERNET. ONLY IN EDGE CONNECTION..I WANT TO REPLACE IT.

Good price, good phone, you should have it!.Better than many smartphones, and the price is amazing, I am happy.

The product is good, If you need to use 2 Chip.Although, the processor is not so fast.Take your choose.

It is extremely rare for me to type a negative review, but...I've had this phone for a month or so now, and I've had nothing but trouble right from the start. I cannot use my contacts, or text conversations, to text someone; I have to type the full phone number every time. I love to text so this is a pain! The screen freezes quite a bit and I either have to wait it out or turn it off then on again. Just in the last week it's started to drop calls. Most concerning is the fact that the screen appears to be separating from the back of the phone; perhaps when I go to get the phone fixed (!!!) some of the problems will start to resolve themselves. My only complaint with the Samsung phone I owned prior to this one was that occasionally the screen would freeze, but I liked the phone and hoped that this one would be even better. I do believe this will be the last Samsung phone I purchase.

It's a great phone and an incredible convenience for the functionality to be using two SIM CARD in one unit. It is a very fast phone and surf the internet with great speed as both the Wi Fi in the Data Package.

I am delighted with this phone, is very fast, lightweight, easy to handle. And best of all is that I have my two active lines in one phone.

Excellent, fast and safe, arrived in perfect condition and it was said in the release. With all accessories. I thought inluir&iacute;a a CD and a manual fullest. But the phone is fantastic.

This phone was all that i though it would be for a dual sim phone. I can use my two sim cards from different providers without much problems, but it is still not a 4g phone so it is rather slow when compared to the s3 etc. I also cannot have too many apps running as it will slow down the phone even more.

I guess I haven't used it, I'm deployed and don't plan to use it until I return back to Italy.

Good for the $$$$.  Two sim cards are a big plus.  Would recommend for a budget-sensible person.Does just as much as a $600. fone;  for me!!

This is a very neat phone. Works well but the charger that came with it does not work. Its the biggest disappointment for me since I cant find a charger to fit it.  I love the phone and recomended it but hope I could get a charger one day.

I love the phone came without any inconvenience. It was just what I wanted. 3g works with Movistar, very fast connection to the internet.

The phone works fine with dual chips, but it is very slow to open the apps (even though I still haven't downloaded many apps) or any other function.

was expected as I have friends who recommended it to me and is my first phone with android technology and basically buy it have dual sim Card

this is one of the best products of samsung with regard to the dual series sim, the only thing that it might overcome this phone is that samsung had s3 in dual sim.

I love this is dual SIM. It makes life so much simpler. It has everything you could want on a phone. The screen image is sharp. The apps run fast. The camera takes great pictures. And it's unlocked.

This is a great phone with nice screen and internet features however, i was scammed because it was not unlocked and all the sites that unlock are pay sites.

This phone is quite good but after continued use it will start to sound distorted. overall good buy,not great buy.

Its truly classy for the price, convenient two sim, and the camera is great.. led flash enhances photos. I have already recommended several

The cellphone not filled my expectations, because it don't work in 3G here in Venezuela with Movistar. It only work in 2G

I love it, it is small usefull, and both sims work perfectly.  Very nice.  I think is the best bought I could do.

I purchased this product as gift to my uncle in India. Where he is using two cellphones before. But now one one. Great bandwidth catch for both sim cards. Touch screen is not so accurate, some time it has to be clicked twice. But as compared to low range its class phone its great product.

will not connect to data on my at&t network, very disappointing, no warranty so I guess I am out of luck.

Bought this phone for my dad and he seems to love it very much. Even though its off the market he doesn't seem to mind, its a really nice phone.

Product looks like ok, still testing it, the problem is that I received an open box and someone changed the original charger by a generic usb adapter, no brand, no descriptions/labels, now I don't know if I can use it in a 220V outlet!!Not fair with your customers!!

The phone is great according to my wife who is using it. Moreover she is in Africa and we communicate properly but most importantly she is happy with it.

Sorry but this review is not going to be a pleasant one, I wanted to buy just two phones, but by mistake I end up ordering four of them, I said well we're four in our family why don't I keep the other two, it took me time to activate it, because I didn't have time, when I finally did it,they said that the phone was locked, I had to go to a Samsun store to unlocked it, they finally did it, but after I activated it, the phone starts freezing, to the point that my son is no longer using it and had to buy another one, and the problem is that I got two more that I don't know what to do with them because the other cell phone does the same thing.I'm so mad and unhappy

I have a ATT and China Mobile SIM card installed. I can make calls and send SMS on both networks without having to carry 2 phones which is great. The phone works well in China but in the US I can not access the internet using the AT&T network even though I have a 5 GB monthly data plan. The AT&T people could not fix it, maybe I need to change carriers to Verizon. I would have prefered a higher end Galaxy phone but none of them I am aware of offer the convience of 2 SIM cards for frequent international travelers who don't want to carry 2 phones.

hello the phone I get Unlocked banded so I had to unlock it, I had understood that it could be used in any country seamlessly at least in Venezuela failed

I like it because it has all the regular good aspects of a Samsung high rating cellphones (S3 mini, S3...). I liked the price.This was a gift for my dad, who has 2 cellphones lines. I like the camera.The thing that I don't like, It's not too fast, and sometimes it's very slow with few apps.For regular costumers that only want a simple dual SIM cellphone with a good camera. This is the cellphone for you!

One of the best dual SIM smart phone.I strongly recommend this Dual SIM Smartphone to people that requires two SIM in just one plhone.

The device is nice, beautiful and it works as it is.I still didn't get in touch with Samsung for a single question about this device. When using the headset the ring does not sound on the earphones but on device.All other devices I had I used the earphones to avoid noise on device, and this one works completely different.. Configuration? Error of the device? No idea!! But this is not cool!!

The phone is good, with all I need, but the processor is too slow for a phone like this. On the other hand, this is the best dual sim I have seen so far.

I was using an galaxy Y young dual chip. Comparing booth, this new one it much more better. new android, more internal memory. very fast.

I love the phone and it works perfectly, it does everything expected of it and much more. I especially love the way the two sims works.Anyway for now there is nothing about the phone i don't like.

Looking for a cell phone with good cost x benefits? So you should take this one.Otherwise, if you need a fast processor and hd images, or if you need storage space or gameplay, this one doesn't fit very well.

I wanted to love this phone, I really did. It was my long overdue departure from the flip phone & I was excited to enter the era of the smartphone. My excitement was short lived, since this phone turned out to be a real turd. After about 2 weeks of use it developed some sort of interference that you can hear when making calls. I was disappointed, but I could overlook this. Next I noticed that if you put this phone in your pocket it would shut itself off. I think what happens is that while in a pocket, both the front & side buttons get pressed simultaneously, which turns the phone off (like a forced shutdown on a PC). This is pretty inconvenient, I mean WTF, a phone that you can't put in your pocket? Still, I decided to keep on with this phone. Then, for some mysterious reason this phone deleted all of my contacts. Maybe it happened during one of the times it was shutting itself off in my pocket, I have no idea, the contacts were just gone. Argh! So, after owning this phone for 3 months, I am looking to replace it.

Excellent purchase. The cellphone came completly new with its manual, charger, earphone, usb cable. I am very happy with it. And was shipped in time.

I choose this phone because of the dual sim system it is easier to move around with one phone and the job I do suits my purpose

very beautifull  mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm m mmmm mmmmmm mmmmm mmmmmmmmmmm mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm mmmmmmmmm mmmmmmmmmmmmmm mmmmmm mmmmmm mmmmmmmmm mmmmmmmm mmm mm mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm

very annoying! the phone does not work itself off ... and no repair. The worst thing is that I live in Venezuela and not return for as a change of equipment. I do not really rate this product was ... failure pesimo having is that when going to sleep mode turns off completely ... try changing the battery and nothing, take you to specialist workshop and inform me that the phone presents a logical flaw in your motherboard and does not have any repair. I do not recommend this product I was deceived.

Excellent cell phone for the price but the battery could be better. Android 4 is a good OS and can do all that you need.

Wonderful phone with excellent features. Only thing is that it comes with a manual in chinese. Frustrated at first but then I got around it after I found it in english on line. Should have come with a spanish and english maual too. Otherwise than that it's a great phone. Delivery was speedy, one day I opt for. Thanks guys.

Must say m impressed with this phone as its upto my expectation and l2d2 did it very well with shipping right on time and utmost care..Would surely recommend the store to friends ;)love u both l2d2 and amazon! propz

This phone is slow and only good on 3G. Great gift if only making phone calls. Delivered ontime and accepted T-Mobile right out off the box.

I've had the phone for a month now and so far no problems. I like the set up and it works great with both chips. Battery life can be optimized a bit but overall very nice phone.

muy bien

I ordered this phone on March 30th and it was delivered on April 4th. The first issue I had was that it came with a European power cord which they couldn't replace.  I was given a small refund; however, this was just the first of many issues to arise.  The Internet was extremely slow and would only connect to wireless--not my data plan.  Apps would freeze the entire phone or simply shut it down.  Delta Mobile was not every helpful telling me that perhaps I should search on the Internet to see if anyone could help me.  Today, May 29th, the phone will not even turn on.  Delta Mobile again reminded me that &#34;Unfortunately there's not much we can do.&#34;  I now have a very expensive paper-weight to remind me to only shop with known companies.I have given this product one star because even through Samsung has a reputation for quality phones, this is not one of them.  It is shoddy and cheap.  I'm giving Delta Mobile the same rating for their lack of customer service after the sale, and their sub-par technical support recommending that I Google it to see what can be done.

horrible experience grabs the phone no signal in any of the 2 lines sim card and the phone is also not original Chinese I feel cheated by the seller not recommended at all.

I can not even use it. The main problem with this stuff is that the manual or instructive that was included is in Czech or in other Slavic language; so I can not use it properly. Do anyone has a link where to find a instructive for this Galaxy Duos?. Please let me know: julio.mora@iica.int. Thank you

The phone has lots of features and light to carry.  The price is also good.

so far I have not had problems with the phone. worked perfectly with both sim card pudiendome communicate without any kind of problems

You just do not understand or do not want to. You never sent TWO (2) TELEPHONE sent only ONE (1) PHONE. No invent more, or want to justify what they are doing. They stole the money and those were you. I got a claim against Amazon.com FGS Trading - Amazon Marketplace and I'm waiting for responses from them. And I'll keep doing it because you stole 179.99 dollars and will not understand. Revised where inside because someone within your company is making them look bad with customers. Unfortunately this time it was me, who knows all those who have scammed you, it's a shame because they never come back to do business with you and every day I put on Amazon unfavorable evaluations against so they can not cheat more people, to amazon.com better contract closes them so strongly, as they say in my country you are about thieves mussels.Thank you.Joaly Ms. Pineda

The cell phone came really quick and the quality of it was great (new) as promissed.. nice cell phone with dual chip.

I got the headphones,and no response was given.it should not be because I paid fullsi quiere comuniquence con migo

I got really excited when I get this phone, it looked cool and sleek... BUT, guess what, it was locked and the default language on this phone was some type of Polish, Russian or some weird East European Language. This made me believe that this phone was stolen by a clerk working for a Russian T-Mobile service provider or some East European National Wireless provider... anyway, I figured out to switch it back to English, to my dismay, the phone is LOCKED and can NOT work on US service providers.... so I called my provider (T-Mobile) hoping to get help... after 30 minutes of being on-hold, the T-Mobile folks did not recognize the iemei number on the phone (it's Russian); and could not help me. They suggested that I call Samsung. 45 minutes of wait, someone sends me to an online web site where they have instructions to download a bunch of software.I follow the instruction, I plug the phone onto a USB connector, then download various files, pay $19.95 to European SIM unlocking services, then another $14.95 to make it work on US providers, then I paid $4.95 to make sure that the phone is NOT black-listed... I still can't make it work. I wasted about 8 hours on this piece of junk.I am returning it... don't make the same mistake if you are a busy person and value your time.I am highly disappointed.

The seller deceived me by stating the phone is unlocked. Since I purchased it I have not used it until recently and it will not connect to any network. I am in USA and even tried it on international roaming sim card but it will still not work. I am very disappointed.

Bought the Galaxy Duos (2 SIM cards) a little over a month now and I like it, not too big.  Dual SIM works great and easy to maneuver...only a few hitches: (1)  Wouldnt read my SD card initially and I still cant find how to locate my pictures on the card.  (2)  More apps you download the longer the phone takes to process taps and auto rotate.  One app actually stopped my camera from operating and I uninstalled it and it worked fine.  I installed a flashlight app and that too I had to be uninstalled.Pros:  Great sound, picture quality, WIFI no prob.  Still discovering as I go along.

great phone from samsung ...i love the speed, the style and the price....takes great pictures even in low light conditions.

This phone worked OK for first 3~4 months, once it is passed started to give Software issues by giving error message System UI doesn't respond almost all the time. Recently I rebuild the software on the phone.. now that error message is not there.. but now it is giving much more issues like when I answer a call... the sender can't hear what I'm telling. This made me mad for last couple of days. Sad that I bought this No Warranty Phone. Anyone buy a no warranty phone he/she/it should think again and again.

excellent phone, very good deal for the price. I recommend it.has very good features and a very acceptable speed. cool

I really like this phone, the reason I don't give 5 stars is because I haven't figure it out how to conect my samsung note tablet with the data on the phone. I downloaded an app from google play  to my tablet and the phone but for some reason I can't make it work.

Got this phone about five days now,did not want to make a review until i played with it a bit.I must say, if i loved this phone anymore i would have to leave my wife and marry it...well joking there a bit, lol, buy i do love it.Only reason i gave it four stars is some minor things, like the flimsy looking charger cable, looks real tiny as if it will soon break and the white headset for a black phone.My last phone was the bb 9860, got this instead as i wanted a dual sim with android and led flash and been able to work as a remote for my smart tv, so far i love it and would buy another if anything happened to it.It does take a little time to get used to and if you are impatient you may not like it at first as it has so many features and different ways of doing things.Great phone.Ok, have this phone for little over two weeks and not liking it that much again for the following reasons(good thing i did not leave my wife LOL),(1) It is not the kind of dual sim i am used to, it is dual sim STANDBY and not dual sim ACTIVE as was with the lg ks660 that i used previously.The difference is that with st/by both sims are on st/by waiting for a call, once a call is active the other sim is inactive (well not entirely), will explain. With dual sim active both sims are always active and works as if two phones are in one. This is really what i wanted.Now to explain the above, this phone tries to remedy the situation by using call forwarding (a paid service on my network)so it has an option for dual sim always on, this option attempts to enable call forwarding for both sims and if it fails (as in my case) then even if i would pay for forwarding,i can not have both sims active at once.In my case forwarding fails because both sims have group calling service on them. Most dissapointed as this is one of the primary reasons for buying this phone.(2) Phone can be a bit slow, but i am used to the ks660 LOL.(3) If i looked up a contact there is no way to use the secondary sim to call from the contact list so i have to use dial pad where the option is, this is so not good.I would give the phone a two star for the above but the other features are great (well it's android) hence the new rating of three stars. So here i go again, off to sell this phone for what i can get and once again start a lengthy search for the dual sim ACTIVE android that i need. Soooo not a happy camper.

At first it was fine, but I've had a few problems in the past 2 or 3 weeks.1) I use the speaker phone a lot.  It never was the clearest, but was tolerable.  Now, it makes crackling noises, sometimes the screen shows the speaker is on, but it's not, and if I lay don't hold it at the perfect angle there is a squealing feedback sound.  It's awful!2) My screen has indicated one missed call for 3 weeks now.  I have cleared the calls, restarted the phone, and even took out the battery hoping it would reset.  It won't.3) Since my speaker isn't working, I pulled out my little ear buds for the first time.  The cord on one side is about 4 inches long, and the cord on the other side is about 18 inches long!  It's crazy!  And uncomfortable.4) On several recent occasions, I have attempted to call or text someone by choosing them from my call or text history, only to have a different person pop up as the recipient! No, I don't want to send my husband's flirty love note to my mother!From what I understand, I'm out of luck on returning the phone.  :(

the phone is put suddenly black screen and stays static. The product does not comply with the bid. very bad

gracias este producto es excelente espero poder aprovechar todas aplicaciones que este tenga, la entrega fue muy rapida en el tiempo estipulado.

not worth the money, its okay as a phone but very very slow, I mean don't expect to take pictures listen to music and have a phone call, your phone will totally freeze, taking a photo takes 2 mins to load the camera, and I have a 16gb memory in it! save your money and buy an SII , huge difference.

cant say much other that this is exactly what i needed. I phone with all the capabilites of android devices now in the market and with the dual chip capabilities. Perfect.

Bought for my dad as way to introduce him to android phones, the samsung UI is not perfect but the phone is ver handy and the OS looks nice, it works really well outside US so i have no complaints about it, so overall good for a first android phone but could do better without samsung UI.

This phone has a network lock for Costa Rica, as the model I think is pretty good and functionalEste tel&eacute;fono tiene un bloqueo de red para Costa Rica, en cuanto al modelo me parece que es bastante bueno y funcional,

This is an amazing phone I does almost everything... buy this phone if you want a dual sim mid range galaxy it's really good (buy from Wireless Everything!!! good seller)

I have bought for my dad.he is so happy of it.Actually, sometimes this phone becomes slow a little bit because its specification is not high.In fact, it is a great phone for its price.I love it as well.

Item was as described. New,in unopened box(in original box), working great. Shipped soon.Phon working great. Price good for this price,recommended +++++++

Very good the only thing is that it is a bit slow and the storage capacity is not that large

Loving my cellphone, now i'm an android fan... i used to have a blackberry but this is another thing! Amazing!

I 'm buy GT-S7562 only not sent to me. This phone has flaws. The WIFI has errors and the system halts at any time.

it was a night mare..the phone did ot work the very time i took it off the box..it could not read my sim card..and to make matters worse the manual was not in english...amazon should be weary of companies like this

This smart phone, buy it simply because it accepts two Sim cards and other uses Android technology, But is Regular

I was very disappointed to learn that the phone doesn't enable Smart Dual SIM. Both SIMs will not be active but on standby(You wont receive your call if you are on the other SIM)  :(I also tried to find out if there was a fix from the seller, Mobile Front, but after telling them the problem they avoided responding to my emails.

I bought this phone specifically to use overseas.  I carry both work and personal phones and wanted to consolidate.  This is my third dual-sim phone, the first not being an Android, the second being an LG Android phone and then this one.  The phone, BY FAR, exceeds the performance of the LG phone.  For a dual sim phone, this one shines.I would remind folks that dual sim phones are typically not as good as single chip phones.  Manufacturers and only now starting to really step up to the plate to improve them.  That said, this phone is fantastic.  It does everything I need it to do.  That includes navigation, skype, camera, good phone call quality, wifi and data plan.  Yes, it is only 3G, but that's all we have where I am right now.The give this phone 4 stars.  It could go up if it included a faster processor and 4G.  Other than that, it rocks!

It's smartphone has enough memory to install aplications and its menu is very intuitive... it was delivers on time and works perfectly.

I don't know why, but it works slow... Delays screens. I don't use many applications though. When I use internet (WiFi or GMS) it slows down even more...

As expected from Samsung, this phone has the quality and the features that have made this brand so popular. I was very happy to select this product particularly for the Dual SIM feature that I was looking for.

I bought this cellphone for my dad because he has 2 cellphones. The Dual Sim card was the reason why I chose it, is not as fast as the new generation smartphone like S3 Mini, but meets his needs...

Incredible little phone! Falls right in line with other Galaxy S series that came out before it. Would've gave it 5 stars but it is a battery hog!!! The dual SIM feature works perfectly out here in Afghanistan. I have my Etisalat (Afghanistan) and AT&T SIM cards in one phone and can communicate via either on one device! Pretty awesome.

My phone does not work I am very annoyed with the seller of the cell that was sold by Warehouse Deals, Inc, this does not work with any cellular telephone operator here in Venezuela .. I feel cheated and I return not make a purchase Warehouse Deals, Inc. .. I want to return that phone and give me a if cell serves as that here in Venezuela .. That team is not the original and is for use in Chinese

Completely disappointed, the cell is a copy of GT-S7562 not supported by samsumg and impossible to use the 3G in my area even though the box says UMTS 900/2100 only available 2100, I have been cheated by you aSavings, cell turned out to be the family of MTK, and this in particular is a MT6572 which means it is a Chinese clone, it is unfortunate that you post on this product as original when in fact it is not, I hope all the other people they can read this so that they are not cheated like me, many vendors as you aSavings believe doing this benefits them, but have some clear divine justice arrived in time, so eventhough you think it will not be so, but more importantly there is hope and you can even do good things and live well and maybe even be saved in jesus, have a nice day

BIEN

I Receive on timearrive without seal, but it works fine.Works with Telcel and MovistarFor the prices is enough for Android Appsometimes got slow processing, but just restarting solve problem

I purchased this phone for international travel.  I wanted a phone with a second SIM card slot so I wouldn't have to remove my primary SIM card and store it while abroad. The problem?  The processor is so slow I can't stand the delays.  I have laid the phone aside (a total waste of money since I paid full price for an unlocked phone) and went back to my old phone. I'll have to decide whether I want to spend the money on another unlocked phone before I travel internationally again.

It's up to expectation. A good product although I'm sensing some minor problems. I will recommend it anytime, anywhere and to anyone. Thanks for the quality.

I read reviews by other users and thought it was good. I ordered it as a gift. And phone was shipped quickly, but the phone was defective out of the box. I contacted seller and was told a technician would call me back for resetting and trouble shooting. I never got the call back. I returned the phone and my money was promptly refunded.

good afternoonI want to know if this phone works with (850/1900) Mhz

This phone is slow as molasses.  I could never rely on it at all.  It was too expensive and it does not work at all.  STAY AWAY IF YOU WANT TO KEEP IN TOUCH WITH YOUR LOVED ONES!!!

Not unlocked as advertised.  This phone could not even be opened by AT&T.  Sorry for all you hopefuls, but what appeared to be a Great phone could not be used.

I've been using this phone for 3 months now, and think it's absolutely great, with one exception.  Although it's listed as, and apparently has, 4gb of memory, only 1.78gb is actually available for use.  As explained to me, this is rather typical of smart phones.  In my case however, I really needed the extra memory for my critical applications.  Some files and apps can be moved to an SD card.  Mine cannot.My Nexus 4 broke the day before I left the country for 3 months, and had this one sent to me overnight. Did not learn of the memory problem until after I left, and then too late to do anything about it.As mentioned, it's a good phone. Just be aware of memory limitations.The Nexus 4, of course, is a much better phone.

Good and excellent purchase you make, the team was in perfect condition and good performance, the box was no detail shots.

Two days old, and the battery was not working properly anymore. To charge it, i have to open it,  take the battery off, put it back, and only then it re charges.

If I had known the phone cannot get the 3G in US, I wouldn't consider buying it. The 3G frequency range is not avaliable here. Also, no earphone and battery is not good.

I am just loving my new samsung duos. I spend a lot of time with it.  I know how to down load apps and retrieve my messages and phone calls.

the cell meets my expectations, very complete team flames receipt of the two operators in my country without any problems, the connection to the wireless network is super fast and very good camera

Sorry to give such a bad review. Here the reasons:I bought this phone to use it as a Wifi hotspot when traveling. BUT, 3G does not work in all countries. Well you could say that is my fault, and yes you are right. But it seems that one has to be a communications expert and know all the bands for 3G by heart. I feel that I wasted my money and I also find it incredible that a modern phone in a globalized world does not come with all bands for all countries...The second thing is the speed. It seems to me that this phone was not designed for the latest Android version and that is the reason why it is very very slow

Very good phone for less than a third of the price of an S4. Dual sim works very good, Skype works well with wifi not to good with 3G(this not a 4G phone).Excellent choice for a basic sma

A new device with all performance I need. I don't understand why the people pay $600 for a device which is not different than the Samsung Galaxy.

The TouchWiz UI is, as usual, a slow and convoluted mess. Stock Android, while not as smooth an experience as iOS, is light years ahead of TouchWiz. What Samsung does to Google's baby could arguably be called abuse. And because Samsung will not allow stock Android on its devices, users are stuck waiting for them to implement TouchWiz on new versions of Android. Unfortunately, this means that the S Duos is stuck now and possibly forever, on Ice Cream Sandwich 4.0.4. Nevermind that KitKat 4.4 could run on the S Duos; because Samsung hasn't said yes, it won't happen. Is this what an open computing platform is supposed to be? It is possible, however, to install CM 10.1 on this handset. The downside to that is you lose dual-SIM functionality, this handset's distinguishing feature. Dual SIM support is not native to Android and its implementation is up to the manufacturer and Samsung (and LG, Sony, etc) aren't giving up their secrets.The hardware side of the S Duos isn't any better. The TFT screen is nicely saturated, but even at 50% brightness, blacks are washed out and gray. The TFT panel doesn't have very good viewing angles, either. The digitizer is, in my experience, extremely finicky: swipes register as taps and apps are launched without warning because the air somehow managed to trigger a tap. I could be holding the S Duos in hand with no fingers or palm within a centimeter of the screen and an app could launch. Touch input also suffers because this handset is extremely prone to lag. The single-core, 1GHz Cortex A5 CPU and Andreno 205 GPU do not perform well at all. If you expect to use only stock Samsung (not Google!) apps on this handset, you might be fine and experience little lag. Otherwise, prepare to have even the keyboard app stutter due to lag.Build quality is likewise shoddy. The phone is all plastic. That is to be expected at this segment, but where LG and Sony have similar handsets that feel like premium devices, the S Duos feels cheap. It also looks cheap. After about a month of use, the paint on the gray plastic that makes up the side of the device is white in spots. The USB port is likewise spotted. That's right, Samsung couldn't even be bothered to use colored plastic, instead opting to paint white plastic. The battery is a 1500mAh unit. If you are a heavy user of things like the stock SMS app, expect to run down the battery at around the 8-hour mark. Nevermind streaming movies over 3G or taking pictures all day. Really, don't bother taking pictures because the 2GB of onboard storage means that after the OS and Samsung's bloatware, users really only have access to less than half that amount.Even after all that complaining, I can find one other terrible thing about the S Duos: it powers down randomly. Whether in my pocket, in my hand, or on a table, sometimes the S Duos will just power down completely. It turns itself off, even when in the middle of audio playback.As soon as I am able, I will replace this piece of garbage phone. I have my eye on an LG Optimus L7 II Dual, Sony Xperia M dual, or Sony Xperia C. Needing dual-SIM support means I am effectively stuck in the midrange of Android devices, and that's fine with me. I just wish I hadn't wasted nearly $200 on this terrible phone and Samsung has definitely lost a customer in me.

Great phone, two sims from different companies at the same time and a lot of apps very fast procesor also

It is a phone with a high cost - value. Ideal for staying connected with 2 lines. The only quibble is that it has option to schedule automated on-off

nice phone. two sim cards. very sleek.light weight. bought three phones as a gift. everybody loved it. works in south asian country.

Good Good GoodIts a excelent phone. I recomend this for every body.This store is excelent too.a Good Product

I bought this phone to be used in Central America, in El Salvador.It worked nice until i decided to restart de phone with factory settings, IMEI information was deleted and the phone became unusable. I have tried with several software and search in several forums but nothing works.

very fragile - glass broke with one week. Somewhat slow in response time due to low RAM.Its just Okay.

This is a good phone. It howver freezes alot and is a little slow to booth up when waking up the phone from sleep

I got this phone recently because my cheap China-copy that I had had before got stolen and I wanted a dual SIM smartphone. It looks good, is not too heavy, but the performance is pathetic for a smartphone sold in 2013 by a company like Samsung:- the screen brightness is not nearly enough on a sunny day, always have to use my hand to shade the display- touchscreen reacts completely randomly. Half the time it takes a pinch zoom in google maps (and other apps) as a tap, or doesn't react at all- annoyingly slow: have to clear RAm every few hours to make it react a little smoother again- crashes almost once a day, quite often google maps (latest updates installed, also new firmware recently)- even standard phone functions such as opening the call screen, or message screen takes ages. The call is already being placed and I still can't type anything (for example a number while on a hotline) because the phone screen just hasn't shown up yet- listening to music quite often renders the phone unusable, possible related to the payer I use although I haven't rrady any reviews stating that behavior- camera is crapHere the few upsides:- sound is good, even listening to music works good enough for me- only have tested it with one SIM card so far, works fineSo all in all I'm very dissapointed. I understand that Samsung thinks the dual SIM feature is so amazingly special that the can sacrifice perfomrance and to some extend I would accept this. However using this piece of crap is no fun at all, my 80$ china dual sim S3 copy worked ten times better.Unfortunately I'm travelling overseas right now and had no chance to return it so I'm stuck with it. Won't be long befor eI buy a proper phone.1 star for being able to place calls.

I would not recommend this phone to no oneI love the features  of the phone but it keeps jumping from one apps to another without me doing anything when I click go back it would go back over every thing I was doing before it is a crazy phone I wish I could have return

I have had this phone for a few days now because I wanted to test it out before writing a review. First of all, what I wanted out of a smartphone was not a whole lot; good call quality, texting, internet (wifi), and access to my email account. Secondly, I wanted an unlocked phone that was $200 or less. So having said that,Pros:- Good size, light, and attractive- Screen is very responsive and almost too sensitive sometimes, easy to scroll and web-browse- Easy to use- Runs android- Can use two SIM cards (you do have to choose which card is active, but since I'm only using one SIM its not a problem)- It DOES work in the US (and with T-mobile) (Some people were saying it wouldn't accept T-mobile carrier and that it wouldn't work in the States; seems to be working fine)- It is unlocked- It was $160, which meant that this phone + case + screen protector + micro SD card is still cheaper than most unlocked phones.- Good camera- It was NEW- Long battery life, especially with the power saving option- The first thing the phone does is ask you what language you prefer and ENGLISH is one of those as well as many other languages (I saw a lot of complaints about it being in a foreign language)- Good phone quality, can hear everything clearlyCons:- The phone has very little memory (2GB only) so if you want to download a lot of apps, the phone will become super slow, however, you can use a micro SD card to increase memory and store photos/videos.- It is not the fastest processor, if you are switching quickly through multiple apps or web pages, it does take a second or two to load. This does not bother me that much, but if you need to use the phone for multiple things at all times, I'd consider a more powerful phone.

Only had it for two days, but love the familiarity of use as I already have aSamsung Galaxy tablet.  Takes great photos, but I still have to learn to use it.Only big negative is that it came with a European travel plug(round pins), so I had tobuy a charger plug  with flat  pins for US use.

This phone is ok,If you want to use one sim,but the dual sim can only allow access to one sim at the same time, meaning I cannot get calls on both sim at the same time, hats the big disadvantage of this.

This item was a gift I gave to my wife and she loved it&#8230;!!!It worked very well in Venezuela, even though it does not accept 3G with Movistar.Thanks a lot!La Guaira, Venezuela

In terms of features, this phone has all the features. But even if you try to download and run 4 apps in it, its hung all the time. I had to delete all the important apps including facebook from my phone to run its normal functions + whatsapp. Not you phone it you want to run many apps.

The phone was smaller than I expected it to be,  but overall it's a nice phone.  Also there isn't many different cases and covers available for this phone.  If it wasn't for that I would have given 5 stars.

I always have used samsung celular and stopped when BB arrived, but now I used it again I love it

I just turned 75 and gave up my throw away phone for this one, becasue of the two chip apability, which I have not yet tried, However, with one chip, it is doing everythng I want to do.  My teenage daughter walked me through it and it works like my mind does, so, I think it is pretty simple.  Sound level is great, apps for old gezers gave me the keyboard that I like and another app make the menue my size.  I am partial to Samsung as to quality and being a robust product, today is my first day and I am a happy camper.

I received 2 days ago my new phone. Until now it's working perfectly except the network. I came from Hungary and I can not use the phone with my Hungarian sim cards. I tried also with 1 USA carrier's Verzion sim card also, and the phone still asking the network Unlock code. It means it's network locked.

betrry  charging  no good

The product that I get is not the one I bought. I bought the S Duos and Duos Trend sent me in which is not supported in Venezuela.

I read the reviews stating that this handset is slow.  I thought, "I don't need the fastest phone in the world."  Yet, I have used it now for 3 months and it is becoming annoying.  I wish I had not bought it - and I am probably stuck with it for two years. For example, when I am just looking at my email and then have to make a call, I have to wait 5-10 seconds for the keypad to come up to make a call.  That seems trite, but how many calls do you make a day?  It gets really bothersome.  I appears that Samsung made a mistake by not putting a fast enough processor in this phone.  It looks great but I would not have bought it and I would be happy to go back to carrying around two phones.  Also, my wife has an older iphone - the iphone 3.  Her phone is faster than this one.  I think her iphone came out in 2008.  Looks great, but disappointed by the performance.

It's okay, but the charger not working and I had to get another. The cell phone should have warranty .

A bit slow sometimes but, altogether a good phone, the android software is at icecream sandwich which to me sucks i prefer jellybean and the way things look samsung won't be making an offical update for this phone
