
This phone was an upgrade and a second phone. I love it! The screen is large enough for me not  squint, the keys respond quickly, the space is awesome, the call quality is clear, it's loaded with standard apps that don't take up most of the usable space before you can load the apps you want, and the camera is superb.Now for the bad news.Net10 sucks rotten eggs!That's as nice as I'm gonna get.I spent 73 minutes on the phone with them transferring phones, I've been without phone service with this phone all weekend since Thursday. I KNOW they won't credit my account automatically so zI'll be sure to call them about that. Thank goodness I have a backup phone.UPDATE:After using this phone for a few weeks now, WARNING...My touchscreen stopped operating properly and after using up the allotted data , the internet won't work.Unfortunately, I put on the screenlock and have had to reboot 7 times to get the keyboard to show up.  The characters repeat quickly at the slightest touch and when I try to hit the "o" I usually end up getting the "i".y Sometimes the keyboard doesn't respond at all.Like right now.Now I know why I got such a good deal on it.So far, the sound quality is still god but I have a feeling I'll be replacing this phone sooner than later.

I'm not sure if I was just the OO so lucky one to get a Malfunctional phone or if it's like to to ALL of the phones. I hated my Samsung Galaxy cause it was so slow but this phone Doesnt even work half the time!!!!! I can't go online, it keeps deleteing my IP address as well as my contacts!!! Doesnt back up to my SD card, Doesnt give me notifications of when I get a email (probably because half the time the email doesnt work) and Now the latest to the list is can't send out or recieve Picture messages.. I know it's not my Phone company because this just happens to work on and off and Ive already been round and round with Straight talk thinking it was the service. One day it will work one day it wont, It's kinda like a Hit or miss. I can't afford to buy a new one but Man I AM SO DISSAPOINTED that I got sucked into this purchase by all these great reviews. This is the Moment that you wish you got a warranty so you can say TAKE YOUR PHONE BACK!!!!

I love this phone its really great, however does run a little slow at times and this particular phone could not run with Straight Talk

We looked at a lot of phones and thought this one was the best and it was.  Works great.  Very pleased.

It has the IceCream Sandwich OS which makes it pretty fast. I has a nice big screen. It does not have swype but there is an app for that... the camera isnt the best quality but it does have a flash and panoramic mode... I love this phone and NET10 now has family plans which saves me a ton of money!!!! The only problem I am having is finding a case for it! But I am sure they will come out with some soon!

Phone works great when it works....but don't try to use several APPs at once (Facebook, Twitter, etc) as the phone will freeze while trying to text, to make or end a call. Total black screen and nothing works short of taking out the battery. The work around is to close all the applications prior to doing anything.  I think the phone only has a 3GB Internal Storage drive, which doesn't provide the user with enough available RAM to run FB and make a phone call.Love the Net10 Service; hate the phone.

Love it. Easy to use.takes great pictures.Cannot beat the price.Would not hesitate about buying this phone.All the accessories you need from Amazon.

Only if you have an abundance of patience, lock yourself into Net10. "Unlimited" data plan isn't; only "live" info available is an incomplete canned message. Technical Support (to get USB connection working) has yet to become reality - indefinite wait for an inanimate ticket system. Forum support isn't available until one submits a minimum number of forum messages. Neither LG nor Tracfone support is provided to Net10 users. Great phone, but will return for an unlocked model.

Well at first I wasn't sure I wanted a touch screen, I'm kind of an old school type of person and have been using simple flip phone for years. Then a friend off mine started showing me some of the things she could do with her phone, and I have to admit it was pretty cool to see! So I started looking around and researching different phones and phone plans, this one stood out so I took a chance and got it. Now after having it a little over a month I am sure glad I made the decision it works great which is a big deal because off where I live (normally considered a dead zone) in the Mountains of WA. Very easy to figure this phone out even if you have never had a touch screen before, and the coverage with net 10 awesome! Now I dont want to brag or nothing but the locals hear have a Mt top we all like to go up on for some off road fun and the phone works just fine even way up in the high country I was impressed.  Bottom line great phone!

I bought 2 of the dirt cheap refurbs locked in to net10 about a month ago. They look brand new and work fine. My number ported to net10 and I was set up in less than an hour, however we ran into some problems porting my wife's number over, because her cell number's area code is was not local to our zip code. Apparently they will only port numbers that are local to your zip code. Other than that, I've been very happy with the phone. Coverage/reception in my area has been great so far and I haven't noticed a difference in service from my contract plan so far. This is the first smart phone I've owned, I know its not the nicest newest phone out there, but it works fine for internet browsing which is probably what I mostly will use it for outside of calling and texting. Its a good size, big enough to read but not so big it wont fit in my pocket though my fingers are a little big for the keyboard so I might need to invest in a stylus since I sometimes have trouble hitting the correct key when texting. So far its been able to run any app I've downloaded just fine, though I haven't been downloading any highly demanding 3d apps or anything like that. But I think it was a good buy for a first smart phone, for light internet browsing and basic apps there is no reason to spend hundreds of dollars on a more expensive phone because this does those things just fine. Wifi gets a good signal and connects on and off in about 5 seconds so its easy to switch between that and data. Battery life is pretty variable pending on what youre doing. When I first got it and was playing with it a lot I had to charge it daily. Now that newness has worn off and I'm not doing much with it, I've been going 3-4 days easily without having to charge it. Shutting wifi off when not in use and making sure programs are closed seems to help a lot. Camera is decent, newer more expensive smart phones do take noticeably better pictures, but these aren't bad especially in good lighting and outdoors. Indoors you can get some blurriness with motion and weird color effects on some shots with bad lighting but theyre still a lot better than my old flip phone.  Video looks slightly choppy with fast motion but has good clarity. Look up camera reviews on search engine for the phone and people have sample pictures and video. Internal memory is 4gb but you have less than that free, you can expand with an sd card but you cant put apps on the card only pics and videos and stuff at least as far as I know. Most programs that ive downloaded though are under 50mb so I haven't filled it up much, I was thinking about getting gps though and the ones I was looking at are huge and would take up a pretty large chunk of that memory.  Overall I think its a very good buy for a first time smartphone user if you just don't want to spend a lot of money.

I originally bought the younger cousin, the LG35. That phone was too small for my hand. I do a good amount of texting and there were too many errors with the small screen. So I found this one, it is much better, much bigger. It is fast, great to use. Still have some issues with hitting too many buttons at once, but that could just be my inexperience with touchscreens.

I've had this phone for just over 6 months; it uses the AT&T; network.  There's a good article on how to determine which network pre-paid phones use; it's a must read before you buy a phone. Go to prepaid phone news (run all these words together and add dot com) and look for the article "how to tell which network..."I use Google voice so if (and when) I ever have a problem with data being throttled by Net 10 (aka Tracphone as parent company, or Straight Talk as sister company), I just pop in a new SIM card and set up another account.  Net 10 SIM cards are as little as $1.79 for 2 each on ebay.  Unlike Straight Talk, you don't have to buy Net 10 SIM's at Wal Mart and you can find discounted refills on line.Now: back to the phone.  It's reasonably fast (800 mhz processor), and does not come with "bloatware" like the major carrier's pre-paids - and allows all apps to load.  It runs Android 4.0 / Ice Cream Sandwich, which makes up for the slower processor) and is micro sd card expandable to 32gb (comes with a 4gb card).  It's a 3G phone - not the fastest, but definitely works well for me to have nationwide coverage on AT&T; towers and unlimited talk, text and web for $50 per month.It was a bit of a challenge to find screen protectors and a case, but Trident makes cases and if you search by the model number NTLGL40G3P4P you can find accessories.The screen (2560 x 1920 resolution) is not the best, but the pictures taken with the 5.0 mega pixel camera are reasonably good.  I take pictures of products and packing lists with it and share via Dropbox.  I have had no issues with running and loading apps, but I typically don't have more than 3 or 4 going at a time.For the money I paid ($120) for it, it's a decent phone.  I'd recommend it.

This is a great phone. It's my 1st phone that didn't have a keyboard. It's easy to use and has great features and a nice sized screen. I recommend it.

love it. it does everything and more super phone at a super price. I will buy it again when it is time to replace

I love this phone,  I have the auto fill program for $45.00 a month and that it is for this Droid and works just great

I needed a NET10 replacement phone fast because my Samsung Galaxy Centura stopped working.  I saw this phone listed for $109 on Amazon Prime.  Then, I noticed that i could get a refurbished one for $24.  What an excellent deal!  I received the phone fast and it works great.  No problems what so ever.  A much better phone than the Samsung galaxy Centura.  I would definitely recommend this seller.

I have better service where I work then some with Iphones and Samsung contract phones that cost a lot more for both the service and the phones. They have had trouble getting 3G or 4G service and wifi wouldn't pick-up the service i he building, My phone had both. I love the feel of the phone. Easy to use and setup.

UPDATE:When I first got this phone I was amazed at how fast the data and Internet was.Now that I have owned it for nine months, StraightTalk has "throttled" my data usage and the Internet is unbearably slow.It was my fault for not reading paragraphs 6 & 7 of the Terms & Conditions...which clearly state: "If you use the phone too much, we will bring your data usage to slower than a crawl."If you need truly unlimited usage of data, then do not buy this phone or any service from StraightTalk or Net10.If you find that $45 p/mo for phone service is a good deal, then go ahead and read my review. I will paste paragraphs 6 & 7 at the end (bottom) of this product review.REVIEW:I finally cut the apron strings and joined up with StraightTalk.Amazing low price for unlimited everything!LG Optimus Extreme is terrific for the price.Comes with the Android 4.0 "Ice Cream Sandwich" Operating System.The YouTube experience was much faster and smoother using my LG phone as a hotspot than my ISP cable service provider!At the end of this review is a link to the online owner's manual.3G speed is moderate compared to 4G, but there is no 4G in our area.As with all localized area networks, speed will vary. In the daytime in our area the data slows down to a crawl using 32Kb chunk sizes...which takes some time.At night I was getting remarkable data speeds -phone & hotspot.After thinking about it for a short while and scouring the StraightTalk website for loopholes, misleading info, bait & switch...I found none! Very simple pay as you go monthly service which gets even cheaper if you buy up to a year in advance.No credit check, no age limits.With the millions of apps available for this phone using a very new release Android 4.0 system, you should be able to do just about everything phones costing 3 times as much do. (within reason.)Touch screen is nice and smooth as well as the look and feel. Large screen.Pattern Lock or Swipe.Excellent voice command, voice to text message, etc.Works well as USB modem or wireless Hotspot.4GB Micro SD Card, USB Wall Charger, Battery, USB to Micro USB cable included.The instructions/owner's manual are not very thorough. Best to just explore all menus and do what I do every time I research... go to YouTube.The speaker when playing movies/media is not that loud, but when using it for speaker phone is okay.One feature I found useful is the standard mini 1/8" headphone output. You can use regular earbuds/headphones and still talk. You can also use the headphone as an output for calls or media.All in all for the price and features combined with the 4.) Android system and super low cell service through StraightTalk...I'm much happier after being a Sprint customer for over 12 years. When I called them, they told me they couldn't compete. I am in the process of having my old number transferred to my new phone service. No charge.As of Jan 2013 I am getting "unlimited everything yearly service" for less than forty-three bucks per month. This phone is five bucks less than the one I bought from StraightTalk and comes with a one year warranty.UPDATE:8/23/2013: 8 months later everything is still great with the phone & OS.Tons of apps for everything. Camera still sucks! -lol.If this review has helped please click the button below! :-)Here is a link to the online owner's manual in PDF form:(copy and paste all of below into browser address bar)[...]PARAGRAPHS 6 & 7 (TERMS & CONDITIONS)6. STRAIGHT TALK UNLIMITED TALK, TEXT AND MOBILE WEB ACCESS PLAN INTENDED USE:  Straight Talk Unlimited Talk, Text and Mobile Web Access Plans may ONLY be used with a Straight Talk handset for the following purposes: (i) Person to Person Voice Calls (ii) Text and Picture Messaging and (iii) Internet browsing and ordinary content Downloads. The Straight Talk Unlimited Plan MAY NOT be used for certain unauthorized uses that adversely impact our service. Examples of unauthorized uses include, without limitation, the following: (i) continuous uninterrupted mobile to mobile or mobile to landline voice calls; (ii) automated text or picture messaging to another mobile device or e-mail address; (iii) uploading, downloading or streaming of uninterrupted continuous video; (iv) server devices or host computer applications, including, but not limited to, Web camera posts or broadcasts, automatic data feeds, automated machine-to-machine connections or peer-to-peer (P2P) file sharing; or (v) as a substitute or backup for private lines or dedicated data connections. A person engaged in unauthorized uses may have his/her service throttled and/or terminated.  Customers will be provided notice and an opportunity to take corrective action with respect to unauthorized uses before their service is terminated.Unlimited voice services may not be used for monitoring services, data transmission, transmission of broadcasts, transmission of recorded material, interconnection to other networks, telemarketing activity or autodialed calls or robocalls.  Straight Talk reserves the right to cancel or deactivate service, and/or reduce data throughput in order to protect the Carrier's network from harm due to any cause including, without limitation, the excessive and/or unauthorized use of Straight Talk service. Straight Talk reserves the right to limit or reduce data throughput speeds or the amount of data transferred, and to deny or terminate Service, to anyone Straight Talk believes is using the Straight Talk Unlimited Talk, Text and Mobile Web Access Plan in an unauthorized manner or whose usage, in Straight Talk's sole discretion, adversely impacts the Carrier's network or customer service levels. Straight Talk will presume you are engaging in an unauthorized use in violation of these Terms and Conditions if in Straight Talk's sole opinion, you are placing an abnormally high number of calls, or repeatedly placing calls of unusually long duration, or if your talk, text or Mobile Web usage is harmful or disruptive to the Carrier's network or service levels. If we determine, at our sole discretion, that you are using an unlimited service in violation of the Straight Talk Terms and Conditions of Service, or in any other manner that we deem to be unreasonable or excessive, then we may terminate individual calls, terminate or reduce the speed of data connection throughput, Mobile Web Access or terminate your service, decline to renew your service, or offer you a different service plan with no unlimited usage component.Straight Talk may discontinue providing Service to you, discontinue your account, terminate data connections and/or reduce data throughput speeds for customers whose usage, in the sole judgment of Straight Talk: (1) appear likely to generate abnormally high call volumes or Mobile Web Access and data usage and/or abnormally long average call lengths or Mobile Web Access and data usage as compared to the usage of other Straight Talk customers; (2) may be harmful, disruptive, or interfere with the Carrier's network, Straight Talk's service or the ability to provide quality service to other customers.  For a detailed description of activities that could result in reductions in data service speeds or service interruption or termination, see paragraph 7 and the section entitled "Straight Talk Features: Intended Use" under the Mobile Web Services Section below. By initiating Service and placing or receiving calls, you acknowledge and agree to Straight Talk's right to terminate your Service under these circumstances.Straight Talk may modify or cancel any Service or take corrective action at any time without prior notice and for any reason, including but not limited to your violation of this agreement.7. STRAIGHT TALK UNLIMITED PLANS CANNOT BE USED FOR: any applications that tether your device to a laptop or personal computer other than for the use of Wireless Sync. IN ADDITION TO THE DISCLAIMERS SET FORTH IN THE AGREEMENT, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE USE OF THE STRAIGHT TALK MOBILE WEB SERVICES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. STRAIGHT TALK MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT THE STRAIGHT TALK MOBILE WEB SERVICES WILL (i) MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, (ii) ALLOW ACCESS TO ALL THIRD PARTY SITES, OR (iii) BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE OR ERROR FREE. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION OBTAINED FROM ANY OTHER SOURCE SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THE AGREEMENT OR THE STRAIGHT TALK MOBILE WEB SERVICES TERMS OF USE. You are responsible for all activities undertaken by you using the Straight Talk Mobile Web Services, including without limitation, the use of email. You shall not use, nor permit others to use, the Straight Talk Mobile Web Services in a manner or for a purpose contrary to this Agreement.

Had the optimus Q before and the call reception was terrible. This phone has at least 3 bars most of the time. Also like the wifi. Picks up my wireless better than the Q also.

Ive had it for about a month and been very happy.  Great size and easy to use, even with my large hands.  Android 4.0 works very well for everything I do.

I have no problems with this phone it works just fine for me. I have had this phone for almost a year, and I have straight talk. it has given me no problems, im only on the internet for MAYBE 40 min. a day, and at times longer(in an airport)for maybe 2 hrs. and have never had the problems others have had. In my mind, if your glued to your phone for more than 2 hours a day you need to get a life!! get off your fat asssse and go do something worthwhile!! sitting around staring at a 4in. screen is a waste of your life!! if you want TRUE 1080p then look up and open your eyes to what is right in front of your face!! if you want to make the picture change, then go somewhere else, and experience a new picture!! one that will give true feeling and sensation!!!!!!!!!!!!

After playing with Apple's iPHone and being an Apple guy for years, I decided to try an Android phone to go with my Net10 plan. Not only was I pleasantly surprised, I was blown away! Easy setup with Net10 and with the Google account integration, all my contacts and calendar were ready to go in under 5 minutes. The phone is easy to use. The sound, speaker and bluetooth in the car are excellent! What a value for the money. This is a game changer.

We bought two.  My husband and I both got the same phone.  We liked the phone, but were disappointed in the service.  It doesn't have the coverage we had with US Cellular. It's our first prepaid phone and also our first android, so we're having to familiarize ourselves with all the features. We both love the screen size and the keyboard functioning both vertically or horizontally. We've had them less than a month, but so far, we're both quite pleased with the phones themselves.

For me, this phone is just okay. It gets the job done... sorta. I like the screen size and appeal of the phone along with the Android 4.0 processor. But there are a few faults to it as well. The screen often gets frozen, the touch screen is unresponsive at times, and it just ends calls or exit out of the screen I'm viewing. So, for the price, it is what it is. Could be much better to come from LG.

"THE QUALITY OF THIS PHONE IS WAY BEYOND WHAT MY EXPECTATIONS WERE!... THANK YOU FOR AN EXCELLENT PRODUCT!... THIS PHONE IS AWESOME!... WHY DID I EVER WAIT SO LONG BEFORE PURCHASING THIS PHONE?... NOT TO FORGET TO MENTION THAT NET 10'S PERFORMANCE IS FANTASTIC!... LOVE IT!... A+

this phone for the money is awesome ,,, batterylife . is pretty good. i recommend this phone to anyone having a prepaid service .

Had net10 service already so we just needed to transfer the number and get a data plan along with activating this new phone. Called Net 10 to do so and was told everything went through. So great?...Nope! Not only did they NOT transfer the number we had but when calling someone from the phone, they get the someone elses name (not ours) on their caller ID along with a different number! So we called to resolve it and was told they will fix it within 24 hours and if not to call back. So of course it wasn't fixed and we called back and was told that we cannot get our previous number back and they really don't know what happened. So I was okay with not having the same number but what about the wrong name showing on the caller ID? He told me, &#34;No, sorry you cannot have your old number back and no one has your old number&#34;.I said &#34;I'm ok with that but what about the wrong name appearing?&#34; He said, &#34;No, sorry you cannot have you number back and no one has your old number?&#34; I repeated myself 3 more times until he stopped talking to me. I felt like I was talking to a toddler!! So I asked for a supervisor and he said he IS ONE!! I finally hung up after starting to cry. Don't know what to do now....

My G2 touchscreen had become unresponsive so I needed a new phone.  Purchased this phone since it had the latest os but didn't think it would be that great because of the price. This is actually a great phone regardless of price.  The screen is nice and the memo feature that lets you draw/write on whatever is on the screen.  My youngest gets a kick out of taking pictures of his brother then draws on his face and texts them to his dad.

it has a long battery life  good phone and get on internet easy. light and has a large screen  works well

will not receive or send picture messages or attachments at my home even though i have full signal bars on phone. Had i knownthis i would not have bought phone and will not purchase one online in the future.

As stated by others this phone does get &#34;full&#34; quickly and then is slow and not very responsive. Worse now that I have had it almost 6 months it frequently freezes up on me when using it,which is very frustrating.For example, I make a phone call and shortly after it is answered the screen goes dark, thus if I need to go to keypad (to enter, 1, 2 etc) for automated answers,I cannot and worse yet cannot even get screen to turn on so I can &#34;hang up&#34; or &#34;end&#34; the call. Actually now have been forced to call the phone from another phone number to get it to  turn &#34;on&#34; so I am able to &#34;end&#34; a prior call. Too annoying and frustrating for words and of course I cannot return it as seems the return policy only allows for returns within 30 days. I regret purchase.

I bought this for my wife. She was thinking about a Samsung. I saw this and compaired it to the Samsung she wanted. I decided to purchase this and she loves it.

This phone has great qualities, b/c it doesn't freeze the internet works well never had a problem with dropped calls. Ok! Here are the downfalls, the memory sucks. yes it has a memory card slot, but it won't help with phone memory. lets be real for a min, android phones are awesome when you can download apps and update them, on this phone, once your memory is gone your phone reacts slow. therefore get an expensive phone that has good memory features.

Phone has a big enough screen that you can see very well, but it is not too big. Only thing that would have given this phone five stars, if it had a front facing camera.

I've never been a big &#34;phone person&#34; who has to have the latest and greatest...I just got this LG Extreme for $24.99 refurbished and it came with a 4gb memory card too but I got a 32gb to load with lots of music. Could use it as an MP3 player. I agree too with many others that ATT doesn't get as good signal as Verizon in my area, but it still gets some signal. I guess it depends on what phone. The Huawei Inspira I bought dropped signal alot, but this LG Extreme has full bars signal right now, that's not bad for a little rural town...I guess the LG Extreme has a WAY better antenna in it than the Huawei Inspira (which, btw, don't ever waste your money on it, the touchscreen doesn't even register half the stuff I tried pressing, it's a very common complaint with that phone, apparently a design flaw, but...I digress). The LG Extreme is on par with my old verizon iphone4 in terms of signal, and even beats it at times, which shocks me. All I mostly do is text and use facebook, with the occasional call(don't like talking on the phone at all,I'd rather text) or picture message. The camera is definitely decent to me, it's a big plus that it has auto focus and flash as well. It's not as good as my iphone 4 camera, but it's honestly not THAT far behind it. I'd give it like an 7.5/10 where the iphone 4's was a 9/10 (to me at least). All in all, this is a very good phone for the price. I'm going to stick with net10 for a little while and see how this phone fares.A few cons, it doesn't have very much memory internally, once I updated all the google apps I'm left with a measly 2.2gb...but I don't download many apps at all or games, if you are it's something to note.Also there's no way to move stuff to an SD card to save room.A big plus to me, this phone DOES work with the Walking Dead Dead Yourself App. I've went through a few phones trying to find one that would work. Even though my old Galaxy Centura was the right Android version required, the google play store page told me the phone wasn't compatible with the app, which I later found out was due to very low spec hardware internally. This LG Extreme only has a single core 800mhz cpu and ~392mb of ram (according to the task manager app built in) and it runs pretty smooth considering its low specs. My Galaxy Centura on straight talk constantly froze up and lagged. It got SO old having to turn it off, and unplug the battery from it.In closing, for the refurb price of this phone, I literally cannot recommend this phone enough. Even if you think ATT doesn't get good signal in your area (which I believed....I last had them in 2011 with an LG VU and signal was spotty...they've since added 4g LTE in my little rinky dink town believe it or not according to their coverage map). The superior antenna in this LG Extreme allows it to pick up full ATT signal where other phones choke.

I searched for a smart phone that was not on contract for a month. I read more reviews and looked into more information on the phones because I am on a fixed income and didn't have money to throw away.I picked LG Opt Extreme because it had allI  the bells and whistles I wanted and needed and nothing more.I have been very happy with it. I've had the phone now almost a month and no complaints. I have had no drop calls. I can hear perfectly on it. I love the way it scrolls to each window. Hands down this phone is perfect for the price.You think I paid Hundreds for it.I haven't found anything I dislike about it.I did have to go to a sight to get a protective case for it because no one carries it. Fatorder.com is the only place that carried it.

Love the phone only thing I didn't like is when you scroll page to page the words are hard to see little fuzzy..

This is my first smart phone and I am really liking it. The only drawback is the short battery time.

Great Phone i just wish the corners were different maybe round or something, its hard to talk for long periods of time before your ears start to hurt.... other than that its a great phone.

Bought two of these phones and they are great! It is like having a plan phone, but a fourth of the cost. I am very happy with this phone. I really don't have anything bad to say about it. The only thing that I may add is that it could move a little faster when going into things. However, for being a pre-paid phone, you can only be so picky.

I needed a new phone, my old school Motorola Droid was dying.. yes, Droid 1. I'd been with Verizon since before they were Verizon, and my family has been with them since they were Cellular One. Unfortunately, for me to be able to replace my phone and make use of the perks of being such a long time member.. I had to sign a new contract, which would make me pay more (than my $80-100/month), for LESS service. I couldn't afford that! I JUST wanted to get a new phone and keep my same grandfathered unlimited 3G plan.. NOPE!So I went in search of a new option and found Net 10. Like others, I spent a while searching through and trying to figure out what the catch was.. I've learned since the catch is that you get crappy customer service if you have to try and deal with the human element of Net 10... if you deal with everything in an automated fashion, you're golden.. just don't call tech support.The phone though.. Now, I had a very specific list of wants for a phone. This phone met most of them. I REALLY miss my slide-out QWERTY keyboard. I mean seriously miss that. I hate touch screens and think they are the worst thing to happen to the cell phone industry. I really do. That said, so far this one isn't too bad.. I've had it now for about 8 months and I've not damaged it. Outside of the lacking keyboard... the phone is a little slow, not as powerful as one would like. I find I need to reboot it once every couple days because it slows down, or refuses to see the internet connection.Camera is decent enough.Phone handles Facebook and basic web browsing fine.Handles moderate games well enough.Works decent enough as a streaming music player.Works well when connected to WiFi.GPS is pretty accurate.It's take a few drops and hasn't been damaged yet.For a contract free $100 phone, you can't expect much better.For a contract free $45/month service plan, you can't expect much better.If you're on a budget and you're not trying to use your cell phone for high end gaming or watching streaming movies.. give this phone and Net10 a go.

This phone was so slow, it even struggled when it came to typing a text.  Let's not even talk about running apps or checking Facebook.  Just extremely slow.  Not recommended.  For the exact same price you can get another phone that works much better and faster.

Great phone for the price. I checked other stores online that were triple. I was concerned about it being refurbished but it has been great.

I love it, met my expectation, camera is very good and apps are easy to find and use.Very nice cell phone

prompt service and a quality phone, bought for the wife and she is really excite over itThank for the getting everything here on time

If you want to try a phone cheap without a contract, then do the NET10 boogie.  I have this for a travel phone and don't have to worry about losing it or breaking it.  It is a bargain.

The first one did not work at all,the second one would work for a while then would turn off by it self.the last one works okay but I'm out the postage on the other 2

This is a great low cost intro to android.  It runs off the latest android OS, and for $45 bucks you can't beat it.  Used for a net 10 and had no problems!

This is a fairly good smart phone .but I have been use to the iPhone 4 for the last two years .Trying to save money I cancelled my two tear contract phone and went with Net 10 's pay as you go no contract phone .The service is not as good in my area that I expected , but phone screen blocks out when you dial and number and you can't see the screen until you end call and reboot phone .I DON'T KNOW IF SAVING 44 DOLLLARS A MONTH IS GOING TO BE WORTH IT .SIGNED UNHAPPY .

THIS PHONEIS EVERYTHING AND MORE THEN I EXPECTED..THANK YOU Amazon... ITS WONDERFUL WORKS GREAT.I LOVE IT.I WILL BE ORDERING ANOTHER PHONE SOON...

I was pleasantly surprised with this phone and the price was right. I love the bigger screen and how easy it is to work...A good phone for a great price...

This phone has all the options I was looking for it came in time estimated but works poorly with the net 10 service I have even though it's listed as a net 10 phone

Love the phone!  No real issues with the phone hardware, but I am having to make a few adjustments with this phones Android OS. ie phone must be on for the alarm to function; not a big issue, but my old LG900 (not a smart phone) could be fully powered off and still function as an alarm clock.  I use this new LG as my morning alarm clock, but leave in powered on in &#34;airplane mode&#34;

I really like the size of this phone.  The price was great.  The shipping was fast.  I do not care much for the service that Net10 provides but that has nothing to do with this product.

I traded in my three year old HTC Droid Incredible for a new LG Optimus Extreme thinking a newer phone with more memory and upgraded operating system would clear up the issues I had with my older phone.  Unfortunately I've had just the opposite results.  I can think of nothing good to say about this smart phone.The display is awful.  I need to hold my phone so I'm looking at it directly to see the screen as even a small angle washes out the colors.The sound on the external speaker is weak.The available Google apps for the 4.0.3 operating system are inferior to the ones that came with the older 2.3.4 operating system on the Droid phone.  I really miss my Navigation, Places, and phone apps that always worked well.  The replacements work very poorly.Worst of all, the phone is almost constantly crashing.  Every day I have to reboot the phone to try and get unresponsive apps to function like they should.  I used to enjoy having a smart phone but this new phone is just a constant source of frustration.

The lg optimus extreme has to be one of the worst phones ive ever purchased. Apps force close whenever you go to the home screen. So stuff like pandora, or music, or anything for that matter. The android OS force closes and restarts every time you exit out of anything, whether it be settings, or the browser. My keyboard rarely appears when i need to type. The web browser force closes when you attempt to open a new tab, or load a new page. Horrible user experience. In short, i cant do with this phone what its supposed to do. If you are looking for a solid smart phone with net 10, and you dont want a basic 'dumb', this IS NOT the phone you want. Save yourself the trouble, and get the samsung galaxy SII. Yes, it may be alot more expensive, but its worth it in the long run. Do not be fooled by the reviews on here.

I was already a net 10 customer.  I had to choose from a very limited selection of phones.I decided on this because the price seemed right ,I was really shocked at how well this phone works it has great screen resolution , and is responsive ,and has quality soundI miss my front camera. this phone takes really great pictures considering the camera is only 5 mp  the shutter speed isa little slow but if you anticipate it does really well, overall im pleased .

I purchased the LG Optimus Extreme through shopcelldeals here on Amazon for under $30.00 listed as a refurbished phone so I was expecting some minor flaws but it was the exact opposite. The phone came very well packaged with everything you would receive as new. Everything was individually wrapped and sealed as new. This phone is locked for the net10 service which operates this phone using AT&T tower's. The phone feels good in your hand. It comes with a 5mp camera which isn't the best but for an entry level phone is pretty good. The processor is clocked at a listed 800mhz but actually the processor is dialed back from a 1000mhz. I bought this phone for my 12 yr old daughter which was using an iphone 4 until this phone came in and she gave it try. The phone comes with a 4gb memory card which is needed at the least for music and photos. While it would be nice if you were able to tranfer certain app's to the sd card to open up phone memory that is just a downfall to having an entry level phone. Cases for this phone are hard to find outside of Amazon but really why would you want to go to a store and pay $20.00 for a case that you can purchase on here for $3.99. My daughter watches movies and plays games and the screen does good at showing the picture with no lag or weird coloring like some cheaper phones. I was so impressed with the refurbished phone and 3 day shipping from ahopcelldeals on here that within a week of having the first phone I went ahead and ordered a second to resell locally. For 29.98 including shipping this is by far the best phone for the money and I will definitely order again from this seller.

I came from an iPhone and although my carrier was the most costly around (Verizon) the phone itself was always snappy.This phone became sluggish almost immediately and Im not a app hound.  Ill admit I became obsessed with monitoring the memoryavailability so I started looking for ways to free it up.  I ultimately rooted and started using Greenify and some others which seemed to help.My 2 biggest complaints...and they are pretty important (So please reply if you have any solutions...)1)I constantly miss text messages, people say they text me and I may or may not get them.  It seems to coincide with whether im on wifi or 3g. Its prettyreliable on 3g, but if I toggle back to wifi at work, I miss them.  I use GoSMS...2)although I think its related to the wifi because every time I get home, I have to toggle off my wifi in order for it to work at home. It wont auto discover a saved location. What gives?Maybe its all carrier related...Not sure, getting used to Android. I wish I could maintain at least 135K of memory.

It's about time I joined the 21century. I have been meaning to upgrade my phone for a long time and I'm glad I chose the LG. Now if I can only get half as smart as the phone I'll be happy. I have been a Net 10 customer for years and love it.

I've had this for 45 days so far and it's been a great little phone. Everything has worked as expected and added some applications for my 2 year old son to play on. He's able to use it and not mess it up so it's solid enough for him.Only issue would be the back panel. That seems to fall off with the smallest drop. Even on carpet floors it will pop off. It snaps right back on but is concerning.

I thought my schitzo droid was bad, at least that was funny!  Apps constantly crash.  Dialing delay, it may take 30+ seconds before it will actually dial out, even a favorite.  Keyboard crashes and delays.  Junk, junk, junk!!! Spend the extra money!!

The phone is so-so.  I use the phone sparingly.  I call very little, text often and sometimes facebook chat, I don't use apps very often either.  I tend to have to charge it everyday.  It has its little blackouts where I have to restart it a few times a week.  I also can't get my bluetooth to pair.  It is easy to use, which Is what I wanted since it is my first smartphone but overall I am not thrilled with the purchase.  Also, not thrilled with Net10, but that is a whole other story in itself.I don't recommend it.

I switched from VZW yesterday. Figured that was a good time to port number while everyone else is watching football. Took about an hour for the port. Moved 2 phones and will save $70/month over VZW $155 plan. Yes AT&T; coverage is not as good as VZW. But time to wake up and look at how I really use a 'phone'. Email, little text, some times check roads/weather, lots of streaming radio, few photos. Don't need the latest greatest whiz bang super-duper over-priced 'wow you got one too' to do that. I'll keep the $70/month savings in my pocketnext to phone. The LG is a very feature rich phone for the price. Speed does not seem to be much slower than my retired razr maxx for what I use it for. Camera has some noise in lower light. The screen is much lower resolution but still very usable. ICS operating system is not bloated with un-needed apps. I am quite satisfied and have no regrets.

can not get it activated.  very frustrating.  thinking about sending it back as I can not find anyone to figure out what is wrong

Sort of new to the Smart Phone arena, (my second Droid) but i know that for a prepaid Phone and plan, this has been a great deal.Especially pleased with the battery life, and the touch screen is just big enough for my fat fingers/

I cannot log in to my Google account: I logged in and asked it to keep me logged in to the account on the device. Instead, I am asked to log each time I turn the darned thing on and it will not accept my password. I am unable to set up a voicemail box despite several calls to Net10 customer assistance. Perhaps someone savvier will know if the fault is LG's or Net10's. Google Play's app store gives me nothing but &#34;unexpected error&#34; messages. I should have thought harder and bought a more expensive phone.

The Amazon and mfr. description did not disclose that the phone was not useable in a great number of the NET10 areas.  They shipped the phone to an area code where the phone was not useable without disclosing or warning that the phone could not be used in the area though NET10 is partially available here.

This is our third LG extreme purchase.  We have it on Straight talk and NET 10 lines.  We all love our phonesand are very happy with the purchase.  As with any new phone/ technology it does take some getting used to.We all accidentally called people when we didn't mean to but that was operator error : )Highly recommend the phone.

I wouldn't recommend it.  This is my first smartphone.  I love the Android experience.  It has been a fun system to play with.  The apps have become very useful.  My nerdy boy loves the navigator and must have my phone on trips.  The first most annoying fault with this phone is that the wifi must be constantly turned off and back on to find any network.  I can be sitting right next to the modem and the phone won't recognize that it's there.  Very annoying.  I mentioned any network..no matter where I am, or how strong the network signal is, it won't find it.  The second big fault is that the phone will randomly restart.  Usually at the most inconvenient time, nearly every day and always related to the notification menu. I give this phone a 3 start because otherwise it works fine.  The camera is ok, best in good lighting.  I use camera fx app over the system app.  My old "dumb" phone had a better camera.  Yes, this phone not the fastest or newest style, or even have the latest OS version.  The phone works fine, as does the text app and many other features.  Battery life is good. I expected it to be just ok.  But overall, it does suit me fine...for now.  All things considered, I won't be getting rid of this thing yet.  It works when I need it to.  Sometimes I leave the wifi off, but have to watch the data usage.  I had considered, early on, to get another one for my boy, but we'll look at other options.

This is a great android phone. and it was a good price on Amazon.  if you have any questions about the phone You Tube is a good resource for learning and reviews.

I loved this phone but needed a cell phone with a cheaper monthly plan. I mostly wanted it for emergency's. Not an everyday phone.

Functions well. Good reception, apps and internet . Signed up for net 10 unlimited service at $45 a month with this phone. Excellent! 4.5

For the price this is all the phone I need....love the size, fits hand well ....has more features than I have time to learn!...So far I have had great service with Net 10

This is a comprehensive review of this phone over the last 5 months:Day 1: Not bad, but off the bat the slower processor is noticeable as there is a slight delay in finger movements. Impressed with the ~2 day battery life.First week: Not a single custom screen protector available from any provider which is a big con because this screen scratches VERY easily. Downloaded a few games, phone cannot process even the low performance needs games properly.1 month later: Phone is beginning to run slightly slower, removed any aftermarket apps and it did not solve the problem.2 months: Phone is unable to remove itself from wifi networks when out of range. Data will not go through at all when it is doing this.3 months: In addition to wifi networks, if I went somewhere where there was no service and return, phone requires a restart to reconnect to a network.4 months: No notification sound for incoming texts or calls occasionally, still no apps installed.5 months: No notification sound nor screen lighting up for texts or calls whatsoever. Restarts make no difference and every possible setting changed and visited every forum for android, straihgttalk, and lg for a solution to no avail.Bottom Line: I am in my mid 20's and am fairly tech savvy, I am able to build computers and understand how they work so I am not someone who doesn't know how to work with technology. The water damage marker is still unblemished and the phone has not been dropped and has been treated very carefully. This is a cheap phone but even so you do not get what you pay for. Not to mention the AWFUL customer service Straighttalk provides. Save the 150 and put a deposit on a decent phone from a legitimate provider.

Bought for my husband, and wish I had bought for myself; this phone does everything you would need it too and a whole lot more.

great phone and features... price was great too... easy to use and has lots of apps. already loaded and extras

Phone itself is very nice. Good quality and works great! The downfall and the only reason I didn't give it  5 stars, is because you have to use Net 10 Service, and they were MISERABLE, RUDE AND TOTALLY DISRESPECTFUL, though be reminded that that is through no fault of the seller nor the manufacturer, LG! If you can find this same phone with a different carrier than Net 10 I would highly recommend it!

I like everything about except dust got under my screen I don't know how to remove it lol but other then that is ok

We bought 2 of these phones with Net10 family plan service.  Wow - for $94 we both get unlimited everything.  Payments come directly out of my checking account every month.  We've had them 6 months now - and NO problems at all - great service, unlimited data, etc., and absolutely no hassle.  The phone is awesome - nice big screen, I watch movies and read books on it all the time.This was so not what I would have expected from a Tracphone company.  I switched from AT&T; and for half the price I was paying before, and NO MORE extra charges or hidden fees. And an awesome phone. I couldn't be happier!The only drawback for me so far is that Hulu Plus doesn't have an android app yet... Still waiting.

I love it for the price... but I upgraded from the LG Optimus Logic (LG35G) and I did actually like the music playing options better on that phone, and the other one came with a nice navigation system, this one does not. BUT I really like the larger screen and for the price I don't think you can beat it, especially for a GSM phone (has a SIM card & goes off of At&t tower, which is what I wanted). I purchased a cheap screen protector and a phone cover from Amazon and it fits decently, making it a little easier & less slippery to hold on to. Over all I am very satisfied with this phone/purchase.

My LG Optimus Android phone started screwing up after a month after I purchased it. I can't view anything in my gallery, take pictures, or send them. This has to be the worst 'smartphone' one could buy.

So far Im happy with the LG, for the money It would be hard to beat. The only down fall is It don't work well with hand's free in the car.

This product came one day after it was said to have been shipped. It was shipped UPS so it came straight to my house instead of making me go to the post office to pick it up. It was packaged nicely and nothing was missing (as is common in the things I purchase). When I purchase my next phone, this will be the first place I look.

Peace of junk...
