
After a long time of shipping and handling I got the phone and came with NO TOUCHSCREEN. Did not say in description that is had no screen

The only problem I had was it is always on roam.  But since Verizon never charges for that feature, it doesn't matter to me I kept it anyway.

very happy with my new phone. Wanted a s5 but didnt want to pay cost and I feel this is just as good.

Awesome product. AAA+++Awesome product. AAA+++This phone is everything everyone gas said, every day you learn something new.You are gonna love this phoneAwesome

I got this phone when I switched from AT&T to Verizon. What a mistake. The Verizon service where I live is spotty at best, and the phone itself makes it that much worse. A few times I have gotten the message "No mobile service available" so I use my wife's LG phone. Some of the features of the S3 seemed quite attractive, which is why I bought it. If you like Android phones, then this one packs all the power you need. It does a lot of stuff quite well, but as a phone, which is supposed to be its primary purpose, it is a loser. One feature I really hate is when I have the screen off I expect it to ignore any pressure on the screen, which it does. But if there is an incoming call then the screen comes on and the stupid thing will start butt dialing if I have it in my pocket. My neighbor across the road has Verizon and an ancient cell phone that works fine. He complains to me when he tries to call that my phone is a piece of junk: "Why don't you get a real phone". For me, I am quite unhappy with both Verizon and Samsung.

I bought this phone to replace my Galaxy III that I already owned my battery was not keeping a charge and the screen was shattered. This phone was better than expected. Great purchase, I would recommend it to anybody.

My wife's Galaxy III phone recently died and was un-repairable. With our contract with Verizon being up in a few months, I just wanted to purchase an inexpensive replacement for her. The phone we purchased from "Custom for All" through Amazon was perfect. It looked better than new. There wasn't a single scratch on it. Took it to Verizon right away to get it set up and the Verizon technician was impressed at the quality for a used phone. The delivery time from "Custom for all" was also great! I would recommend them to anyone! Thanks!

I had no idea I needed a sim card to use this phone. Also I thought it was unlocked and able to use with Page Plus. NOW I have a phone that I can't even use.

I love this phone. It works well.  It is very fast and so far I have no problems at all.  It is a delight compared to my razor m I purchased one year ago.  Night and day difference.

I love the phone! Great condition and works great! It I ssid just what I was looking for in a phone!

It took the TECH almost two hours to turn the phone on. it did not have the ID number in the back of the phone. it would not go back to factory setting. The TECH said that this was a Flashed phone. I don't know what that mean but it did not sound good ;then he started asking me question about the phone Ex. &#34;like where did you get this phone&#34; .how long have you had this phone. I was good I allowed him to work on the phone as he ask the question. It look good the battery life is good for now. It will hold a charge. there is a lot more that I can said about this phone but I will wait I think that I will go will the NEW Samsung Galaxy S V by Verizon.

Excellent!  Phone was exactly as identified and was shipped quickly.

This item was returned and I still have not received any refund or gift certificate. It was an &#34;unlocked&#34; phone and did not say so in the description. Also, it had issues with the camera not working properly

I love this phone. It is a great phone, easy to manage and takes great pics. takes good pics as well.

This is an excellent phone in every way, it came in perfect condition, and there have been no problems with this phone.

I would have used 0 stars but could not.  After inserting my SIM and memory card Phone was locked with no menu and words on screen were in Korean!Received RMA label via Amazon support same day for return...

Works great. No lag. Build quality is better than expect. When it comes time to get a different phone this phone has made me a believer in samsung phone quality.

I purchased this item three months ago. But the board is broken without any reasons now.Only three months of lifetime. An unbelievable thing happened.There is no way to fix it or refund it or replace it...I should throw it away to the trash can now because I cannot repair it due to bad board problems.I am very unhappy with this product.

I loved this phone. Unfortunetly  I fell and broke my phone about a week ago. I was so upset I cried my eyes out. I only had it for about 2 or 3 months but I really liked it. I used it with straight talk service. My only complaint was that I had a lot of people tell me that they had called me and my phone would never ring.

I absolutely love my phone! I got exactly what I wanted and the phone was in mint condition! I got exactly what the description said!

Phone said &#34;new&#34; but when received the battery was used.  Will not keep charge longer than the old phone I got rid of of, disappointed that need to now go buy a battery.

Needed a battery & card

This phone was delivered on time and in the condition promised. It has no scratches or dings and looks brand new. It's completely functional and works on with Verizon. I am totally satisfied with my purchase.

The Phone came right before my birthday, which i desperately needed it to. I was worried because I never ordered something so important, like my phone, used or over the internet, but i was so very happy. It said it was slightly scratched but it looked pretty much brand new. The charger had a short in it but who cares because those things arent very hard to come by anymore so i really didnt care.

volume button donsent work its a major malfunction other than that [hpne is good show signs of wear but good product

You'll need to buy a SIM card if you use Verizon.  Sometimes it's better to buy this phone and just go to a corporate Verizon store and have them put the SIM card in when you get it activated.  Chances are you'll have to go to that store to get the phone activated anyway.The phone I bought here on AMAZON didn't have the SIM card, just an empty slot.You'll want to buy a SD micro memory card if you don't have one already.  I recommend at least 16 GB if not 32 GB.  The phone I bought here on AMAZON didn't have the SD micro memory card, just an empty slot.This is a fairly bare bones purchase option.  You're still going to want to buy an Otter Box Defender series (or equivalent) type case.  You'll want either that or a silicone slip cover for it, and screen protector sheets.  The phone is seriously thin, and tough for big guy hands to hang onto.  You might want a stylus if you text a lot.You get the phone, a battery, a charger, a USB data cable, and that's about it.  If you want the manual, go online to Verizon or to Samsung websites.I had the Samsung Galaxy S4 (next size up) and didn't like it because it is so big; I may as well carry a tablet or laptop.  I have also had the Samsung Continuum (which is the very first Galaxy class).  The Continuum is reminiscent of the banana phone early cell phones, and has an inadequate camera, plus a very small screen.  The Samsung Galaxy S III is a great bridge between, the 8 megapixel main camera is far superior to the Continuum (5 megapixel), but not quite as benchmark as the Galaxy S4 which has a 13 megapixel main camera.  The S III  and S4 have front cameras for webcam style video communication (not much difference between the S III and S4 front cameras - 2 megapixel or less).I like the Samsung Galaxy S III and consider it to be easier to use than the Samsung Continuum, however, this AMAZON listing would have had happier customers who bought here, if AMAZON mentioned that purchasers still need to buy the SD micro memory chip and be prepared to get their own SIM chip for this phone.

I received the phone faster than they said and it was in near perfect condition. It is working GREAT! VERY HAPPY!!

Looks and works great. I am very happy with my new phone. The colors and sound clarity are awesome. Thank you !!!

i love it and works like it is new

After a lot of research I knew I wanted a Galaxy S3. The only problem was I have an unlimited data plan and so I needed to buy the phone. The phone was advertised in very good condition and it sure was! I am very, very happy!

Sometimes it has problems with the back ground. Then you have to turn it off and back on before it works right again.  It has nothing to do with the seller though.  just a known problem with that phone.

Very happy with this phone. It's a huge upgrade from my old I-phone. Love having expandable memory and being free from Apples control over everything.

the phone came in good time and seemed in good condition, but once the phone was on it has ALOT of technical problems and i'll probably have to get a different phone. The screen locks while im using it, &#34;phone options&#34; pops us a couple times every minute which is very annoying and above all the battery doesn't last a full or even half a day. I thought i could work around the problems but really if i wasn't in need of a phone now i would return it cause its more of a hassle then good.

This was a refurbished phone, but it seems brand new to me (and to my daughter who received it as a gift)!  Top notch everything-from ease of ordering, shipping, price, to quality of product!

The phones worked great once I found a place to buy a Verizon sd card. When I first received the phones neither one of them would even do anything without the verizon card in the back of it. By the time I bought the phones and paid for the verizon cards, which you can not purchase at verizon I had spent over 500.00. The phones actually work great, but I wish I would have known about the missing Verizon card in the description of the phone.

I was scared to make this large price purchase but I should not have been! This is the best phone I have ever had!! And Verizon recognizes it as a brand new phone and covered it immediately on my insurance! Great experience!

I just bought this phone not long ago and its already quit on me im really upset .. don't know what to do

I bought this phone to replace my daughter's that had been damaged. She previously had the Samsung Galaxy SIII and liked it so much that she wanted an exact replacement for it.

Text message auto recognition program does not work very good, type in 3-4 characters and it still does not recognize the word,  over 50% of the time you have to type out the entire word...what a bore.

I had never purchased a used phone before and was a little concerned about purchasing it but after my son lost his phone I thought I would give it a try.  Works well.  Had a tiny scratch on the shell but other than that it was in great shape.

I was stuck in a contract with Verizon with a phone I hated so I bought this phone.  I love it!  It works wonderfully.  The only issue is battery life, which is an issue with any Android phone.  Aside from that, this is a wonderful phone.

EXCELENT

Having spent over five hours between Tracfone, Samsung and Verizon trying to get this activated with Tracfone. Samsung stated Verizon should unlock a no contract phone. Verizon has refused. I will be returning this and look for a contracted S4. What little I did get to do with the phone was impressive compared to my Samsung Centura Tracfone.I have not been pleased with any Tracfones I have purchased. It seems you get what you pay for when it comes to cell phones and services.

Awsome

I particularly like the feature that silences notification and calls during certain hours unless from specified people. Since my phone used to bing all night from random emails or being tagged or someone responding to a thread, I particularly love this feature!

I purchased phone used. It arrived fast & in great condition. 100% functional.Have been using for over two months. Its the best phone I have owned yet. Hardly ever crashes or freezes and throughput speed is excellent. Works & connects even when signal is weak.

I got this phone from BB-123, and it is fantastic.  Customer Service was awesome, shipping was quick and fantastic and the phone itsself is flawless....  I have been a strong &#34;Apple&#34; supporter, but I love this Samsung phone...I would strongly recommend this seller to anyone, they were so great and easy to deal with...I love it!

You would have think a child banged up this phone. The software is already glitches up on me, and the phone just does the most abstract things when you don't even mess with it (like dropping signal when you're at a great place for signal) or showing up error messages that dont apply to what you're doing. Also leaves things running on my screen that won't go away unless I restart the phone.  The shipping was ridiculous,  it shipped from California yes, but it continued to be shipped around California for a whole day. Why didn't you just get it out to my address? That was quite frustrating. You pay for something and they delay it like that.

My phone was recently stolen so I decided to purchase a new one.  MobileKarma not only had the best price on the S3, they shipped it very quickly.  When it arrived, I noticed the back was a little bent and the charger didn't work.  I emailed them and the following day they emailed me back to inform me that they would bs shipping me replacements.  I would definitely recommend them to anyone looking to buy a refurbished phone.

Good condition, did have a small crack in the plastic when bought refurbished, but overall a good value and good condition phone.

Was great.  Will purchase future phones this was=y.

Good product delivered on time.

It didnt work 2 days after I got it and the battery never charges even when it's on the charger.

I've had this phone for a month and it's perfect for me. I love it! No probelm or anything with it!

Good quality phone. Had to replace the battery. It was an added expense. Overall  it is in good shape. Im pleased

Great phone. Love it. Can do a lot more with this phone than my previous one. Android phones are the best.

It was everything I was hoping it be. The quality is perfect.

I gave this rating because I received my galaxy s III promptly. I was relieved I wasn't scammed..it was brand new and everything original and at an awesome price...would definitely recommend this phone!
