
IT IS NOT USA phone. Nokia-USA WOUND'T honor the warranty.My phone lost signal after 4 months of use. Contact seller, seller sent me to Nokia. After a lengthily chat with Nokia, Nokia rep informed me that my Nokia 920 IS NOT an US variant and NOT under USA warranty.Now I don't know what to do with my DEAD phone!!!???

yes....so after i had to Paid $90 to UNLOCK what was supposed to be  a factory unlocked phone ( which was also AT&T; Branded )it seems to work great so the phone itself i highly recommend ....as for the seller PHONE MAX please dont buy from them they are dishonest and misleading !!! after paying almost $500 USD i had to pay to unlock the phone after it arrived since it was locked to AT&T; !!! Terrible

I have been a proud owner of the Nokia Lumia 4 months now. It now refuses to boot up... it is on the bomb. Two Spinning gears. Don't know what to do.I have tried everything suggested online. It seems as though this is a common problem with the lumia. How do I get this resolved? I love and want my phone. It has stopped working 4 days now.

Great phone, easy to use. But it still have some problems. The machine is a little bit hot when you play game or use the Internet.

All smart phone has issues but sometimes even the seller cannot help as they have no idea about it and they depend on others to give u info which is time consuming and annoying. The phone got hanged few times but seller didnt know, couldnt help much.Googled and found the answer how to reset the phone. The phone is just awesome. Better than iphone as i used iphone 4s

Who is writing these five star reviews? Don't place much stock in them. Nobody who has spent significant time with this phone and this operating system could sincerely find this set up to be perfection. It isn't. It's not that I don't love this phone. I really do, but it has flaws, some of them glaring. This phone will amaze you. It will also annoy the heck out of you. Sometimes both in the same minute.First of all. The phone is beautiful. It's like holding a luxurious shiny candy shell filled with a luminescent pool of pure clear liquid. The display is superior to anything else out there. It's stunning and vibrant, with rich, warm color.  Even if you have a pad device you might actually choose to watch videos on your phone. The viewing experience is just that pleasurable. The onboard speakers are pretty decent too, better than iPhone. Headphones sound better than on the iPhone as well. However, you're going to have to shop far and wide to find headphones whose controls are fully functional with this phone. If you do find some good ones let me know.So this is an LTE phone. It it just me or does LTE seem inexplicably slower than 4G? AT&T; pushed me into switching data plans, and I thought it would be faster. So far disappointed in that. LTE connection is also spottier. Now I can't tell if its the LTE plan or if this phone somehow manages to burn through more data doing exactly the same activities that I did on my iPhone. Burning through 5G alarmingly fast. This could be a problem. AT&T; forces you to drop your unlimited plan to be able to use the phone as a wifi hotspot. With the iPhone that didn't seem to e a problem.Battery lifespan is deficient. And there's no way to see what is chewing up battery life. This phone needs a means to close specific apps and it does not have that. Also, the wireless charger is neat, but nothing more than a novelty item. It charges only minimally through a case so you have to take your case off to use it. It is a slow slow charge. Once your battery gets below 10% you really need to plug it into an outlet or go drive in your car. The car charges this phone the fastest by far. There was one time I placed the phone on the wireless charger and the continuous low battery notifications were draining the battery faster than it could charge. Absurd right? I had to restart the phone to shut up the notifications. Weird glitchy thing there, only happened once though.Speaking of the car, you know how you just plugged your iPhone into the USB port and out came gorgeous digital sound with songs info on the display panel? Yeah, kiss that goodbye. You have to go buy an auxiliary jack. This is a Nokia phone shortcoming, and it totally sucks balls. I hate having to settle for hissy aux sound. You also can't control the music from your steering wheel, just volume. That because every danged gizmo on the market is designed for iPhone. Don't even get me started.The app selection is lacking. I do expect that progress will be made but its not even close to being satisfactory. The major apps have mostly watery, less functional versions of their iPhone counterparts. Even ubiquitous apps like Twitter and Facebook just aren't up to snuff. Spotify doesn't have a radio playlist function on the windows phone app, and that is just inexcusable. The selection of games is disappointing but what is there is just so awesome. I got Angry Birds for free, Pop Cats, Treasures of Montezuma and Bejeweled live. Playing games on this phone is so much fun thanks to the big bright display. The phone controls feel better and more natural in your hand. I think it's fair to say that the few apps that have taken full advantage of this system are just beautiful. NBC News has a lovely app. Flixster is so pretty. ESPN Hub is nice, but I hate it that they have zero women's sports to follow. The potential to make apps that are far more visually appealing than what other phones can do justice to is totally there.What IS there and even superior is full integration of social media. At a glance you can see what your FB friends and Tweeps have been up to. You can add your favorite people to various group rooms so their activity doesn't get lost in the clutter. You can Also make family rooms to add things like pictures, messages and grocery lists that are shared only with room members. You can even make a social event of weather by adding your friends locations to the Weather Channel app. Cool. I've heard complaints about lack of notifications but haven't found this lacking in any way. There is a Me tile that collects all your notifications . I love that feature. It would be nice if the Me and People spaces had all the same functions as the apps themselves. For instance, you can't &#34;like&#34; FB replies or see all the Twitter replies.Also an awesome feature, connecting and sharing content with XBox. The smart glass is nothing more than a cheesy remote that doesn't even turn on XBox,but you can have your avatar on your phone and work on your gamerscore while you're out and about. Sweet. It's handy to make playlists on XBox music and use them on the phone later.windowsphone.com really grew on me once my first Lumia 920 bricked. Yep, after three days the original cyan model got super hot one day and inexplicably went stone cold dead the next day. AT&T; was good about replacing it. I ordered online but was able to return the phone at a store where I exchanged it for a white model that I like better anyway. The white glossy phone feels different in construct to the matte phones. It feels more solid. It slipped out of my hand and whomped hard onto my painted deck.  Chipped the deck, but once I rubbed off the red paint the phone was unscathed. I got a case anyway because the phone will slide out of your hand or slide off of a surface at some point. At any rate, the windows phone version of cloud is accessible and interactive, a refreshing change from iPhone cloud. I was able to restore my contacts, photos and apps with no problem. The back up seemed to be even too hasty to get my deleted pictures into the cloud. Embarrassing!Text editing on the phone is the best. It's easier to select and copy text. The predictive word feature is nifty. You type in &#34;happy&#34; and the bar above the keyboard suggests that the next word you might want is &#34;birthday&#34; or &#34;day.&#34; It's a great way to save time typing in pronouns, conjunctions and the like.Tap and hold is a very useful feature. This makes it easy to scroll through long lists of apps and a huge music library because if you tap on A the whole alphabet pops up. It's much better than trying to tap the microscopic alphabet on the side of the iPhone keyboard. Also, you can tap and hold the back button to see what you've looked at, and tap and hold many images within the pages to bring up available actions.Live tile is deservedly praised. It's superior in every way. You can size the tiles to emphasize what looks best, or what you like best. Updates show up on the tiles. I love it that you don't have to accumulate all those stupid pages and figure out where an app has decided to install itself. You can add as much or as little as you like to the home screen because one swipe over will take you to your alphabetical list of apps. The letters above the apps don't appear until after you have installed a certain number of apps. The whole thing is so well done.IDK how people test the iPhone 5 camera to be superior. This camera is the bees knees. The low light pics are superb. I have a black dog that I could never capture satisfactorily on iPhones, but this camera has made that dog photogenic. The colors are more authentic to how the eye sees them. Well, maybe slightly bluer. The wide assortment of filter apps you can plug in prior to shooting is sheer genius. Blink is great for pets and children.The Office programs are so so. Not horrible but not especially worthy either. Seems like a way to view and make minor edits to docs. Apples's Pages, by contrast offers everything to originate a spectacular document. No comparison.There is no equivalent mailbox to iPhone. You can add as many accounts as you like though. Not everybody likes having separate mailboxes. I do. You can place your mail tiles together on the home screen. I have four mail squares nestled together to form a bigger square. I like being able to see how many emails have arrived in each mailbox.People have griped about not having Google Maps. No clue why. This phone has world class GPS functions. That's Nokia, and they really do this well. You can get directions and maps from Nokia's Here navigator, or use the AT&T; GPS that will also help you route around traffic. You can see how fast you're going and how far you've gone. Good stuff.This is a phone where you won't get enough out of it if you don't take the time read the advice and tips Microsoft sends, or watch the various YouTube demos. Yet it's not a  tetchy or overly complex system. It's just different. I find those differences to be mostly good. The phone is aesthetically pleasing and satisfying to hold. Once you work out the system, it's a delightful happy experience to use the phone. When surfers talk about &#34;tasty waves&#34; it's kinda like that. This phone just has a bigger, better flavor. I hope Windows Phone catches on. It's worth keeping, and it does make the iPhone feel a bit frosty and old school by comparison.

It is by far the best phone i ever had. i had tried blackberry, android and IOS. The interface is clean and modern. I showed it to a couple of my friends and they were all amused by it. I LOVE IT.

the phone works well,but there is no instructor in the box. Also there is an at&t brand on the photo

I just switched to this phone and I absolutely love it, I was afraid it would have tons of compatibility issues but happily it is not the case, I sync my itunes songs without any problem and the pictures it takes are stunning. About the lack of apps hype out there I have to say I haven't gotten any problem finding an app for any particular thing I need... if there's not an app I used to have in IOs there is an equivalent.

Got hot in my hands really fast. Felt bulky in my hands

First of all I must give extra credit to on the go solutions who delivered my phone in record timeAnd in fact are one of the few sellers who have international factoryUnlocked phone unlike other sellers who false advertise and you receive an at&t;Unlocked and branded phone.Secondly I really love this phone and would recommend it to everyone, great cameraNice apps... I don't regret my purchase

I got mine from Wireless Circle (though they don't seem to be in the seller's list anymore). I got it very promptly and in good condition  (with accessories). Phone and interface looks good and works well so far. It did hang up once during a game of jewel-something or other. The search button on the bottom right gets annoying at times as I would accidentally hit it while handling. It did well with updates and battery life improved in the time I've had it (about a couple of weeks now). Will update later on if something is wrong with it.

This cellphone is excellent. Nokia always hits the ball out of the park. Great features and a lot of new gadgets.

Easy to use Windows operating system. Great speaker phone and camera.Long battery life. I like everything about it.  The buttons are placed so you don't accidentally hit one.

I really don't want to be a fan because Windows Phone 8 doesn't have all of the apps that my android had.  However, since there is now an official Starbucks app, I am a much bigger fan.  The games that I have downloaded run smoothly and load quickly and the phone has not locked up since I got it.  Also, this phone is heavy and the weight is a sign of reliability.  I am 6'3&#34; and dropped it from my ear to the parking lot without a case, and there is only a small dent and scratch on the phone where it hit.

Though i contacted the seller prior to purchase and made sure that he knew that i wanted the RM-821 factory unlocked , what i recived was a software unlocked RM-821 (the phone comes from the far East , my guess is Tiwan).By the time the phone started acting up , it was too late , i filed a complain and it was rejected by the seller , then i filed and A-Z gurantee claim and it was rejected by Amazon.I will simplu never deal with the buyer and will think many times before i buy a cell phone from Amazon again

Before I placed this order with Nokia Lumia 920, I was struggling between this phone and iPhone 5. I went to AT&T several time to just ensure this is the right phone for me. And I am so happy to have this phone because it fits my big hand, working well with T=mobile, and all functions from Windows 8 are really working for my needs....Plus, this phone also works in Taiwan! Love it~

Very good device. I like the bundled Nokia apps. Data sense really helps keep your data usage under control. The Xbox music app is a superior music store option as well. Phone looks beautiful and turns heads. Overall a great phone with a growing app ecosystem. Only downside is that some apps like epocrates and medscape.

I happen to own an AT&T; lumia 900 after I had the unlock code given by AT&T; last October 8, 2012  but soon I realized that while the screen is crisp, a lot of the screen remained unused until the day I got the windows 7.8 last January 31, 2013. The experience dramatically changed for the better with the resizeable tiles of the windows phone 8 format. I decided against buying an AT&T; locked phone because even when it has been unlocked, the hotspot function remains disabled (Disabled by AT&T;) and therefore can't be shared. There is no WCDMA-only network choice hence, so much of my connection is 2G or Edge which is so disappointingly slow. This limited connectivity held me back from upgrading to the newer lumia 920 but, I soon discovered that you can actually commit network connectivity to 3g only (equivalent to WCDMA-only) by dialing ##3282#. After that discovery, it did not take me long to get the upgraded Lumia 920. So much for the introduction I found the following positives for this Nokia lumia 920 vs 900.1. Fast response and buttery smooth operation.2. Resizeable tiles and fonts are really nice.3. The camera is heaven and earth different and much much better compared to older lumia 900.4. 3G-only connectivity can be set by dialing ##3282 on windows phone 8.5. The charging port is now below rather than on top...I love it!6. Nice crisp screen.7. Built-in wallet App is really cool. By putting your card name number, security code and expiry, it  automatically identifies your billing information and address. This is now readily available to purchase Apps.8. Whilie there maybe Apps missing windows 8 makes it easy to pin sites making it handy for access from the screen.This is my fourth generation windows phone and after having used Samsung Galaxy Nexus as my second phone as I normally carry two rather than just one, I eventually gravitated back to windows phone after I discovered how to dedicate network connectivity to 3G only. If only people will give it a shot, it is a very nice and capable OS.......if microsoft will succeed in integrating the windows market place for windows phone 8 Apps  that are  compatible with windows 8 PC OS, it will really become a force to reckon with in the future!!!I believe that the future is great for windows to shine down the road!!!

I absolutely love my Nokia. I was considering 920 versus 1040.  I found this one was over a hundred dollars cheaper than the Microsoft store AND unlocked.  When it arrived it had Italian on the box.  At first I could not get it to work, but after a bit it did, so great.  Inside the phone you can change the regional settings so that it is no longer in Italian (that way your alarms do not show up in Italian).  I changed the charger, the USB charger was a European one with an adapter, but I used a charger that you can just insert your USB into it directly without the adapter and it seems to be working great now.  I love my Nokia 920 camera, I don't think I would have used the 1040 size so much and would have been sad if it used all my storage.  So for now I am just pleased with it.  I was able to get a cover that was cyan, so in the end it looks like one of the colored ones instead of white.  Yea!  I was reluctant when it first arrived, but I got it going and now it's lovely thank goodness!

Very good hardware. Software and operating system leave much to be desired (lack of apps, very low update rate of the apps that do exist) overall the phone is recommended but gives the impression of an unpolished product

I dislike this phone completely due to the fact that the first time I used it, it could not be charged again. All attempts to fix the problems proved abortive. I called the company that sold it to me, they never find solution to the problem and I was referred to Nokia company. Guess what!! Nokia company said, when I contact them, that he phone suppose not to be sold in the USA and that was why it has no warranty. Worth a bad excuse.Overall, I will never dream of using Nokia Lumia 920, instead, I would rather continue using Galaxy S4.

The shipment and the  packaging is suck!!! And I received a RM-820 ATT unlocked phone with screen scratch. The seller is not honest. I have no choice. My old phone is broken. That's why I do not return it. Remember!! YOU ARE A LIAR! I will never go back to your store.

is this phone works in china? or it works with any simcard  in china. that's the only thing im concern about

it fits well in my hands easy to use, easy for manipulate y like nokia productos and the software by windows

I give it 3 stars because it does not come free because it brings manufactures logo 3.it which I find quite annoying, I had to make some changes to the system. Regarding Windows Phone and Nokia hardware, just perfect, I can have several applications open and the system still does not use memory like, sounds good optimized

advantages:1. great camera,especially in scenery. 2.simiple WP system 3.very fast download speeddisadvantages:1.too heavy for girls  2. plastic casing, easily get damaged

Brand new phone with good quality!Windows 8 is a great OS. Fast and easy to use. But more apps needed.

I bought this phone for my son.  He loves it, camera works great and because it's a windows phone, he can access all his school assignments on it.

I love it... It kooks great. Apps I found what I needed. The look and feel it is nice and the fact that Nokia sent the charger of the same color as the phone I think it was a nice detail.My regrets, it is a bit heavy. Camara it isn't that good. Although the phone comes with a lot of &#34;lenses apps&#34; to improve it, I would prefer those were built in.

I really like this phone especially because of the windows  but it's came with mamy problems such as the microphone which wasn't working correctly. I had to put the speaker to talk with people. It used to get hot too when I was talking and I had to plugged it everyday... very nice design too but I used it just for 3 days and asked for a return... I saw on some forum that it a recurrent problem with this phone and many others nokia lumia such as the 925, 1020...

On the go Solution is not a reliable vendor to buy from. First, they were out of stock of my Nokia Lumia White phone. When I did not see my delivery on route, I contacted them. They said if I wanted a refund? I said I want the phone. With Amazon's help they shipped my phone overnight. However, the phone battery died and did not recharge 2 days later after I got the phone. Now they said it must be faulty phone.Since I left the phone at home I cannot even return the phone until I return home from my trip. They requested to update my negative feedback so they might consider my refund. I updated my refund.Today they told me that the manager cannot refund my money. It is the company policy. I payed $340 for this thing and they cannot refund me. I contacted Amazon. Hope they will do something about it. DO NOT BUY ANYTHING FROM ON THE GO SOLUTIONS. Not only they wasted my money but also my time and effort. So disappointing.

Great features but this phone freezes every other hour. Really frustrating

Excellent product! No companies (AT&t;) brand on it! everithing works! the only issue I have was that the phone was in arabic letter, so takes me a wile to figure out how to change it.Everithing was in the box CHARGER, HEADPHONES..Thanks

Excellent device, perfect design and premium materials, with the good quality build Nokia is known for. I'm a big fan of windows phone, despite the imperfections.

I've had this phone for a few days now, so I'll share my early impressions.  I've owned several smart phones in the last 4 years from different makers and running different OS.  This is BY FAR the best one I've owned.  First impressions:1. The camera and video functions are outstanding.  Best quality on a phone I've seen.2. Personalizing the home screen was super-easy. I organized the tiles, apps, and colors exactly how I wanted them.3. I found the apps I use most in the store and install was easy.4. I really like the skydrive connection. Having my pictures auto-upload over the data plan or WI-FI is a nice option.5. OS performance is snappy. I've not run into any lag or stuttering.  Switching apps is fast.6. I watched some TV shows via the YouTube app and it was awesome.  Watched in full HD over 4G. I know I'll be using that app a lot.7. The battery life has been solid so far.  In the first few days I had several phone calls, downloads, pictures, video, and watching videos.  In that time I ran about 32 hours on a charge.  Any time I get 24 hours + I'm happy.8. The wireless charging is super-cool.9. The physical design of the phone is nice.  It feels solid, but not heavy in my hand.Very happy with this phone.  I don't see myself looking at any other device for at least a year.

The Nokia Lumia 920 is a great mobile. It works very good in Brazil and I don't have any problem with this.

Overall is a great phone. Offers great interface. Nice in design. the screen is big, but one has to be careful while typing. it mixes the letters. The 65% is great and works wonders. I love the phone.But the few next things don't work well:Also one cannot forward SMS text to another contact.One cannot rename the taken pictures on the phone.The Share Point does not work - it did work on my E7 Nokia.One cannot upload pictures to Facebook and some other social networks through web browser.Silverlight does not work on WP8.No differentiating the folders.It does not have a drop-down window for shortcut conection to WiFi, GPRS, Mute and Bluetooth.No speed-dial form the number - one has to upload on screen the Speed dial numbers.There are some other few things, but with the update I think will be fixed?!!!

I purchased a phone from this company. Worst mistake ever! When I removed the phone from the box and turned it on, the screen came alive in Arabic. The charger was for use in Europe, not North America. There was no contact information in the box or the invoice so I looked up the company on Google. Their website gave a phone number which I called. The guy who answered the phone was less than helpful and told me to contact Amazon. I called Amazon, they told me to contact the seller. There I sat with an Arabic phone that I had no idea what to do with. I called Nokia. There tech took almost an hour to solve the problem and then it was more luck than skill. Finally changed the language to English and proceeded to setup the phone and then remove all of the Arabic apps and links. The phone worked fine for three days and then started freezing up. Again less than no help from the seller. I am returning the phone to them and have purchased a replacement from another seller through Amazon. Only being a good Amazon customer has saved this bad experience.

It is easy to use and the gps system is so nice and has a lot of detail. You tube is good. Netflix is fine to watch. I like it very much.

The phone i received earlier than i was expected,it is as described RM 821 factory unlocked.This is why i gave it five stars.I am 100% satisfied.

If you used windows phone before and like it..this phone is good, If you are bias about iPhone or android you may not like this phone. But overall quality and features are good. This phone is basically a flip phone with a screen. Don't have too big of expectations with this phone.

My expectations from a smartphone are it's diff look n feel, excellent imaging, offline 3d maps for navigation, reliable OS and updates, original ways to check my docs, bombarding music and a cool gaming experience for which I chose my Lumia 920 with windows 8 and x box compatible.  More than this, I was thrilled more with the cool live tiles which is mind blowing.

I absolutely love this phone. I ordered it new and received it in mint condition. This phone is great to use if you're having to write several essays or if you use an Xbox and want to be able to gain achievements while away from home. I did receive it brand new so at first the phone appeared to be glitchy, but after I installed 4 rounds of updates it has worked flawlessly. This is a European version of the phone which I believe is set in French as the default language. Also, the charger that is supplied with the phone is made for a Europe outlet and it has an adapter piece that will allow you to use it in the US.I'm very pleased with this purchase.

Awesome phone with a great price tag! Nice build quality and look and feel. Slightly heavy though but love the phone.

I switched to Windows Phone a year ago after several years on iOS mostly due to being tired of Apple's platform. Now, after upgrading to the Lumia 920 I am extremely happy with it. A very smart phone and a great phone camera in one. There has been a lot of talk about the weight of the Lumia, but at least for me it feels substantial enough without being in any way heavy and at the same time very easy to operate with one hand.

Dont buy it, This is not RM-821 version. This is RM-820. Also I am not sure if it will work in India as it comes with Movistar carrier. Never thought Amazon sells such wrong products.

This phone is perfect for my needs. The camera is really nice, the battery is not the best, just ok. This phone is really the version RM-821, it comes from Itally and works fine with TMobile and my Brazilian Vivo chip.

This phone is amazing, very good, fast, does not crash, delighted with his camera, high sound quality, poor battery life, but like any high end phone, recommended 100%

now i have to think a lot when ordering phone from amazon;the packet says at&t white; inside accessories white ;phone black;look like somebody in wharehouse swapped their used  phone. i do a lot of shopping with amazon and newegg; i think electronics better with newegg

Everything about this device makes me smile ...great handset feature rich and camera is second to none its a must for all windows OS users

I was a little cautious to get this cause last time I had a windows phone, it was AWFUL!!! (htc touch pro 2) I've had an iphone and a samsung vibrant before also, so I thought I'd dip my toe into this phone cause it got so many great reviews.Pros:1. It's unbelievably solid! It feels expensive, it feels indestructible, and feels amazing in your hand. Like you know it won't break easily like other phones.2. It's faster than I expected. Internet connection is very fast. Very responsive, hasn't glitched out on me yet, and faster than my friend's iphone 5 &lt;--That's a really big deal!3. User Interface/User Experience is great. It doesn't lag when you have other apps open. It's smooth and isn't overburdened with unnecessary features. I love the live tiles! It's unique, something different for once. I like how you can customize these tiles ANY WAY you want.4. The camera takes amazing pictures as you'd expect. Low light pics are astounding! Some night shots I took almost looked like it was taken during the day! Best phone camera I've ever used!5. Features like Here City Lens, Cinemagraph, and Nokia Music. Now I don't use these apps much, but I've only used them to show off to my friends pretty much. They are very unique and everyone I showed them to were amazed (except my friend who's a die hard Apple user haha).6. It's a really good looking phone. I personally don't think it's too heavy or big. It just is a great looking phone front to back. Sometimes I just stare at it for no reason like a weirdo. Hah.Cons:1. Battery life is DECENT, but not as great as you'd expect or want. I do use it a lot during the day (internet, social media, texting), so I wish it was a little better in that area.2. The package it came in was sub-par. If I'm spending $500, I want better packaging. The box was fine, but the phone came in a weird saran wrap bag or something. No scratches, but still. Also I live in Michigan, so I speak English. The phone's factory settings came in Chinese! Everything was in Chinese. Chinese! I looked inside the instruction manual to see how I can change the language. The instruction manual was in Chinese! I had to go online to figure it out. That's something I shouldn't have to do. This isn't really a con about the phone, just be prepared for that possibly.3. Bluetooth is strange. It pairs with a device, then disconnects for some reason. Tried with multiple phones and it does the same thing. I use bluetooth connectivity once in a blue moon, so I don't care about that at all. But other people seem to care about that. So yeah, there's that.4. APPS! AND INSTAGRAM! App selection is okay. But compare it to Apple or Android, it seems anorexic. And STILL no instagram :(. They have some alternate versions like itsdagram which is kinda cool, but I want the real thing! App selection needs improvement for sure.Ok so that's my 2 cents on this phone. If anything changes, I'll update this. Also, read these reviews carefully people! Some of the reviews on here are invalid. Knocking off 3 stars cause it's RM 820 and not 821? Really? And some reviews said this doesn't come unlocked? Or has the at&t; logo? Not the one I got. This one came exactly as it said above.Overall, if you're thinking about getting this phone, I definitely recommend it! It's worth the money. The pros outweigh the cons by a wide margin. I'd give it a 4.5/5 stars. It's different, try something new. A couple friends advised me not to get it cause it's a windows phone, but this is actually better than their phones (so far). Out of all the people I've shown this to, 2 people hated it. One of em hates it cause it looks too different(he also has an iphone). The other guy who hates it has had iphones/macs/ipads his entire life. He lives and dies by Apple. He'll trash anything that's not Apple. So his opinion is not valid. Haha. Ok I hope you guys enjoyed my overly long review.UPDATE 4/16/2014: So I've had this phone for about a year now. Thought I'd update this. I'm sure no one's even looking at this, cause this phone's old news now haha. Anyway, this phone held up ridiculously well over this past year. Durability is still amazing. I stopped using a screen protector and phone case for months and still has no damage to the phone, even though I dropped it a million times. A few scratches here and there, but not too noticeable. This phone is simply amazing. The apps have gotten a lot better, so I give this phone a 5/5 stars (I previously gave it 4.5/5). Overall, I think I'm gonna stay with the Lumia family for the next few years. Hopefully get their newest phones. If you actually read this, you're awesome. Stay awesome ;)

The product is amazing.  However, the title and specifications is for a RM-821, which is the international version.  The seller Tailwind International dispatched a RM-820 from Rogers Canada.  I came back to my country and will not have time for return.  It seems it works but I dont understand why Amazon and this company are providing a different thing that what was advertised.  This is the first time something like this happen to me in Amazon.

Although WP does't have much users compared with Apple and Android phones, this Nokia Lumia 920 is great one. All the customized apps from Nokia are useful and the apps switches are really smooth, fast, and accurate. If there is anything bad about this phone, I would say the weight and the size. It is not easy to put into jean pant pockets. To sum up, I have it for almost a month and have no problem with this phone so far. Everything works perfectly!

The phone was bricked the first day. As soon as i got the phone, tried to start the camera, would not start up, so connected it to WIFI and ran the Nokia update, hoping it was a software issue.Phone did not boot up after that (Reaches the Nokia screen and switches off )Soft reset, hard reset did not help.. So back it goes

I bought from &#34; VoltageStore&#34; . NEW! $590.00 No warranty since it's not sell in U.S.The phone comes from Abra, which is kinda weird for me, but I successfully set up my language.Some people doubt if the phone comes from factory, you may check online Nokia.com with the code that is on the box.The phone I bought from this store is RM 821 unlocked. The price is a little higher than other sellers. Amazon didn't do a good job on packing the phone. Not in a box, but in a yellow paper bag. :(The phone is very wonderful. I use my bf's G-phone4 Nexus LG, the picture quality makes a big difference. Nokia does a great job, everything at night looks very clear. I can see my finger tip clearly when I take a close picture. Carl Zeiss is very great!The phone runs faster than iPhone. Glad, I wouldn't be like &#34;other apple people&#34;,they are the same. I like to be special. :)Plus, iphone is easy to break. haha.The sound quality may not as good as apple. maybe because of the headphone.I trust Nokia.The only weird thing that happens is that the calendar shows up Arabian even if i type in Chinese. It changes to Arabian when I see the table calendar. However, when I click it, it shows Chinese.

do not buy this phone its fake

Hi , i bought this nokia, and i had problems with the led flash, i don't know if i have a garanty or what can i do. I bought this on 31 august 2013. I thank you and await your reply.

Not sure if it's my service (T-Mobile US) or if it's the device itself, but this 920 has some issues receiving texts, which my old 920 did not have. Either way, great device, highly recommend.

This phone meets all of my expectations.. If you're a person who simply needs to use Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, Email, a browser and a good camera, then this phone is for you.. There's a good variety of apps since windows has been updated but the core apps are there which is a plus...Weight may be an issue for some people, but if you are clumsy when it comes to phones the weight won't bother you because of that nice thick gorilla glass that won't crack or scratch easily.I have been using this phone since January and have no issues with it to date. There are all sorts of accessories on the market for this handset, the color profiles make it easy to switch by your mood and it's wireless charging feature is the best.Overall this is a powerful device!

I have purchased Nokia Lumia 920 from this seller around 4 months back, it seems to be fine till 2 weeks back. Suddenly touch of phone become unresponsive, when I contacted nokia for repair, they said it is not warranted in US and they can't repair it. When I contacted this seller, I didn't get any reply. They are selling the products that are not intended to be sold US market. I filled case with Amazon but they are also asking me to get a letter from nokia even though I provided all the proofs. It is just a severe waste of money, never buy from this seller. If there a place to give a rating less than 1, i could have given in negatives. Beware of this fraud...

You have to like Windows 8, or odds are you won't like this phone. Because it's all based on Windows 8, just vertically. I feel safe having this solid piece in my hand It's just a screen built in to this massive, but thin and light, box.The network only works as good as the one your on. What I mean by that is Verizon, AT&T;, Sprint, etc. (Phone calls, internet speed, etc)The screen is THICK and difficult to break, but doesn't really stick out at all. Like I said, it's like a beast, but it's not like having a massive Defender OtterBox case on it. Also, the speaker is LOUD and CLEAR. You can't miss this phone ringing if you have it all the way up. Camera is great, especially with built-in apps, but the flash just, stopped working. It's frustrating for not just pictures, but the flashlight as well.I got this phone unlocked, but it was from Italy, so the warranty is only available there. I also had to follow a guide on how to change the language to English, as it was all in Italian at start-up.

Can I change the system language to chinese by myself as iphone or windows 8? Because my friend like it very much, if it can, I wana buy more for them.

The hardware is very good but windows phone not yet good as IOS or Android. Thinks like call ID is very poor .

Cant send business card......so i have to write a number down then type it  as a text and send.You cant send or forward a message you received on whatsapp to a normal sms for a person who doesnt have whatsapp. The buttons on keyboard are too small especially when the phone is on vertical mode. It takes time for the phone to switch to horizontal mode....I have always been a diehard nokia fan......but tis is the worst nokia phone.......i wonder if i can trade in for samsung..

simply the best phone .... stylish, comfortable, very, very good easy to use design congratulations to the people of NOKIA ... phone 100% recommended.

This phone looks beautiful, feels great, and is just a great performer. The store is a little under developed. However, this does not harm the rating of this phone. The software is designed to be so smoothie that using it is really fun. Buy it if you want a practical phoneThe screen is big so using it won't bother you. The screen is also protected with gorilla glass so don't worry about scratching and cracks like on almost every other phone out there (iPhone hipster idiots). The camera is the greatest I have seen so far. Just go out and buy it. It really is perfect.

The phone workednfine for three mths then blanked out in my face had to return it after i fell in love with the game

I love the Lumia 920 but for now my particular phone gets a 'Fair' review. Will review it again in a couple weeks. Item arrived in Arabic language; was at a loss as to how to change the language as it is totally unrecognizable to me. Finally guessed it but any factory reset will change it to Arabic. For the first week the phone froze or blanked out at least twice a day, sometimes twice in five minutes! I did a factory reset and have been applying all the updates as they become available. As I was about to pack it up and send it back a Nokia update came down on December 8. Since then (3 days ago) the phone is stable but I would have to wait a week or two to see how stable it is. Hopefully this is just an issue with my device... otherwise the features on the Lumia are killer though I really do not like the size of the keyboard. Its too small which causes you to hit the wrong keys. Camera features are excellent and I found all the apps I need except one to track and set limits on my data usage.

I am from Brazil and I shipped to a friend's house in the US. Everything went fine and I got my unlocked Nokia Lumia 920 in perfect conditon! I bought it from Wireless Everything and they were awesome. The phone was in my friends house even before the end of the deadline. The phone is absolutely great, nothing to complain so far. I've had an Android and WP phone before and this new WP8 is great!

Excellent product, a fully unlocked rm_821 phone. With spanish language, windows phone is just perfect if u are used to use social networks.

This is no doubt the best WP8 smartphone on the market, but also one of the best smartphones period. Don't hesitate buying it.

Great phone, great features, I bought it for my son, who is now a happy user.Looks and works better than the iPhone now.

The phone was frozen twice first 3 daysI am wondering the phone shows a Spanish carrier when startingothers are fine

Does not come in sapanish language, It arrived on time, there is no software to download other idioms . .
