
I purchased this phone not to long ago, I have to admit its a pretty good phone. Its thin and lightweight and unique looking. I love how you can personalize almost everything on the phone. It's super quick and doesn't freeze, but the market doesn't have much games and apps. I know that this is my fault but when I was getting out of my car the phone fell and shattered. It probably only fell less then two feet. Now I've had other phones and they've had a lot worst falls then 2 feet and the screen didnt shatter, getting a small scratch at the most. The design of the screen can use a lot of improvement. The screen slightly curves out and is made of pure glass. Glass bits were also falling out of the screen too. I don't know about you but I don't think that's suppose to happen. Overall it's a pretty good phone but the design could definitely use improvement.

I have had my HTC 8X for over a year now. Have had to replace it once and the SIM card once. Have to tap THREE TIMES to send every single text message. Don't get most of the images people send me, and it's not because of my account or any settings. I do not receive my work email when I'm in one of my work buildings using the work network. I really have grown to like the Windows 8 OS on my phone, but I hate this POS phone. It is the worst phone I've ever had.

Awesome pictures but the APP's are limited.... They do not have as good of apps and many of the existing apps do not work like intended.

The phone was not unlocked as stated on the site. I bought this phone because I needed it unlocked for immediate usage on another phone network other than AT&T. Apparently; the depicted impression on the Amazon site was not factual. Resulting in my time being wasted and money tied down. As such I have to buy another phone from a different website.

Horrible go iPhone. This phone loses services drops calls. And wont connect to the internet when you have full service

The product is awesome, especially the screen is large enough to compensate a tablet. The built material is very good and the compactness is pretty decent, which gave me confidence that this can endure my sturdiness. Kind of sad that the product dropped over 30$ within 20 days of purchase.

This phone is great in terms of build quality and material, it feels great in your hand. The battery life is very good, the phone can last 2-2.5 days with casual usage. The screen is 720p and looks good. If you are coming from an iDevice and used to a retina display, you obviously won't find that quality here. The phone very is fast, there is nearly no lag that I can tell while switching between apps.The major drawback of this phone is that it lacks some major apps like Instagram or Spotify. There is also no official app for Facebook, so you have to use the one developed by Microsoft. Microsoft's Facebook app is &#34;OK&#34;. You will also not find any official Google apps except Google search. The native mail app works good with Gmail though. Also, there is a YouTube app again developed by Microsoft which is almost the same as what you will find on m.youtube.com. Lastly, I find the official apps to have less quality than their iOS and Android counterparts. The best official one I think is the Twitter app. This can change in the future by software updates.

I got this Unlocked GSM version of the HTC Windows 8x Phone a month ago and it is great.  I got it so I could get off contract service with Net10 wireless.  It works perfectly. I really like windows 8 os but I am also coming from a basic phone so I was coming into the smart phone world unbiased.  One of the big complaints about Windows 8 phones is that they don't have a proper or easy to use contacts list (the people hub is a bit confusing at first and not very efficient way to call your contacts), but that problem is easily fixed with a number of different contacts apps you can get for free at the windows app store. The camera is great. And the price made it the best deal I could find for a smart phone.

No warranty documents was with the phone.And I do not have any idea where I can take the cell phone for servise in case I will face any problem.

I REALLY LIKE THIS PHONE ,BUT IT CAME WITHOUT A CHARGER. WHEN I ATTEMPTED TO PURCHASE ONE ,I WAS TOLD IT WAS DIFFICULT TO FIND ONE. IWAS TOLD IT WAS NOT A POPULAR PHONE.STILL I'M HAPPY WITH IT

My phone may turn off and not turn on at all s, olo has lasted me 8 months and no longer works please i need to apply the warranty.I want you to help me solve this drawback.greetings,Byron Tobar Cuesta.

When I got the phone,  phone worked great.  Well that changed as of last night.  The phone keeps saying no SIM card detected and the phone reboots multiple times per day.  I'm not satisfied with this and it seems to be a defect with this model.  Google htc 8x problems and you'll see!!

If you want a good Windows phone, go with the Nokia Lumia. This phone is lacks basic apps like the Nokia camera and many others. The camera on this phone isn't good at all, coming from a Lumia 920 and Lumia 1020 owner. Nokia has better phones to me.

First of all I love this phone. Windows 8 easy to use. Not many apps but enough for me. The problem is, if you get one from anywhere but the US there is no 4G on the phone. I use ATT but can only get 3G. The phone I received was branded Telestra not ATT. It was unlocked and worked fine but be aware of this.

I love the windows operator system. The phone looks goodGreat purchase, not too expensive, i like it so far

Phone came exactly as promised. Very intuitive and easy to use. No complaints here. It is unlocked. This is a 16GB phone, not 8GB as in the description so that was a pleasant surprise.

The phone costs 289$ on amazon and the cost to repair the screen is $200 and YOU(the customer) pay for shipping.2 of my friends and I bought 8x. I have the blue one. the color faded to black but it still looked classy.the phone is thin and sleek and looks very sophisticated. The touschscreen response is great. the OS is great.Then the trouble starts :)My phone fell down once and the screen cracked. My friends phone screens also cracked.HTC's repair costs are $200 and you will have to ship it to NYC at your own cost and the repair takes a 10 day turn around. Also there are no stores in madison who can repair this phone as well :)for 5 months after the drop, the phone worked awesome inspite of the cracks. the audio is awesome too. THen one fine day the phone freezes while playing youtube! Of all Apps youtube! the phone doesnt start. ATT Customer care was nice enough to sit with me and diagnose that as a battery blowout or battery failure.Because the phone was dropped 5 months ago and the screen cracked, I am no longer covered for battery failure because my warranty ceased to exist as soon as those cracks appeared. THose are apples and oranges.Even though the phone costs 289$ on amazon, att will replace it for market value of "419$" OR HTC can repair it for 200+shipping+ other pending costs after investigation even though that probably is the cost of a new phone.I regret the day I bought a HTC product.

I did a ton of online research before trading in my three year relationship with my old Android phone (HTC Droid Incredible) for the HTC 8X. I went into the switch with an open mind and the acceptance that there would be some limitations to get use to. But I was just ready for something new!So I have had the phone for two months and so far I absolutely love it! All Windows Phones basically have the same user experience because Microsoft doesn't allow manufacturers or carriers to skin the OS.  So here, firstly, are my pros and cons specific to the 8X.PROSVery lightweight as compared to other top end Windows phones. Very thin profile.Fun colour options for casing. It's an eye catcher.Solid battery life. I can get a whole day with pretty heavy use.Solid camera with a great range of fun apps: filters, lomo, panorama, editing.Dedicated shutter button.Only fits halfway in my front pants pocket, but the rubberized coating on the back keeps it from slipping out.The default automated backlighting setting is surprisingly accurate. I haven't yet had to go in an manually change it once.CONSThose external buttons are too flush with the casing so they're hard to find just by feel.Tinny sounding speaker phoneAfter two months of daily use, the rubbery coating has started to wear away on the bottom corners. After a year will there be any coating left??Now, here is my review of the Windows Phone 8 experience, which is basically the same for all WP8 devices.I found the switch to the Windows Phone 8 OS was super easy. WP8 is incredibly intuitive. I was prepared to confront a steep learning curve but I found I acclimated far quicker than I had with my first android phone. All the most commonly used smartphone apps are integrated into the operating system and they talk to each other in a way that Android apps, created by myriad different developers, do not. TO use an SAT motif...WP8 is to Android as Facebook is to MySpace. Android, like MySpace, offers maybe too much freedom of customization for the average user, which can lead to a mess of cluttered home screens and buggy widgets and third-party apps that don't talk to each other. However WP8, like Facebook, gives you a clean, simplified interface, with limited customizations that everyone can use. This of course also contrasts with iPhone which offers no customization what-so-ever.I LOVE the live tiles! I can basically see what's going on with all of my various communication accounts in one glance: phone calls, SMS, Gmail, Yahoo mail, Whatsapp, Skype, Twitter, Facebook and Gchat. Kind of similar to the pull-down notification tray on Android...but so, so, so much better! First thing in the morning, I'd actually rather check all my accounts on my phone in just one look and a couple taps than boot up my laptop and open all the applications/web pages separately. Super intuitive!I LOVE the built in address book which links all of my contact accounts to consolidate the info for each person. From any single contact page I can call them, text them, email them at multiple addresses, message them on Facebook, mention them on twitter, see all our recent interactions, and see any of their recent status updates and photos. Without having to enter all that information manually into the phone. This is what I mean when I say the apps are well integrated!I LOVE the design aesthetic of the user interface, which carries over to all the different Microsoft apps. It's clean, minimalist and a little iconic. Whatever colour and background I set for the live tiles, is used within all the apps as well. Makes the user experience feel much more unified.I LOVE the Bing search built in features - local news, suggested activities based on recent searches, local deals based on recent searches, and movies based on your location. The movies feature in particular makes me happy. It aggregates everything you would want to know in one place - all current moves, locations and times near you (uses GPS), synopsis and info, user reviews, and ticket apps like fandango. This is a good example of what I mean when I say the UX is intuitive!I DON'T LOVE the Bing Maps app. It's a solid app, but after many years of using Google Maps, it just doesn't measure up. It really annoys me that it doesn't include public transportation directions, only walking and driving. I live in a major metropolitan city and public trans is a big deal. Also it doesn't do a great job of guessing what I'm searching for if it doesn't immediately recognize the address I enter. And NO turn by turn navigation! I'm sure Bing Maps will get there eventually, it's just not there yet, and if you rely on you phone for directions frequently this could be a problem.I DON'T LOVE the app drawer. It's one loooong column so you have to scroll forever to find what you're looking for. What's wrong with a grid like iOS and Android have? If it ain't wrong don't fix it.I DON'T LOVE the limited app market. I'd be very careful to check if all your favorite apps are available on WP8 before you make a switch! Microsoft has actually been pretty good about communicating upcoming app developments to their users. They announced a forthcoming Pandora app in December for launch in spring 2013 and we just got it...right on time! But, it's a bummer knowing that every time a hot new app is rumored, it probably won't be available for windows phones. At least not for a while. This is of course a growing-pains issue that will get better as WP becomes more popular which I really think it will!

Sleek, simple and sober, I really ecstatic to have this phone. Really good. it never hangs just that slightly less apps because of windows platforms.

This phone is NOT an AT&T; Unlocked phone as advertised by the seller it is a Verizon phone and incompatible with most AT&T; mobile services.It boots up with a Verizon logo and Verizon programs NOT with AT&T; services and logo.I wish there was a rating lower that 1 Star!!Email does not work on phonePhotos by Text does not workAT&T; Navigator and other AT&T; services do NOT work.Very expensive mistake

It's a wonderful phone, though I went through 2 of them.The good news is there is a big update coming between now and August that'll add more features such as VPN and the anticipated talking bot. One big plus is that this phone is simple to navigate compared to the Androids millions of screens to swipe through to get to an application. I also appreciate that the Microsoft store has less useless apps than the Androids marketplace which is 90% of junk (no offense to Android users, but that's my experience, junk and Malaware).I also should add one big gripe is the memory usage, though maybe this isn't specific to this phone. When you use Microsoft's cloud based storage, the pictures may be stored in the cloud but the preview uses up your phone's memory and you can not delete it out of the "temporary." One way around this is to set your calendar 2 weeks ahead, this sometimes clears up some space. Also, this phone get's very hot with extensive use causing the lower back plastic to warp itself inwards causing the speaker cover to crack.This phone is overall an awesome phone and I can't wait to use this when Microsoft releases their smart watch (I need this for work!).My phone is currently broken again, I dropped it. The durability is amazing though, with a cracked screen down to the pin ribbon and missing buttons this thing is still kicking. lol.And now finally, to end this awesome review I will say this piece of advice and that is to earn free apps sign up for Bing rewards and use Bing to search. You can then redeem them for credit towards the Microsoft store. So far I have earned a 5$ Amazon gift card and a 5$ Microsoft store credit (but you may not be as awesome as me and your earning time will vary).

I loved it and im going to get one for my son. I would live a white one. Thank you

Love Windows 8 phones.  This is a replacement for my wife's damaged phone.  We each have the HTC 8X and love it.  My wife keeps up to date with her Facebook contacts and we always know the weather.  There are many other apps but we don't really use many of them.  As a phone it works great and as a internet hot spot it serves us well.  We have the new 10G plan and we tether our computers for internet access.As RVing volunteers we travel most of the country.  ATT is available in most of the areas we work, many being remotely located.  The ATT plan and the HTC phone is a great combination.

I recently dropped the phone and broke the screen. (It wasn't the phone's fault, nothing could have survived that drop) I took it to a cell phone repair shop instead of buying something else because I loved this phone so much. I thought the adjustment to windows would be difficult but I'm actually very used to it already and don't think I will ever switch back to android or apple. This phone is fast and light and made incredibly well.

Love this phone . I had it before but lost it . so when I found this online I was a bit doubtful because it from online , but it perfect ! came  a day early , came with charger , everything was good !

I would give zero stars if I could.The windows phone operating system is fantastic, but this phone is garbage. I've had mine for about a year and I've had nothing but problems. It started with random shut offs, the the volume buttons stopped working, the middle of the screed developed a dead spot where it no longer responds to touches in that area, and the wifi no longer works. Also this is a pathetic amount of memory. I'm not the kind of person who downloads a lot of apps, and the memory is already full to the point where if i use an app for more than a couple minutes the phone will shut down.get a Nokia. this phone sucks

I ordered This phone for my husband 3 weeks ago , and it still ain't here.... I don't know How Long it takes... But I want my money back!

UPDATE======Things went from bad to worse for this phone. First started seeing the random SIM missing errors, ATT replaced the SIM but still didn't help. They said it's a software defect which Microsoft needs to fix (good luck with that). Next came the app crashes and random freezes and lockups in the browser.This phone is now relegated to being a paper weight. Moved on to a iPhone 5S...at least I know things will work. Don't buy this unless you want to be a lab rat testing a unfinished product and paying money for it.====================================================================And it's not even close. Firstly the app selection is hit or miss....Microsoft will tell u all about how they have 200k plus apps in the App Store but sadly most of those are useless third party knockoffs. The key apps like fb, twitter, yelp, whatsapp...they are all lacking in functionality compared to android or iOSThe metro ui is just plain stupid...feels like I am a child playing with blocky tiles. This is a good device but saddled with microsofts horrible software. Stay away from it.

comprehensive application in question, has a large and compact when taken into the hand, pretty useful and complete operating system, no complaints, excellent

4/26/14FINALLY got my phone in the mail and I charge it and boot it up and it wont boot to home screen! Everything looks brand new but the phone will not boot up so I cannot even use it. I have contacted the Seller and lets see how fast this can be replaced or how fast my money can be returned to me. I just hope I am not going to have to wait another week for a new phone!

This is my first windows phone after switching from Android. And I loved it!! It was easy to get used too. Enough Apps for me. Im not a crazy app person though. Customizing the Tiles to fit your personality AWESOME!!! And it's cute!!!! I didn't give it a five only because it is made with Gorilla glass and it slipped from my purse and the screen shattered!!! I can't even get a professional to fix it they said too complicated so now I have to buy a whole new phone :( The screens alone for it are starting at 80 dollars but if a profession can't do it I'm not wasting my time :/

Just confirm color, if with or without box & charger.Otherwise, the whole condition of the device is great. Thank you!

Most important part of this review -- Windows Phone 8 is light years better than Windows 7.8. It is worth every penny to upgrade. Just about every feature you wish you had on the Windows Phone 7 (any version) can be found on Windows Phone 8. I've been using Windows 7 phones for over 3 years, and the difference is noticeable and instant. If you're considering the switch, do it now.The HTC 8x is a great phone. My only complaint is like other people say -- the buttons are a little small, and blend in with the casing a little too much. Other than that... no problems or complaints at all!One quick note -- if you're upgrading from an older phone, you may have a larger SIM card than this phone requires. If that's the case, just go to any AT&T; store, and they'll get you set up with a new SIM card free of charge. Takes about 5 minutes, very easy to do.

Turned out very well.... Nice build quality, feels great in the hand... I gave it to my teenage sister and I'm not worried about it breaking if she drops it or does God knows what else with it. In my experience it never lags even though it only cost $175. Was able to update it to Windows phone 8.1 by signing up as a developer (don't actually plan to develop anything... I just wanted to get the swipe keyboard and the voice recognition software updates... It's free) which I highly recommend if only for the much improved keyboard. Overall I highly recommend this as a decent sub-$200 phone.

The phone is sleek and good looking.It is unlocked and can be used with any service provider.Only problem I have was Network sharing not working which is no big deal.Iong batter life as well. I love it.

We bought three; my wife, our daughter, and me. Enjoyed it for about 3 days. The first issue is the screen. All three of our screens cracked. We've had various phones during the last 10 years and this phone is our first cracked screen; and all three of them cracked. Then all of us started getting SIM card errors. We went spent several hours with AT&T customer service for each phone. We received new SIM cards and a crazy story about our responsibilities for false warranty work and the sad reality of 10 days for repair/replacement. We lived with it until we all started getting the random shut-off. That was the last straw. Do your research on this phone. I find it hard to believe that there is a single positive review. We all have Samsungs now.

I had to return because it is not truly an AT&T device. Because of this my MMS messaging did not work and I could not ready any group messages I was in or send/receive picture messages. After 1.5+ hours on the phone with HTC and AT&T customer support the recommendations from both were to return this item.

I just received my phone on Thursday and can hardly put it down. LOL I absolutely love it. IThe connection is crystal clear when talking to someone. There are a lot of features and a lot of apps you can download for me. The camera takes excellent pictures.I highly recommend this phone.It definitely is well worth the money.

Crushed my phone while on scene with an ambulance and had no insurance cause they charge u all kinds of money for a new phone...awesome to find this for cheaper then insurance cost.

Power button stopped working after 3 days. Design is cool though. There are much better options out there. I got a motorolla phone and it was great.

I did a lot of research before buying my HTC 8X Windows 8 phone for Verizon, I am on Verizon. I have had it for about a year and it is wonderful!!! Note - I have updated to Windows Phone 8.1 Developers Preview. Any issue I had with Windows Phone 8 except for the lack of apps was fixed in Windows Phone 8.1 update. However, there are a number of three party apps that fill in any holes at least for me. I should state that I have all Windows devices/computers so everything works well together. Also, Office 2013 with OneDrive works great with Windows Phone 8 & 8.1 update. I use it for school all the time and Windows Phone makes my life easier!!!

HiThis is a very nice phone , all the menus and site ,like facebook or yahoo mail or whats app are beautiful and hard ware is excellent

The cellphone was in perfect conditions, only little scratches on the screen, but it works perfectly, the windows system is incredible, I like it. The camera and the functions of the cellphone also in perfect conditions.

I chose this phone twice because I love the system, ease of use, awesome pics, great sound. decent battery life and looks good too.I did not get a third one when my second phone was toast from a hug- my screen cracked. I even had a protective cover this time. It said there was a guarantee...It has been 3 weeks and I still have not heard back. I paid $155. The best quote to have it sent in and fixed was $139.

I received my refurbished HTC 8X WP8 from Amazon Ware House deals and DAC Enterprises today. It was an on time delivery and everything in good condition. I have to complement the supplier DAC Enterprises, when they claim the phone is refurbished it is refurbished or the phone was taken care of extremely well. All accessories were included as was a nice zippered case for the phone and accessories. I reset the phone to be sure everything was removed from prior owner.This phone is for my wife which will suit her better then a Nokia 920 like mine. The HTC is much narrower then the 920 for a better grip and is lighter too. The screen at 4.3 is plenty big enough to type on or do other work. I would say perfect size, between being to small and to large as the tend is going now.Flipping through the phone I found everything works as it should, there are a few differences between Nokia 920 and this HTC.Complements Amazon Ware House Deals and DAC Enertprises.

Out of every single phone I have had so far, this one is the worst. I have not owned this thing for 6 months and it is developing a problem by shutting on and off continuously. This off and on process can last ENTIRE DAYS and the only thing I can do is wait for it to die.  This is occurring 6 MONTHS after I started using it.  As a consumer of 5 phones in the past, replacing them after TWO YEARS, I'd say this is a TERRIBLE PRODUCT.  In addition, they recently released an update to make my phone better (I guess), and so after I cleared out 1 gig of my files for the update (There's no expandable storage); it notifies me that &#34;It was unable to install the update&#34;  Doesn't sound too bad right?  WRONG! Since the 8X is Updatile Dysfunctioning, I can't use ANY APP! GENIUS! I am really disgusted at the quality this phone. I own a work iPhone and used to have an Android before I switched over. From my VERY FIRST experience with Windows Phone, I tell all my friends to get ANYTHING BUT A WINDOWS PHONE!

This phone has a nice big screen, good color and feels solid.  I generally don't like HTC phones, they always seem to have funny software problems.  No problems with this phone.  This is a good choice for a Windows phone.

very light and love the Windows Phone UI! The only thing I do not like is that in direct sunlight it is very hard to see the screen.

I looked around in my office for other covers and this is indeed among the most neat and well designed cover for 8x. I like the dotted section for slip proof grip and the dual tone effect. The cover greatly improved on the bad button press experience of 8x

My son lost his iPhone and whined when I ordered this no contract phone because it wasn't apple UNTIL it arrived. He absolutely loves it, the tiles, the sturdiness, the color, and the over-all look of the phone. He actually got in trouble for staying up all night personalizing it just for him. Phone came with a cute purple case, but it didn't fit too well, so we ordered a hybrid kickstand case for only about $4 or $5 bucks, which is so convenient when he watches Netflix. Thanks for saving us with an awesome & affordable NO contract phone!

I love this phone, windows 8 is prettty cool to use.  I wish it was more popular among the public like the i phone, and samsung phones.

This phone is awesome. I bought this as a temporary phone until I get a new contract, but I might just keep it. It has not lagged once, not acted up at all. The camera is nice, beats stereo is a nice addition too. Tremendous value for the price.This phone is not as powerful as some android phones, but if you're like me and I only want the mainstream apps (Snapchat, instagram, facebook), it performs flawlessly.

it was a great phone but my phone carrier would not switch it over so I had to send it back. I had no problems getting refunded my money back. They r great to work with. Thank you so much

This was my son's first Windows Phone, so it did take some getting used to, but he has enjoyed it and I like tge windows,  My Family option where I can monitor his activities.  It's a sleek phone & easy for him to keep in his pocket without bulkiness.  His last name is Blue, so he personally loves the color as well.

The things i enjoyed about this phone was the battery life, the internet speed, and the different kinds of productivity application that were are available with windows phones. My main issues with the phone were the lack of applications they had to offer. Apps are a couple years behind and it quickly became a nuissance.

It was exactly as descibe and looks brand new i love it and i will buy more from  ! ;)

The phone looks great but the functionality is horrible. From the very first day of use the phone would freeze completely and the only way to make it work again would be to reboot the OS. Many basic apps like youtube and pinterest wouldn't work on the phone. The camera has a weird yellow display (the factory setting) and would not focus. My friends have the same phone and they have never had any issues like this which makes me believe that the phone sold to me was a refurbished phone and not a new phone as promised by the buyer. Very disappointed by the seller and the phone.

It's an unlocked phone, I haven't tried it internationally yet, but it came in excellent condition and I can't wait to try it out over seas!!

it is not , I was expected. The phone is not working properly. it gets freeze every morning. I don t even know why

The HTC 8X has a really nice feel, and great battery life. The UI is responsive and intuitive, although somewhat limited due to the Windows Phone 8 OS. For someone new to smart phones, I believe it will be a great experience. If you're coming from Android or iOS, you may feel somewhat limited in what you can do.It has a dedicated camera button, and takes decent photos.

When I got this phone it wasn't as described. It was Verizon Wireless instead of at&t. The charger did not work and it was a blackberry charger. However the phone was unlocked, shipped fast, and pretty nice. Just confused on why it came like that.

Ordered &#34;new&#34; att phone. I got a verizon phone in an att case. Makes me doubt the &#34;realness&#34; of the phone. the refund was prompt, though.

This product is fabulous. I ordered 2. One blue. One yellow. My original SIM cards were standard size so my husband cut them down. They take micro SIM cards. As long as you don't cut the metal on the SIM card your in business. At first we had them in upside down. Once we put them in correctly and gave them a minute to load up....badabing....we had the service that we had on our previous phones. These phones run 4G and they are fast and fabulous. I will purchase more in the future. Also this particular seller was FAST I received them within 48 hours! I LOVE these phones and so does my husband!

This phone is just as beautiful as the picture shows it to be.I cant comment yet about how it operates because I havent been able to use it as yet because my current sim  card cannot fit the slot in the phone, so I have to buy a new sim.One concern I have is that the pkg shows the phone as locked whereas the details had said it was unlocked which I expect it to be. Once I buy my new sim card I will know for sure about that.

I received the dvd &#34;HTC 8X Windows 8 AT&T Phone (8GB) - Blue Color - UNLOCKED - NO CONTRACT...&#34; on schedule and it was in excellent condition.

I will never order from this company and possibly amazon again for allowing a company to post false advertisement with the products they are selling. I purchased a HTC 8x Windows phone for $200 in which the screen one day just went completely black within 3 months. The box the phone came out of plus the tag line for the phone states it has a 1 year warranty. I contacted Wireless Works who gave me the run around and referred me to AT&T to repair. I drove to a AT&T store they recommended only to be told because it is a unlocked phone sold on amazon I would have to have amazon replace it. Since  then I have contacted wireless works with this information and no one has replied. My next step is to contact BBB!!!

One of the best rated phones on the market, bought it for my daughter, but she got bored with it so we sold it, can not say anything bad about it, other then yep it is square

Great phone, works perfectly. THIS PHONE IS ONLY UNLOCKED FOR AT&T AND T- MOBILE. Nice costumer service, friendly staff. Overall nice phone!

Excellent product, it covered all my expectations. I certainly can recommend this phone as the best I ever had .

phone did not have a MEID # so could not be activated.  # was not any where to be found.

So I bought this phone because my Galaxy S3 decided to crash on me three months before I am due for an upgrade.  I have had this phone for four days now so I may do another update to this review later.  There are a few good things about the phone that I do like.  I do like the Windows tiles.  They make things easy to navigate.  The phone itself is pretty easy to figure out.  I have only had droids in the past and I was able to figure everything out pretty quickly.  I had AT&T; before and the phone recognized my sim card right away.  There are a few things about the phone that I don't like.  I can't seem to change the keyboard style.  I use patterns for my passwords.  For example, I may use the letter S pattern starting at the number 5 on a standard keyboard.  The keyboard on the phone is not like a standard keyboard so now I have to remember the letters and numbers for my passwords instead of just the pattern for the letter S starting at the number 5 on a standard keyboard.  This is not a show stopper but somewhat annoying to me.  With my S3 I could change the keyboard to several different types.  There is no expandable memory.  Again, this is not a show stopper since I will only use this phone until I can get the S5, but still you would think that HTC would have built this feature into the phone.  The battery life is very short if you use the phone.  I had to recharge the phone about halfway through the day with moderate use and you cant buy an extended battery.  This is a pain.  I had an expanded battery for my S3 and I could go a couple of days without having to charge it if I needed to.  I will be chained to my charger for the foreseeable future, oh well.Ok, I can deal with all of that, but my biggest problem with the phone is there is no Amazon cloud player app.  My wife, and two teenagers share the same taste in music and we use one account for all of our music and reading.  Everyone in the family buys music and books from Amazon and we all have access to it (I pay for everything  LOL).  Anyway, now I have to sign up with X-box music and I don't have access to Amazon's cloud player.  This is a show stopper for me and even if I loved everything else about the phone, I would not be able to continue with a Windows phone for this reason.  Hopefully they will make an App for Amazon's cloud player.There is one last thing that I can think of that bothers me about the phone.  I did download Amazon's kindle and it works flawlessly with this phone, but I cannot make the words bigger.  I can make them bigger, but not big enough for me to still read without glasses.  With my S3, I could make the words very big.  This is a minor annoyance really because I am always leaving my glasses at work because I never really need them at home.Oh, there is one more thing that is irritating.  When watching videos, you cannot move the progress bar to the part of the video you want to watch, you have to click the fast forward button a number of times until you get to where you want to be.  This is very annoying.  My son did find a YouTube app that will let you have access to a progress bar, so there is a workaround for this problem at least for YouTube videos.In summary, this phone will work for now.  I can do basic texting, e-mail, and Internet surfing, but I can't wait to get back to a Galaxy phone.

Not a big fan of tiles, but the phone is one of my favorites and certainly on par with iPhone 5 and Galaxy S4. You just have to get used to a less than acceptable system user experience. Once you get into the commercial apps though, those are super elegant.

I was hunting for a new phone when I moved back to the US and couldn't believe what people are paying for their contracts. I got this phone unlocked and threw a TMobile pay-as-you-go SIM card for a $100 bucks., it works perfect for me.  I don't need to update Facebook every 5 minutes and there is enough free wifi around that I can get Internet pretty much anywhere anyway.  As far as the phone itself goes, I thought I was going to have trouble liking win8 after being in an iPhone the last 4 years, but I actually like it better than my old iPhone. There aren't as many apps out there yet, but there are a lot of good ones and I imagine more are being worked on and being released often. Bye for now iPhone and expensive contracts, I'm 100% satisfied.

I've had this phone for about a week and so far so good. This was an upgrade from the entry level Nokia Lumia 520, which was a 3G windows phone. I was actually happy with that phone - specs comparable to the iPhone 4s, except with a different operating system. (I am already a Windows Phone 8 user, so I will not be reviewing the Windows Phone OS - please see my previous review of the Nokia Lumia 520 for my thoughts on WP8) Unfortunately, I had dropped my previous Nokia phone in water a few months back. I was able to bring it back by putting in a bag of rice, but it never quite worked right again - it would randomly shut down on its own about once per day. I've been looking for an upgrade for a few months - hoping for a Windows Phone with LTE.Finally I picked up this unlocked no-contract HTC 8X phone (refurb) for about $140. When popped in my AT&T; SIM card, I did initially have some trouble getting it to restore from my Windows Phone backup of my previous phone. It turns out that the problem was that I needed to update the phone first. I applied several over-the-air updates from the &#34;Phone Update&#34; option in the &#34;Settings&#34; menu. Once I did this, I was able to restore all of my contacts, settings and apps from my old phone. A few of the proprietary Nokia apps did not transfer over, but I was expecting that.According to the specs, this processor in this phone is about 1.5x faster than my previous phone, and also has LTE (for AT&T;). I found it to be about 2x as fast as my Nokia was (probably due to more memory as well). My Lumia 520 averaged about 3-5 megabit download speeds over 3G in my area, and now with LTE, I can get about 6-10 megabit, which is about double (I'm hoping AT&T; will add more capacity here soon and I can get even more download speed). The screen is brighter and higher res (720p). The cameras are better too (Lumia 520 had no flash and no front camera). In terms of size - the HTC 8X is just as wide as the Lumia 520, but about 3/4 inch taller. This was important to me because I like a phone that is pocketable and I thought all of the other Nokia options with LTE for AT&T; were too big (Lumia 920, 1020, 1520, etc.) .Anyways, after 1 week of use, I am really happy with the phone. My needs are pretty basic. I do a lot of SMS text messages, I surf the web for about 15-20 minutes every day to/from work on the bus. I take 5-6 pictures per week to post to FaceBook or send to someone via email. I may listen to up to 1 hour of music a day via pandora. This phone is perfect for what I need it to do - it is noticeably faster than my previous phone and the better display and cameras are a nice added bonus.There was one thing I didn't like about the phone and that was that the lock/on-off button on the top of the phone does not stick out enough and is hard for your finger to find by tactile feel alone (you kinda need to be looking at the button). However, there is a great soultiuon - I bought the Otter Box case for it (commuter series) and the case has a nicely protruding cover for the button and I can now find it without having to look at it (great for unlocking the phone while driving and/or in the dark)Battery - If I use these following settings, I can get about 80 hours between charging (over 3 days!). I generally leave the &#34;Battery Saver&#34; option on (from the settings menu). The other settings I changed to maximize battery life are, &#34;Always Restrict Background Data&#34; in the &#34;Cellular&#34; page in the settings menu. I also turn off wi-fi when except when I am at home.  Without the &#34;Battery Saver&#34; function, the phone says I have about 36 hours of battery left when fully charged.For the price, I am very happy with this phone. I paid $100 for my previous Nokia Lumia 520 in August 2013. I know this HTC 8x has been discontinued, and I had to buy a refurb, but I'm happy because I paid only $40 more for this than my old phone and it is a substantially better phone. It is everything I expected and I wasn't expecting it to have this kind of battery life, so seems like a win-win to me.

It is amazing that its touch screen is so soft, so does the back of the phone.  It is very easy to operate and unlocked to any Micro SIM cards, convenient to take it and use in different places.  I really love the camera, it is so clear and efficient.  Love it so much.

Got it for my fiance as an upgrade on his Pantech phone. The phone is lovely, we have to get a new SIM card since he still using the big Cingular one lol. So he hasn't made calls yet, but he was able to try out the Wi-Fi and our works great. The seller also sent free headsets and screen protectors. The USB cord was for a different model so it didn't fit. But Big Apple Cellular customer service is EXCELLENT!! Sent out a new one immediately. No issue. Extremely friendly and worth using.
