
This is the worst phone I've ever bought in my live, and all because of the charger. At first it is fine, but then it doesn't.

Because i like and the prices Was very good and i can use any plan no this phone with no contract

I put a patern lock and the fone cannot unlock, The drivers are not working, low volume during calls the fone cannot work with Data plan.

This phone battery lost for less than half an hour. The camera never worked.it cost me 89.00 bucks all the way from china. If you are a phone person ,this is not a phone for you, it's horrible.i like every feature in it  until the camera didn't work.

Very good excellent 5 star

Phone does work on cellular data only works for gsm carriers Tryed to use data and would not connect to internet

The wad garbage,  it is couldn't read any dim cards,  and came with old versions of apps. By the time the were updated there was no more memory to run it. Worst of all, the forward facing camera was upside down.

it works well however the audio port doesnt work well and earphones did not work at all but over all i give it 3 stars

The phone looks good BUT the in-call volume is super low no one can hear me, the touch screen freezes, the battery lasts an hour if you run any app, and the text is in Chinese.

The phone battery is not good at all .I had charging problem with the phone,and I used the phone speaker most of the time.

i cant use my phone at at! can you plz write me back an tell me how i can get my phone to able to use it

Stylish looks.  Very poor quality.  Not worth its weight in garbage.  Seem to have the potential to be a good phone, but this one probably a faulty one.

- i like it thankyou verymuch its nice , thanks alot . i really love it omg thanks soooo much

It weighed celluar was bad for the price, but exceeded my expetativas, to truth is a very good phone, my family and friends want one here in my country Venezuela.

its good for show but its very very bad phone i waste my money and the time i bought it did not know its coming fromchina therefore i can not even return it because shipping cost which is i have to payplease do not waste money on this peace of crap

I get pop up messages that are in Chinese, most of the pre-loaded apps do not work, I cannot send or receive pictures (in messages), I have to charge several times a day, the instruction book is poorly written and incomplete. The box that it came in was damaged and the case was broken. There are so many problems with this phone and the company that I purchased from says send it back and they might refund my money.* Latest update....Amazon has now denied my claim and I have been instructed to send the item back at my expense, plus insurance and I MAY get a refund. The phone will no longer charge so I cannot delete my personal information. This is a very expensive paper weight! Nomoreracks does not treat it's customers this poorly and will get my business going forward!

As soon as I got it it was very very slow. Then not even a week later it just stopped working and won't turn back on.so I highly recommend anyone not to buy this phone.

That was the worst purchase I had ever made in my life. The phone is not good at all. It is not working

Despite owning a magnificent line, has features that make the phone look as simple, low-volume conversation, little signal and battery with loads that last just under three hours. for everything else is a good phone for use areas with high signals

It does not work any more, the memory was very very small. the range is short. all app was very slow

Bad phone would not recommend anyone to purchase it, cam equip with two batteries a case and head phones; overly dressed for a poor performance phone broke within three days started with screen issues and moved on to vocal with earpieces malfunctioning. YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR AND THIS IS NOT WORTH IT!!!!!

it frizz  was the same night and it cant hold on change . it keep tell me that the no spase on while i have a memory card in it..

this phone was not even used since it was not charging or anything .that was my loss I decided not to return it but to give it to my Nephew as a toy.

very good phone works with all the operator here in Venezuela, the only difficulty is placed into one of the sim in one perfect but the other input trim the sim, because it is a little smaller, otherwise is a perfect happy cell with the...

as we say here in America you get what you pay for, I didn't know the phone was a clone of the android sold by T-Mobile. since I am a T-Mobile customer, I trusted the name and bought the phone. I took the phone to one of T-Mobile outlets to find out why the phone was not operating properly. the first thing they told me was it was a clone and not supported, and that it is out dated by two years. because I travel abroad every year I wanted a phone that would serve my purpose here and abroad with  dual sim compatibilities. it's a joke. reception is horrible, but the sound quality is fine. I am still looking for a better phone.

I love it...so easy to use..im sending this to my nephew and he said he cant wait to see it.

Dropped calls. Hard for my son to get a hold of me and he was in the er. downloading apps would not work well with the processor. Phones freezes constantly.

i regret my money because this phone is not even have gps on it and it really slow. wasting money,

The phone did not work at capacity upon receipt. I believe that the phone was defective and returned it. The concept is great. It offers all the features expected of an android phone and more. If they worked properly, it would be a great phone. Additionally, it only workes to 3G as full capacity. If you expect a phone to be used solely for calls, e-mails and texts, this is a fine phone. Do not download pics, video or music as it says it is capable, but cannot read.

Don't worry about all of the reviews!!! I purchased it before I read them and was suuuper scared! But after I got it I realized it wasn't that bad at all. Sometimes the screen is a little slower than my fingers and so it freezes up, but so far I haven't had any major issues. The sound is rather low on incoming and out going calls but works fine if you turn on the speaker. It is NOT a Samsung... so if that is what you want don't buy it... but it works for me... and when you first turn it may be in Chinese but turn it off and then back on it should be fixed.

This is a fairly decent phone for its price.I bought this after I ended up returning a few for technical and quality issues.This one has none.Set up was a breeze. Conecting to Tmobile  was simple.The network works fine.The apps are great,I have downloaded most of my favorite ones.Overall a great phone for an extremely reasonable price.I would recommend this to anyone who wants a decent Android phone and save substantial money.

el telefono es muy lento.

the rating fit what was in my Pocket. it is easy to utilize. it is recommandable to all persons that you appreciate

Because the phone looks better on the picture !!! And the battery is no that good !!! But rhatnk you !!!

The phone has no micro phone feature for the texting . Cause my fingers keep hitting the wrong thing it also can be slow to change the screen and texting can take longer

Exactly what I was looking for. I would. Definitely do business with you again in the future! Thank you so much!

not what I expected nothing works well the phone in general is not up to par wil be looking for a better phone

Everything about this phone is a piece of rubble. Had I fully known how horrible this phone is I would not have wasted my money I would have waited for a better phone.Only positive thing I can say about the phone is its durable I work at an airport and I often drop the phone it hasn't cracked yet. However everything else is garbage!!!! DON'T BUY THIS CRAP

ShitI blocked the internet on the service plan and yet some how it still get these disgusting annoying pop ups every so often

problems with the microphone

it bought this phone for someone as a gift. It is a really nice phone. i believe the person will like this phone.

I finally figured out how too hook up this phone.  It works great.it runs off tmobile or alltell towers.  Depending on what company u hook it up with.  It is a standard sim.  U can buy the sim card here.  U need a micro sd card too download apps.  Buy the larger one if u download alot or record alot. Not the 2 or the 4 not enough memory. There is a really good video camera on it with both back and front faceing cameras. The apn setting does have too be set on ur phone.  But whoever provider u call too activate ur phone tells u how too do it. If u cant understand them or they dont understand u because most of them r from freakin India, they can email u the instructions. It must be a job qualification that all telemarketers have to be from India. Lol the phone is great. It works great and it has a 5" screen. I love it. No wonder it keeps selling out at that price. And download battery saver in ur playstore. It helps.  Thanks.

I could not it to work completely with either T-Mobile or simple mobile.  It's a very nice phone however, I really liked the design of it.

my  screen broke .i contacted one of your agent to purchase a screen with no success the phone is now out of order. i would like to purchase a screen for this phone

You have a problem hearing from the Phone sometimes. Need to improved that and that will make the Phone better

This is a cheap one, it is like a cheap toy, or better saying: better this than nothing; is something you don't have to worry if you lose it or spoil it. It can be good while you save enough money to buy a very good one...wi fi works with strong internet signal and in a very reduce range

NO WILD

Even the calls and text functions doesn't work right.I was not expecting too much, however is worse than I thought.

because has less frcuency to guet Signal range and the camera looks very bad and the speaker came whit problem

i like this phone because it reminds of the s3 mini so much love this . the only dislike is about the color

It kept dropping calls. Then dailing numbers on it on. I'm not satisfied. What more can be done about this.

It wont work after 2 months of using it and putting up with the minor set backs it gave me it started to do its own thing wiping contacts passwords etc now it wont work at all

fair.The telephone's ringing and pick cellphone is difficult. There is no name so there is no supporting system like Nokia.

Features are stupid, it does not work good since the day I got it the touch is stupid am not even using it and I bought it for personal use the phone is just fake and stupid it needs a lot more improvement.

I live in Brazil and purchased a Gran Duos but due to some error in AMAZON.COM i received this phone instead. I sent it to be delivered at my sister who was in NY for vacation, so when she received it she opened up the box, put the phone in her suitcase without the box and travelled home.I have no box, I cannot return it from Brazil and I did not receive what I wanted! The cell looks like a copycat of the galaxy but a very bad copy! I want to know who will be responsible for this mistake???? Who will reinburse me of all this agravattion???Will someone contact me  about this?????

claims to be a good phone but its not. Had to sell it two days after receiving it. Cant' get whatsapp an other apps on phone.

Ordered 3 phones ,had to send 1 back right away. One was broken within 3 months and the other after sometime couldn't receive pictures or watch videos

Its very hard to receive a call, there is always issue with network. Just wondering if this phone can be return or replaced. Now it is also available on another site with only $53.99.

One of them didn't even work, and one of the others has a bad charger or cord to charger. I would like very much for you to replace them. We had an early Christmas, and had given them as gifts not knowing they didn't work.

the reason I gave it to stars is because of the box it wasn't working properly I'm no one can hear me on the other end all they could hear was just horrible static sound and so I have to give it to and I had to return it promptly after that

regret to inform you that one of the two cell to buy him came out damaged me and the other a little flawed therefore not recommended because it is not responsible for the delivery of product Quality sold in the shop amazon so only you I can give it one star because it is necesari to give my comment on the equipment

The Android Smart Phone was not compatible with my cell phone company.  When I inserted the sim card I could not access the internet.

compre este telefono en mayo 2013 lo llebe al Salvador y Guatemala y solo puse un SIM card de TIGO con su numero y me trabajo sin problemas ya estaba liberado no nescesita de liberarlo ya esta LISTO solo de ponerle una targeta de memoria  yo lo use con La compania TIGOThis phone functions in El Salvador with a card from TIGO company. It's ready to use, its unlocked. Its a good phone.

The phone i received came with two batteries but the charger it came with did not work properly. Also the phone's mic did not work very well. I had to talk very loudly for the person on the other end to even hear me. Overall i give this particular product only one star i kept it only because i desperately needed to have a phone.

This a cheep ripoff!!! be warnedscreen was burned and the Android logo was in mirrored formati made the mistake not looking the reviewsbe warned

I had some difficulty with that phone. I could not hear when someone call me and one day the volume was completely stop working.I believe it was ok for the price, but for a phone that I have to use all the time at work, on the road, I fell that I needed to be upgrade for a better phone.That was the reason I sent it back and requested a refund to buy another one.

great product with simple mobile sim. why pay more? good for kids young adults cell phones. everyone is happpy at home

it wasn't what was advertise, plus the front is scratch, the box wasnt the right package.. the cord are different color.... no wasnt happy

It's good for voice calls and texting (SMS). I use it with Lycamobile (US). Battery so/so - 1 day max. :(Delivery was on time. :)

not worth the money just use it around the house on wifi  has bad sinal reception would not buy again for personal use

the lcd screen is dead and it only has 1 month of use

This phone does not have a dual camera as the description says. It looks cheap and was not what I expected at all from the description, so I sent my phone back for a refund.

comes with the AM radioIn the pictures the ad. shows the S3's speaker/camera/flash configuration on the photo that shows the back of this phone.

horrible phone, the first day I got it , it gave me problems. there is a constant buzzing noise during calls that is very irritating . I give it a -2000 star

Cheap parts and very short battery life, not even 12 hours in stand-by.Very low camera and video resolution. Wouldn't recommend it to anyone.

Works excellent. Meet my expectation. It work on my AT&T cell SIM card. Great smart phone. Probably get same phone

I have not yet received the display screen protector Scratch Resistant Pet film. I wobder if I will ever get it.The unlocked quadband dual sim Android  came on time, and it has met all  my expectations. I am proud of it, and will be willing to tell others about it.

the phone works fine but the thing I don't like about it is the fact that I don't have a good signal in most areas

NOT HOLDING CHARGED NO GOOD SORRY TO SAY.I LOVE THE LOOKS BUT ITS NO GOOD NOTHING FROM CHINA!!!!. JUST CANT DEAL WITH RETURN POLICIES.

This phone is a crap could not be any crappier was one of the worst purchases it work great at first then started freezing and just did not make any sense the reason I gave it a one star was because I could not give it a lower rating.

Bought it for my father in law. He absolutely loves it. It's much better than the one we bought for my mother in law.
