
After owning the phone for less than 2 weeks the back of the phone cracked.  It was not dropped or handled roughly.Google even within 15 days will not return the phone due to "physical damage."  They said call LG.  LG said they do not provide a warranty for a phone purchased through Google, but if I send the phone in they could charge me for fixing the phone.  When I asked about daily handling of a Nexus, LG recommended not even putting the phone in a purse without a case,stating that the front and back are glass. That is not what I would expect from a product called Gorilla Glass.The customer service was awful with both companies pointing the finger at each other or back at me.I have owned an iphone 4, and iphone 4s that have lasted years with no issue.If you can keep the phone in one piece it is a great phone.

Google nexus was priced $299 by google. I dont understand why the List Price is $799.99. This is missleading to the customer, I think amazon should verify the actual price of the device before putting them on the shelf.

battery life is great. if I get stuck in the neck of the woods I don't have to worry about finding an outlet like I did with my old phone. it's fast and has all sorts of nifty features i'm still finding out about.I love that it has no contract. those dang telephone companies are always looking for more ways to take my money!

I got the 16 GB Nexus 4 at an incredible price of just $249 ($262 total), about a month ago, when Google reduced the price of the phone. I moved up from a feature phone (Tracfone LG 840G) and an iPod Touch. As you may know, the iPod Touch (I had the 4th gen) has all the capabilities of an iPhone/smartphone minus the phone-calling/data feature. Since I have access to very fast WiFi both at home and at work, I was using the iPod for my email, text messaging (using Google Voice/iMessage/etc) and had all the other typical smartphone apps and functions. And my "dumb" phone, obviously, was used for calling when I didn't have access to WiFi.Well, I was looking at upgrading and having just one device to carry around, and so when Google lowered the price of a device I was already interested in, I jumped in and got the Nexus 4.I got the phone directly from Google (it's more expensive elsewhere) and added the $15 Straight Talk AT&T; micro SIM and their $45 30-day unlimited plan. So far (nearly a month) the phone has worked great and I love the Android OS. The phone is very fast and capable running a pure version of the latest OS (4.3). I also like the 4.7 inch screen.The lack of of an option to extend the 16 GB internal storage was disappointing at first, but I've since found that I don't really need any more space. For one, all my music (2000+ songs) are uploaded to Google Music and I just stream them. Also, I transfer or upload all the pics and videos before they fill up my phone. And lastly, all the essential apps that I've got so far have only used 3 GB of the phone's space -- leaving me with plenty more space to use.However, there are some things I do not like about the Nexus 4. The biggest issue is the battery life. Having used the iPod Touch as a smartphone-like device since it came out in 2010, I was expecting newer devices to have far better battery life. I do understand that compared to the iPod, this phone has a bigger screen and a faster processor (both of which use more power). But I still expected a better/longer battery life. Having tested the phone multiple times, I usually get about 8-10 hours of use -- one or two phone calls, a few texts, a few web page views -- nothing heavy. That, to me, is very disappointing. The phone is fairly light but I wouldn't have minded if it was a bit heavier, and had a bigger battery.Another gripe is about the brightness of the screen. Even at full brightness, the screen looks dimmer than the smaller iPod Touch's screen. I usually leave it on auto and it's fairly dim -- but I still get poor battery life.Now, before anyone comments about my phone usage, I'm not a heavy phone user and the phone spends a lot of time in my pocket. I also turn off anything I don't need (WiFi/Bluetooth/etc), but I still don't like the battery life I'm getting. The next big leap, I hope, is not towards bigger and bigger screens, but in extending the battery so that it'd last at least 24 hours in light use.Having said that, I do understand that there are phones out there with longer batter life and that the Nexus is a great value, but I still think that all phones from now on (now that we have the fastest processors, HD screens, etc), need improvements in battery life.I'll come back and edit my review if anything changes. But for now, to summarize the review, I'd encourage anyone to get this phone if you want a truly unlocked GSM phone with pure Android experience. Even though the phone is no longer available from Google, it can still be found elsewhere and is a great phone for anyone upgrading from a feature phone or not wanting a contract.

The nexus 4 is a great phone with great features. The galaxy S4 is the first phone with really comparable specs.The list price on Amazon is a total bogey though. From the manufacturer the phone is 299.99 for the 8gb and 349.99 for the 16gb. Add shipping and you pay about $384 for the 16 gb model. I don't know where "list prices" come from, but it is not necessarily the manufacturer according to this product.

This phone is over price, if you wish to buy it get it from the google website which is more secure and you get the same phone for better price.

The phone is exactly what I was looking for. It's elegant, fast and is guaranteed to have OS updates at least for 3 more years before having to fall back on custom ROMS for updates.It's a tad expensive when bought outside the Google Play Store, but considering that site isn't is available on my country, then I have to be content with being able to get the phone at all!I will miss having upgradable storage (no microSD slot here) but besides that, this is a great purchase!

Nothing to say but praise with this gem. I love everything about it, it's snappy, it runs everything I throw at it without so much as a hiccup, it has Android 4.2, IT IS AWESOME!!

Let me start by saying I love this phone!  When my G2X met with an unfortunate accident in a cave, I went to T-Mobile and they sold me this one.  I was in love!  Come to find out, though, you can get one from google a lot cheaper.  Here is the run down:Bought from T-Mobile$200 down payment$20 per month for 20 months=$400Total: $600Bought from Google$350 for phone$28 for shipping and taxTotal: $378Difference: $222(Other perk is that by buying from Google, I would not be renewing my contract with T-Mobile)Difference between purchasing fromUnfortunately, I had already bought the phone from T-Mobile when I found out that Google sold it so much cheaper.  I was within the 14-day return period with T-Mobile, so I returned the phone to them and had to pay a $50 restocking fee.  I STILL ended up saving a lot of money!  And why is T-Mobile charging such an outrageous price for this same phone?It is very easy switching out the SIM card, if you want to do it yourself.  Google ships the phone with the ejection tool, and my phone booted itself up and recognized itself as a T-Mobile phone in minutes.The phone itself is awesome.  The screen is sharp and bright, it is FAST, not as buggy as my old phone...basically everything you could ever want in a phone for an amazing price.

Hello there!  So I'm assuming you want to know about the Nexus 4, no?  For this review, I'm going to be breaking it down into segments for easier reading.  So, have at it!  PS- I bought this phone though Google itself, so I based the pricing on that since it's the only official way to get it for now.  They're way more expensive here on Amazon for the time being.Look:  The phone is HUGE.  It isn't thick or heavy, but due to the large screen size, the thing is wide and tall.  It is almost all black except for the silver bezel, which is a much welcome addition (it would look very boring without it).  The back has a very fancy patterned glass which looks vaguely like a disco ball when there is a strong light present.  It doesn't come on too strong, though, so don't worry about it being too flashy.  There is a large "Nexus" logo on the back, and the camera is in the top left corner just above the N.  There are a total of three buttons on the side- a power button on the right and volume buttons on the left; Simple and easy to remember.  Overall, it's kind of boring for a design, but there's enough zest to make it fun to look at.Internals:  It's all over the internet, but there's a quad core processor, 2 GB of RAM, a 8 Megapixel main camera and a 4.7 inch HD screen.  also, on the front, there's a video chat camera.  What all of this adds up to is a high end Android phone as of late 2012/early 2013.  There's not too much that you really could be asking for, since this will let you do anything you could possibly ever want it to.Android:  Out of the box, it comes with basic android 4.2.  It's a great operating system that all other manufacturers seem to love building upon.  It works just like any other android phone you may have had, but it works more smoothly and has a few more features than before.  There's lock screen widgets, for example, which lets you view information without unlocking your phone (don't worry- you don't have to use any of them if you are weary of strangers seeing your inboxes).  Everything is very robotic and cold-toned.  It looks very cool, although it will take a little bit of time to get used to some changes from older versions.Battery and Storage:  the battery is 2100 MaH, which is unremovable.  Luckily, though, the battery is strong enough to last you at least a day.  Myself, I make sure to not have anything I'm not using on (such as wifi, GPS, apps, that sort of thing), and I can get 2 days of use.  Not spectacular compared to a feature phone, but not horrible by any means for a smart phone.  16 GB of storage for this phone turns out to be 12 GB once they've loaded the operating system on it.  This is for you to decide whether it is enough, but I find that I have over 10 GB left, even with all of my apps and photos on it.  If you are going to have music, maybe not.Camera:  The cameras seem to be where LG and Google cut the price of the phone.  The interface for the camera is elegant and very easy to use, which makes it all the worse that the camera is so... average.  It isn't horrible, but you are definitely going to want to bring a stand alone camera with you when you go on a trip or to a family party.  It will work for spur of the moment photos, of course, and if you don't want to carry around another camera, you could surely do worse.The front camera isn't too great, and it was really only meant for video chats.  It has no auto focus, which means everything will be grainy and fuzzy-looking.All-in-All:  It's a great phone, period.  For the price, it's AMAZING.  In the US, it's $350 without a contract, which is a few buck higher than a similar phone on a major carrier.  It definitely is worth trying out.

I first a had some problem with it. Nobody told that this phone use micro sim card instead regular so I have to cutted. I don't have problem with the phone it self, but the seller who never told about the  issues (micro card, 220v instead 120v) I write then about it and they answer was call nokia

BLUE Pill - You stay plugged in and on your 2 year contract. You continue your life oblivious to the hidden charges and fees that your carrier is charging you just for having a phone.RED Pill - You buy the Nexus and I will show you just how far the rabbit hole goes.Last chance!! I'm only offering you "my opinion" nothing more!!!Here we go - what I like1 - Fast - Seriously this phone powers on fast goes through the menu's very quick2 - Smooth - I'm so impressed with Jelly Bean 4.2 - You must use this for yourself3 - Feel, - Great job LG this is a great device very well made4 - Affordability - 299.99 with NO CONTRACT!! The options are endless for GSM users5 - Google Drive - Don't need a memory card Besides isn't it time to stop carrying your whole music collection around with you? that's so 2007Now here are things that are causing me some stress1 - I'm using it too much!!2 - The screen is too damn clear - I did not expect to like it so much.3 - Replaced my Galaxy note - I once said that " when you go Note you don't go back" I was wrong.4 - LTE not enabled - LOL right, I can fix that.5 - NBA game-time on Jellybean 4.2.1 not working - I want to return this to Google and DEMAND my money back - Oh wait I did take the RED Pill, so it's ok.Seriously this is a great phone I really cant tell you how nice it looks and feels in your hand and MOST IMPORTANT this one just keeps moving no stuttering and freezing. I really like my phone and I'm sure you will like too.

Amazing smart-phone came in bran new undamaged and works perfectly. now if only I can get the bugger turned on!

Amazing product. Excellent and fast :D this phone has a really good camera and is really fast running games and those things. Im really happy with the purshase. Really unlocked and from venezuela.

Very beautiful, a device with great build quality, great screen resolution and good camera.ProsNFC- I'm just now getting into using NFCConsNo expandable memory

Excellent terminationAlways up to datePerforms like a charmacceptable photographs for nowadays phonesit's more wide than I can handle firmlythe surface is so smooth it can slide by it self in surfaces like a glass table with a very little breeze

I finally got the N4 to connect to Sams Club wifi, but it seemed like a slow non-intuitive process with no feedback about what the N4 was doing. I request that someone try an N4 at Sams Club or a wifi WalMart. They will then probably experience this issue first hand, and be able to suggest a method that allows for a speedier connection. Sams Clubs (and many WalMarts) imho are some of the better free wifi spots, and of course they are all over the country.The big delay seems always to be associated with the N4 not being able to handle the splash or welcoming screen you always get at a  free wifi spot. Sometimes the splash screen doesn't appear (or it takes a long time for it to appear). Once it appears and you accept the terms and click on the connect button, the N4 wants to do weird things like save the image of the button, start a new page or tab, etc...I had no confidence the N4 was even trying to connect, and no feedback on what it was doing. When I successfully connected I left the N4 run for what seemed like minutes and lo and behold when I checked again it had connected. By comparison an Apple iphone 3gs connected in seconds.Afaik there is no solution to the inability of the N4 to connect to ad hoc wifi networks. Does this mean no one at Nexus is willing to explore this long standing issue?Other than this the N4 seems great. For those of you who don't make very many calls and want a very inexpensive no contract service, you can go with att Jolt for $3/mo or tmo Spot Mobile for $1.7/mo. I'm using Jolt Mobile and the voice quality is excellent. I can make free Talkatone calls or texts when on wifi. Both of the mentioned mvnos are 10 cents a minute for voice.Except for the above issues which should have simple solutions (but who knows), I'm liking my N4 more and more. Primarily it's the value, state of the art technology, speed, and smoothness which are convincing me.Rob

The best android experiment. Without any custom ROM. The hardware and the stock software gave me all I need in a smartphone. Social, gaming graphics and more.

I'm glad I picked this phone over the unlocked iPhone 5. I got my Nexus 4 from the Google play store. I using the Nexus 4 with T-Mobile prepaid. I mostly go on YouTube via WiFi and watch HD movies on it. I wrote this review on the Nexus 4.

I purchased this device  from google play.  For the first one month it worked ok and later mic on the phone stopped working.  I could make and receive calls using only speaker.  Google sent a replacement device but that device also has issue where display goes off while talking or on hold and it never comes back...I am struck with this phone now as google declining to take the return as it passed 14 days period.  What a waste of time and $$$..

Excellent phone, the Best Android phone you can buy. Very good performance overall.  I also have the S4 but I like the way that N4 feel in your hands.

I use it since one month now and it is meeting my expectation. Great phone for this price! I don't regret the choice.

it really fast and has the latest android api, takes really great photos, the only downsize is the batery, it doesnt last more than a day

Ah, let me see... The best android devices there are? I think NEXUS. mainly because of the stock android pure google experience. No OEM skins bogging down the performance. seamless, bugless, smooth android. Only one downfall. With the last phone (Galaxy Nexus by Samsung), google introduced 4G LTE into the nexus lineup, and with this next update, they took it back out! WHY GOOGLE WHY? other than that, this phone is a monster. NO hiccups anywhere! with 2GB of RAM how can you go wrong? This phone's design mirrors that of the iPhone 4. No, there is no stainless steel band running around the perimeter of the phone acting as an antenna, but there is gorilla glass panning the front and the back of this phone. another little minor feature that every user appreciates but doesn't really notice during every day use is the little glitter specks lighting up the back of the phone in a ray of bright dots. The phone has an 8MP camera sensor and a 1.3MP sensor on the front bringing beautiful clear shots with a minute lens. Google incorporates "photosphere" (360 panorama) into all of its newest nexus devices running android 4.2 Jellybean or higher, and the ability to upload them to google maps for the rest of the world to see which is nice. Gaming performance is flawless on that Snapdragon S4 Pro processor and beautiful on that 320 PPI 4.7 inch display. And you just cant go wrong with the insanely cheap price of this amazing phone. CONVERT TO PURE GOOGLE!

Its a great phone for the price..with all the latest android features..able to get quick software updates. camera is good too.. processor speed is fast..overall a good phone for the price.!!

smart, comfortable and fairly priced. the best phone I ever had. hope it's lasts long enough, 'cause I don't like to buy a new phone every year.

Like any other product, the Nexus 4 has its good points and its not so good points. Since I am, by nature, a seeker of improvement opportunities, here are a few (after three weeks of using the phone, and upgrading to Android 4.3):- Having come from a smartphone with a 3.5 inch screen, I find the width a little unwieldy, but I am getting used to it.- I installed another keyboard from the native Android set. Instead of simply *adding* the globe key which changes keyboards, the system *replaced* the comma on the English keyboard with the globe. Not convenient.- The staying power of the battery is not as advertised. With nothing active on a regular basis (not Bluetooth, not WiFi, not Auto Sync, Data Transfer turned off, there is no radio...), the battery is half run down in 14 hours. And I use the telephone less than 30 minutes in a day. (So why did I spend so much money on a phone? - Ah, that's also a good question.)- A solution to this situation would be to carry a spare, fully-charged battery. But the battery in a Nexus 4 is not removable.- The Nexus 4 was recommended by folks at work who are highly knowledgeable about such things. One of the points they made is that, with no service provider involved, I would be getting native Android, without all the bells and whistles added by service providers. Not true. There is a whole bunch of Google stuff included which I will never use, and which I cannot remove.On the plus side:- The sync is almost instantaneous - and I have as much stuff to synchronize as I did on my previous phone, where it took five minutes or more (with 4GB of memory, as opposed to the 16GB I have here).- On my previous phone, the pull bar on the Contacts list went from A to Z and then &#34;other&#34;. On the Nexus, the order is A to Z and then my second alphabet, letter by letter, from beginning to end. A really handy improvement.- I am not a major user of the camera. However, for those times I have used it, it has performed well and given me crystal-clear, well-defined pictures. (I haven't yet used the video feature.)Now I intend to read through the user manual (over 200 pages) and really learn about the phone. I hope to revise this review as I go along. 2013-08-16.

is one of the best android phones, is very fast! provides the experience "pure google" and compilment the official update immediately.the only drawback is that I give the sound through the headphones is very low compared to phones like the iphone.saludos desde venezuela!!

I BOUGHT THE MOBILE PHONE AND IT DOESN'T MAKE VOICE CALL.IS A TABLET.I WANT TO REPAIR THE PHONE.

great phone. great seller, for the amount of money by far best phone out there. smart sleek design, battery life is great

it is very good! Great! The phone looks as good as I expected.! I will buy it again next time!

i purchase it and has so many problem, i do not think purchase again, i like the style but the phone works fine

I called Google yesterday, with full intention of getting an RMA number and returning the phone.  The representative convinced me to try one master reset of the device (which worked perfectly as far as restoring contacts, calendar, previously installed apps, etc.), and see if by any chance it makes a difference on battery drain.  To say I was skeptical is an understatement.  With 23 hours and 16 minutes of very low use of the phone two days ago, I woke up yesterday morning to a completely discharged battery.  Totally dead less than 24 hours after the last 100% charge.  So needless to say, I was fully expecting to be talking with Google again today to finalize return of the phone.  Not so!In the previous version of this review (a 2-star rating) I said, "If it fixes itself with the reset, I'll update this review.  If the review isn't updated, you'll know it went back to Google with no swap."I have no idea what might have been wrong, but I've used the phone considerably more yesterday and today since the total reset and it's been over 25 hours since it's last been on a charger.  Current battery life?  Still 44% remaining!  I can't argue with that, since the usage has been far heavier.  So, on to other phone features I've been able to check out since receiving it almost two weeks ago.I love the voice recognition system.  It's proven quite accurate with text messaging, for example - just don't have any background noise, but that stands to reason.After not being able to get the speakerphone to work, it's now working great.The back camera is outstanding (haven't really checked out the lower resolution front camera), and video with voice is quite acceptable.  I also tried out the 360 panorama feature on the camera.  Even at close range (they recommend more than 30' from you to whatever's around you) I was able to get a rather acceptable image of a room in our house.  And it's quite easy to adjust white balance or image brightness before ever taking a photo.Settings are much easier to follow than with my previous LG phone (an Optimus T).  I've been able to find a number of things much easier than was ever the case with the previous phone - layout is more logical and self-explanatory.Importing and exporting files is quite easy using my Window$ computer.The phone is very easy to use, fairly intuitive, and turned out to be far less of a chore to learn a new phone than I expected.And finally, I have no issues with speed.  Despite not being LTE capable, the system used by this phone with T-Mobile is light speed compared to what I ever got with my previous LG phone.  If you MUST have speed, spend more money.  But if you are comfortable with decent, very acceptable speed, why spend the money?Overall, if you can still find one through Google at $249, GRAB IT!  And even at the somewhat higher prices on Amazon, it's a nice phone with a lower price than some with far fewer features.  Whatever happened with the system reset was magic.  I'm keeping the phone.  It's a rather strong 4-star rating in my opinion - nearly five, especially considering the direct Google price (reportedly now sold out).  I'm just hoping the Nexus 5 doesn't come out next month at a low intro price - hah hah.CONS: It seems a fair number of people have broken these in the first days of owning theirs.  With glass both front and back, that's a risk.  I got a wallet-style case, and am very happy with it.  Even if I drop the phone, I've got a fair likelihood of the phone coming through intact.  Just be careful (like so many other phones these days).

This is probably one of the best phones currently in the market and the price is just unbelivable. Honestly, this is a must have for any person looking for an Android phone.

Equivalent to smartphones that double the price.I't has everything you can find in the most expensive Samsung or Iphone.Cons: it's sooo good that most of the time it's sold out!

Yes. It is perfect. I love my nexus 4. It is  cutting edge hardware, the latest version of Android, and the best Google apps -- Nexus 4 puts the world's ...

My order for the Nexus 4 shipped around Christmas (from the Google Play Store). It worked fine initially - however, after about a couple months, the rear glass cracked in half - on it's own! No physical contact. No drop. It just had a single crack through it. I couldn't believe it. I was really disappointed however I continued to use it since it was just a cosmetic issue at the time.Another couple months passed and then - you guessed it - the front glass cracked in half, the same way that the back did - again, by itself! Took it out of my pocket and it had a single giant crack through the front screen. There was no physical force on it, no drop. nothing. Not only that, but the touch does not even function anymore, so I can't use it at all - I can't retrieve my files off of it, I can't download my photos, and I couldn't even shut it off!As if that weren't bad enough, to add insult to injury, I found out that Google did not cover it since it was too far from the purchase date, and LG, who provides the hardware warranty - informed me when I called that I would have to pay for the repairs (which I read online range from $100-$250), even though it was the result of normal use, and I made it clear it was so!I would strongly suggest saving your money and purchasing a different phone - that doesn't self destruct!Update:The cost for repairs was $153 and a replacement unit was shipped to me. The total period of this took 2-3 weeks.

This a great phone with fast Snapdragon CPU and enough 2GB RAM to handle the applications. The internal 16GB storage is very good but I still miss the slot for an upgrade SD memory card for people like me that wants to load it with lots of music. The battery life is pretty much standard and would last if you're not a geek using it all the time, otherwise make sure you carry your charger with you or at least the USB cable for contingency. Having a phone which receive updates directly from the OS creator is awesome, no more delays and severe bugs. The change from Samsung to LG was a downside because Samsung hardware is way more robust but let's see if they fix this gap with the launch of Nexus 5.

I will NEVER regret having bought this phone. It's simply beautiful. It's incredibly fast. Lots of memory. Great design. The camera produces awesome photos and videos. Never lets me down. Also, always having the latest system updates is priceless to me. Wouldn't trade it for any SGS4, HTC One, Moto X or anything else out there right now (except for the Nexus 5 that is, duh!). Two things would make this phone perfect: coming with headphones included and having FM radio capability (which it doesn't).

This is a comparison of the S3 (I9300 quad core) vs the nexus. This was the last shot I gave to android.I figured that if I did not like the nexus, I would return it and just get an iphone.I'm keeping the nexus. It works perfectly for my needs without lag or crashes. It does not overheat or drop wifi or irritate me with nuisance issues.Read on for a brief comparison of what I can remember now. . .I've used the samsung galaxy tab and the S3 (I9300) for over a year now.I never liked them. Applications were slow and laggy. Both my devices used to reboot every day on their own, often in the middle of something.Sending an email with an attachment would make the email app crash.They were loaded with bloatware. There was no way to turn the animations off either.The list of issues was endless.I was annoyed with the dark spots on the screen (visible while watching youtube at night).Magenta would look like red. There was no way to calibrate the screen to make it look 'normal'. Cyan and Aqua were the same color too.Somehow, I always felt that videos were like watching recolored b/w movies or sometimes even cartoons.The capacitative touch buttons were always getting in my way. Samsung voice was a royal pain.After the jellybean upgrade to 4.2 the S3 was far from butter smooth. It was a pain to launch the phone app, wait 3 seconds for it to load then type a phone number with a half second lag pressing each button.if I held the S3 in my left hand, wifi would drop 2 bars. It rarely connected to free wifi offered at hotels.I could not hold the S3 to my face for more than 5 minutes. It would get really hot at the earpiece area.I bought my Nexus 4 from google directly. I figured I could return it within the 15 day period for a full refund.It's been a month now, I am not returning it.It is super fast and smooth. If there is an android phone which can rival the smoothness of an iphone, it is this.Sure the battery does not last me two days like the S3. It only lasts me one day, but I am always thumbing this phone.All the stock applications work perfectly.The camera is also 8MP, but the picture clarity is so much better.HDR shots need a steady hand, but come out looking beautiful.I've installed many apps from the play store now. Apps like lightflow which never worked on the S3 work almost perfectly on the nexus.Apple was right about one thing. Don't look at the specs of the device alone. Look at the overall package.The nexus 4 has a lower clocked processor than the note 2 or the S3. But everything works perfectly.Bottomline: Google gives out a free os which works almost perfectly on it's own. The stock os is the way android is meant to be.Phone makers spoil the experience by loading their bloatware.The nexus 4 does not have any of the issues of the S3, and I do not miss any of the features which the S3 had (turn around to mute, palm swipe to take a snapshot.. .).

Replaced my broken phone with the same model because it's the best out there. Nexus needs more love in my opinion.

Should you buy a Nexus 4, assuming you actually can? Today, little else comes close to the Nexus 4&#8217;s quality

I got it on time but it came broken, it had a problem with the internal storage that made me factory reset it 3 times in 5 days. I had to give it back and I didn't have time to pick up another one. I really wanted this product.

I am an Android/iPhone programmer and thus go through many devices for development/testing; Over the years, I have flipped back and forth between the iPhone and Android and it's once again time to flip back to the Android camp for my personal phone with the Google Nexus 4. If the iPhone 5 was as thin and as light as the iPod Touch 5, I would have switched back to iPhone as my personal device, though it's still very much my media consumption device (tv shows, music, etc.).pros---Just right screen size (4.7") with 1280x768 HD resolution for better email, web and FB experience; Everything on the phone is much snappier/faster; Premium quality finish and feel in hand; Incredible 360 panorama photo mode; Unlocked World phone;cons---Still does not compare to Apple's device/iTunes ecosystem for buying/consuming media;

Works great!!!! Good, nice and cheap. It's a product that you feel proud, i got this phone 6 months and never had a freeze moment.

First good things - Google android OS is incomparable, works perfects on this device.Bad - LG hardware is very bad, built quality is cheap, looks like designed to self destruct within year. Picture quality is bad, phone is flimsy...I had sent it to repair under warrenty, I got very generic reply water damage, my phone is water damage so everything else works but on/off switch, seems water only affected the switch not other parts. Of course I don't have time and money to fight with LG but one thing for sure, I will never purchase any LG products anymore.I recommend every one not to use LG products.

After owning this phone for 4 months I am confident in recommending it to anyone in the market for a smartphone. No other phone comes close to the Nexus 4 in performance and value.Benefits of the 4.7 inch screen:1. Easy to type on without being unwieldy.2. Less squinting and zooming on Webpages3. Readable GPS Maps when you mount it in your car4. Makes your friend's iPhone look like a child's toyBenefits of being a stock Google phone:1. Faster performance due to lack of 3rd party bloatware (besides the apps you install yourself)2. Always be the first to get the latest Android updates, enhancing the life of the phoneOther Positive Attributes:1. Owner does not experience "lag" due to fast 4-core processor and capable gpu2. Owner can ditch a point-and-shoot on account of Nexus 4 camera quality3. Owner gains membership to an elite group of Nexus 4 owners4. Owner is more wealthy as he/she did not overpay for a smartphoneNegatives:1. Recent Android 4.3 update breaks 5Ghz WiFi connectivity, Google has not resolved the issue. (most people will have 2.4Ghz to fall back on)Other Considerations:1. Glass back is unique and stylish but also prone to breaking. I recommend a case or a clear plastic protector.2. Owner accepts responsibility to defend against trolls who think lack of 4G LTE connectivity is a negative. It is not. HPSA+ is faster than most residential internet connections in the US (emphasis on IN THE US). If you experience slow speeds on HPSA+, switch providers. Your current provider is not properly maintaining network infrastructure.3. Owner is encouraged to shop for a prepaid plan instead of a contract plan. A certain provider in the US offers 5GB high speed data prepaid for $30 a month.

this phone is wonderful i was using the galaxy nexus where it was nice with some issues like camera ..sound ...and screenthe nexus 4 brought from google and they solve all the previous problem of the galaxy nexus ...the sound is perfect..screen is wonderful and camers is very nice and the issue only is the battery i would like google to release an update that solve the battery drain its only last for 8 to 9 hours only this is while 3G is working with normal calls and an average using of internet

My first impression of this phone are very positive. My only question has to do with the power button, which seems a bit awkward. For now I am very satisfied with my Nexus 4

Phone is awesome, it came as described. Shipping was as expected. The only problem that I have is that I did not receive a case with the phone as advertised.

Perfect relation between price and quality.Exccellent mobile phone, excellent softward and hardware. Good quality of components. I don't need any more.

This is the second nexus I buy to this store and it did not disappoint me at all. Thanks for doing online shopping a good experience.

I bought the 16G phone directly from the Google Play store for $349. Shipping was another $12. It was received in 4 business days (ordered Wednesday afternoon and delivered Monday morning). Can't complain about that. Buying straight from Google will also make any future issues easier to deal with than going through a third party.The phone is everything it is hyped to be. I couldn't be more pleased with it.I am running it on Straight Talk with an ATT micro sim card. Straight Talk now only offers the T-Mobile micro sim card, but you can still get the ATT version on here and on eBay. I went with ATT because the T-Mobile coverage in my area isn't that great. The cards are in short supply, so the prices are going up. I bought mine a few weeks ago for $45. The same cards are now going to close to $70. The T-Mobile cards from Straight Talk are only $15, so if you live where there is good T-Mobile coverage, that is the way to go.In my case, it was about $410 total for the 16G phone, the shipping, and the sim card. Would have been $380 with the T-Mobile card.  Now for $45/month I have unlimited talk, text, and data on ATT through Straight Talk. I am a happy camper.

too hot and hard to move file from cellphone to desktop.but in terms of price, it's ok.bought this one for gf, she said it's ok

Got my 16gb version delivered on Jan 2nd from Google. Put in the microSIM (got it free from local Tmobile store) activated, set up phone with my email etc and up and running in  few minutes. Have put the phone to test to check if it has any of the early batch issues. So far haven't found any.Here are a few observations:Speed:I used to get about 4mb speed with Galaxy Exhibit, on Nexus 4 I am getting between 8mb to 13mb on average in my daily usage area. Plenty fast for anything I want to do on my phone.Cover:PutDiztronic Matte Back Black Flexible TPU Case for LG Nexus 4 - Retail Packagingcase and it looks great. Yes can't see the back side Nexus 4 logo. But I guess I could have waited for the translucent version. No big deal.No heating issue :Have tested for the heating issue by browsing internet for an hour. Phone gets a bit warm but definitely not hot.Camera:Camera is of high quality. One needs to learn the different setting. A little bit of practice on Photosphere needed. I was able to take some fantastic pictures.Battery life:One hour of web browsing (I use Dolphin browser) takes bertween 25% to 28% of battery. No different than any other high end Android (that don't even have quad core CPUs).All I can say is the phone is simply excellent: blazing fast, super smooth, Android Jelly bean is miles ahead of the competition as one learns the seemingly never ending features, unlocked, carrier bloat free and of course contract free.This is truly a game changer device from Google. By selling a very high end device at low cost Google is sending chills down the spines of other device makers and carriers. And giving consumers the freedom.Now some info for the curious:You can check the manufacturing info online with your phone IMEI number.csmg.lgmobile.com:9002/csmg/b2c/client/auth_model_check2.jsp?esn=[your device IMEI]In Chrome browser it would return you a string such as shown below(in IE8 you will see it in XML format):2 [IMEI entered] LGE960 AUSGBK 212KPDT330426 20121219 GLOBAL/GLOBAL N NThe manufacturing date is the numbers before the words GLOBAL/GLOBAL. It is the format YYYYMMDD.BTW, dial *#06# on your keypad to get the IMEI displayed on your phone.

Bought it like 10 months ago, now the screen is having ghost touches and being unresponsive, dont know what to do since i cant even contact the seller (Order is closed) and LG doesnt provide any help related to this divice in my countryIm really dissapointed

i bought this phone here and it was defenitely worth. the price tag of course is higher than that of google but business will  be business and someones going to get profit anyways.BUT, the PRICE and the VALUE of an object are two different things. the price i paid here on amazon i consider is WORTH the cellphone. in other words if i was asked what i CONSIDER to be the price of my cellphone i would say: 600 dollares. that said i paid less than 550 for what i consider even more expensive. SO i am happy with the purchase.Second, amazon is perhaps the only true way to buy this out of US, precisely Central America. Local LG store claims they will bring it here with a pricetag of 650-700 and untill the end of Feb. So no thanks.Third, at 350 i would of course be extremely happy of the price but as i said before i am happy with what i received for what i paid.And last, the phone is a beast. Super smooth, gaming is great, everything fast. Definitely the best phone for Q1 2013.

I started shopping for an unlocked GSM phone 3 months ago. The Nexus 4 was my top choice. But it was out of stock in the Google Play store, with no ETA in sight for its return. And if you could find one for sale elsewhere, the prices were jacked up. No, thanks.So I compromised, and bought theSamsung Galaxy S III Mini I8190- which is a fine phone. I posted a favorable review of it and don't take it back. But. The Nexus 4 is more optimized for my carrier (T Mobile) than the Galaxy S Mini (the diff is the 1700 band which T-Mo uses, the Nexus has, and the Mini doesn't). Also, I wasn't happy with the Mini's camera, which I thought was laggy when taking photos.Now, the Nexus 4 is back in stock at Google Play. Last week I surrendered to temptation and bought it from Google Play. No regrets!Pros:*** Camera is really good, much better than the Mini.*** No manufacturer bloatware. I think the built-in digital clock display is ugly, but found an attractive and efficient weather/time widget for the home page -Android Weather- so I don't need to display the ugly digital clock.*** Blazing fast operation, and an elegant interface. For instance, I touched the link to a Word file attached to a Gmail message, expecting to have more steps to open it. Nope - it just popped open on my screen. Instantly. Sweet!*** Using Adobe Reader, fabulously responsive swipe/enlarge function with pdf files.*** I'm getting better connection speeds on the T-Mo network.Cautions:*** My Mini uses a regular sized SIM card, and the Nexus 4 takes a micro SIM. However, the guys at the local T-Mo store were helpful with that.*** No slot for microSD card. This is my first smartphone without that, but so far I've loaded it with my apps and a bunch of Kindle books and still have 11 or 12 GB of available space. Videos would take up a lot of space but I would rarely want to keep those on my phone.*** The battery isn't user-replaceable. So I've bought theAnker Astro 5600mAh Backup External Battery Pack High Capacity Charger, to carry when I'm going to be away from power outlets for long days, which isn't unusual. I did a test-charge with it at home and it fully charged the phone and had plenty left in reserve. It's also much easier to use than taking off a phone cover and swapping batteries.

Amazing phone. Its fast beautiful has a great screen easy to use and most of all priced at an affordable price for such a high end phone.

The Nexus 4 was breaking the rules from the day it came out.  On it's way out the door, it did it one last time with a firesale seen 'round the world.This is far from a perfect phone. I'd love an SD slot and fully implemented USB OTG. Higher quality buttons, more local storage and better heat dissipation would be nice too. But it is very high end, with a gorgeous and versatile screen, powerful guts, an impressive amount of RAM and a price tag to die for.Carriers love the smartphone market. They've been abusing it for ages, pushing profit margins for smartphones many times higher than similar electronics markets because people don't pay attention to their total accumulated costs, just the upfront fees. That left prepaid folks with few good options. The Nexus 4 did a ton to change that, and we're seeing great new options from moto and nokia and others now that build on that success.  The smartphone market of the future is going to be a lot better for everyone, and the Nexus 4 did a lot to drive quality forward at reasonable prices.

As previous said it is very fragile. Once screen is cracked, the whole phone is useless. Google and LG Customer service are terrible. If google takes a little money out of employee buffet lunch, they would have approved a lot.  I begged LG where can I BUY screen parts, they the guy at customer service asked manager and  came back to me and suggested eBay or free market. My 21 day old nexus 4 is dead. Daily amortization is about $20.

sharp lines, sleek glass face, agile to leap from application to application, great phone except for the battery life. i have had the device for two days and at end of each day the juice meter registers 'low'. i suggest keeping the charger whenever you leave the house. the mechanical drawback is overtime the constant plugging of the charger's tine to the portal will make it loose and unserviceable. i suppose all rechargeable devices have this propensity for mechanical failure.

I tried an android phone before, but i decided that its time to change from an iphone to a bigger nicer phone, this phone is amazing i cant put it down. really love it

Excellent phone. Great features. Very fast. Very sleek. Good camera. Good battery life. Only disadvantage is lack of memory card slot.

Great phone, a few nit pick issues.Pros:StableFastModernFirst to get updatesunlockedrootedHigh screen resolution2 gigs of ramCons:-A bit on the heavy side.-Limited to 3g on Lte networks.-Design feels very generic, basically a wider/taller Iphone design.-No sd card support.-Colors aren't as vibrant as they are on The HTC One X (most glaring con) If you aren't coming form that particular phone I doubt you'll think anything of it. Colors look good just more like they are drawn with pastels.Final ThoughtsFor the money there is no better option, even money aside the only other phone that may be slightly better is the GS3. Tmobile has a prepaid $30 a month unlimited Data/Texting plan, and you can use a VOIP service with your data plan to get unlimited talk.If you can drop $350, there certainly is no reason to be on a contract with your carrier anymore.-Side note you will have to pay tax on the $350 even if you order online.------------------------------------------UPDATE 7/30/2013The speaker/mic location on this phone is terrible.-1 speaker on the back of the phone. This meansif you have the original version the sound ismuffled when lying flat.-The more pressing issue is if you hold thislike a right handed person would it is very easyto have your hand cover the singular mic on the phoneand you will not be heard by whoever you are talking to.

Amazing phone. I love it. Nothing much required to talk about this .....One of the best product from Google Android.

Amazing phone. Sleek and comfortable to hold. Really fast and super responsive. But the camera is a dissapointment. It doesn't take good pictures but its not a deal breaker for me since I dont use the phone to take pictures.

It is a good device, but there seems to be no initial opportunity to sync with MS LiveId, I used to have Windows phone and I could have contacts on both LiveID and Google accounts. Now I need to join them in one account That's why I set 4 stars.

I got tmy Nexus 4 recently through amazon, and I must admit I was surprised by the high quality of it. Also, Jelly Bean is an excellent system. I was really happy with it, until I started to notice that at home or office, when connected to wifi networks, push notifications were taking up to 30 minutes when screen was off, but they were immediate when on 3G. I found this is a common problem for this phone. I think google will fix it in the next update of Jelly Bean, You can read more about this issue on http://productforums.google.com/forum/#!topic/mobile/SQH6JnIFYcQ%5B1-25-false%5D

Great UI, simple to use, fantastic build quality, all in all Nexus 4 is a winner. have been using a blackberry for the last couple of years, nexus 4 beats it hands down in terms of experience

This phone is perfect and i got it for  a wonderful price. It has big screen, excellent camera, and the android system is up to date. It competes with all the other phones if not surpassing them but is affordable. The back of the phone looks pretty cool but the only problem is that it is also glass so you have to be even more careful and should buy a case for it so you cant show off the back of the phone. I think anyone looking for an unlocked phone should buy this one and it ships fast! My rating of the Nexus 4 is actually 10 stars lol but it wont go that high.

This is a good phone. Just be aware guys that sometimes in Nexus 4 if you screen protector it hides you proximity sensor and that's why it turns off display when you call someone. So you might have to cut the screen protector a little. But overall it's a great phone!

This phone seems nice on the surface but the quality is really poor. The touch screen is made of glass, not the advanced material that iphone screen is made of. I dropped my iphone 4 many times and it hasn't got a scratch. My Nexus 4, instead, even with the google bumper on (!), cracked falling out of my pocket accidentally (when I leaned forward) from less than 1 meter away above the ground. The LCD is still fine but the touch screen stopped functioning. I was initially very excited switching to android but now am very disappointed. This is a good looking toy, far from a durable product. I will switch back to Apple again.

I love this phone. It's easy to use, I can back up everything, everything backs up automatically. My biggest complaints are that it is fragile and that sometimes sync can be a little flaky. When my navigation was updated to Google maps it took me a bit to get used to it. I love that all my updates are automatic!

Everything about the phone is great except the volume. It's unusable as a music player. It's really quiet with large headphones and isn't even loud enough for ear buds. The speaker volume is also low. I have no idea why it can't be as loud as an iPod. I guess they messed up the design.

I am not a connoisseur of cell phones; indeed this is my first smart phone. I picked it because I have a Nexus 7 which I love and I like the Android ecosystem. I realize that the Nexus 7 is an Asus device and the Nexus 4 is an LG device. Nonetheless I love the phone. It's fast and the sound is very clear (yes, I actually use it as a phone). With my e-book apps I can keep my bookmarks up-to-date across devices. The only drawback is that, as an LG, it is somewhat difficult to find accessories such as cases. However, a little searching and I was able to find what I needed.

The best smartphone I ever had, you are never going to regret for pruchase this phone best android experience I had

It is a google product, very well finished, good sizing, fast and with a great Operation System. It is the best phone you will find around.

Not a bad product, but it is a copy of the iPhone, so just give it 3 stars, I think it must be original and not copy, the box is equal to the iPhone's box :-(

This phone is by far the best. I'll explain why. My brother bought the S4, and I have to say, although colors are richer, I don't notice the huge pixel density difference, at all. This is something I always complained about. The human eye can difference up to 300 ppi at a decent distance, then why do they put 450ppi screens if you can't enjoy it. It's fast, with Android 4.3 update works really fluid, and you won't notice any kind of lag whatsoever. I reccommend both this phone and this seller.

great design, light, fast, unlocked.I use a screen protector. it looks very easy to scratch.android 4.2.2 updated by Google.requires microsim.don't have external storagecan't take off the battery if it ever comes to get locked

You cant go wrong with this phone, its a great phone for good price.The cmera is no so good but I already know it.

Its a great phone, but I dont recommend to someone that already have a galaxy s3 or some 2012 high-end phone. I purchased just because I'm a big fan of Android OS, I want to have google's android updates faster than those by sammy, motorola, specially here in my country, where those updates are not that often.

Words can not describe the stupidity of whoever decided it would be a good idea to make the back of this phone as slippery as humanly possible. It serves no useful purpose, at all.I'd have this thing sitting on a table and slowly slide off over the course of about 5-10 minutes more times than I can count.After repairing it twice, I'm done.

I bought this phone and had it for over a year, then it was stolen a week ago. I was pretty bumped, I loved that phone. Needs to be protected in order for it to last impeccable. Beautiful design, specially in the back part. One thing I dont like its that it is a phone powered by google, needs to have something trackable, dont know a serial chip (im not very technological), but oh well, life goes on. Excellent phone!

UPDATE March, 2014:The fact that it doesn't have a SD slot made it unusable after a while with no memory for new apps, pics, videos, mp3, etc (although trying to follow google trend towards online services).And I'm relieved now that I went back to a Samsung Galaxy Note phone with 64Gb SD card (and amazing battery life).Moving the files from Nexus to the SD card/Galaxy was such a pain, that I will never go back to a phone with no SD card (hope future Nexus include it since in the OS department are the best, but unusable for other ala Apple/iOS/iPhone limitations like the non existent SD card nonsense.Previous upgrades between Samsung Galaxy phones was such a breeze... just had to change the SD and had all my mp3 collection, photos (I'm a photographer), videos, etcUPDATE December 16, 2013:I bought 2 phones three months ago (September 2013), and one of them is new completely dead and bricked. Only red led light sometimes when charging it. I've done all the button combinations possible for more than 60 seconds, and nothing (Power + Vol Down for 10 or >60 sec, Power + Vol Up for 10 and for 60 sec, Power + Vol Up + Vol down for 10 or 60 sec... all of them connected to computer, to AC power or not connected... even tried some combinations found online x sec vol down, then connect to pc, then Vol Down + Power... etc, etc, etc), and the phone is dead.From the two phones I bought one was for me, the other for my dad who doesn't use much of the features, mainly phone calls, whatsapp and Waze, and nothing more, so I would have expect that my phone could have failed before.From who I should reclaim the warranty? from google directly, from LG, via Amazon?Thanks=======First review: Real android is amazing, Phone lacks some really basic stuffI've been an android user since the Motorola Droid, and by far the user experience on the Nexus 4 with Android 4.2, which updated to 4.3 during the first hour of use, and in some weeks will update to 4.4 it's simply awesome. Amazing job google, and more shame to Samsung and it's TouchWajjjj, HTC and all other companies which ruin the experience, and delay and block android updates.The really bad side, is that although amazing and in the correct line in terms of software... with all the spirit of Google, Android, Linux, etc... the hardware has some major flaws. How not include an external micro SD card slot, not interchangeable batteries, no radio, no MLH... it's a pitty, and the SD card and the battery, it's so Microsoft and Apple way that it's unbelievable Google could have accepted something like that. I hope on Android 4.4 they don't make it mandatory to use iTunes or Outlook.Not considering these major hardware omissions, what it is on the phone, and it's built quality is awesome. I would prefer hard buttons on the front instead of the screen ones. The led is implemented great, why not put hardware buttons next and under it? instead of the software ones (which can't wake the phone and make playing impossible). Also it would be good that the borders protrude 1 mm or less as to be able to use the phone without the bumper case, making it less slippery and add enough protection to put it on different surfaces without worrying of the glass getting scratched.The speaker is weak.And the battery doesn't last enough... if you are in a place with bad signal reception, the phone will drain all its battery in a couple of hours!!!...I miss my Galaxy Note 2, which could last for 2 days with no problem, and if it died on battery, I just poped in a fresh one. Also I have a 64 Gb card on it with all my mp3's and videos... I could hear radio and could reproduce videos, music or see pictures or manage/transfer files from & to a pen drive with a micro USB to USB connector, or output full HD videos through MHL to HDMI cable to any TV. The perfect thing would be a Galaxy Note 3/S4 with Android 4.3 with no Samsung Bloatware, which could update to last Android, with no need to be flashing firmwares, etc...

the question that will hunt you for the rest of eternity after using this phone is that why isn't the stock android deployed for all android phones instead of these disastrous skins from Samsung , htc and others .the nexus is the best android phone you can buy . simple.

It is good phone. It is slim and wonderful experience.I hope all of you can try this one. just try it.

Very good good. i recommend it for everyone. It's gonna be perfect for everyone. However, It has to Extra SD slot.

I really like it a lot, I was using the sammsung nexus 3 and this one is much better, my only complain would be, that I paid 350 dollars and two weeks later there was a 100 dollars reduction on the price

finally an android phone that really works. excellent integration with google services, lots of RAM and a good price. and finally no bloatware.

I based my purchase mostly on this very detailed review[...]of which only some features I can attest, like the battery life (typically lasts a day or so) and the good integration between hardware and OS. At some point I had eight internet tabs open, was playing a game and got called by someone; the system did not even flinch.I've had it for about three months now and what I can add is that I had a problem with the proximity sensor: it is used to deactivate the screen when you are calling someone, so that you don't click on things with your ear. A couple of times, though, the screen did not reactivate after I've pulled it away from my face, and I had to press the power button to stop the call.This still is a minor detail and doesn't change my overall impression of the phone. Great and ununderstandably cheap.

This is my first smartphone which means two things.  First, I am inexperienced yet had no trouble at all learning to use this phone.  Second, being inexperienced, I cannot compare it to other smartphones.In 7 months, I have had the battery go dead on one occasion.  I had the wifi on and was out shopping.  I think it was constantly searching.  Other than that, I have had at least 35% left every night when I plug it in.I have AT&T; no contract service.  I hardly ever have dropped calls.  When I did have one, I was on the highway.The screen is just excellent.  I don't know about other phones but I cannot imagine a better quality picture.The camera can take gorgeous pictures.  When they don't turn out, I blame the photographer.I have only used free apps.  I like the navigator app and other apps that came with it.If something happened to this phone, I would buy another one without a second thought.

Affordable with such impressive specs. People say the camera is not too good but really it's not that bad. Recommended for app developers.

Awesome phone, unbeatable price-quality relation. This store has the phone a bit overpriced (though it allows for getting the phone faster).

The handset its good overall. Good screen, fast, but, it has some glitches, perhaps due to android 4.3 where it overheats, suddenly switches off overnight, so you cannot rely on it for alarm clock.

What a reliable piece of equipment.  It was absolutely fabulous to use in Latin America and the US.  I love all the applications from Google and I was able to do my research work with it; uploading interviews, converting pdf files, and scanning.  Simply the best!  I sold it recently because it is too big for my hands but if Nexus comes up with a size like the Samsung mini, I will go back with my eyes closed.  Other than that, which is a personal choice, this is the best phone ever!

I had problems with this phone from the beginning, but chalked it up to perhaps user error.  The phone, when the battery gets low, doesn't charge if you leave the power on - the battery icon flashes off and on, and when the battery gets really low, it starts to make a bizarre &#34;clackety clack&#34; noise.  When the icon was flashing recently, I plugged it in and the screen showed 33% power.  15 minutes later I checked it, and it said 2% power, and the clackety clack noise started when I tried adjusting the charger cable that came with it.  I read online and others have had the same issue.  I have to say, Amazon stepped up and they are allowing me to return it, as it clearly is defective.  I won't be getting another Nexus phone, though - this has definitely steered me away from the Nexus brand.

The touchscreen's not responding half of the time. Also, it randomly presses down different points of the screen so, for example, the back or the home button are pressed at high speed, for which it's impossible to use any function of the cellphone.It all started happening after the gadget itself updated to the current Android version, and putting it back to its factory settings didn't work. I haven't dropped or hit my Nexus, and I'd also been using it mostly at home, so I'm sure the hardware's fine. I've read that some other Nexus 4 users have been having the same problem, also after they updated the OS.

Dely was prompt product is nice and well packed with features and options as all other similar Andorid products, very pleased with the unit and performance

BOUGHT THIS PHONE AT THE PLAYSTORE ONCE IT WENT DOWN TO $199 FOR THE 8GB VERSION BUT HAD LET EVERYONE KNOW. The phone itself is beautiful phone, but that's where anything good about this phone begins and stops.I have t-mobile and had bought an atrix HD(unlocked) a few weeks ago prior to buying this phone to see how good it performed with T-Mobile--the atrix has LTE which I can fully access where the service is available from T-Mobile just by adding the APN "fast.T-Mobile.com" in the mobile network settings of the phone. Needless to say the nexus 4 SUCKS!!!! The atrix has better battery life,has LTE, better screen resolution(higher PPI) and brightness, has SD card slot, takes better/faster camera shots...there might have been something I missed...but there you go!!!

I thought this was too good to be true.  I broke the screen and sensor on my phone by being a drunk person so I went to Google Play to see if they still sold it.  NOPE. Google play doesn't sell this anymore... .  which is too bad because they were selling it for a low price of 200 bucks-ish.  Then I found this used version on Amazon, ordered it right away, put in my sim card, and BOH BOH BOH! It worked like a charm.  You really can't beat this price... I'll check back after a few months.This Phone is SUCH A STEAL man!  But I suggest buying something to protect its very fragile frame.  My last one fell on its face and went kaput.  Do it... get me coffee... Do it!

Brisk processor (although I'm not a gamer).  Phone reception in our home is spotty even though we have a t-mobile extender.  No sound through headphone jack when charging (hopeful an Android update will fix this.).  Ringke SLIM case and RND dock both work well with this phone.

I have been using this phone for a few weeks, and I must say that I am quite impressed with it. It is a little bit bigger than my hand, which took some getting used to when migrating from my old phone, but I was able to adjust. The volume buttons are in a slightly different position than my old phone, so the first few times I used them I missed and ended up hitting the up volume when I was  aiming to turn it down. This is mostly due to me being used to a smaller phone, so if you are someone upgrading from a smaller phone, these are things you should be aware of.As for the phone itself, it is quite thin and has a very nice finish on the back. The size makes it feel slightly more prone to slipping from your hand, so I do suggest purchasing a case. I have not picked out one myself yet but do plan to.As for the responsiveness of the phone, the processor is very fast and the fact that you get the latest updates to Android is a major bonus. Within the first time of powering on, I had already received my first Android update that I have ever received over the air, and I have been using an Android phone for a year and a half. The fact that it doesn't come with any extra bloat from carriers is a very big bonus.Now some things I have heard mentioned that are major complaints about the phone: lack of LTE and lack of removable battery, and the lack of an SD card. The lack of LTE doesn't concern me very much, as through T-Mobile I have still been able to get 10Mbps down and 1Mbps up easily. The removable battery would be nice, but at this time it has not been too big of a concern for me. If you run the phone very hard, chances are you may drain the battery in about 5 hours, but if you simply use it for light browsing and keep it locked some, it will last you through the day. For the final concern, in order to get around storing my whole music collection on my phone, I have begun using google music. Since you get 25,000 songs for free, I was easily able to fit my whole music collection on google music. If you do this however you will want to be careful with any limits your carrier imposes on your wireless, I have already used 1.7GB of my 2GB plan halfway through the month, about 500MB of which was used on music. Now that I know I can easily "pin" and "unpin" songs while I am on wifi in google music (which downloads them to your phone for listening), I will be using that feature to save my phone bandwidth.To wrap up: Great phone overall, and if you are looking for a clean android experience with no hassles, this may very well be your phone.

I looked & looked to review the T-Mobile version here on amazon, but could only find the Unlocked version to review. So with that in mind, lets get started:Let me start off by admitting up front, based on my brief stint working for AT&T;, I was NOT a fan of LG phones. Not in the slightest. In fact, some of the worst phones I've EVER seen were LG models (however, in the spirit of honesty, I can't comment on LG models sold on the Verizon or Sprint networks). I have always wanted the Pure Google Experience, but for one reason or another, the opportunity never really presented itself...until Verizon lied to me about keeping my unlimited data plans, took it away from me, and oh yeah, the fact that they charge OUTRAGEOUS sums for their service, well, it bugged me once too often and I jumped ship.I used to believe that once you've had LTE service, you'd never go back...that is until I had the AT&T; Galaxy Note, and where I live, we are blanketed with their low-tier 4G service, and no LTE. Verizon literally covers almost my whole state with LTE service, however. The difference between that low-tier 4G & LTE--at least as far as how I use the internet, was rather minimal, or at least not so significant that it bothered me. Now yIn my area, T-Mobile happens to cover the area rather sporadically with their HSPA+ service, which they bill as ALMOST LTE download speeds, which is pretty good--IF you can get the service. Unfortunately, the 4G is SO spotty, that taking just ONE step in any particular direction can mean the difference between full 4 bars of 4G and NO 4G whatsoever. A rather large portion of my town has ZERO HSPA+ service...something I did not know until after I joined up with T-Mobile. Oh well.I did a great deal of research about the Nexus 4 (unlike the poor reasearch I did about coverage...) before making my decision, and after all is said and done, I am VERY impressed with the phone. At first I thought something was wrong when I went into the app drawer, but it dawned on my quickly that because its Pure Google, I don't have to be weighed down by all the TONS of bloatware that ALL carriers dump into their phones. Color me very happy indeed. The phone itself is very nice, feels great in my hands--however, the rather large b-u-u-u-t that accompanies that statement revolves around the fact that next to the iPhone 4 and 4S (the two most easily shattered phones ever designed in history), the Nexus 4 is remarkably easy to break as well, considering how much glass its packed inside of. I hear that even the Gorilla Glass 2 front is prone to breaking as well. No matter how you slice it, you simply MUST purchas a case to protect this investment or the inevitable WILL happen, it always does.Performance...? Awesome. Flawless, to be exact. Everything is crisp and QUICK. Thanks to the quad-core processor, things fly at lightning speed and I have yet to see any kind of hiccup...which is very nice. The scrolling with Jelly Bean is fluid and very buttery, like they said it would be. Nice to see they were right. From the lock screen's new additional widgets, to the wonderful cool options of Google Now (think iPhone's Siri only SERIOUSLY better), there is a LOT to like.One thing I do a LOT of on my phone is text...so the keyboard is critical to me. Adding its own gesture/swype-like keyboard was a nice feature, but I got to missing Swype...enough so that I went to their website and downloaded it myself (had to jump through a few hoops to actually get it to run, but it was worth it). The whole speech-to-text function has received a GIGANTIC overhaul...you'll either love it or not. Personally I think its a nice step up. I really think if you have a phone with Jellybean 4.2.2, take advantage of Google Now. If you don't you are missing out. Seriously.One other thing I REALLY like is the addition of Phonetic Spelling to contacts. The truth of the matter is this, we ALL know someone with an odd spelling to their name, or last name that speech-to-text function never seems to recognize, so this function really allows you to be creative in phoneticially spelling that name, and allowing Google Now to search it easily on your phone. It may be an easy and simple thing, but it was a VERY welcome addition if you ask me.The camera seems to have undergone a nice overhaul, too. It looks entirely different now, but not too difficult to navigate through. I haven't tried Photosphere yet, but I'm anxious to give it a shot. What I REALLY do like is the photo editing feature that makes cropping, Coloring & regular editing fairly simple and intuitive. Haven't tried to video anything yet, but I'll post my results when I do.What has bugged me was how un-impressed I am with the battery. Coming from the Droid Razr, with a rather anemic 1750 mAh battery to the Nexus and a much larger 2100 mAh battery, I truly expected a great increase in how much I could use my phone...alas, I was mistaken. I really believe that I could get about 30% more usage on my Razr than with the Nexus. Pretty disappointing considering the difference in battery size. I've also owned several smartphones over the years, and heavy internet browsing generally heats up the phone to a certain degree. Some phones suffer from this more than others, but I have to say, the virtually all-glass Nexus heats up to an uncomfortable degree, enough so that I once placed it on my knee while wearing shorts and it almost burned me. Sorry, but this is unacceptable. Maybe a change will come soon with an update, which, thankfully with Google, should come fast and regularly. Otherwise, I may take it back to see what the deal is.I really like the position of the buttons. Not bothersome like on my Razr. I HATED having the volume buttons directly under the power buttons. The number of times I pressed the up volume instead of the power key and wondered why the phone didn't turn on (or off)...well, its enough to drive you nuts after the hundredth time, trust me.I am also impressed with how thin the phone is. Just barely thicker than the Razr (which is truly the thinnest phone around) and yet overall, no bigger. Set the phones side by side and I was very happy with the fact that my screen is a full half-inch bigger, and yet the phone isn't any larger overall. Nice.The screen--while true HD, well ISN'T nearly as vibrant as I expected it to be. I may be in the minority here, but I just expected it to pop more like a Super Amoled screen does. With that being said, the screen IS beautiful, and probably renders colors more natural-like than Amoled screens do, at least I can be honest with that. I just personally prefer the over-saturated colors I got with Amoled phones. Oh well.Call quality and speaker functions were exceptional, too. Didn't drop any calls, and I was impressed with the clarity and loudness of the speaker on the back. By the way, the phone has dual mic's so you have the noise canceling function that most high-end smartphones have been including for a few years now.All things considered, I am VERY happy with the phone, other than the small complaints I registered above. Overall, I have to say this is probably the best Android phone on the market (unless you MUST have LTE)...at least for the time being. I realize that will change any moment now, but such is life in the world of advancing electronics. Look for updates soon...***UPDATE***Totally forgot to include this in my initial review: the LED light which at first I thought was absent entirely, well, it turns out that the Nexus 4 really DOES have an LED indicator light...unfortunately, it isn't a bright one, and its at the bottom of the phone (in the center) instead of at the top as per most smartphones. I don't really care where the light happens to be, just that the phone has one. The original Galaxy Note didn't have one at all, which I felt was a GIGANTIC Fail on Samsungs part, but oh well. The LED on the Nexus 4 has to be enabled in settings, as it comes out of the box disabled--which I find a bit puzzling. On top of that, mine never really seemed to work worth a darn--until I downloaded an app which allowed me to access it and therefore adjust it for how quickly it blinked and what color. Again, it seems sporadic as far as how easy it is to get the thing to properly work, but at least it does. Honestly, the fact that it doesn't work ALL the time is a fairly big Oops on LG's part. This technology is pretty standard in even ultra-cheap phones and smartphones alike, so the fact that this one only works so-so is a problem with design. I've noticed forums online which speak to this in-depth so it isn't just an isolated incident, fyi.Also, I had owned an Android-based Bluetooth keyboard which I LOVE and used regularly on both the Galaxy Note & the Droid Razr without problem, but unfortunately, will NOT work on Jellybean 4.2 and above. It'll pair no prob--but there is no way to get the keyboard to actually WORK, and trust me, I've read as much as I believe you can on the subject and still nothing. Honestly, I believe a work-around will arrive probably rather soon via an OTA update, but in the meantime, I have this nice keyboard which is on my shelf now collecting dust as it is unusable for the time being. Another big Oops if you ask me.I really like the screen's responsiveness. MUCH better than ALL previous Android devices. Even close to the very edge, where I had noticed a lack of sensitivity on all other phones I had used. Nice going, LG.The Nexus boots up from being turned totally off in a remarkably short amount of time--easily 75% faster than any other phone I've used (with the possible exception of the HTC One X, which still may be the fastest available--at least that I have personally seen). Nothing was slower than the Blackberries, but this was a nice and VERY pleasant surprise. Maybe those extra two cores help in that matter...Camera is impressive as well. Clearly better than all other models I've used, again, with the possible exception of the HTC One X, which has an absolutely STELLAR optical device. Honestly, I'm not a photographer by trade, but the Nexus 4's camera certainly seems to be the equal of the One X in pretty much all areas other than color saturation. The addition of photosphere is just brilliant. You simply have to try it. I really love this feature, even though its more novel than anything else, it IS pretty dang sweet. And I REALLY continue to love the photo editing features which come with Jellybean. Nice touch, Google. I keep wondering when we'll start to see megapixels larger than 8 become standard on these phones. 8 has been around for an eternity (as far as electronics are concerned) and I'm thinking a 10MP camera really ought to be the norm by now--but what do I know, huh?***UPDATE #2***As I stated above, I downloaded Swype simply because in my experience, it has the best function which I prefer at understanding accurately what I'm trying to write. I recently tried Swiftkey Flow (trial) and found it to be pretty much just as accurate, and I even like the customization--however, I see no reason to PAY for the full version (because I'm a cheapskate, honestly) when Swype will do what I want for FREE. With that being said, let me admit that I like to change things up quite a bit on my phone, the background, widget layout etc. and once in a while, I like to switch keyboards just to make my experience varied. I tried to go BACK to the stock Android keyboard (which really IS pretty well done), and no matter what I did, I couldn't get it enabled. I spent the better part of 2 days trying to figure out what was wrong. I hadn't deleted it, so where was it? Finally, out of sheer frustration, I kinda gave up when it hit me. I went into settings, down to apps, and searched for it and voila! There it was. I have no idea HOW or WHY, but it had been disabled. Don't get that at all. I didn't do it, but at least it was an easy fix to re-enable it. The gesture typing (as they are calling it) takes a bit to get used to since as you trace along the screen a little box follows you with the predictive text it THINKS you're trying to write. It IS correct more often than not, but I have to say, it DOES take a bit to get used to that little thing following your finger around. You can turn it off, by the way, but once you get used to it, I found it actually kinda useful. Let me say this: if Swiftkey Flow was free, I'd keep it in a heartbeat. LOVE its layout and convenience. I dare say its the best Swype-like keyboard I've seen to date. Don't be fooled, there are a bunch in the Google Play store to choose from, but while some spend a great time in making the keyboard LOOK good, they spend much less time making it accurate. I won't name names because what I dislike, YOU might actually prefer. Everyone is different, and I recommend trying it yourself before making decision...don't just take my word for it.***UPDATE #3***The longer I have this phone, the more I really like it. I cannot stress, however, how important it is to get a case to protect it. Being virtually all glass, it certainly FEELS like quality--unfortunately, it also feels rather slick. I've noticed it slipping on the counter when I placed it on top of a stack of items that was slightly at an angle. Slippage that wouldn't have happened with any other phone I've personally owned, and definitely not with a decent case protecting it.Google Now is simply awesome. I've watched several video's and read many articles comparing it with Siri, and almost all have them neck-and-neck except for a few which were ridiculously biased towards apple. They each have their own strengths over the other. If you like snarky responses, Siri is your gal. But if you want a service which will (over time, of course) recognize your schedule, commute time and other things you do regularly, and offer you with simple solutions, such as knowing that you have an appointment at 5, but the busses in your area are running slow, or traffic is backed up due to an accident, Google Now will send you a reminder to leave a little extra early. Siri not only doesn't, but cannot pull this off. The honest truth is that the differences and preferences are pretty much personal, and in no way mean one is inherently better than the other. I found Siri to be a great novel idea which--after a couple months, very few people regularly used. However, Google Now (IMO) offers things to me as help even if I don't ask it to. I can choose to ignore them or heed the advice. Its up to me. Just points to ponder.I have changed my opinion on the clarity and color saturation of the screen (for the most part). I simply wasn't using a screen wallpaper which allowed the phones color to really shine. I also had the screen brightness as low as it would go. Turn it up and you'll see a world of difference.Screen responsiveness remains very good and while I've personally used Verizon's 4G LTE (as well as AT&T;'s) and I am VERY impressed with T-Mobile's HSPA+ speeds. I won't place it up with LTE, but I must admit (when I actually HAVE the service) that its mighty quick. With a good signal, I'd say its 85% as fast as LTE. VERY impressive, T-Mobile. Now hurry up and get those two other towers in town so I'll have a decent signal all over my small town. One other thing about T-Mobile's service in my area, its either their 4G or Edge service, no 3G at all. Talk about a MAJOR differnce. Holy COW! I may end up moving to Vegas before too long and I know my service will work great with the coverage they have down there.Google went to work on Jelly Bean with Project Butter to help with how the screen fluidly switches from one to the next, and no matter how tiny that may seem to you, the end result is pure bliss. It works...really, REALLY well. Not only do I have no complaints, but supreme kudos to Google for pulling it off and in VERY nice style. No longer can my iOS friends claim better screen transitions. In truth, this is something that Android has had to play catch-up on for far too long. It SHOULD have been worked out back when Froyo came out several years back. But at least its here and works wonderfully.Google Now just keeps getting cooler to me. It "Learns" your life and reacts accordingly the more you use your phone and the longer you have it. I have added a Google Now widget to my homescreen, and it just popped up to tell me my commute home would take a bit longer than usual due to traffic issues on the route I normally take. A few minutes later, the time was changed again as the traffic became even worse. I didn't ASK Google to give me that info, but since I allowed Google that ability in settings (you have to give it permission, otherwise Google Now is only a nifty tool, more like Siri) it just gave me that info right away. If I have appointments, it looks ahead to see if I need to leave sooner to make the appointment based on traffic, or if I take the bus it'll remind me to leave sooner based on those perameters as well. It LEARNS...Siri does not. For that alone, GN beats apple. No doubt that will change with the newest iOS update scheduled for later this year. But having a Nexus phone assures me that no matter how much iOS improves, Google will, too and I'll continue to receive the FIRST updates when they become available.Another cool feature of Jelly Bean is Smart App updates. In a nutshell, before when an app I downloaded received an update, I would have to re-download the entire app all over again from the Play Store, and within it would be the small update. Even IF the actual update was only 1mb in size, but the entire upate was 22mb's...you'd seriously use up bandwidth as well as precious data (for those not on unlimited plans). With Android 4.2 when an app needs upating, you download ONLY that part of the app which is new, therefore saving a great deal of bandwidth AND data usage. This is not only smart, but freakin' genius if you ask me. I'm kinda surprised that Google doesn't shout this from the rooftops because its a pretty big deal for those who have data limits and no regular access to WiFi like some people are fortunate to have.I've tried several different Home Screen Launchers since I got the Nexus 4 and always seem to just go back to the stock Launcher. Don't get me wrong, some of the newer apps are simply brilliant, and the 3D effects are just awesome. But truth be told, these days that just does't cut it for me. I just want my phone to WORK. The less stuff I add to it, I find it just works better. Thats just me, though. I understand that may not be for everyone. To each his own, right?One more thing: I've recently discovered the Tasker App for Android. Holy freakin' COW! The closest thing I'm aware of that is similar is something Motorola has started to add on their newer devices--but it can't do a tenth of what Tasker can do. It is TOTALLY worth the cost (and so far, the ONLY app I've ever paid for). You can set your phone to turn up the brightness when opening up Google Chrome, and it'll automatically dip down to whatever setting it was before (you have to NOT have it on Automatic Brightness for this to work, however). I've set my GPS to auto turn-on the moment I open the Maps app, and shut off as soon as I exit. It may sound less than interesting, but trust me, its amazing how helpful it can be. If I receive a phone call and I want to silence the call, I simply turn my phone face down, the ringer will automatically shut off. Now, keep in mind this app takes a bit to get used to and I doubt many will ever truly use it to its full potential (yes, it can do THAT much stuff), and I recommend looking at the YouTube instructions which will help immeasurably on how to set it up and give you an idea--it'll help more than you know.***FINAL UPDATE***After a bit of a struggle, I received and downloaded update 4.4 Kit Kat a few days ago. First off, I gotta say I'm disappointed. Not with how the phone is operating, but with what we were TOLD to expect, and with what this update actually delivers. I've watched several YouTube videos with early versions on the N4 as well as Google's official tour of what to not only expect from the N5 but the official reviews after it was initially released. A LOT was placed upon the new & improved Transparent home screen. Did that come to the N4? Nope. Also, the swipe to the left to get Google Now also wasn't included. Now why wasn't all that made clear from the absolute BEGINNING has been a real disappointment. At least we would've known instead of waiting this whole time only to find out AFTER the download instead of expecting it the way Google SHOULD have handled this debacle. And the fact that Verizon's Moto X got the update BEFORE ANY Nexus device was not only an insult, but a slap in the face, too. Yes I understand that Motorola now being owned by Google makes their products kinda, sorta Nexus-like. Yes, I know. But regardless, that doesn't make them Nexus devices. Period. Even if my phone had received it a day BEFORE they released it, I still would have been surprised, but a lot less perturbed. These are the reasons why people like me purchased the Nexus in the first place is because we were lead to believe that WE'D get those updates FIRST. Not so any longer. Also, after positioning 4.4 as for ALL--and bragging how it uses the least amount of RAM of most of the earlier versions of Android and yet NOT making it available for the Galaxy Nexus could be the biggest insult of all. It'll run on as little as 512MB of RAM and yet you won't allow the GNexus to update? WHY?? That alone makes it NOT the OS for everyone. Oh, I'm sure someone will make a modified version available for the GNexus probably soon, but the fact that it wasn't issued by Google itself is an Epic FAIL in MY opinion. Just sayin'.The icons are bigger under 4.4. Quite a bit actually. And I'm NOT a fan of that. Sure my screen is decent sized, but even with such limited real estate, I hate for too much space to be used up by simple icons which CANNOT be re-sized or moved. Some may not be bothered by this at all, but I felt it was worth mentioning all the same.For those who have the N4 and STILL want the N5-like experience without actually having to buy one, go search for the 'Google Experience Launcher' (as I write this, you cannot find it in the Play Store). It will in fact give you the transparancy home screen, the swipe to left Google Now as well as the ability to simply speak "OK Google" while on any home screen to launch Google Now. Keep in mind that by enabling this feature, because the N4 wasn't designed for this function, it WILL use a bit more juice than usual (fairly noticeable if you ask me). You can turn the feature off and retain everything else, but its worth noting all the same.Google Now is more fluid and the speech recognition seems greatly improved. Sure, some words are problematic, but that's life when using technology (and I might add aren't any easier to speak using Siri, either). I've noticed a nice improvement overall with it. VERY happy with that aspect. For me, the new phone functions are simply awesome. MUCH better than before. I'm really liking that part of Kit Kat A LOT. Still a lot to like about the N4--but the battery life is still pretty miserable. I WAS considering getting the Nexus 5 seeing as it was supposed to essentially be the G2 without all the LG bloatware and UI crap. But the battery on the G2 is massive compared to the rather anemic one they put in the N5. Maybe that was for budgetary consideration seeing as they are selling it for about the cheapest price you can purchase a first class smartphone these days. Oh well. I just may go with the N5 after all...if not that then maybe the Note 3--which I really like. I just want to see Kit Kat made available to that before I take the plunge. I just loved my first Note. Size DOES matter, and for me, it was awesome. SO hard to go back to anything else without that large screen. I miss it big time.

I've had the galaxy nexus for over a year, it did get a few knocks and dents but never a deep scratch on the touchscreen. this one got it after two weeks. so much for gorilla glass.apart from that it is exactly what I expected.

Just got a Nexus 4 a few days ago. I've been using a Samsung Focus i917 Windows Phone for the last few years.I *REALLY* miss Microsoft's Zune software. This is used for syncing music, photos, and video between the phone and a PC. I like it a lot more than Google Music. With Google Music, you have to upload your collection to their servers, and then download the items back to your phone. Zune can perform the sync between the PC and phone over the local wifi network.I also miss the Focus AMOLED screen when viewing the screen out in the sunlight.The Focus has the USB and audio ports at the top edge of the phone. The N4 has the audio on top and the USB on the bottom; this is awkward when I've got both connected.I miss the Windows Phone metro style interface; the there seems to be more consistent UI conventions across metro apps.Besides these issues, the phone is pretty awesome.

PROS:- superb build quality!- gorgeous looking- unique....trust me, this looks like nothing else out there- beautiful display- nice weight and solid feel in the hand- stock android jellybean with no bloatware- super fast! everything happens instantly- decent camera- good call qualityCONS:- no LTE- no SD card capability (if you store large amts of media, 16GB may run out quickly)- battery life is mediocre (struggles to get through a day with average use of wifi, HSPA+, few games etc)

good mobile. I like its design, price, soft & hardwareI recommend this google nexus 4 gsm phone to other

Not much negative to say about this phone. Love the quad core super quickness of this phone. Apps are ready and loaded in super fast time.  Ex., I can be playing a game, answer an incoming call, and after hanging up goes right back to app/game.  Power cycles quickly. Has yet to freeze up or have any major foul ups in the month I have been using it.  Everything a smart phone should be, and isn't anything it shouldn't be, and at a very smart price.  I believe I may be a nexus google (or variant thereof) user for life now.  Screw you I-phone! lol

This phone has the best price / quality ratio. The only cons I found is the Gorilla Glass which is not so strong.

There's no arguing the list of capabilities of the device, it's indisputable.  However it's the way an Android device goes about it that makes me want to return it. And make no mistake, this is the best, most elegant Android device out there. And I even am not complaining about the touch-only typing, which is great &#8211; as is the swipe-to-type feature. Amazing.&#8226; very hard to use quickly. too much stop-and-think required to navigate the UI&#8226; very hard to use one-handed&#8226; beautiful but redundant & confusing UI paths&#8226; weird email behaviors and synching&#8226; NO UNIVERSAL SEARCH!?!? really? (BB Bold or webOS device, turn it on, type, FOUND IT)&#8226; apps and esp. email often lags, hangs when only 3G available&#8226; too many taps to make calendar additions or edits. too many taps in general to do things&#8226; cannot get used to the copy cut paste functions of a touch-only device.  awkward&#8226; I was excited for the Orb Qi wireless charging dock but it gets so many bad reviews. Coming from the webOS Touchstone which was wonderful, this is a letdown&#8226; on the whole, just too much phone, too much going on, too much ...everything.In short, I'm old(er)-fashioned. I like the directness, simplicity, and buttons of a BB Bold 9900 or a WebOS Pre 3.

Good solid build. Fast processor and more than enough RAM. Android 4.2.2 OTA complete and it's a very smooth ride. Beautiful design and a lovely glass back. Remember to buy a good case to protect the phone.Was overly expensive at Amazon while stock was limited. Now (post Feb 2013) it's available at a decent price. The 16GB version is best as you only get 12GB available (hence the 8GB would be very limited)Only issues I would raise would be that it does not have a memory expansion slot and a bigger battery. The battery does tend to get used up pretty quickly if you are on 3G data. I generally keep settings at 2G data (for incoming mail, and other instant alerts) and use WiFi whenever available for faster Internet. This way the battery does last longer and you can get though a day and half.The only other phone currently I would consider is the Sammy Galaxy S3, but for the price (approx USD 400) the Nexus 4/16GB is a win and I would say even better. Very happy with the experience.

Good size phone its high resolution and quality great price very happy with it.its bigger than most phones so its easy to use great product.

Great phone for the price only complaint is that the touch screen becomes unresponsive especially to multi touch whenever the included charger is used.

Excellent display, fast and the lastes android update. Saddly no sd slot, but this is the price for google phone, happy to pay it

Excellent! No doubt, for that want feel really Android-Google experience, nice design, nice price, nice OS, i'm in Venezuela and here is really functional for my job and my works how graphic design. Buy now.

I just got the phone and haven't started using it yet, but 2 things are troubling me. The battery is not removable. That means the life of the phone is basically tied to life of the battery. I called tech support and they expect the battery to last at least 2 years and then work at 80% capacity after that. To extend battery life they said charge the phone between 40 - 80% most of the time and then completely drain it once/month.Also the SIM card is difficult to access. There is a tiny tray on the side and you have to use a tiny tool that they send to pop it open, so now I will need to carry this tiny tool in my wallet and try not to lose it in case I need to get the SIM card out.

I love this phone. I have had many other android phones, but this one is quick and has an easy UI.Features that this has that an iPhone does not:-Google Now (which is an awesome application)-Multi-language voice control-There may be other I cannot think of

I love my Nexus 4. I run a custom Cyanogenmod 11 rom on it, and have more power now than I could have with stock firmware, or my past phones. That said, if you're considering what phones to buy, you should hold out at this point on buying any flagship phones, whether it be a Galaxy, a Nexus, or anything else.Wait for the One Plus - I may actually get rid of my Nexus 4 just to grab one. It's cheap and has more and better features than anyone else. This isn't really an ad, I'm just an android fanatic, and in general I get sick of the stupid marketing stuff. Cyanogenmod is all the rom you can want, unless you need pDroid (I do). Either way, it's worth considering either a Nexus 4 or 5, or a One Plus. Everything else is overpriced, in my opinion.

t-mobile blames a defective phone, amazon will not replace it.  constantly dropping calls, does not maintain a stable network (bars continally change) cannot stream music due to instabilities,  being a lite internet user, this thing is junk to me because it does not work with any consistancy.  unfortunately the short return time frame to figure this out between provider and phone has passed... recommend to buy a different phone; especially if your with T-mobile.

Worth the price and worth holding onto for a while, especially since its no longer available on Google Play. Battery life is fantastic. Invest in a case that will protect your investment though!

Though this product is sold with international warranty, no one in my country respect it. I bought it in amazon because it says it comes with it, and i am totally disappointed that i won't have what to do in case something goes wrong.

Its perfect. Even better than i thought. Nexus is very very fast. The best price and the best perfomance. Nothing to complain.

Likes: Great cellphone, last updated software (Android 4.3), high speed response, big screen, easy to work, good size, economic compared with the rest same level smartphones.Dislikes: Just one analogic button for a lot of functions: The same to power on, power off, wake up, wake down. I hope it resist the continuous push for a long time.

The so-called gorilla glass is very fragile. A light tap against the arm of my chair caused it to shatter. I replaced the screen for $170 and the same thing happened on the first day. The Nexus4 may be the greatest phone ever made. If so, it is all wasted becuase of one cheap component.

I like the Phone easy to use smooth light nice black color :)I love it Thanks to Google :)

Google Lg Nexus 4 16gb - Unlocked w/ caseIt's awful &#65281; I think it's used &#65281; im very disappointed&#65281;

I love this phone and I enjoy so much the pure Android experience. I liked the service, fast shipping and very secure. This cellphone worth all the money I paid for. Thanks!!!

Since I bought a google nexus tablet early this year, I thought that my next smartphone would be a google nexus phone so I bought it last july. Am I happy? This is the smartest move I've ever made. I just had to type my google username and the phone did everything for me. It downloaded and installed and updated ALL the apps that I had in my tablet. All I had to do was to organize the widgets the way I like them.As with the tablet, the speaker does a lousy job when playing music (with earphones the sound is great though).I tried to buy this directly from google play but I couldn't since I am from Venezuela (but that's another story) so I ended up buying it a little more expensive from amazon. No regrets though. Great service and still ended up saving some money because I had to pay no S&H;.

I have used an iPhone since 2008, but when the iPhone 5 came out, I was unimpressed and began looking elsewhere, mostly I was looking for a bigger screen. Now I say that as a man with fairly large hands. For someone with smaller hands, the iPhone might work better, my sister and girlfriend both think this phone is too big, so I throw that in as a caveat. But for me...What makes the Nexus 4 great are two things 1) the price and build quality of the phone and 2) the PURE Android experience.  Honestly, (keep in mind I own an iMac, a Macbook Air and an iPad Mini) the learning curve was SUPER low and once I got the hang of it, I actually found it easier to use than my iPhone.  The other thing is the Google integration and given my work related calendar and email revolve around google - this phone was actually more seamless than my iPhone because it integrates your info automatically.  That said, it was a bit freaky when my old GF's numbers came up in contacts that I long thought I had deleted, so Google and privacy/deletion are what they are, but as far as work integration I like it.Now the physicality/hardware of the phone is pretty simple design wise, but it does not feel cheap.  I really liked the Samsung Galaxy III and ESPECIALLY the Note 2, but as much as I loved the screen real estate they felt a little cheap and plastic-y in my hand.  Now I realize the Google glass might be an issue for some who might drop their phones or let their kids play with them (I know moms and dads sometimes you'd rather keep them quiet even though they may drop it! haha) but for me I don't see it as an issue as long as you get a protective case.  The Nexus 4 feels just right in my hand and it grips really well.  The screen is FANTASTIC, now quite Droid DNA'ish (thats the best I've seen on a phone) BUT it's close and for the price difference and lack of 2 yr contract - for me - totally worth it.  On the negative side, that pretty and large screen, if the brightness is turned up DOES suck battery pretty quickly.On the software end, the pure Android Google experience in my opinion exceeds Apple's latest iterations of iOS.  It just does. It's easy to use and smooth and the ability to use widgets for my calendar and email is great.  I also really LOVE and this deserves to be on it's own line so:GOOGLE PLAY!!!!This takes iTunes to the level that it should be.  You can load up to 20,000 songs on Google Play from your iTunes and have them available for streaming (Spotify style) one your phone ANYWHERE you go.  It is simply the BEST music experience on any device I have ever had.  You don't have to load your phone's memory down with too much music, nor do you have to buy a more expensive model with more storage because ALL YOUR music is available at any time.  I really appreciate this because as a premium Spotify user some artist (the Beatles, Led Zep, Pink Floyd, Radiohead etc) are NOT available on Spotify.  In fact I would personally cancel my Spotify but my GF loves it so she uses it on her iPhone.One last thing, I use this phone on a month to month contract with Straight Talk with an AT-T SIM card and it works almost as well as my Verizon service and I live in a remote mountainous area, so I would recommend that service as well.Anyhow, more later, but so far I don't anticipate using another phone for a VERY long time.  Thanks for reading, hope this helped. PEACE!

I like this product because is a excelente phone ! Is the fastest smartphone ! This phone always have the last version of android and its do that have so much options

It's an incredible phone at a reasonable price and has always the Google support. The deilvery was on time. I recommend it!

I like the new Nexus 4 a lot. As many have already mentioned, the device is very fast and responsive. It has features some of the much more expensive cell phones don't. It is still too early to generalise but so far it's perfect!

ETA  Update August 18, 2013 (used phone for three months in India)I've lowered the rating from 4 to 3.  I am one of the lucky ones I haven't dropped the phone, nor has it slid off of counter, so it is in the same shape as purchased.  I use a bumper at all times.  I tried the case flip cover thing, but it annoyed me too much to continue with it.I still find the ease of seeing all of my accounts.  Once I realized how to use the three different methods of finding a phone number to call and how one of them can be used similar to a speed dialing, I became less agitated as I didn't have to go through so many screens to make a simple phone call.Compared to my son's Samsung Galaxy I find the photo quality lacking.  The camera itself is fairly easy to use but I have seen better.My main issue is sound.  It is so limited.  I realize the speakers are on the back but this wouldn't have to be a big deal if I could put the volume up.  Even while talking the other person's voice is often very faint.In addition, even being in an urban setting my phone is often unable to catch a signal.  I could blame my carrier, but I will be sitting next to someone with the same carrier and they have 5 bars while mine sits on 2 or even none.The worst is the number of times I have pocket dialed someone. Unless I insure the screen is locked or the phone screen is on the number pad screen any stray movement can cause the phone to dial out.  I have made several accidental calls just when trying to hang up the phone.  Once the red is gone if my finger is anywhere on the screen I call someone.  One of these days it is going to cause me great embarrassment.I wish I had known the HTC version was coming out when I purchased this.  I would have waited and compared.  As it is, my friend is very happy with his HTC Google phone.I will continue to use the LG Google phone, but I don't think I will keep it the five years as I have done on my other phone.  The first real excuse I can find and it is gone.ORIGINAL REVIEW ORIGINAL REVIEW ORIGINAL REVIEW ORIGINAL REVIEW ORIGINAL REVIEW ORIGINAL REVIEWI am not a techno geek, just someone who likes to use all of the bells and whistles.  I am not one to upgrade for the sake of having the latest and greatest, I had my blackberry for at least three years and would probably be still using it if I hadn't dropped it for the umpteenth time.When I realized my phone was dying about two months ago I started the process of researching.  In my house we have the iPhone5, the Samsung Galaxy3, Nokias, Blackberrys, and have owned many others.  As I live in India I had shortlisted down to iPhone5 and the Samsung as these were readily available.  I was leaning towards the Samsung when I asked my nephews opinion.  He told me forget everything else and just get the Nexus.  After more research that is what I did.The first order of business was that my old, very old sim was too big for Nexus.  It was even too big to be cut down and so I had to go to Airtel which for Rs 25 gave me a new micro sim within 5 minutes and even installed it for me.  I wish everything else had been so easy.When I first turned on the phone, I was walked through many of the usual set ups.  The major problem came when the first time the phone rang.  As I had never used a phone touch screen before, I didn't realize that I just needed to swipe my finger from left to right over the little circle.  I missed a lot of calls before I went to the forums and found out that I wasn't the only one wishing there was a how-to booklet in the box.I have now been using the phone for over two weeks.  I have learned to answer the phone and learned how to find all the messages by pulling down the front screen. I've learned that there are some exciting things such as the maps that can navigate even in Haryana. I have all of my email account and social networking apps installed.  I can surf, and search. I have learned to appreciate the cards that pop up with timely information.I have learned to swipe write, still have mistakes but it has made writing texts so much easier to swipe from letter to letter like cursive texting than to try and hit teeny tiny buttons with my big fingers.I was first taken aback when a Picasa album that I had made years ago and forgotten about appeared in my gallery.  This is when I truly realized the power of having a Google phone.  I am still discovering, but I look at it as an adventure.There are some things I'm still not happy with.  The lack of any documentation is deplorable.  I realize that many already understand the concepts, but some of us newbies and converts would like to know what all the bells and whistles are without having to resort to the forums.  I thought I had loaded my music onto my phone, but somehow I am unable to access any of it. When I have time I will research what I am doing wrong.I thought I would be able to convert all of my contacts from Outlook to the phone.  That doesn't happen.  I put all of my blackberry contacts into my Google Account and then synched.  There may be an easier way, but I couldn't find it on the forums.There is no mute button.  I realize that is a small thing, but when you have forgotten to turn the volume all the way down and you get a call at the most inopportune time, it is an issue.So while I haven't learned all the bells and whistles, I am looking forward to the adventure of finding them.If you only use your phone for calls, texts and perhaps an email account, I would recommend that you find a more basic phone. If you can't take the time to learn and research don't get this.  While many of the things are intuitive, I know I am missing out on some fun things.However, if you have the fortitude and the desire to have a phone that can really be that personal attendant and not just a telephone.  Then this is the way to go.I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PHONE.ETA:  Have discovered that my wma files cannot be used on an android.  I now have to convert my music to a usable format.  Good thing vacation is coming up.

This is a great phone. But you just have to be careful who you buy it from. But other than that its a great phone. Its very fast never slows down. You won't regret it. I got mine for $108.25. Great price on a very nice phone.

I've had this phone for 6 months now of regular usage, and I couldn't be happier. The new Nexus 5 seems nice, but I see no reason to upgrade from the N4 at this point.

I had Samsung S and was expecting a huge deference going to Nexus but sadly it wasn't.The phone is good but not up to the price i payed for it

My phone is amazing I love it so much and yes its used bit works as Good as new :) very satisfied

Its a pretty good phone. The looks are really nice, although i had to buy a case because of the back glass breaking on all reviews.Im using it all day with wifi, 3G, GPS on and screen on half bright... And battery last 18-19hs. If put on 2G, wifi off, and gps off battery can last up to 30hs in my case..Screen response is really nice and smooth.. Software on the other hand, there are a bunch of apps using up all bandwith.. really expensive on mobile internet plan.. G+ uses A LOT on backstage.. i had to manually disable 3G traffic app by app.But for that price, its pretty much unbeatable.

I really think that it is a very good machine. It is also much cheaper than equivalent options. A good choise for sure.

I bought mine on google play cause it was cheaper that way.  Before this I had a Samsung Exhibit 2 because it was 4g, which is really 3g plus or HSPA+, and through t-mobile I could get the plan where 30$ a month you get 5gb of HSPA+, unlimited text, but only 100mins of talk time.  I already used skype as a phone at home so I figured I would just use skype on my smart phone since I had 5gb of data.  This worked great for a while but the Exhibit 2 only had 512mb of ram to begin with and because of the OS or whatever only 300mb was actually usable and since I pretty much always need to run skype the phone got real slow and would shut down apps a lot and became frustrating to use.So I needed a new phone but wanted it to use the same plan I had before meaning it had to be unlocked and take a t-mobile sim card.  The Nexus 4 comes unlocked and had 2gb of ram so I knew it would be able to run skype and other apps at the same time without jamming up or slowing down.  It also cost half the price of many other phones with similar specs, if you buy them without a contract.When I got my Nexus I did have to cut my t-mobile sim card so that it would match the size of the newer smaller sims. I was nervous about doing this but I have amazon prime so I bought a sim cutter off amazon they sell them for under 5$ and the come with adapter so if you want to put the sim back in your old phone you can. Anyway this worked fine I used the sim cutter turned it to a microsim put it in the Nexus and presto my phone was running didn't have to call anyone and change my plan or anything.  I feel like its important to say that cause I went with my girlfriend to a t-mobile store and the swear up and down you can just switch sims like that even if the phones unlocked.Using the phone:CONSI've had it for a while now over 6 months and I love it but its not perfect.  First I would buy a good case mine has a soft rubber thing that goes around the phone then a hard plastic shell and it works great, knocked off the table last night and didn't hurt it at all.  But without a case it seems fragile cause its all glass.  Other cons are the memory I am use to having expandable memory and I like to store a lot of music, podcast, and take lots of pics and video at highest res I can.  So for me even 16gb isn't enough and I have to always watch what I'm downloading and go through and delete but this isn't as big of a deal for a lot of people. The battery doesn't last as long as I wish but that is because I love the phone so much I use it a lot more than I have any other phone I've ever owned.  Last is I have trouble with connecting to HSPA+ and sometimes the data says its connected to the high speed but is moving very slow and what I have to do is go into settings click connect to 2g data only wait a min then unclick it and that fixes the problem.  Oh and the speaker is a little too soft for me but that is minor.PROS2gb ram is amazing I can run any apps I want no problem they run fast and smooth.  The camera, now I am not a camera person and I am sure that for real photo fans this isn't the camera you would want to use, I love the camera.  This summer I have really discovered how great it is from taking pics of my son on trips and for my untrained eye the pics have turned out wonderful and video too.  I love how you can take pics while video taping something.  The zoom isn't a real zoom and is just enlarging the pic and lowering the quality of the picture so I wouldn't recommend zooming much but everything else about the camera is great.  The screen looks great and while the phone is a little big I love having a big screen because of the battery I try to keep the brightness down or on auto but it looks great as good as an iphone imo.  There are a million other things but the last thing I will put down for a pro is it is a official google phone which to me is like having the iphone for apple only apple doesn't let anyone else make iphone compatible smartphones.  And since it is the official google phones you get perks the main one being it is always updated first so you are always on the latest android os and everything that google makes is made to work for nexus products.OVERALLI really believe that pound for pound dollar for dollar this phone is unmatched and that while this phone doesn't have every bell and whistle that the top tier phones have its strengths far out weigh its weaknesses. I really don't think I would get anything more out of the newest iphone or galaxy except the LTE and since I rarely watch videos over 2mins long on my phone I don't think would add much to my experience.  Most of my family uses iphone and while I don't know what they paid upfront but I know their monthly bill is over 100$, I pay 30$ monthly and 350$ to get the phone so even if they got their phones for free at the end of the year they will have spent 1200 to my 710 and I almost certainly, being a bit of a nerd, use and get more out of my phone than they do.  So to me its a no brainier.

this smartphone is very nice, but some with some days of test unexpected bugs on whatsapp and playstore appeared.. as it was claimed to be a "clean android"i did not expected any issues... but it worth the money and i really enjoyed that.

Firstly I must confess that I come from a long line of Apples: iPhone 2 and 4, iPad, iPad Mini, iMac and Macbook Air, just so you have it in perspective.I bought this phone because I wanted to try the Android OS and being a big fan of Google this had to be the one, it was intended as a replacement for an iPhone 5 that I ejected because I found it second rate.The Nexus 4 is a very cool phone, very fast, very nice looking, feels very good, very easy to operate and the display is incredibly good, overall I like it very much and in some respects is better than the iOS platform in iPhone: the Widgets with info cards that you can insert in some of the screens; some applications can interact seamlessly with the Nexus, thus you can send pics to WhatsApp directly from the Camera application; and the swipe down general status display is really cool and helpful.On the other hand, some procedures seem to take more steps in Nexus that on my iPhone, I have to click around more to get some things done; my contact list is not as good as the one on my iPhone, it always seems to be inaccurate or incomplete despite the fact that I imported my iPhone address book; and my schedule is easier to keep across my devices in iCal.Regarding the hardware, the Nexus is too sleek and buttonless if you pick it up without looking its hard to tell which side is up, down, front or back so you wind up picking it in the wrong position and having to look at it; the power button and the volume button are on the sides exactly opposite to each other so often when you press one, you wind up pressing the other, specially if you are not looking, these are mayor ergonomic oversights. And what is it with the screen that makes it so difficult to read with sunglasses?!?! I have polarized sunglasses and have to take them off to read the Nexus screen.

This is the best phone I have ever used (the best for me), I love it's screen size, I love everything about this phone. Really worth the price.

If you are in doubt, buy it!! It's wonderfull. Very beautiful and great performance, no complains. I was a little worried but now I'm happy to have choosed this one.

Just some background,I am coming from the original Galaxy S i9000, which was the flagship phone of 2010I was eagerly awaiting the next nexus device for quite a few months. My previous phone had its screen cracked from a fall around July, and overall, I was starting to get anxious to be back with the latest and greatest, instead of being stuck with a 2+ year old phone.I just received the phone yesterday evening, so essentially, these points are from the perspective of someone who has been using the phone for less than a day.ProsThe build quality of the phone is great.It feels like a premium device, despite its no-nonsense, straightforward look. Essentially, the out of box feel was a very pleasant one. This is, of course, a subjective point, but several other friends and co-workers had the same reaction to seeing the physical device, so I think it's safe to say that my opinion on the build quality isn't unique.Large memory means apps stay open.This device has 2 GB of memory. What that means in real world usage is that recently used apps don't seem to close that often. On my old phone, if I was browsing the web, switched to the Message app to send a text, switch to a couple other applications to do other things and then switched back to the browser, the browser would have to reload the page because the other applications kicked it out from memory. That doesn't really happen on this phone. I can't speak for games that are generally larger and take up a lot more memory, but I had up to 20 apps `open' at one point, and was able to quickly switch between them without any of them having to reload.That leads to the second observation...Everything is quickThis is partly due to the specs of the device - it has a high end quad core processor and gpu so things generally load up very quickly. But also, because of the large memory, most things don't have to reload if you switch to some other task and switch back, so it makes multi-tasking a remarkably quick and enjoyable affair.Screen is beautifulThe applications seem to sit directly on the screen, rather than behind it, due to the very little space between the screen and the glass. Coming from a device with an Amoled screen, at first the colours seemed washed out, but after a few hours of allowing your eyes to adjust, you appreciate the beauty of the more natural looking colours, and amoled screens seem loud and over-colorful in comparison.ConsNo expandable memoryThis concerns me just a little, but I had a 16gig sd card in my old Galaxy S, and I simply never used used it. At all. And that phone had 8GB of internal memory, so I think I will be ok. But this is the one issue that has me just a tiny bit uneasyUnlock key hard to reach for a left hander - big annoyance. I know the majority of the world is right handed, but I got used to holding my old phone in my left hand with every button within easy reach due to the size of the device. With the nexus 4, somehow, hitting that power button is just a little bit too difficult to do one-handed.... Not impossible, mind you, but difficult enough that I notice it. This issue may become a non-issue with time as I get used to the device, but it's worth mentioning for any potential left-handed buyers.The size of the screen is also just a little too big to comfortably use one handed, which again, I will probably get used to, but is annoying enough that I notice it a lot. This isn't only a negative though, because I enjoy the size of the screen when it comes to actually looking at and using the device and would probably appreciate an even bigger one. So, this annoyance is something I'm comfortable ignoring since I prefer the added screen real estate.No toggle widgets in the notification tray (WiFi, GPS, etc)They are reachable via shortcuts, but it would be nice to simply have a simple toggle switch right there in the notification tray. This is not a big deal, just a minor annoyance, but worth pointing out.Battery life doesn't seem fantasticI can't speak for how well the phone really performs battery-wise until I've used it for a couple of weeks, but the initial experience with the battery usage is a bit underwhelming. I'm assuming that once the battery meter is properly calibrated, this will noticeably improve though, so I will update this portion of the review in 2 or 3 weeks.Finally, no LTEThis is a non-issue for me, since LTE is not available in my area, but it is worth pointing out for those that have that option that may be disappointed by this news.Upon looking at the review, one may get the impression that this is a negative review of the Nexus 4. It's not. The performance of this thing is top notch and makes using the phone an absolute pleasure. Everything just works, and coming from the Galaxy S, where the GPS never worked reliably and the I/O performance was flaky resulting in random hiccups in the user interface, it's definitely been a huge pleasure to switch to this device.I can't say that it is a device without compromises, but the performance of it makes the tradeoffs of no LTE or expandable storage a no-brainer decision for myself.  Unless LTE is important, or you know that 16 GB is just not enough storage, I cannot recommend this device any more heartily.Update: Looking back after 2 months of use, without a doubt, this was a great purchase.It is well performing device, and does it so effortlessly that i no longer even notice how well it performs, until i use another phone as a comparison point.The size of the device no longer bothers me - after spending some time with it, i can now comfortably use it one-handed, and do so 90% of the time.The power button issue also has gone away as i've gotten used to its location and how best to reach it while holding the phone one-handed.Up until last week, the battery life was still nothing to talk about, but the recent update to 4.2.2 seems to have changed that in a very positive way. I generally unplug my phone around 6 am in the morning, and usually, i would plug it back in to charge for an hour or so at some point during the day to ensure it will last for my 30 minute walk home. This week, after getting the update, i seem to be getting home comfortably with about 30% battery remaining, without that midday charge, which is great. So, if that holds up, the battery life will also cease to be an issue.

Arrived ok on time... But after 4.3 update the cell phone lost signal only workd on 2G... search on google 4.3 buGs... also a little dissapointed on the camera... fast cell phone speed... and internet while worked... Seller was Good and fast

I really enjoy my nexus 4. I also have a nexus 7 so I am a big fan of the nexus family. The phone is very durable, sleek and stylish. I have had my phone for about two months and I have loved every minute of it. The apps are fast, google service is amazing, the videos are great, pictures, sounds all are amazing. Google has done a great job with this phone, the best part is it only cost me $270.00!

very fast phone, stock android is perfect for someone like me who uses the phone very minimalistically. put a screen protector for the glass on the back side. After a week of use, it was getting chipped and scratched like no other, already looks a year old on the back.

I love this cellphone!It' stable, fast and looks very nice!The bad is that some application that I bought does not work in this android version but I do not mind. There are thousand of other applications!Other thing is that this device is very frail you should invest in some protection

The product is really amazing, matches all expectations. Despite the higher price compared to what can be purchased in google play, ease to buy makes it worth the value a little higher. I recommend to everyone

I bought one of these through google play shortly before moving to Italy. I bought this phone specifically because it is supposedly global. After installing a SIM card I discovered that everything works...except phone calls. Seriously? I can Skype call, text message, use the internet, etc - but no phone calls. Since I'm already in Italy I knew I would have trouble getting help. I called Google in London and the US, but none of them could help me. They suggested replacing the phone under warranty.They want ME to pay to ship the phone back to the US to get it replaced. Then they will send a new one to a US address...meaning I will also have to pay to ship the phone back to Italy! Ridiculous. A company as big as Google should be able to handle a simple RMA, especially since they will be selling them in Italy soon.Other than Google's complete lack of "global" service, the phone is pretty nice. I don't like that I can't get rid of the google search bar, and the phone feels a inferior in every way to the Galaxy S3 I had been using.If I could go back in time I would have gotten an unlocked GS3, NOT the Nexus 4. Even if phone calls worked right it just isn't as intuitive or polished as the GS3...I will never be buying another Google phone. Pure android? Pure crap.Having good customer service is worth having the bloatware that US providers put on the real flagship phones. I won't be buying anything directly through Google play again. Warranty is basically invalid if you actually go global with this "global unlocked" phone.

I recommend this phone to everyone because it's supported by google in the way that new os releases will be delivered directly to your phone with the propper os update and without the need of a carrier or manufacturer os update, that in real life, it never happens. It has a very good performance in games, networking apps and office apps.

I have been using Nexus devices ever since the HTC Nexus One, and I have to say that the Nexus 4 is the best Nexus I've used. It's speed, and fluid and the touch screen responds really well.While I have an issue with the fact that I can't replace the battery like on previous Nexus devices, I am really impressed with the battery performance, where with the Galaxy Nexus I would only last half a day before I had to either charge or switch batteries, the Nexus 4 goes nearly a full day.I honestly love using the phone

It looks nice and clean, easy to use. I can use the map even without internet, that is really cool:)

The phone has scratches on the back.Also, the ejection tool is not included and the headset included are for BlackBerry.It was bought in Good Guys Electronics seller.

I bought this phone from Google in February of 2013 and everything else is working fine except two things; Recently sometimes the phone shutdown by itself when using Skype. Secondly, since August 2013 I have had problem adjusting the volume - this means from time to time the volume won't go up and down while pressing the volume key - this means when the key won't work, I have to shut it down to put the volume back to work and it's annoying.  The hardware portion seems working find and as soon as the key volume is pressed, the screen image shows the volume going up and down to certain level(wouldn't go all the way down :/), but no action as far as hearing the volume, therefore, in this case my only option is to turn the phone off then back on. This is what I have to go though everyday to be able to adjust the volume; I do this step 3 to 5 times a day.The funny part is; I'm having the same problem on the third device that I have replaced since there is one year warranty? Google keeps sending me a "new phone" but all phones have volume issues!!! I was wondering if it's the last android updates that is causing the volume key to fail? Thank you.

It was quick and polite and arrived until discount and was the best. In addition, I want to order it.

excellent device, only prblem is that the screen ges hot some times, and cellphone freezes sometimes, but that doesn't afect the android OS at all

Love this mobile!! This is a very good smartphone, great screen size. Good price.I totally recommend it, specially the white one!!

Prior to my cell phone purchase, I was decided between the Samsung Galaxy SIII and the Google Nexus 4.  I chose the Nexus 4 and am so happy with my choice!!!  The phone is snappy fast, has an excellent camera, is unlocked, and has very fast surfing! The battery life is AMAZING and it always has the most current Android software (case in point: I just received an update over the air to Android 4.3.)  The phone is beautiful as well, although I made sure to place it in a hard white case.  Do not waste your time and money on any other phone! Highly recommended!

Unparalleled in the $300~$400 smart phones. Maybe the best design in the phones I ever processed. The screen is clear and smooth, and the difference between a 720P screen and a 1080P screen is tiny to my eyes. The OS is automatically upgraded to Android 4.3, which is quite handy and cool. The battery is fairly good, and needs to be charged about every 2 days. The camera is not the best, but quite enough for everyday use. It performs well in daytime, but produces some noise in the night.

I bought this new Nexus 4 for my wife and she likes it a lot. Before she used the Samsung Galaxy S and now this new one. No way back.The only disadvantage I have seen so far: the Nexus links with the Mercedes-Benz Bluetooth B Class (model 2010) but she cannot use it, no voice coming in and no voice going out. This is very bad. Google and Mercedes you need to do something.If bluetooth will be working on the new B Class you will get 5 stars.

This is my third high end android device and my second Nexus.Coming from a Galaxy Nexus, the screen is awesome. It feels better built, high quality materials.Snah-ppy. Very, very responsive.

Upgraded from a Galaxy S II (T-989) to this white Google Nexus 4. I ordered it from google play. It is a great phone and I am glad I bought it. Their price is great (with tax and shipping $388) and it came with a free bumper. I have the Walmart family mobile plan so I had to buy a micro-sim cutter to cut down the sim card so it would fit. I used the 2nd gen Noosy cutter and it worked perfectly. I would recommend this phone, it does too much for me to list and the price from google is unbeatable.

After struggling for several months with a Samsung S3 (i-9300) with a sluggish performance (slow phone app performance, etc.) I decided to change it for the Nexus 4.In general the Nexus 4 has been a better experience for me, specially for it's better performance compared with the S3.After several months using it I can say it is superior than the S3 in general performance but the display quality is not so good as the S3.  The colors on the Nexus 4 are very washed-out compared to the stunning colors of the S3The other disadvantages are: fixed battery / no mSD card slot.In general the Nexus 4 is a better value than the S3, specially if you are demanding about performance.

i was in an important call and this s*** dialed astrixx and some numbers making the call useless.  I dont even want to try and get that call cause Tmobile's customer service sucks.  I hate this phone for what it does.. it is not a phone .. its just a mediocre tablet.

Phone was fine, however I had trouble getting it to read my sim card. I took it to a T mobile store, where I learned it was stolen and the IMEI number was blocked. Unfortunate but I don't think I can trust this seller again, despite the other positive reviews.

Great return for the money.Bad things:1. Speaker is very low quality.2. Everything simple is not simple - for example using the device as a mp3 player is a nightmare! this simple use case hasn't been solved by google and LG. Shame!Very quality device for the cheap price.I bought it but still using my iPhone because it doesn't serve me as I expected.

So far one of the best phones from Google / LG, beautiful, strong, fast and stable!, The OS has an excellent photo and video editor.

You guys know everything you need to know about the phone. What I came here to say was please order this through google. I got the same phone for $50 cheaper and it does not come with anything added on it.

I bought and love this phone (5 months ago) and it died 2 months ago..... I was in Mexico at the time and couldn't find any service. On getting back to the US I contacted LG for service. They took the model information and determined it was an international model and that there is no service available!!!  That's right forget no warranty..... NO SERVICE..... Any suggestions would be helpful and appreciated.....

the phone is the best value for money phone available with the lumia 920its really light and thin and feels great the colour looks great in person thephotos dont really do it justice in that regards.

Always buy Nexus phones if you want the latest version of Android. This phone was a no brainer.There are few people out there that use their smart phones to it's fullest potential. If you're one of those, this phone is great.Of course the cons are...-no Micro SD slot (but everything is going to the cloud, so no need for large storage anymore)-no removable battery (not exactly, but you can still make easy repairs to this phone)-Glass backing (we know why the iPhone 4 and 4s sucked)Those are my only gripes about this phone. It is an AWESOME phone.BUY IT FROM THE GOOGLE PLAY STORE! I don't know why anyone would buy it from here?

This product is great. It is everything I could ever expected. It's fast and easy to use. I love it.

The unit I received was bad (electronics or antenna); just sitting on the table in the kitchen the phone would switch from three bars to zero to two to one back up to three... then if you tried to use it, &#34;No Service&#34;.  Another Android phone (same SIM card, so it wasn't T-Mobile's fault) worked solidly.Same situation going downstairs or to the bedroom - wildly varying service bars, and failure when you actually tried to use it.Same situation in a hotel.  Four bars if you stood in the window (and you could SEE THE TOWER across the street in the parking lot of a mall)... but step back two steps and no service.  Same thing driving - Same thing walking around Boston.I am returning the phone.

Great fast phone, but it is a hundred $$$ over priced. The phone is smooth but the battery drains fast.

So, to start, I am on my 3rd Nexus 4 phone which was  my 2rd replacement phone.  I had issues with all of them and wish I had the opportunity to go back in time and return it before agreeing to multiple returns which put me past my 15 day return policy.  So advice to anyone that has problems with there Google product... return it and don't agree to an exchange!  I should also note that I am, or at least was, a very happy nexus 7 owner until my difficulties with the 4 have changed my opinion on the nexus products and Google themselves.  I figured the company with the slogan &#34;don't be evil&#34; would understand my difficulties and frustration, since they are noted on my account, and would have helped me get a nexus 5 with some sort of deal, since I have had all these troubles or at least come up with some practical alternative that would help me get a working phone.... I should back up at this point and note that my nexus 4 is just about as useful as a brick at this point and I am stuck shopping for a new phone after only 8 months of ownership.I know a few other people with this phone and some would say that it is a great phone and I would have agreed with them it mine worked as well as my N7 tablet.  My 1 star rating has to deal with this product as much as the Google costumer.  I hope this helps future buyers of Google products!  If a rep. from Google reads this, I would like them to know that as much as I hate it, I will be going to apple for my next phone... At least with them, I know they make a reliable product!

This is a truly incredible phone. For the money, you CANNOT get a better phone. Comparable phones like the Samsung Galaxy S 3 cost double and are not as good as this great phone. You get it unlocked to use on any carrier that is compatible. There are a few negatives to it, though.PROS:1. 2GB of RAM and a Quad-Core Qualcomm processor make this phone completely smooth and effortless.2. This phone runs the pure, stock Android from Google unlike most phones like the Samsung Galaxy that have interfaces to slow them down and make them ugly.3. You get the newest version of Android straight from Google before anybody else. This is very nice to have and is one of the main reasons I bought it. Your phone has the newest and best software always.4. The Google Play store for downloading apps is incredibly well stocked and has even more apps than the Apple App Store.5. The screen is beautiful and the phone itself is very nice feeling.CONS:1. The battery life is less than stellar, but it does last plenty long for a light day.2. The operating system occasionally has a few problems, like the thing randomly shuts down and things like that, but it is okay.3. The phone is a bit fragile. I use this case:Ballistic SG1098-M005 AGF SG Series Case for LG E960/NEXUS 4 - 1 Pack - Retail Packaging - Blackand it has protected it very nicely. I have a case just like this oneAsmyna ALGE960HPCAST003NP Astronoot Premium Hybrid Case with Durable Hard Plastic Faceplate for LG Nexus 4 E960 - 1 Pack - Retail Packaging - Blackfor my HTC 8X and it is very nice for a low price. I would definetly recommend that case for the everyday drops of your phone.In closing, this is a stellar phone that will not disappoint you. I just highly recommend that you buy a good case for it (it is well worth just five dollars) and you will love it.

Got this phone in my hands and I can't say I regret my purchase. Got it fast and in great condition. Using it to write this review right now. Phone is fast and responsive. Great buy. Great service. Thanks Amazon!

I bought used phone in US.The condition this phone is good but a little expensive.Before using this phone, I used Nexus.Nexus 4 which is next version of nexus has better specifications.Screen recognizing is much smoother and faster.And the design is more attractive.Camera,, there is no more benefit than Nexus.But google phone is very efficient phone to use properly.

I Have had IOS since the the original iphone, and I have to say that the switch to android (via the nexus 4) was the best choice I've ever made. I love this phone. And am definitely going to get the nexus 5 when its released and available. I will never pay what apple wants for their phones again.

I bought this phone to replace my old HTC One X in August, being aware that a new Nexus (5) would be coming out in the fall. The Nexus 4, is the best Android experience around. the LG handset performs extremely well in my everyday use. Battery, fast CPU response, and signal strength are just a few of the great things about this phone. Nexus phones always run the most current and unmodified versions of the Android OS, which gives users more longevity out of their devices.

First of all, I really like the LG Nexus 4 Phone E960 and would recommend it.  The size is nice- not too big and not too small- fits in my shirt pocket and it is easy to operate- same as a all other nexus products. Just remember it is almost all glass (front and back). Get a very good case if you are clumsy.  It will break if you are not careful. FYI: The case I bought was the Reath Ringlke SLIM because the reviews said protected the phone well.  Phone and case is too new, so time will tell.I purchased five Nexus 4 International phones from 5 different sellers.  The first one I received was not new and had a scratch on the screen, but was an international phone.  All but one seller HassleFreeCell (who I highly recommend) sent a non-international US phone. Bought via Amazon Prime and returned all of the non-international phones with no problem.  Amazon Prime did a great job.There are several ways to determine if the phone is an international phone: 1. Phone package will have an international manual; 2. Phone package will have an international charger; 3. You can call the manufacture of the phone and give them the IMEI number (in this case LG electronics) and they will tell you if it is an international phone. Also, my guess is if the seller writes in the description that it is an international phone, it probably is an international phone, but you will not know until you receive it.I also want to point out that the Black Nexus 4 phone is advertised as with a warranty and the White Nexus 4 phone is not advertised with a warranty.I am not sure if an independent seller will stand by the warranty on the Black Nexus 4 phone, but I spoke with Amazon Prime and they said that they will stand by the warranty for a year.  So, if you are not buying from Amazon Prime, you may want to contact the independent seller before buying the phone to see how long the warranty is for.  To be safe, you may want to only buy an international phone through Amazon distribution, as most international phones do not have a warranty.

It is fast, Doesent fail. Android 4.2 works smothly. The batery life its about 8 hrs of normal use, 6 if u used a lot (like me)

I liked nexus 4 for various reasons and I'm so glad that I got it here. The price was reasonable and the phone worked pretty well so far. Thank you!

I will never ever buy a cellphone without android stock. much faster without bugs.... I change my S3 for this nexus 4

This phone is easily as good or better than a phone twice the price. We couldn't be happier with it.

Everythink was OK, the mobile was without any scratch and it works well with my sim card in spain. Best phone for this price, expensive, but its better than the other phones of 350 dollars

I love it..  So far. Battery and camera could be a little better, but no biggy for me. I am pretty impressed with everything about this phone. Works perfectly with my straight talk Sim. Yay to having a nice phone and paying only 45/month.

I choose it because the price worth t. Its an amazing celphone tha i would recommend to everyone who is looking for a nice expereience with Android.

This is my first smart phone and first android device. I'm used to apple products. I have iPods and iPads. But for $700 did not want to buy the iPhone. For half that I can get the Nexus 4, and with better specs than the iPhone 4S.Love the screen size. The speed and reliability of this phone. Never an issue making calls on T Mobile. It did freeze on me once when I ran a new app. Had to hard reset and deleted the app. To me this phone beats the iPhone. I just can't use the iPhone 5's tiny screen. Going from an ipad mini to an iPhone is too much of a down size.The battery is just about average. Heavy use will probably not last the day. Medium use barely makes the full 16 hrs. So basically is charge at night use during the day, repeat.Android OS is nice, not as polished as iOS 6. The trade off is freedom from big brother apple, but some of the apps really suck. The same apps in android just don't look as good nor perform as well as the same apps in iOS.Stock android apps also aren't as full featured as apple apps. The clock is so basic I had to get another one.  The calculator is almost useless beyond +- / *.So in summary. The phone itself is a 9. Now compared to newer ones down to an 8. But the price bumps it up to an 8.5. The most bang for the buck by a long shot. In fact there isn't any competition in this category. The biggest disappointment is the OS. Definitely a downgrade from iOS. But then I don't have to deal with iTunes, so it definitely wins there.Love this phone and so glad I bought it over iPhone and S3/S4.***** Update *****After daily use for awhile now I love this phone even more. And loving T Mobile too. Because T Mobile now is offering unlimited everything and no contracts, having a smart phone is affordable and a tech geeks dream.Briefly, since moving to T Mobile I don't have to worry about any overage charges, just the same bill month after month, no surprises.  Because I get unlimited data even on the lowest tier plan (only 500 mb of high speed data, then it is throttled down to 2g speeds), I can use the Nexus 4 without a worry.  Actually my only worry is if the battery will last the day.  I love driving around town using GPS and Pandora at the same time. I was afraid that the 2g speeds would prevent me from doing this, but it streams music and runs Navigation seamlessly. It seems to all work as if I were on 4g speeds, I cannot tell the difference in performance.This brings me to my most pleasant surprise so far. Since I need to pump Pandora through the car speakers with an audio jack and I like to use Navigation at the same time, I was startled to hear the music being muted then the Nav voice tell me where to go through the car speakers!  I had no idea that it could do this. I know pretty naive, but this is my first smart phone. Google Nav blows my Garmin away. I don't have to worry about outdated maps, slow start ups, input that takes forever and a dead battery. I hardly use the Garmin any more. Garmin had better watch out before it becomes the next Block Buster.2g speeds: although running Pandora and Nav doesn't seem to be any slower, web surfing sure is. It may take a minute to open a web page that took only 10 sec on 4g. So there definitely is a throttle, but for me I may only be throttled for the last week or so of each month.  Definitely worth the savings for a minor temporary inconvenience.The Google Nexus 4 has made my life a lot easier and T mobile has made it all happen without much more cost than what we were paying for two dumb phones.****2014 update ****I'm reducing the star rating to 3.5.  I have to reset the phone every week. Thing start to not work, most importantly it will not charge!  What a strange thing to happen. The instructions even say to rest the phone once a week. That's just silly.  Anyways the phone wasn't that expensive compared to the flagship phones of the big boys, so I can live with the annoying rest requirements.  If this was a samsung galaxy or iPhone I'd be asking for my money back. I guess you can't have everything when paying 50% off premium.

I love this phone. LG has neither good nor bad image to me, but this phone showed their potential to be great.The phone runs fast as expected(Project Butter helps a lot too). I has 10-20 apps open at any given time and I noticed no lag. The support for HSDPA+ 42 network shows off really great. I get 10-12 Mbps down and 1-3 Mbps up in Seattle area(though the phone will indicate 3G every now and then but it seems the phone is still on H because I got about the same speed).Now there are few flaws.1. Storage. 16Gb is still not enough for me. I filled my phone up after 4 days(no joke). So if anything get 16GB its worth the extra 50 bucks.2. CPU power throttling. In order to make great use of the average size 2200mAh battery Google/LG has put in a throttling system where if the Battery is certain temperature the CPU speed is clocked down to lower speed. I am not that much of a power user so I haven't seen great drop in performance(the throttling start at 36F). But for any intense gamers this isn't the phone to get.People like to complaint about the non-removable battery, but the phone is actually easy to open up when you need to replace the battery(Go look at the full tear down on YouTube Channel l355on5).Also there is no support for LTE. So the phone isn't exactly flag-ship material as Google would like to make it out as. Despite the lack of LTE support, for users looking to go pre-paid this phone will do great.I would also like to remind you that this phone will stay relevant for longer than average phone(with exception to iPhones, and Galaxy S3 and Note 2). As a Nexus Google will be the one to send out updates to your phone for Pure Android experience which I found to be just fantastic. iPhone and GS3 is 600 at best unlocked for 16 GB. So go for this phone you wont regret it.This phone is a steal for 350 on Google Play. Pricing here is bit high for some reason so head over to Google Play store. (After Tax and shipping added up to about $400). But I would buy cases on here because the Offical Bumper for Nexus 4 is out and God knows when those will be back on store

The Nexus 4 is a super fast phone! It can easily multi-task all the heavy duty apps I run. Plus it gives me peace of mind to know that the quad core processor in this phone will keep it relevant for years to come unlike the Galaxy S3.

one of the best phones! The time of delivery and the product was perfect. I recomend the seller and this phone. Is very fast and works with all the aplications I have downloaded.

I've been using this phone for 1 month and it works as expected: runs Android perfectly and has good cameras, front and rear. And also this Nexus 4 has a much better cost/benefit relation when compared with Nexus 5.I had an older version of Nexus and this one is faster.16Gb of memory is enough for me, but in some cases you may prefer a phone with at least 32Gb, that should be evaluated with caution because this phone doesn't allow you to expand memory with SD memory cards.

i broke the screen in 3 days, dropped from my belts height and it broke in pieces .. caused me more 5k.otherwise the phone is great , no lagging can run many apps at one time .. i tried with 15 apps and it was running great..

What good is even the best phone if it is prone to breakage from even the gentlest use? It's a good phone at a good price until a cracked screen renders it useless. Google will not stand behind it though they are fully aware of its vulnerability.

Love it and the timing was sweet since the Nexus 5 is now out so the price for the Nexus 4 was SA-WEET!

I never managed to have a call that would last longer than 30 minutes. It always drops the call. It can drop within a few minutes, or 15, but it will drop. I tried everything I could imagine, from not moving the phone, to not moving at all, different locations, software updates, tricks suggested in blogs, etc, nothing solved the issue.I have had T-Mobile for years, and many other phones, and still have other phones using that carrier. Only the Nexus 4 bought directly from Google Play has done that. I complained but got nowhere. I can't wait for it to break so I can get rid of it.I will never buy anything from Google, other than apps written by other people, because their after sales service is non-existant, especially once the 14 days return policy has expired.So, go ahead, get one anyway. Maybe you'll be lucky. :-)))

Had the Samsung Epic 4g, so comming from an older phone to this phone was like switching from a Ford Pinto to a Ford Mustang. This phone is great and has so many new features that I have not even fully had a chance to explore. I can't wait to fully explore and test out every feature of this phone. The screen is crystal clear and bright and set up was quick and easy. I would recommend this phone to anyone. its awesome.

Great Cellphone ... I am enjoying it ... I've received the product as Described  but first i had concerns because it wasn't sealed .. But after using it i am sure that it was brand new

Everything worked perfectly... The only bad thing is that it took a couple of extra days to get here. Not bar at all!

The build quality of the phone is good but that's where it ends.  You end up with short battery life and high data usage all due to self launched, un-stoppable, pre-installed google spyware services.  You cannot disable it or change the apps permissions without jailbreaking the damn thing.  The google apps have the self given permissions to: Use your mic for audio recording without your consent, using the camera to take video when it wants without your consent, reading all texts and emails without your consent, looking through your contacts without your consent, monitoring your searches without consent....that's the exact wording, go to settings/apps/permissions ans read it for each app you click on, googles are the only ones you cannot disable.  Plus there are like a million places where the phone just bleeds out data even while it's sitting on a desk it's pathetic and way to intrusive.  Garbage OS that had so much potential but is ruined by googles relentless spy programming at every turn in the UI.  Microsoft actually respects their users and privacy, glad I got rid of this garbage for a great Nokia Windows phone, all data sharing optional unlike googles scamware.

After a very long wait and searching endlessly through markets I was able to find one of these beauties and decided to let you guys know about it so here it goes.The Good:Performance: The Nexus 4 has a 1.5GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon S4 processor with 2GB of RAM. The iPhone 5, by comparison, has a 1.3GHz Apple A6 chip with 1GB of RAM, so you can see that this is indeed a powerful machine.Build Quality: The nexus 4 feels great in the hand, it has a gorgeous screen with a glass leaded back and has a better build than any Android smartphone I have seen, although you might want to keep it away from concrete at all costs.Customization: Android is a highly customizeable OS out there because users have more control over the OS unlike iOS, so for an intermediate to advanced user Android is the way to go, but if you are a new Smartphone user you should try checking out iPhone 5Flexibility: If you live anywhere outside of the US and especially in a third world country where you markets are full of cheap android tablets then you are in luck as this IS the most powerful and economical Android phone to date and you can use it with any of those cheap tablets to achieve a lot of functions at a very low cost.Updates: This smartphone has the latest 4.2 OS which is not available on any other mobile and nexus 4 will get all the Android updates faster then any other Android phone as there is no modification needed before the release of the update i.e. when Samsung etc get an update they then have to modify it for their Touchwiz OS and then modify is again for some specific devices. Nexus 4 however doesn't need all this and as soon as the update is out from Google it can be installed without any modificationsPrice: The price of the stock device from Google is 350$ which is WAY less then any other device of similar specs and size.The Bad:Price: Yes I have included the price in the good section but I am also including this in the bad section because as you can see you are not paying the stock price for this on Amazon but over 500$ which is a lot.Strange Noise Issue: There have been cases(not with me) of buzzing noise coming from the phones earpiece in the earlier models but seems to be fixed in the newer ones, so be careful before you get one.LTE: There is not LTE capability on this device so if you use LTE you should try looking at the iPhone 5 or the Galaxy S III.Lack of MicroSD: there is not space for e micro SD card so you cannot add more storage space and are pretty much stuck with the storage space you buy.

A great phone that does everything I need from it.Good camera, good battery, great screen and a wonderful phone in all.

It was good piece with only a slight problem. The phone seems to have issues with voice qualit

A few weeks ago I sold my Galaxy S III and got this phone instead, and I'm so glad I did. The pure Android experience is amazingly swift (other smartphones' overlays and bloatware apparently make their phones slower). I now go between applications like is nothing: no hiccups when scrolling, no freezing for a few seconds; nothing of that sort. Actually, the Nexus just recently updated to Jellybean 4.3, which brought several 'under the hood' enhancements.The weakest points of this phone are (for me): the lack of 'official' LTE, the lack of MicroSD slot (no expandable memory), and the camera, which is OK, but not great. However, these are small shortcomings when compared to what I do get from the phone.I keep hearing Nexus 5 is 'coming out soon', but I could not wait (plus, it would take some few months after its release before I could get it where I live).Overall, I'm very, very happy with this phone. After experiencing pure Android, I don't think I'm ever going back to a brand phone.Get this phone if you are looking for:Really fast and smooth performance.Pure and latest Android.Direct support from Google.Low price.Great screen.Don't get this phone if what matters to you most is:LTE capability.Expandable internal memory.Amazing camera.Hope this mini review is useful for you.

Excelent product, cames in good condition and complete new. I recomend it 100%, android is my favorite cel phone, this is really fast and easy to used.

This is really good product in decent price. Loved the performance of the gadget, supercool looks and awesome packaging as well.I would like to recommend this product to friends and family.

I do not have much to add to the existing reviews concerning the features of this phone. I really liked it ! However, since I was used to have a super-strong Nokia E71 phone, I broke the screen of the Nexus 4 after dropping it from 1 meter high on the ground after 3 days. I felt very stupid until I realized I was not the only one to have this problem. It seems that the glass screen is thinner than what can be found on other phones, making it VERY fragile.Conclusion: Thanks Google, but I will never buy LG again.

Somehow a non fully mature phone but definately worth the money. It is my first Android machine and it runs fast. This cell phone has a very low quality camera in comparison with similar devices.

This is a good product. We bought it to replace the current cell phone we are using. It works well.

Alhough I have ordered a 16GB Nexus 4 I have received a 8GB one. I didnt have time to replace the item and I have accepted a credit back as a compensation. Phone is working fine but a we all know Nexus has no slot for add memomry and this is why the 16GB was orderd and not the 8gb one.

Phone arrived in OEM packaging and in good condition (no scratches).  I was able to unlock the bootloader (to install Cyanogenmod) without difficulty.

I bought mine on Google Play, but wanted to write a review since there were many things I wish reviewers has mentioned:1.) The Android Experience is amazing. Just with the Stock Rom it is excellent.2.) The camera is crappy. Try taking it to a concert and if you are not in the first row you will take crappy pictures while your friends with Samsung and Apple phones are taking amazing pictures.3.) The speaker phone and volume is pretty bad. If you are in a car it is hard to hear using the normal phone option so I always put it on speaker phone.4.) Battery life is good, but not great. Expect to charge it all the time.5.) Sometimes it will not charge with car chargers. Since there is no Google Nexus charger, invest in a high power USB car charger and use your LG (manufacturer of the Nexus 4) cable to charge it (especially if you have a US warranty).Overall a good phone, but Google did not put enough thought into product. If they had they would have had beta testers take this to concerts to take pictures, thought about providing a branded car charger, and considered how the speaker works in practice. More testing was needed. But, still an amazing phone, and for an unlocked phone it is a lot cheaper than the Apple.

This is an amazing cell phone with an excellent price. No complains about it. Jusst an advice: In google play store have a better price but if you can't buy in play store amazon is good

It is awesome w reasonable price and function of a good smart phone. I love this fone a lot, recommend it.

I like OSX and love iPad but i my smartphone is an Android. For the day i need all my apps of google: maps, plus, hangout, mail, etc. Nexus 4 is a great device for almost all people. If you are a hard user that play games and edit videos, so i think you need to test first before buy.

I live in Taiwan and this phone was a breeze to get working here.  Does everything a smartphone should without all the bloat.

Purchased from Google, this phone is remarkable for its form, function, and price. Liked it so much, bought one for my wife and two of my three daughters (13 and 14 years of age; the six-year old got a rugged Samsung Rugby). The display is sharp and bright, the CPU is fast, and the battery life is excellent. My wife struggled mightily before giving up her iPhone 4S, but after using the Nexus 4 for several weeks and finding everything she'd grown accustomed to on the iPhone, and then some, she made the switch. She does say that indoor pictures are a bit grainier than her iPhone, but outdoor pictures are amazing. Thin and sleek, it feels good to hold, even with a case (my wife and girls use cheap two-piece snap-on cases from eBay; I'm using a black Diztronic, also from eBay, which I like a lot). We're using no-contract, unlimited service from T-Mobile; their HSPA+ service is blazingly fast. We're also able to use the phones as Mobile Access Points, should we need a Wi-Fi alternative (travel, power outage, etc.). Can't miss with these phones. Highly recommended!!

It'[s ok.  Not always intuitive on how to do things.  Google will automatically since everything you do and if you let it will post it to the internet.

Good quality, very god price. i enjoy using it!If your'e looking for a smartphone, that is not an iphone - this might be the one for you.

Great specs, especially for the price. I'd recommend ordering it directly from Google because it's $100 cheaper through them. Everything I do on this phone runs at an amazing speed, even downloading through wifi. I ran a speed test on this phone and my laptop and the Nexus 4 is faster! The quad core and 2 GB of RAM make this phone great for multitasking and running any android game on the market. The last phone I had was the original Droid Incredible, which was over 2 years old, so this phone was a huge upgrade. The OS is very intuitive, easy to use and comes with a lot of added features. This phone is also very efficient. I've noticed that it has a much better battery life than my old phone, even with the much more powerful processor.

I bought mine and being using it heavily for a month now.Cosmetics:The nexus 4 looks beautiful, the gorilla glass 2 in the back is just superb looking. It's slim, lightweight and you cant barely notice on your pocketconsidering it's screen size.The border is grippy, which is good, actually a very durable device from every angle, even tho you should be careful by the simple fact that it hasglass in both sides glass is glass, call it pyrex or gorilla glass nothing is unbreakable.OS:Jelly Bean 4.2.1 is amazing, such a huge improvement over older versions I consider it nowadays superior than IOS 6.To appeal every control freak out there you need to heavily tweak to your liking, for example I consider the OS mail clientrubbish. If you need a powerful mail client do yourself a favor and buy aqua mail pro app from the playstore, going now for$4.99 In my opinion google should fire the ones responsable for the native mail client and simply hire this developer.The cpu is absolutely powerful, best in class, quad core with 2gb in ram means goodness!To sumarize, Jelly Bean is amazing and CUSTOMIZABLE which you cant really do with IOS.Problems:I actually don't know if its a bug but my phone has trouble switching from wifi to wireless network from my carrier, sometimes it does sometimesI have to go into airplane mode for a second and back to carrier to obtain data signal.As you probably know there are several bugs reported such as problems with bluetooth, low volume for some alerts, weak vibration etc.Well it depends, some app notifications sound very loud but this probably has to do with native notifications.Anyway most of this stuff will be solved in next OS Update 4.2.2 expected soon.Desing flaws:The speaker is set in the back cover without any room left between the device and the contact surface, in other words if you leaveyour phone over the table facing up you will notice a huge decrease in the volume of your ringtones or notifications.May 27 2013 UPDATEWith the latest version of Jelly bean 4.2.2 all the bluetooth and switching through data network problems were solved.Really recommend this device.

I've owned 5 different Android phones over the past 6 years and this is BY FAR the best.  The phone feels superb, is lightning fast and does everything better than any other smartphone I've owned or used.  Jelly Bean is fantastic and I honestly have no complaints.  You will not be sorry purchasing one of these if you can patiently wait for the Google store to start stocking them again.

The phone arrived as advertised--new in the box. It even had two protective cases included. It's working well. The seller also contacted me to be sure I still wanted it before sending it.

Shipping was quick but the product didn't come in nexus 4 packing. The device had 3 scratch marks under the SIM slot. The charger looked cheap, the sim replacement pin wasnt available. It was clearly a refurbished item.I had returned the item, the very next day

It took a rather long time to ship but, independent of the dealer, the phone is an excellent device. I still recommend purchasing it from the Google store for anyone who has the possibility.

I totally recommend the Nexus 4 - it has everything as every other great android in the market - the BIG difference is the PRICE!anything you don't have on the phone - you find in the market5 outta 5

I bought this phone in June 2013. Today, one year later, I have experienced good and bad things - unfortunately there are more cons than pros, so I did not recommend LG to my mum and dad, who just bought Motorola Moto G (I'll soon review it, but seems much better than my Nexus 4, even with a smaller configuration), and neither will I buy my next phone LG.I don't use the phone for gaming or any other heavy use, I just use it to read emails, view some pdf and MS Word and MS Excel files, navigate on the internet and facebook, take some pictures and use some comm apps like WhatsApp, Skype and Viber.PROSGreat screen and definitionGood processor, fast navigationUsed with a Ringke cover and screen film (awesome products), my phone has no scratches at all after 1 year of useEasy to navigate and configurateCONSSometimes restarts the phone for no reason at allSometimes freezes or blackens the screen for no reason at all, takes a long time to respond againWhen multi tasking during a phone call, it is hard to go back to the phone screenCan't use Skype, although I updated every Android version - it just doesn't do video calls, it always boots the phoneBattery goes away too fast, it got better after I installed an app to manage it (I used DU Battery Saver and it works good, doubled battery lifetime)Bad cameras, the frontal is the worst camera I have ever used, and the back camera makes granulated images even in clear daylight, colors are fade in any lighting conditionDoesn't switch between wifi and mobile connection automatically (when you're in wifi range, it doesn't turn 3G off), couldn't find a satisfying app to do that for meDoesn't shrink picture sizes automatically when emailing them (iPhone does that smoothly)I just can't connect it via USB to a PC, it developped a faulty connection in the phone plug where the input cable plug fits, though it still works normally to charge the battery.Hope the newer Nexus versions fixed all these, but I won't buy another LG so soon to find out by myself...

I bought this for my son, and He loved it!It is a very good phone.. lots of interesting features

After owning a Nexus 4 for ten months. A G2 for a year, MyTouch 4G six months before that, and the G1 the day it came out I've had enough. It appears that the manufactures of Android devices and even Google branded devices all will forever have the same core problems.1.) Total lack of call and audio quality. On and off speakerphone as well as plugged in headphones.2.) Intolerable charging issues. Micro HDMI has broken or stopped charging on four devices now. The wireless charger for nexus 4 was worthless.3.) A complete lack of a support4.) The 6-12 month lifespan of the hardware.Also I've owned a Nook and a Galaxy Tab (Nook: Wouldn't charge after 6 months, Galaxy Tab: under powered).In the five years I've purchased 6 android devices most my iPhone friends have owned 2 or 3. I've never dropped a single one of these devices and I've paid for cases and screen shields and they still break. I've also probably spent 15% of the last five years owning a problematic phone before I buy the next.I sincerely hope you get your act together and start making devices worth buying. After going over all this I doubt my own sense of reason that it took me this long to realize how much time and money I've wasted.-Josh

Hi all!I've been using the phone for about a week and its works fantastic! love it in every way since i am a google fan...now i have everything syncronized (youtube, gmail. gtalk= and makes my life really pleasant...the mobile itself is really light and is big enough to watch video and have good conference calls...also the graphics are amazing and th images resolutions workis more than fine too...i hardly recommend this phone for all google users....

I loved nexus 4, it's a very good phone for the price. Despite it doesn't have 4G, what I can't understand since the previoues nexus has, the phone is well built, beultiful, very quick, and has the last version of android which I think is geting each time better. I found it a bit expensive comparing to google play, but I have to buy on Amazon, cause google don't accept my international credit card (non US).Pros:- Gorgeous phone- Well built- Very quick- Very good for the price (cheaper on google play if you have US credit card)- Awesome screen resolutionCons:- Doesn't have 4G (previous version galaxy nexus had)- Doesn't come with earbuds- Doesn't expand memory (what was not necessary until now)- has a multicolor led for notifications which I can't find anywhere what they mean (each color is for sms, e-mail, twitter, etc...)

Great phone, fast, reliable, software works great and everything updates automatically.Battery could last a little longer.Speaker is a bit low, for example when using it as GPS in the car it is hard to hear instructions

Bought the following phone refurbished because i didn't want to invest more since I own both Samsung Galaxy Note 3 and 2 as Android OS. I wanted to install some apps to test their functionalities and how they perform in a corporate environment. I didn't imagine this phone will give excellent results in-terms of performance and reliability. I even installed some high end games to test performance and the results were mind blowing. I highly recommend this phone.

3G signal go off too often. have to turn it on manually few times a day. maybe its a defective batch ??

I bought my Nexus 4 from Google for $350. It tool about three hours of retrying on there web page. When I ordered it said it would ship in two to three weeks but it was on my door step in two.My last phone was an IPhone 4 on AT&T.; I just shut it down removed the SIM, inserted the SIM in the Nexus 4 and started it. That was all there was to it, no calls to support or fiddling with setting, it just worked. The screen is great and the GUI is super smooth. I did find I had to buy two apps. Air Play by Double Twist allows the phone to wirelessly sync play lists with Itunes on my iMAC.  HD Widgets allows the creation nice custom widgets to manage bluetooth, Wifi and ringer settings. I have had this phone for almost two weeks and the more I use the phone the more I like it. It is much easier to manage my apps and track down which is doing what in the background. At first I thought the battery might be an issue but that seems to be getting better, I got rid of Yahoo Weather and that helped a lot, it pounds the network and GPS constantly. Signal strength is at least and good as the IPhone 4 with WiFi and 3G and way better with bluetooth. The phone works well and there have been no issues with hearing or being heard. The camer works well and takes nice pictures but i don't thing it is as good as the IPhone 4s or 5. The flash is much more powerful then the one on my IPhone 4.The stock phone is a bit slippery and there are very few cases available thus far. I tried a soft TPU case which fit fine but felt crappy so when the Google Nexus 4 bumper came back in stock I got one of those. The bumper from Google is way nicer than I expected. It has a real metal band around the outside and the buttons work and feel even better than the stock phone buttons. The bumper makes the phone very easy to hold on to and has metal around the USB and headphone jacks that make plugs easier to find without looking without preventing any plug I have tried from being fully inserting.I have no regrets about switching and have no plan to go back.

Over Priced on amazon? Slightly Yes! But worth it? Ofcourse! The Nexus 4 is twice faster than the Iphone 5.4.7 crisp HD. Perfect Size on hand. Android 4.2 Jelly Bean with constant software updates. 8MP Camera .... veryyy clear! & last but not least a Phenomenal Photo Sphere Camera!

I'm a regular iPhone user, but I always own the latest greatest vanilla Android so I can keep my knowledge fair and equal. I've owned every Google vanilla phone since Google started with the Nexus One. This hardware with the latest OS is the first time I've felt really comfortable and ready to switch. The apps I use are also finally usable enough and in the right place that I could do it with little heartburn.Because this phone and the previous phone, Galaxy Nexus both support the latest edition of Android OS, my main objective is to tell you what I like about this phone better. It's simple-- the edge of the phone has a really nice bevel to grip it. The Galaxy Nexus has a pretty smooth edge which requires you to "cup it" in your hand and sometimes use two hands is easiest. This phone has a nice bevel to keep it gripped in the hand so there is no issue holding it.From a performance perspective I should notice a marked increase from the Galaxy Nexus but I'll be honest-- this is not something I noticed. It may be that I simply didn't use in extreme ways to prove this difference.That all being said, in my opinion this is superior hardware experience to the Galaxy Nexus, but I wouldn't hesitate to go with the Galaxy Nexus if cost is an issue/focus.

I'm a committed Google product user.  I've been using Google for 13 years and would never consider a different brand if Google has the product.  However, I live in an area with no cell reception so this is the first time I ever used any smartphone.  This puts me in a unique position to list the bugs which make the Google Nexus 4 so hard to learn.  I need a place to keep a running list of bugs as I encounter them.1.  The entry of user name and password is so difficult that I've given up trying to do it without a Blue Tooth keyboard, and even then it takes several attempts.  The following are the bugs only associated with this problem.1a:  The "Show Password" check box is on a different screen than the password entry screen.  By the time you get the wrong username/password message, you can't go back and look at what you entered.1b:  When you set "Show Password" it often lapses back into the no show mode.1c:  The on screen keyboard is too small for people with big fingers, and there's room on the password entry screen to solve this problem for the limited case of user name/password entry.1d.  The username/password characters that you type are often forgotten before you can complete entry.1e.  The phone does not include a stylus which is needed to get started. I have not yet found any household material that will do as a stylus.  I ordered a stylus from Amazon, and neither end of the stylus would work on this phone.1f.  There is no undo.  While you can't undo a call, for example, there is a need for an undo when entering username/password.1g.  There are error modes when your finger lands slightly off target or on 2 keys, where the whole screen changes, and you can't get back, and by the time you do, what you typed is gone.2.  The battery screen gives %, and "time on battery" but does not say if these refer to power and time USED or LEFT (remaining), or perhaps the charging efficiency.  Between the battery, the charger, the cable, your power outlet, the message system, wireless or wired charger, and if you are using a case, there are many variables and you need to know what Google is attempting to display.2a.  This bug is compounded by the fact that the % does not always update when you select REFRESH.2b.  This bug is compounded by the lack of little blue '?' symbols that let you know what these numbers are measuring. I'm still trying to figure out if my wireless charger works the same through a case, and knowing what the numbers mean may help.3.  Camera.  The camera will take Spherical Pictures and upload them to Google+, and allow viewers to explore the photo  like an ant walking on the inside of a photo sphere.  This type of photo is commonly seen on realestate sites; but now its on the phone and easy.  However, I'm finding bugs.3a.  It is not obvious how to exit camera mode.  There's a secret spot on the screen that has no label or icon that you have to touch to get out of camera mode.  Each little gotcha like this requires a Google search to learn what should be obvious.3b.  I love my spherical pictures, especially when I can use INSTANT UPLOAD and view them on my PC monitor.  Only problem is that sometimes Instant Upload works, and sometimes it doesn't.  This is no doubt due to the fact that you have to turn on instant upload in some menu that is so buried that once you find it, its hard to get lucky twice.  The Instant Upload command should be located on the camera screen as well is buried deep within the menu structure.  There also may be other things that must be set ?3c.  There is a screen with 8 different things to set to get camera uploads to Google+.  With some settings, there has to be a check mark next to the selected alternative.  With some, setting an option changes the text to say what option you selected.  For one there is a barely visible check box that selects the option.  This is hopelessly confusing, and I still only get some of my instant uploads.I will be adding and subtracting this list as I climb Google's first product with a steep learning curve.All this being said, I would never consider getting a different phone and there are many innovations including important innovations in photography.  The phone would be well worth the money to me even if I only used the camera.  So I give it 6 stars for innovation and important new inventions, but one star for having too many bugs.

I am happy to own Nexus 4 smartphone and I bought it at a higher price than available at google just because it was out of stock on google and I just dont want to wait.It is a amazing phone with sleek design (better than Galaxy s3), powerful quad core processor and 2 GB RAM which is the main reason for me to buy because I had Samsung Galaxy earlier which was awefully slow.With Nexus you dont have to worry about speed and also since it has clean untampered android OS which can automatically update before any other brand android phone can.

I think it's a good Phone, I think the best of this is the fact you have software updates directly from Google.

Android Philosophy -->----------------------The phones now are really choosing eco-system hence choosing the philosophy that suits you the best or inline with your personality or thought process. Apple (iOS) as everybody knows is a closed, restricted. iOS is certainly a 'weaker' OS, while Android lets you wander freely in the open sky and its more powerful. You will never feel restricted when you want to do anything with it. YOU FEEL YOU TOTALLY CONTROL YOUR DEVICE. That's where I like Android more over iOS. Android does not treat you dumb, it treats you intelligent, responsible and let you control your device and hence its overall usage.I just don't understand how one fruit company can control your device so much whereas on the other hand people even control their own life. More confusing is how people can let a company do that. Just because it produces the best looking product? IF THAT'S THE CASE WHY NOT BUY SOME ART WORK? AT LEAST WE WILL HELP ONE ARTIST. The device is for show-off or your own experience? What is more useful? A trophy wife or a mom like wife which does not look best but keep growing on you each day? Keeping the OS such dumb is for probably making the UI simple. Well use Android (pure stock Android that comes with google devices and you will never go back to iOS and rather you will find iOS lesser user and CUSTOMER friendly.Now little into specs->-----------------------1. Absence of LTE (The so called biggest flaw) -> Well the most sold iPhone 4S was same just 6 months ago and apple fan boy were not complaining at all and they would not had iPhone does not have LTE. Absence of LTE saves battery drain, data usage and HSPA is good enough for what smart phones are intended for and looking at smart phone usage pattern [MY PERSONAL EXPERIENCE].2. Camera is not great but good enough.AND REST EVERYTHING IS JUST GREAT-> Super fast, snappy, Screen (as good as retina), call quality, battery life, built quality, looks (great), ease of use. After nexus 3 and nexus 7 this device offers you the best value for your money. You are free to switch carrier or at least deny contract and hence control on your device by the carriers. GOOGLE DEVICES ARE ALWAYS FIRST GET UPDATE. My wife is having S2 and she is still waiting for 4.2 even after 6 months of 4.2 coming.----------------------------------------------------------------------Two Real life Examples iPhone lovers who converted into nexus 4 users----------------------------------------------------------------------1. My friend who was using latest iOS on iPhone 4S just said: AFTER USING NEXUS 4 iPhone FELT LIKE TOY. Now there is no going back for him.2. Another prime example (probably one of the biggest iOS (apple) lover Ralf Rottmann. He is co-founder of biggest iOS (Apple) app developing company of GERMANY and has the latest Apple TVs, two iMacs, the latest MacBook Air, a MacBook Pro, more than five AirPort Express stations and Apple's Time Capsule and yes iPhone 5 as well.HE HAS NOW TOTALLY CONVERTED INTO NEXUS 4. Read this great article (gizmodo.com/5973073/an-iphone-lovers-confession-i-switched-to-the-nexus-4-completely).-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Bottom line-> Need phone now or need unlocked phone? Go for nexus 4. Can wait? wait for next nexus phone.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

I have had this phone for about a year now and find the phone poor. Worst is when side by side an I phone or the Samsung S4.For example the camera focus is poor and often I end up with blured photos. The macro is particularly bad. The volume of the phone is low and I struggle to hear. This in itself is a deal breaker and there are many forums with various tips but in the end the volume is low and to hear I have to jam the phone against my ear. The hands free brings a lot of complaints from the people listening. They saythey can't hear or can't understand. I have tried this hands free feature side by side with an I phone and the nexus 4 is WAY worse.The audio when playing music is also low and when listening on earphones I always say Is That It?And the worst of the worst is the super short battery life. We are always charging the two Nexus 4 phones and they never make through the day. So we carry external charging blocks.When we put out a bunch of android phones together we can make them all connect except for the Nexus 4 for some reason. This is to transfer files or photos.For some reason nobody makes a waterproof case for the Nexus 4 nor some of the other normal accessories.In the end there are a lot of good phone and this one is just so so. Hope that helps others make a decision.

So I went from iPhone to Nexus, I had my iPhone stolen so I decided to get a cheaper phone, the awesome thing was that NEXUS is cheaper and it is pretty cool. It works super nicely and seriously between and iPhone 4S and a Nexus I will always choose this one. It's a bit hard to adapt to the new ecosystem but that's a fight between Android and iOS.

NEXUS 4 is rated 5/5.So a bunch of smart people decided to buy this phone from the Google play store for $387( includes tax) and resell it here for $600. Its an absolutely amazing phone and YES purchase it. Its probably the best smart phone(better than the iPhone 5 IMHO) but please purchase it on the play store. You're losing about $213 if you buy it from this Amazon reseller. Its a rip off so buy it from the play store!Look at the actual the price by searching nexus 4 on Google, you'll see a page like google.com/nexus/. (Amazon won't let me post direct links)Do note that the rating is 1 due to the Amazon reseller's crazy high price. The phone is rated 5/5. :D

I only have to say, this phone is a great phone! Personally for me is the best in the market today. Good battery performance, beautiful screen colors, it's very light, easy to use (thanks android) and (since I'm not a programer) this hardware is like a rolls royce! No complains but the price, it's a little high.

I was pleased to receive the phone. being a used phone i did expect a few scratches but just like the seller had posted it is like brand new, Ia m yet to use it though to be sure it is working perfectly but just to have everything including a free casing and screen protector is fantastic

excelente producto llego en perfecta condiciones cien por ciento recomendado.muy buenos acabados, r&aacute;pido, resistente.... sin mas nada que decir me despido........

Software-wise, it is a great phone. Hardware-wise, the phone is extremely fragile. This new Corning Gorilla Glass 2 is easily scratched and breakable, as is the phone itself. Google support is awful, and will find every way to be unhelpful. The phone slides from every surface, and if you drop it, that's it. I think Google could have come up with a better phone, but LG Nexus 4 is not it.

Just love this phone, it gots everything i need plus google software upgrades. i bought the white one and its beautiful.

It's flawless, pure android, speed daemon. I Am very happy with this phone. It's all good. i take a picture, share it then i switch where i left in one of my games in a matter of a seconds.

I'll start by saying that the box says &#34;The best of Google&#34;, well, it is not. The problem I had with this phone is that the touch display is not that good, really, it's really bad, you can get a better touch display on the Samsung Galaxy S3 if you want an Android and it's not even close to the precision on the iPhone 5, when you are pinching you can realize how it doesn't start to zoom until the fingers are very spread, some times touching a single button won't work, you have to touch around. Second, the battery, there must be a draining issue as the battery doesn't last much with average use, and I usually charge the phone every night, but this one never made it past 2pm in my day without dying on me. Third the screen and camera are not that great, I didn't like the pictures I took with this phone. Last, the speed, it's not that fast, scrolling is clumsy, didn't get to play a game on it, but the overall UI doesn't perform well in my opinion.I know it's a &#34;Nexus&#34; and it's supposed to be the best, well, I don't think it is, I returned mine after 4 days of use, and wouldn't recommend it to anyone.

So I just got the Nexus 4 last week and I originally wanted the Samsung Galaxy S3 but I am glad that my boyfriend pushed me for the Nexus because I LOVE THIS PHONE. First, it is lightning fast. It downloads apps very quickly, which I am extremely pleased about. Also, my battery lasts SOOOOOO long. On my old phone, it would be dead by noon. On this phone, it lasts 10 hours plus without being plugged into the charger. And that is with me playing with it and using apps. There are so many great features on this phone too. It does everything. My friend has the S3 so I played with it and compared it to my phone and I like mine better. The Google Now feature is amazing. I can ask it anything and the answer comes right up. The navigation is fast and works great. I highly recommend this device!

This is an excellent phone with latest android version.Display, sound, size, apps everything are outstandingGlass front and back gives a premium look and feel.The only downside is lack of SD card slot. But thats ok as we have clod storage to upload photos and videos instantly.

I loved, its really awesome. The Camera is very nive, its very fast, and Everything was fine in the transaction

Great phone at first, lovely design as well, however this one that I bought from this particular supplier stopped working withing 2 months.

nice phone.The price is more expensive than google sell.I had iphone 4 i've installed ios7 it was to slow so decide to change to this good phone

Amazing phone, perfect screen size and with decent battery life (I'm getting 4:30 hours of screen time a day - with heavy news reading, using GPS for about an hour and little games). Great price for what you are getting. Would recommend to anyone.

Very sleek and elegant design. Love the pure android experience. I recommend a very strong case in order to protect your investment especially if you drop your phone, I don't but believe in the saying an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure. Since both  back and front are made of glass you definitely want to add some grip to the device as well.

The Nexus4 is priced at $349 for 16GB through Google's site.  [...] The phones are ALL made un-locked (there is no locked version because there is no carrier associated).  My husband put in his SIM card from his iphone and after about 20min it recognized his new device.The phones are amazing.  Very happy - but I just wanted to bring it to anyone looking at this listing, how overpriced this store is listing them.We simply waited for the opportunity to get on backorder - and then three weeks after that we received our phones.  It doesn't hurt to wait sometimes.  The phone is worth it, and so is the money you will save.

When I purchased this phone I knew that it won't be available in my country any time soon specially that it's sold out from Google Play. Z-Deals are ripping off with their prices (615$) but unfortunately there is no alternative. So I bought it from them.Regarding the phone Jelly Bean 4.2.1 is just awesome. LG did a great job with this nexus you can use it for gaming or whatever high processing matter it just won't get slow.Only downside is the quality of the camera in night shots.

I payed full price for this phone and it was said to be new however my phone does not connect to any of the wifi ports. I am dissatisfied with this.

Super fast phone, getting always first any android update, this beautifully made.Pros:Fast.Lovely big screen.Cheap for the specs.Fastest android updates.Good Camera.Cons:No sd slot.

The screen is gorgeous, one of the best screens I've seen to date. It's an incredibly fast phone, even running demanding games goes without occasional glitches.The only thing I'm missing is expandable storage...

cool product, nice and fast :) low cost phone with high functions! i will buy again,  now samsung s4 ready

UPDATE: SEE BOTTOM OF REVIEW.I held off on buying the Galaxy S3 since I knew this phone was being released, and after tinkering with several s3 phones this is clearly the best Android phone you can own.Size:- I was a bit worried about the screen size moving from a 4.3" Galaxy S2 to the 4.7" Nexus, but the screen actually feels more accessible. The technical specs say that the Nexus is larger in all directions, but laying them on the table side by side, the Nexus is thinner, slightly narrower, and a bit longer. The back of the Nexus is not rounded, but instead has formed edges. When I pulled the phone out, I expected that to feel awkward but really it just made the phone feel more stable in my hand. It feels solidly built even if it doesn't have that smooth feel of an aluminum back like on the iPhone. Part of feeling that way is it's weight which you can definitely sense, but is not prohibitive.Android 4.2 Jelly Bean:- Alright, I fully admit to being an immature child about certain things, and this phone is playing on those tendencies. I took 5 or 6 photo spheres of my living room just trying them out. You can see one here: [...] . As you can see, the stitching doesn't work all that well in a small, enclosed area. It's been a bit too cold to do a good one outside but I imagine it will look a little bit better when the objects are further away.- Google Now is just asking to be messed with. The voice recognition is good as long as you enunciate. My favorite part is testing to see what it will answer back with (it will tell you how old Samuel L Jackson is but won't tell you when your next appointment occurs). I am sure this will improve.- Beam is awesome, but so few people I know have this feature. You can instantly share things from an app. I used youtube and told my wife I had a video she should watch. Rather than hand her my phone, I put her phone up to mine and tapped the screen and she could watch on hers. Score one for selfishness.- Jumping from 2.3.6 to 4.2 means a bit of a learning curve. Some things I like, some things not so much. The dedicated real estate for the softkeys means the 4.7" screen is really only like 4.4. There is also way too much wasted space on the "hotseat" aka the dock or launch bar or whatever you want to call it. You could probably squeeze one more icon in the bar, but even more than that, the vertical space between the top and bottom of the bar is too big. Regardless, Netflix and other apps nuke the softkey bar.- The mail app is fantastic now. I was sick of searching around for replacements for the stock mail app. Now my mail is taken care of.Speed:- The phone is crazy fast. I didn't really think my old phone was slow until I used this. Instant app launches, fast screen transitions, quick photo processing, it's all just fast. Obviously there is critique about the lack of LTE, which you can read about in depth elsewhere. For average phone users and even above average users who aren't serious whiners, the HSPA+ speeds are sufficient.Misc:- Screen is beautiful and readable in daylight (read my note about the softkeys and dock about screen real estate).- Call quality seems good but I have never been a stickler about phone audio.- Battery life is great and the phone easily gets through a day of regular use.- It looks smooth as the screen reaches very close to the sides of the phone.- Could've done without the sparkles on the back.- 16gb storage should suffice as long as you stream things (use Play Music, it is fantastic).Summary:If you have read this far, you either want to start a fight or you want this phone. For my two cents this is a phone you need to get if you are a fan of Android and are at least close to the cutting edge in terms of phone purchases. If it's time for a new phone, do yourself a favor and head over to the Google Play store and pick one up for $350. If you are peeing your pants in excitement, pay $600 here or ebay.Massive change in opinion:Still read the above for my impressions about using the phone, but note that my review is really defined by the following two paragraphs.Despite the fantastic experience I have had with the phone, in 5 months time I have had two phones break. The whole screen became unusable on both when they were dropped from less than two feet. The second one was in a case and it didn't matter, same effect. There are serious build concerns with having an all glass front and back.If you do buy this phone: 1) you MUST buy something for the back or it will slide off the table/chair/whatever. 2) Make sure you get a case that will completely eclipse the front so that no part of the phone will touch the ground ever. I no longer recommend this phone, sadly, even if it was great while it lasted.

This is a good phone and I don't think I can say much more than people have already said, but it has one glaring flaw that I don't hear people talk much about. If you're like me and don't like having a bumper or case on your phone, be careful where you put it! Unless your house is very level, it's likely to slide off of a lot of smooth, flat surfaces because of its glass back. It's not unusual for me to find my phone on the floor, after it slides off of whatever I put it on. Thankfully though, I have carpet :P This problem is ESPECIALLY bad with the wireless charging orb; you can find some time-lapse videos on Youtube of people's Nexus 4s sliding right off of it. So I'd recommend at the very least putting a skin on the back. I'm going to do mine, but just haven't gotten around to it yet.Also, if you're an AT&T; user, you're probably going to get painfully slow speeds out of the gate, but some tweaking to the APN settings should help out a lot. Just Google 'nexus 4 apn at&t;'. When I did this, I went from less than 3mbps to 10-13mbps. I'm not sure how/if this works on T-mobile.UPDATE: March 2013 - They redesigned the phone so that there's little nubs on the bottom that keep the glass back slightly elevated off surfaces. This should help with the sliding issues. If you get a used one though, then I suppose all bets are off. I also put Ghost Armor (google for more info) on the back of mine, and it has helped a great deal, esp with the wireless charger.I've also tried it with T-mobile, and it seems that the default APN settings are fine. Overall, it's faster than AT&T;'s HSPA, but just like any other carrier, if you don't have good coverage (which T-mobile seems to lack in a lot of places), it will make your life miserable. T-mobile has (as of this writing) a pre-paid plan where you can get 100 minutes of talk with 5gb of data for $30, which is an excellent way to try out the service.

I used the phone for 12 days. On day 12 I was holding the phone in my hand while laying on the beach in florida. Suddenly, I heard a clicking sound and when I turned the phone back, I saw the back glass cracked. The slight temperature increase on the sun has caused surface tension and the thin glass on the back cracked. The phone still works, but it does not look nice now. Will have to return it to Google. The phone was excellent othetwise , except 2 other issues: the screen is extremely power hungry compared to other phones. Even with moderate use the screen consumes nearly all of the battery life. This is probably why the phone is offered at such a low price of 300-350 USD at the Google store. Another flaw is that it does not have the SD card slot, limiting all of the media data transfers to slow speed over the USB 2.0 or the wifi. I think that LG is well aware of these issues and this is the primary reason of low stock - they don't want to be in a position having to warranty service all of their phones with cracked glass in the summer or in the cold winter. A lot of folks on the internet report the same glass cracking issues with it.

I bougth for 340$ and in my opinion this is the best phone for this price and the material of the construction is very hard

Compared to the Samsung Android's I've had, this phone is amazing. The batter life is ample, the feel is great, the look is nice, and the price from Google is amazing. I'm looking forward to the Nexus 5 for LTE support, otherwise I wouldn't be wanting to upgrade.

Just so you guys know how I use this phone, I am currently a contractor in afghanistan and I am currently using a local Sim card in this phone. So I dont have that high speed 4g stuff that most of you will be using with this phone.First off, the phone just feels great. When first turned it on, I had to setup my google account to the phone, which was a pain because I wasn't anywhere near WiFi at the time so I had to wait to set it up. The turns off/ on quickly, much better than my 5 minute boot time on my EVO lol. WiFi on this thing is great, much faster surfing/downloading speeds than my laptop. I have downloaded games and called home with this thing and can say that this thing is AWESOME. I also bought this phone so that when I do go home, I can just pop in a sim card and start using it between the states and afghanistan. This phone also comes unlocked. Its a google phone, so we will be the first ones to receive updates!The list goes on guys...Now, YOU CAN GO TO GOOGLE AND BUY THIS ON THE PLAYSTORE FOR $299 for the 8gb and $350 for the 16gb!!!!!!!!I didn't want to wait so i bought mine for about $400 and STILL do not regret paying that!Great Phone, will recommend a buy rating here!

$199 for the 8gb, $249 for the 16gb. Just add to cart to see the new price. Great phone, but a ripoff at these prices.

I wrote a poor review for this company recently  because I mistakenly thought they had sent me the wrong phone.  Turns out THEY did everything right but I mistakenly got my daughter's new phone instead of my own.  (She got mine and returned it to me.)  I was impressed by the phone, the service, how quickly I got the phone, the quality of their product, everything!  I love my new phone !

I recently broke my iPhone 5 (ouch!!!) and had to buy another smart phone urgently. So went to Google play store and ordered this beast .... and as expected, it a powerhouse phone with lots of features and lots of frills. I am quite comfortable with iOS and android OS and I know that android lets you to customize your phone in a way you like it (so many gadgets makes this phone very cool). So overall I am happy with my phone.Things I don't like-1. It's a big phone (like Galaxy S3) and I don't understand this new trend of making big phones. I have big hands and I still sometimes need to use two hands to type message or handle the phone. It was quite easy and best selling point for iPhone5 to make it 4 inch phone, just about enough to handle with one hand and your thumb can reach corner to corner easily, unlike N4.2. Touchscreen is not sensitive enough as compare to iPhone5. While scrolling, zooming in and out, you can feel the difference effortlessly.Things that I like:1. Powerhouse phone - the speed of this phone is tremendous, no buffering while opening books or documents, opens and closes the apps in seconds.2. Battery: many people complained about battery issue; however, I think battery is great. I am not heavy user of my phone and I do whatsapp almost all the time. I use att's 3g and home wifi (80/20) and with this internet use my phone lasts for entire day and still have 20% battery left when I go to bed. Battery usage was quite comparable with iPhone5 (but it used LTE which was more power consuming). In a nutshell, I am quite satisfied with battery performance in N43. Stunning look - it looks different and more finished and stylist. There are lots of plastic phones in the market and this is far superior than them.4. Price - $349 for N4 unlocked its like a dream5. Wireless charging - not needed but very convenient feature6. Display - beautiful colors and perfect saturation, videos look awesome.7. Hardware - front and back gorilla glass gives this phone perfect premium product feel in hand. Its not thin as iPhone5 but still thin enough to keep in front pocket.Overall, I love my phone and I would recommend anybody to buy this phone.PS

Love it!! Everything works perfectly!! And it was MINT!! Perfect conditions. Works just as new. Totally recommended.  Now I can say that my life is easier thanks to this phone.

Anterior a este telefono tenia un samsung galaxy ace plus, era muy bueno, pero cuando lo cambie por el Nexus 4 la diferencia es total, es decir creo que solo el Samsung  S4 lo supera.Hablando propiamente del telefono, la camara es muy buena, graba videos de muy buena calidad y tiene unas funciones para editar fotos y poder hacer algunos cambios que no habia visto en otros telefono, el procesador del telefono es realamente eficiente.No se que m&aacute;s decirle, pero si se los recomiendo a cualquier persona es un excelente producto, lo unico negativo es que solo tiene 16 gb de memoria interna me parece que podr&iacute;a tenee m&aacute;s.Previous to this phone had a samsung galaxy ace plus, was very good, but when I changed to the Nexus 4, the difference is total, ie believe that only Samsung surpasses S4.Properly speaking the phone, the camera is very good, records videos of very good quality and has a photo editing functions and to make some changes that I had not seen in other phone, the phone is realamente processor is most telling eficiente.No but if you recommend it to anyone is an excellent product, the only negative is that it only has 16 gb internal memory I think it might Tenee more.

It's the best phone package in my mind. The hardware is inferior to iPhone 5 but the hardware and software together coupled with early android updates and wireless charging make this the best phone on market

Haven't checked but expect it's good in the package.Will open the package soon and let you know if anything i smissing.

Bearing in mind the Nexus 5 (brand new with same amount of memory, better hardware, newer firmware) is available right now on the Google store for the same price (350), don't you think it's about time for a price reduction?

Works great, has a spectacular super-sharp screen. This phone is great, I have all the applications you need in one device. Above the price is very good.

The bad:Both sides made from glass and thus slippy. My phone already falled twice.The good:Its not broken after falling from ~3 feets. )The pure android is usable without any additional software.The google phone has long life cycle and will receive updates (other vendors do not push updates to phone after ~half a year).

Best bang for the buck when coming to Android phones... you simply can't get a better deal than a Nexus... the only downside is that the screen is worse than Samsung's and HTC (but that's to be expected given the price difference)

Pros:-OS: Android 4.2.1 (and recently 4.2.2) simply flies on this phone. Great use of the quad core processor.-Display: It's not the fanciest screen on the market, but it looks great. Even with sunlight I can see it well.-Form/Feel: I love the size of this phone. It remains light while being slightly (not much) thicker than an S3, and it just seems easier to hold. Especially nice with the optional bumper accessory.-Look: It's just a beautiful looking phone. Front to back.-Wireless charging.-Call quality: Sounds great!Cons:-Extensions: Lack of them.. no SD slot. But 16 GB, plus cloud storage (like instant photo upload to G+) makes it fine.-Camera: It's not bad, but it's not that great either. I feel it could do a little better in lower light, at least when I compare it to iphone and S3 cameras.-Battery: The life isn't great, it's pretty typical for android quite frankly. I always have chargers around. But I don't like that I can't take it out and replace it. That's just lame...-No LTE support: It's not that critical, but I do miss having LTE speeds (came from an S3).Overall this is a really solid, and super fast phone. It's a wonderful way to experience pure android and I think anyone looking for an unlocked phone is getting a fantastic option, especially at Google's price.

Excellent device and a great sellerI liked the device and easy to deal withAnd distinctive shape of the device and LG Electronics trusted

I'm used to iPhone and I didn't like this phone. It's just a matter of taste. But besides that, the volume button got stuck and the same happened with the sim tray. I'm not using it now.

Great phone at a great price. Excellent quality, white version is perfect for women, bought it as a gift for my mom and she loves it.

Excelente equipo.. S&uacute;per r&aacute;pido en todas sus funciones.. Dise&ntilde;o muy bonito y llamativo. Viene con Android 4.2 actualizable a 4.2.2. Lo malo: El precio cuando lo compr&eacute; (581$$) era un poco elevado. Despu&eacute;s de una semana bajo casi 100$$ :/

HD display, 4.7 screen sizequad core processor2 GByte RAMAndroid, always last versionfastin summary,excellent product , good price

Too expensive. Half price if you buy straight from Google . This seller is stupid. I just bought the 16gb from Google themselves for a little over 300. To say this is originally more is bad businessGreat phone bad priceThis phone is amazing. Even though it lacks an sd card it has wireless charging a quad Core a day a must have curved screen. Google is sold out so buy it on Amazon for sure but nor from this idiot

It's the only android  phone with &#34;zero lag&#34; using it, that i know.It makes Galaxy S3 look like an ancient phone. Very similar to an iPhone 5  but without IOS restrictions.Great screen, average battery. Good reception. Instant Google updates, etcThe only real downside is the storage. 16GB without SD expansion slot, may be a deal breaker for some people.I understand that Google hopes you use all their cloud services. But there are situations when you don't have access to a good data network.

This seems to be an excellent smart phone, priced better than Apple ones with comparable features and even updated itself to the latest android OS jellybean soon after being activated. It has been used already in the USA and Asia in just a few weeks working out very well over the t-mobile/softbank network.  The transaction on Amazon went well too with the seller.

Overall the phone is pretty good.  The screen itself is sharp and the clarity is great.  The only problem I have is that the colors are extremely washed out.  When I compare it to my old Samsung galaxy S2 screen, my samsung phone beats it hands down on color quality.  The nexus 4 settings currently have no options to fix this.  The only way to fix it is to root your phone (which immediately voids any warranty) and download some kernels or pay a few bucks for someones app that will work on a rooted phone.  If you are considering buying this phone, I'd check it out at a store first against your current phones color scheme and see if you can live with it.  I gave it 3 stars because I expected more from google in this area, and didn't think it would be an issue (Even my old samsung S2 comes with 3 presets to choose from).  Otherwise, the phone works great and no complaints.

Not the price of Google store but in hands. Working fine. Peolpe love to see it as a new phone.

Best phone in the market for the price.fast processor, wide screen ,latest version of Android.made of gorilla glass front and back....

I bought this phone after reading excellent reviews at Amazon and elsewhere. I bought it from Google Play store directly - saved a few dollarsThe only con is no ability to insert an exernal micro SDHC cardThe pros:- camera has an auto panorama stitcher mode - this was very important to me- after taking a pic - decent options to edit - crop, fix, frame - enough for me- I only use wifi about couple hours at a time - 2 or 3 times a day - it connects to the stored wifi signal almost twice as fast as samsung galaxy/note. Whole day usage does not drain the battery.- everything is zippier - memory management does not seem necessary (in my 2 days thus far) - I am running Gmail, calendar, Gtasks, Skype, Facebook, Twitter, Camera, Phone contacts, Settings, Maps concurrently  am at 600 MB onlyGet it

My previous Google Nexus phone bit the dust this summer - kept turning off in the middle of conversations. Time for a new phone. I considered both Android and I-Phones before buying and decided that, since I know the Android OS and apps, this was the best bang for the buck. I LOVE IT!  As far as I'm concerned it does everything I would need an i-Phone to do and just as well. For the first time ever, I really CAN do everything on my phone while away from home.It's a bit bigger than I expected, but thinner so I'm not really dealing with more bulk. The current Android OS is more intuitive than previous versions and you can do most anything with a quick swipe. The virtual keyboard is easy to use even with fat fingers.  Overall, I am extremely satisfied with this phone and pleased that I bought it!

I am tech guy. I love new gadgets and I love anything related to technology. With that said, when the Nexus 4 was announced it intrigued me. I've tried Android about 2 years ago on a Galaxy S phone and wasn't impressed. I wasn't sure if it was the operating system itself or the experience that was given through the Galaxy S phone.When the Nexus 4 became available again on the PLAY store I decided to order a 16 GB model. For only $50 more I felt it was worth the upgrade. The phone arrived on Monday, February 4th. I was excited for it's arrival as I was anxious to see if the Nexus Android experience would lure me away from my iPhone 5. I've been using iOS for several years and while the simple interface of icons did bore me a bit, the phone did everything I needed and more.PROS -There as much to like about this phone. When I unboxed it, the large display instantly grabbed me. I was excited to try a phone that was a bit larger. I unboxed and powered it up. I didn't have a micro-SIM card so I couldn't start using it right away (the iPhone 5 has a nano-SIM). I set everything else up and connected to WiFi. I started configuring all my accounts, apps, etc. I came across some issues but overall it was nice.Screen (4.7") - The screen on this phone is very nice. I don't feel the quality is the same as an iPhone 5, but it's definitely one of the best on the market. It's larger, but not huge like the Galaxy Note  and Note 2. It's also one piece of glass on the front of this phone so there are no grooves are indention's of any type.Customization - One of the biggest things Android fans talk about is the customization that is possible in the Android operating system. The possibilities are endless, of course, having the time to play with these options is another story. You can almost do anything you'd like if you take the time to find the settings and/or app that will allow you to do it. You can also load custom ROMs and root your phone to allow more options. I did not go that far with this phone as I really didn't have the time or the need, but the possibility is there.Android OS directly from Google - The main reason I chose the Nexus 4 was because I liked the fact that the operating system was provided by Google and wasn't junked up with any added interface like HTC, Motorola and Samsung like to do. It's a pure Google experience with OS updates directly from Google and quicker than any other phone. Android 4.2 really is the best Android OS to date. The options are endless, the system seems more refined than past versions and overall it's a needed and very nice improvement.CONS -As a user of iOS, many Android fans would call me a simple minded person. I take that as a complement. I love technology and I love playing with new gadgets, but for some reason, when it comes to my phone I just want it to work and do what I need it to do. There were several situations that I came across that prevented me from doing what I wanted. Here they are:Battery Life - Far and away the most frustrating part of using the Nexus 4 was the battery life. With my iPhone 5, I was accustomed to getting almost two full days of battery life out of my phone. There were many occasions where when I layed down for bed at 10 PM my phone would be at 53%. This was not the case with the Nexus 4. My battery died every day anywhere from 3-5 PM. I spent several hours tweaking and configuring settings on my phone. I turned the brightness of the screen down to 10%, I turned off unnecessary features like NFC, bluetooth, cellular data when not needed and wifi. I disabled all widgets, I turned off syncing of many apps except email. I essentially turned my phone into a dumbphone by disabling all the things we love to have with our smartphones. Even with all of this, I still was lucky to have 10% battery life by 6 PM. This was unacceptable in my mind and was a big drawback to using this phone.Earpiece and Speaker Volume - Another big issue I came across was when I was speaking to anyone whether it was on speakerphone or via the earpiece I could barely hear them. I spoke with several people ranging from landlines, to iPhones to Android phones to basic flip phones. It was all the same. The volume was up to the max and I could barely here them. The speaker volume was exactly the same, which leads me to my next issue...Speaker Placement - I will never understand why LG and Google decided to put the speaker on the back of this phone. This really diminished the audio quality of watching videos/movies or talking to someone on speaker phone. I found that whenever I used speaker I had to be very careful how I held the phone or where I placed the phone or the sound would either be very low and/or very muffled. This is a serious design flaw in my opinion.Notifications - I know that the Android notification system is loved by many, but personally I did not like it. Perhaps I'm too accustomed to iOS notifications, but I personally don't like to have all my notifications pop up on the top of the phone. It's great for text messages and missed phone calls, but I didn't want all my e-mails to show up, all my google voice calls and texts and others. I realize I could turn these off, but with iOS I could actually have a badge show up on the app showing that I have a notification for that app. Nothing more, nothing less. I simply would open the app when ready and check what it is. I prefer this method because I use my Google Voice account for business and didn't want to be bothered with notifications all the time, but did like to know when something was there for me to check when I had a chance.Apps - The Play store has many apps to choose from and I like the changes that have been made in the transition from Market to Play. Unfortunately, the quality of the apps was very poor in my opinion. I use a variety of different apps, utilities and games. Many of the apps I used (particularly banking apps) were very poor quality. They were clunky and looked unfinished and many were very unstable. They stopped responding, they crashed, etc. When browsing the Play store, having to sort through the junk apps to find higher quality apps is another bother. I realize you have junk apps on iOS too, but I noticed far too many apps that did not apply to what I was searching fro when browsing the Play store. I know that Android is capable of having a smooth interface and app experience, but it's up to the developers to refine their app and that clearly didn't happen on the apps I used.Size - I listed this as a  pro, but I found it to also be a con. Here's why: I'm not a small guy - 6'1" and 190 lbs. My hands are average size and I found the phone to be difficult to hold at times. I loved the large screen, but the comfort level of holding a 4.7" screen is not very good. I nearly dropped the phone on several occasions, and did not like the feel of the phone in my front pocket (how I carry all my phones). I prefer on handed operation on many occasions, but found that wasn't possible with this phone for most of the things I did.LTE (or lack thereof) - Obviously, I knew this phone was lacking LTE when I purchased it. I've read many reviews and everyone said that while it doesn't have LTE, it still was fast enough to get the job done. My provider is AT&T; and I saw a huge speed difference in the iPhone 5 and the Nexus 4. The iPhone 5 was constantly grabbing 40 Mbps down while using LTE. I was lucky to get 2-3 Mbps on the Nexus 4. I don't blame the Nexus 4 entirely for this as I understand that it's the AT&T; network more than anything, but the phone is lacking the latest technology (for many reasons, some out of Google's power) and that hurts it's functionality and value in my mind. Streaming video on LTE is like no other. It's faster than my home WiFi and is very smooth. HSPA+ on AT&T; and the Nexus 4 felt very bogged down and slow.CONCLUSION -After spending about a week with the Nexus 4, I decided to go back to to the iPhone 5. I enjoyed using Android and enjoyed a lot that this phone had to offer, but the battery life was one of the biggest problems with using this phone. It's a shame, as this phone has a lot of potential. My experience is going to be different than everyone else, but I hope that this review will help others decide whether or not the Nexus 4 will fit their needs.EDIT (3/1/2013): I would just like to comment on the customer service I received from the Google Play store. For a company the size of Google, their customer service experience was quite pathetic. I returned the phone on February 11th and it was received by Google on February 14th. I have been calling to inquire about the refund as I fell within the 15 day return period. I wasn't able to get much information from anyone other than "they would reach out to a specialists to follow up". I have finally received notice today my refund is being processed (3/1/2013). A full two weeks (10 business days) to process a refund is absurd, but perhaps it's because I'm spoiled by companies like Amazon who process refunds within two business days of receiving an item, but usually even quicker than that.

My best smartphone ever...  :-)work faster, the battery support all day... really this is my best smartphone (better than S2 and S3).

I see a lot of great reviews here and I agree with most of the comments. The phone is amazing and the stock apps and features are fantastic. The downside is the battery life. You hardly get 2.5 hours of screen time before it goes from 100 to 0 % if you use it continuously. With very sparse use - around 30 minutes talk time, 20 minutes of mail  the battery still drains to 0% in about 8 hours, most often requiring 2 charges per day (you can see that the OS is using up most of the battery life). At this rate the 800 charge cycles will get used up in a years time before the battery starts to degrade. And then it does not come with a replaceable battery nor replacing it looks easy. There are tons of battery woes posted on XDA and Other Android forums. If Google can somehow solve this problem, it will be the best phone ever for its price.

I'd like so much of htis product.It's a great product.Its met my expectations!I love it so much!

I've waiting too long for this phone but Google is always without stock. I paid few extra buck but i finally have my nexus. Happy!The phone is great no problem so far!

I Love the premium and unique design of the Nexus 4 its much better than the Nexus 5 since it will still get the OS Updates and even if the specs are better they dont truly matter anymore.

Like!!!Call recording is impossible. It is a problem for me. The device is nice. Speaker could be better. Zzz vvv bbb nnn mmm nnn bbb bbb

This phone is the best by far. It's not heavy, its battery last long and it's fast.Android, of course.Happy and enjoying it!

My sister want to buy a phone, i recommended it this one, she get crazy and start to install all the apps that she has listened before.

TOTALLY DISAPPOINTED IN THIS PRODUCT. Plugged the phone in to charge instead, it overheated and died! Phone was fully charged two days ago, and just died on me. Recharged, working, plugged in to recharge when I got home and it is now not working at all.Really disappointed in this, very glad I did not pay full price but can see why it was selling for less than...

Really nice smartphone. Just like inumerous web reviews have said, the phone is beatiful, smooth and fast. Better than the pricier Galaxy SIII, imho.

Good performance, easy to use, android version updated to 4.3 improved animations and battery lasting, free 50gb in my Box account (cloud storage), for a affordable price.

The best phone of google, is among the top 5 in the world for sure. Beautiful phone, fast and meets expectations.

I like this phone very much. Also I am a fan of Google company!This product is highly recommended and the performance is perfect.

Works great in Mexico, it's really a competitive price, i have no complains about it, it is a really good choice in smatphones

Blah blah blah blah... If you're reading this, you've probably seen quite a few reviews of this phone already... It's a Nexus phone people! You get the latest Android updates! (Jelly Bean is snappin fast!), it's stock Android, which means you won't get any of the additions of any other company (Touchwiz-Samsung, sense-HTC.... you name it)Plus, the specs... 2 GB of RAM, quad core processor.This phone is freakin FAST! No lags when loading apps, multitasking is a breeze, and it's just so easy to work on this phone, and do whatever you want to do with it! In terms of putting apps, downloading stuff, etc. This phone will do the job just fine.Now, this isn't a perfect phone of course.Here are a few flaws:1) No microSD slot: This is a problem for some people, since 16GB is not enough if you take a lot of pictures, or if you listen to A LOT of music. The HTC One on the other hand, even though it doesn't come with a microSD slot, it comes with either 32 or 64 GB of internal memory, instead of 8 and 16 (which is the case for the Nexus 4). And I think that for a cell phone, even 32GB is more than enough.2) no LTE/4G: Guys, we don't even have 4G in my country. We do have 3.5G, or H+, which is what you see on your phone. And since that's my personal case, this doesn't bother me at all. Also, I've heard that even in the US there's still no 4G coverage everywhere you go, so... it relaly depends on our location.3) Photos are blurry when the place is dark, and you take pics with the flash: This happened to me at least 3 out of 4 times. It bothered me a little bit, but.... meh. It depends on what you're looking for. You bought a camera or a cell phone? Besides... in daylight, the camara performs well enough in my opinion.Except for the third one, you already knew about the first two, so that shouldn't bother you if you bought, or are thinking about buying the phone, just because you already know/knew what to expect.However, as I said before: I wish you the best trying to look for a phone as fast as the Nexus 4, with the same specs, for the same price or better. At the time of me writing this review, there just isn't any!So yeah, there you have it. Go and freakin buy this phone. At least for the next year or two, you're going to be the first one receiving the latest updates to the Android OS. And if Google keeps it the way it has been so far, the phone can only get faster. And I'm happy with that.Would I recommend it? Heck yes I would.

pretty good, but, a little thin in quality

Its been a month now and It is starting to switch off time to time for no reason :-( :-(

I love this Phone. i love it so much im going to buy another one for my fiance. It has been named best phone of 2012 but i say it should even be best phone of 2013. Unlike the nexus 5 which still has its bugs, this puppy is flawless. One problem, Verizon doesnt allow you to use this phone or any google phone on their service so if you have them better go get the motto x cause thats as close as you will ever get to this phone.

I got this phone as a replacement for the Iphone 4S,Im really happy with the phone.But its really fragile. In one month the back cover got broken with a noticed scratch. Dont know how it happened. But I will need to get a case for the phone.Its really fast and ver yeasy to use..

I'll keep my review brief.I actually liked this phone quite a bit.  I like the OS, the store, the ease of loading and using the apps from the store.  The screen seems big, and looks great.Here's the cons I've discovered w\ mine :*Fragile  The phone simply breaks very easily.  I had an iphone 4 for over 2 years without a crack... worked great.  This thing can't withstand the smallest of falls.*Battery life  The battery life is horrible.  I find the phone constantly needing to be charged.  Some things like the flashlight even seem to run the battery out despite having been closed.

The Nexus 4 is a great Phone from Google and LG.It's half price that it competitor and can fight with any of these overpriced smartphones. :)So far, great camera, great screen, and good battery life.

This was for my daughter.  Took the phone to service provider.  Setup her account.  And I don't get to talk to her much anymore.

excelente equipo sin quejas, jamas volvere a usar blackberry es bastante rapido como esperaba y y llego a tiempo. altamente recomendado

I got my cell phone yesterday and &#305; didn't left it since &#305; got it. Awesome touch screen really quick. Shipment was really fast. Thanks a lot

I recently bought the Lg Nexus 4, and I really like it. This phone is really fast and handle very well multitasking. The fisical appearance of the phone is really nice, with gorilla glass 2 on the screen and the back of the phone. What I really don't like, it's that sometimes with a little extra use the phone start to heat up.But after everything is a really good phone with an incredible screen

here is what I've learned after 3 months of having this phone. I was worried that the battery wouldn't last all day because I listen to a lot of podcasts at work. It does last all day. I do heavy use in the morning for about an hour, I use it as a reader for all my news sites and so on. I listen to about 6 hours of podcast per day. texting and light talking. it usually is just about dead at the end of the day. It is screaming fast and this version of android is the best so far. No regrets at all. oh also I run it on simple mobiles service which uses T-Mobile, so I only pay $45 a month for talk text and web! Can't beat that.

It's my number 2 nexus 4. If you're thinking on buying one, do so, the phone is superb. Yet, it's a bit slippery and very very I repeat, VERY fragile. So buy a case. Mine is holding up perfectly with the Seidio Active one.Cheers!

super phone fine the best i love it very much good phone for work and joy play with child and not only

I ordered the unlocked Nexus 4 in order to buy in to the T-Mobile 5GB data plan ($30 w/ 100 minutes).  Previously I had an LG Optimus S for over three years...it was a decent phone that was built like a tank, but the lack on internal memory finally became just too much.The Nexus 4 is a nice looking piece of hardware and feels pretty solid in hand.  I haven't had a problem with scratching, but I installed theSkinomi TechSkin - LG Nexus 4 Screen Protector Ultra Clear Shield + Full Body Protective Skin + Lifetime Warrantyon the front and back and purchased the Nexus 4 bumper from Google.  Together they make a great encasement for the phone - and the bumper actually makes it easier to hit the power/volume buttons.Performance - it is quick, snappy, and can do pretty much anything you would like in a very short period of time.  I like the integration with Google+ and GoogleNow is a pretty neat service.  The interface is smooth and simple...I love it.  The texting/swiping feature is way more accurate and intuitive than my old phone's Swype feature.Screen - The screen is nice, crisp and a really good size for viewing web pages in landscape mode.  I've found that it is almost easier to read text on the Nexus 4 than it is on my tablet or (admittedly old) 15" computer screen.  Streaming video is clear and crisp as well.  Side angle viewing is not great - at about 30 degrees you experience notable dimming of objects on screen.Call Quality is clear and vastly superior to my old Sprint phone.  I have no problems with dropped calls or distortion even though T-Mobile's coverage here is somewhat spotty.The biggest negative I can share is that I'm very disappointed with the camera.  The HDR mode is useless unless you're taking a picture of a still life scene.  When I attempted to use it in an action sequence (my son on a bounce house type thing) I got some crazy ghosting/negative space image that was totally unrecognizable as a human.  In the standard photo option I have been observing obvious graininess and pixelation even when taking photos of stationary people/objects.  The video camera is all right, but don't count on it for clear images of rapid motion (a video of my son in the same bounce house is pixellated and overall poor quality).  Hopefully this can be fixed in a future update as I do use my phone camera frequently.***UPDATE 4/3/13***Perhaps my initial criticism of the camera was a little too harsh.  I am finding that under well-lit conditions, the camera performs well in the standard mode.  I haven't attempted to use the HDR mode again given poor earlier results.  Low-light is a little dicey and is where I see the most graininess in photos.  The video mode works much better in well-lit environments as well.  It's still far from perfect (lack of stability control is probably a prime contributor), but it is good for most environments in which you'd be taking photos.************If the camera met even my minimal standards this would be a 5-star smartphone.  It's a joy to use for 95% of its functions.  If you rely on your phone to be your only camera I would buy the Nexus 4, take it for a test run and determine whether it's for you or not.  If you don't care about the camera it is a no-brainer for an Android phone.  The only other phone that came close in my opinion is the Lumia 920 - also a great phone if you prefer the Windows ecosystem.

I thought I would never leave BlackBerry OS for Android, but I was wrong! Fantastic build quality, the latest version of Android for years to come, fast as a speeding bullet, you can't beat it! Especially not at that price!

Im so happy. Now i have a great smartphone for very few money. its very cheap to have too much characteristics..Simple.. Wonderful.

Amazing price, good delivery on time. Phone is amazing : No defects, no problems. Everything is fine. Already using it and have no problem.Only thing you will need is to get shock absorption bumper or case because Nexus 4 is fragile because of its gorilla glass, but this is the main thing that makes it sexy.Phone is amazingly fast and stands next to the top-end today's phones. Performance is great, camera is normal, but for 300$ you pay camera is effin amazing.I just love this phone.

I have been using this phone for almost 2 weeks now and the experience has been amazing.Phone design is classy, clean and back panel catches eyes too.Display is great too, Responsiveness is amazing as well.The phone is very well built with glass on both sides. It has great screen, speedy processor and 2gigs of ram. It is pleasant to handle and everything is super fast. You can get google updates very quickly.Overall its nice to handle and good looking as well.I strongly recommend this to all smart phone users.

The best androind experience around. The fastes snappiest Android ever. I love it so much.It worked in my Carrier here in Uruguay, unlocked so you can use it in almost every country. I strongly recommend it

i think it's one of the most impresive phones that i ever had. it's quick and easy to use, and is what i want

Phone was purchased thru Google Play and not an international version. The phone went dead after almost 6 months, it wouldn't power on even fully charged (charged overnight). Tried everything but still couldn't get it to turn on. Took it to phone tech and he finally was able to get it to power on, however, all data were gone! The tech stated the electronics board was defective and the problem will most likely  reoccur. Since the phone was open and worked on, warranty was voided. Maybe it just my bad luck but, should stayed with Samsung, never had any problems with them for years.

Good screen,  excellent quality made materials,  feels good in hand.  I just inset my sim card and work right away

A lot of people need a phone that will do everything under the sun, and this phone will not disappoint. It includes a Snapdragon S4 Pro chip which makes it really fast, and 16GB's of storage, which is enough for me. The camera could use some improvements, but Google has been updating the camera app, and the Nexus 4 gets software updates as soon as they are released. The UI is great, the apps are abundant, and the phone is literally a powerhouse. Recommended for anyone who needs a phone that won't let them down.

Great phone but Google is selling their phone direct for less than if you buy it from Amazon.  Google told me that I might have to wait two weeks for my Nexus 4 but for lots less money that seemed OK.  I got mine in two days, not two weeks.Be sure to get a bumper to protect the phone.  I got one with a back cover so I could store other SIM cards and the key for the SIM card drawer.

** Bought directly from GoogleI have been using this phone for 6+ months now and I think you get what you pay for. Voice leakage during telephone conversations and a third-class camera are what killed it for me. I compared this phone to Galaxy S4 and the latter just blew it away... into very small pieces.For the price, it's a good phone. But my suggestion is to get top of the line Samsung or Apple, you won't have that awful feeling during a vacation that I wish I had a better camera or get embarrassed with awful voice quality.I could go on and on about the different bugs, especially with switching audio sinks (between bluetooth, headset, speaker...) or the inaccurate touchscreen that will drive you nuts but I will give it a rest.For the record I've probably got more perspective than most people posting here -- worked on Blackberry phones for a few years, have most of Apple products at home and have this guy as my primary phone along with two Android tablets (they are even worse) and a BB Playbook (a level above Android tablets). I really want to diversify away from Apple... as good as their products are I hate the cage they put you in...

I got it on time and it was in A++++ condition. Bought it for my hubby as a gift and he is totally in love with it. Now he makes me jealous because he constantly tells me about the AWESOME features of the phone. Kudos!!!

The cost and the funtionality are great, Google Android at his best in the Nexus 4, really good phone. Recomended

I bought this phone after having a tough time getting a decent price for a Samsung S4. I bought the phone because it had a #Google name. This phone is by far the worst I have owned. I would suggest you search "nexus 4 slow internet connection" on your favorite search engine. See how many other people have the same issue. Secondly, the screen freezes often. Good luck trying to locate your destination when you are on the way, and the screen freezes. During meetings I always set the ringer to silent (it's a reflex). Well, the phone will intermittently set ringer volume to max volume. This has happened often enough to the point I have to turn off the phone. I only give this a 1 star, because I can't give it a -1 star !!!

Extremely fast, no bloatware, very high resolution screen and nice design.Would benefit from an easier to replace battery and more storage

The guy who said it may not be the best phone, but the best bang for your buck has it right.Sure, the specs on the pixel density & screen resolution are slightly worse than the other top phones out there (although barely if at all noticeable to the naked eye).  And 32GB's would be nice.At the end of the day how much is this stuff worth to you?  For me maybe a hundred bucks or two.  Certainly not $800 which is about what I'm saving over two years by buying from Google unlocked plus a terrific prepaid plan from T-Mobile.  Maybe half that if I upgrade to the next Nexus in another year, which btw will likely have all the missing features mentioned above.Google, T-Mobile, and I would all like to thank Verizon for making me a new customer and saving lots of dough.  If VZ had offered the HTC One or come out with a good Nokia Lumia sooner I wouldn't have bothered to do the research on this beauty & would've continued paying thru the nose for minutes I don't use, annoying contracts, and outlandish bloatware.  If you live in North Dakota I guess you don't have a choice, but if you're in a major metro area where just about every carrier offers decent reception?  This phone is a no-brainer if you just want a good functional device with some cutting edge stuff, but aren't obsessed with the latest&greatest; (if you are you have to switch phones every 6 months).To my surprise I don't find it all that difficult to use either, even though I am not the techie type.  Pretty much got everything down within a couple days (except for the camera which I haven't explored much) including 5 different wallpapers & apps/settings etc.  Google Now is pretty much the coolest thing ever.  So long Big Red, it's been real.

Excelent!

I SO HAPPY WITH MY NEW GOOGLE NEXUS 4 UNLOCKED GSM.GOOD PRICE AND GOOD PRODUCT THE PHONE ITS SO BEATUFIL

I don't have any problems with this phone. I had been using for over a year now. I don't regret getting it.

Previous review was premature. I rated it low and later found that the initial error was my own. I withdraw my review and reserve the right to comment on this product at a later date.

This phone only carries a warranty is purchase through google play!  My phone is 3 months old and Google told me they could not cover the phone for repairs, even though it was deemed defective.  They told me to contact LG, which I did and they informed me that they no longer warranty this phone!!  They owners manual states that LG will guarantee the phone for 12 months from the purchase date put this is no longer so.  You have to send them the phone with $75 and they will give you an estimate for the repair.  The $75 will be deducted from any costs.  In other words, they have your phone hostage.  DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE.  THIS IS BAD BAD BUSINESS.  I AM SO TRULY DISAPPOINTED!  $385 FOR A USELESS PIECE OF PLASTIC!!! SHAME ON YOU LG AND SHAME ON YOU GOOGLE PLAY.  AMAZON PLEASE DISCONTINUE SELLING THIS PRODUCT!!!

This smartphone is way better then I was expecting, the pure Android and the Quad-Core make it super fast, and beautiful, I couldn't have chosen a better one.

I was excited to finally receive my Nexus 4 and WAS considering the Nexus 4. After receiving I thought the phone was great except one flaw. The case is very slippery because it is made with glass. I had used a case but that prevented the proximity sensor from working. I discovered that my case was cracked after setting it on a countertop. LG will gladly replace the cover for $65 but why should I pay for something that is a product flaw. Google offers no support or replacement options.

It boasts great characteristics for a better price than other brands' flagship phones. The memory limit might be a problem in the future, but for now it is a great choice

I have to warn you that I am a fan of Pure Android, I don't feel there is a better Mobile OS out at this time as most lack some features that Android clearly has.  With that out of the way, let me say I've been using this phone for about 3 days now as I managed to score one when they went back in stock on the play store.BUILD QUALITYThe phone itself seems very solid, It features a rubberize metal frame with Gorilla Glass 2 front and back plates.  The phone is built much like the iPhone 4 and 4s line and like those phones the Nexus 4 also features a non-removable battery.  No real complaints over all with the build quality.SPECIAL FEATURESThe three biggest features the phone adds, in my opinion, are NFC with Google Wallet support, Wireless Charging, and Wireless display / Mirracast (this might be the first Google Device with Airplay style Screen Redirection).Google claims that 200,000 locations are now equipped with NFC (Near Field Communication) and setup to use their wallet for payment services.  I haven't seen one yet but, I haven't really activated Google Wallet yet either.Wireless Charging is really cool but, as of right now the optional accessories required for the feature are pretty pricey and I cannot see myself spending $70+ for a piece of hardware to charge my phone when I have the plug that came with it for free.  I might consider buying a few of these if they were say, $30 each.Wireless display has been around awhile and the Android version is Mirracast, this is cool and it is an open standard so more devices than just Google TV will support it.  This will be really cool in the future but, right now it is a work in progress.DISPLAYI am not somebody who felt that the iPhone display was the best on the market, as it clearly was not and hasn't been in some time...  With that said, this phone again took a page from Apple's book as LG went with a 300+ PPI, IPS based Display.  After using AMOLED for the past several years, I'm honestly disappointed in the Display.  Yes the display is sharp, bright, and overall very nice.  However, compared to AMOLED it has poor black levels, color saturation, and battery efficiency.  To me, this is a step back from the Galaxy Nexus and it's a shame.PERFORMANCEThis might be the only quad core S4 Krait based phone in North America (I cannot think of another at this time) and as a result, the CPUs are likely the fastest around (yes faster than the iPhone) but, the use of an Adreno 320 GPU makes it a decent performer but, not the best in terms of Graphics.  Overall, a very smooth phone that will not have any issues running the latest apps and games but, it could have been better.NETWORK PERFORMANCEThe Nexus 4 is an HSPA+42 GSM based phone and for what it is, the performance is great.  HSPA+ is good but, it is no LTE so if that matters to you, then steer clear of the Nexus...  For me, I use Net10 on the AT&T; Network and I really have no issues with the speed as long as I can have unlimited Data for a low fee.  This is pretty much a wash until Carriers return unlimited data connections with LTE speeds.CAMERASThis is a tough one, I never really think much of the Video-Conference cameras as most get the job down pretty well and the Nexus is no exception.  The actual still / video camera on the phone is another issue...  I find the camera to be among the best in modest to bright sunlight but, less than ideal in lower light.  Of course, just about everyone else has included some form of stabilization in their main cameras and this is sadly something the Nexus is lacking.  Overall, they're very good cameras.SOUNDSound is solid and I have no complaints, I don't really see this as a strength or a weakness of this phone.BATTERY LIFEWow, this is certainly not the strongest point for the phone!  Out of the box, the phone might get you through 8 to 10 hours of heavy intermittent use but, it is not an all day beast by any means.  I had to turn off Google's Maps and Latitude Service as that is a huge drain, it is like running Apple's find my phone with the phone reporting in every few minutes and of course turning off the GPS is a must as well.  To me, knowing there are no battery cases, and knowing you have some pretty intensive features in the OS would make the non-removable battery a suspect decision.  This might be the biggest weakness of the phone.SOFTWAREAndroid Jellybean is simply the best and most feature rich OS on the market and there's not much to add to that.  The phone came unlocked and contract free so there's no skins or malware installed on the unit.Google Hangouts is far better than FaceTime as you can have 9 people on the same video chat at once.Google Maps trumps Apple Maps by a mile.Google Chrome much more feature rich than Safari.Mobile Hot spot, being an unlocked phone makes for an unlocked Hot Spot and that is a huge benefit of this handset.CONCLUSSIONIt is a nice phone but, I really hate that these companies are going so far after the iPhone features that they fail to exclude many of the weaknesses!  Samsung was pretty bad at this but, at least they left most of it in software and adjusted for the hardware.  With LG creating a phone that has a Glass front / back plate, a sealed battery, and an IPS Display just seems like they've included too many of the negatives of the iPhone and taken a the Nexus line a few steps back in some areas.Now, let me say I've only been using the phone for a few days but, this isn't my first smartphone.  Do I like the phone?  Yes, I like it a lot!  Do I love the phone? I think it is too early to say, as there certainly are features that are problematic to me.

This is my first review of the device, let me tell you this phone is really fast, the android experience is really awesome.The only downside is the battery, I wish it would last longer, but with the 3G network and use I do of the device it last from 7am to 4pm at least. I listen music and use the web a lot and chat services (whatsapp, Facebook, hangouts).I also bought an Anker external battery which was the best combo ever. It give extra juice to the device is case of a trip. Actually I only charge it on the nights if you charge it a little in the afternoon it would last for the rest of the day.The screen is beautiful and so does the finish, but I bought a case too because the gorilla glass back doesn't give me confidence.Beautiful and fast device. If you love Google products and want a new phone this is the one.Oh! The camera is not the best one in the market, quite decent but the S3 one is way better, but that's not an awful thing, pics looks good and using the HDR options give them a more stylish look.Recommended!

Well, this will be short but not so sweet.  Having owned the original Nexus One since the week of it's release, I sort of expected better durability with the Nexus 4. Granted, the One was made by HTC and the four by LG but still, somehow my Nexus One has survived tremendous abuse over the past three years while I was pretty careful with the shiny new Nexus 4.  Perhaps the problem is the over hyped Gorilla glass.  The Nexus One does not have it but the other phones that have had a version of it - my wifes HTC Sensation and this Nexus 4 - both ended up with cracked screens.  With the Nexus 4, I actually noticed fairly quickly that the screen scratched much easier than the original Nexus One in normal use.  Finally today though, somehow the screen cracked, leaving the touch interface inoperable.  I'm pretty careful with phones - not a single failure in over a decade with any other phone - so I was pretty shocked that my Nexus 4 screen cracked. I guess I will avoid phones with Gorilla Glass going forward given this experience and that of my wife with her HTC Sensation.Otherwise, the phone was alright. Definitely a bit slippery to handle, not terribly ergonomic in use but fast hardware.  It does tend to heat up quickly when doing simple things like surfacing the net.

Speaking from the standpoint of being somewhere between avid phone geek and mild mannered everyday consumer, and having used many of the mainstream and international devices, I can honestly say with good conscious that of all the phones I may have ever tested and used, the Nexus 4 is definitely in my top five favorites here's why:BUILD QUALITY:Overall, the build quality is solid. The Nexus 4 is similar to iPhone 4 and 4s in that both the front and back panels are glass. The outside edge seems to be made of a matte hard plastic but doesn't have a cheap feel to it. It's a very elegant looking device and while the glass front and back can cause some mild anxiety, a bumper can rectify any concerns you have. Also the Nexus 4 is thin and while the 4.7 inch display is large, the phone is really not that bulky. I have fairly small hands and didn't have too much issue using it with one hand semi-comfortably. The volume and power buttons are appropriately placed. There are no other capacitive buttons on the device.PERFORMANCE:The Nexus 4 running Jelly Bean 4.2.1 is blazing fast and fluid. Google did wonderful job with Jelly Bean. It's now much more fluid, lagless and robust as on OS overall. The on board quad core processor and 2GBs of RAM make for super fast loading of applications and content. So far, no force closes either.CALLS/DATA:Using it over T-Mobile's network, the Nexus 4 has been extremely fast. Web pages loaded in a 3-5 seconds and calls were clear. Since I've been using the Nexus 4 for the past two months, I haven't had a single dropped call.CAMERA:Although not one of the best cameras I've used on a mobile device, the camera will get the job done for quick capturing or video. The shutter time is about 1-2 seconds so no obnoxiously long waiting times.COOL STUFF:NFC - Near Field Communication - This allows for wireless charging and sharing with other devices that are NFC enabled. I own the LG Wireless Charging pad for my Nexus 4... GREAT STUFF! And it's awesome to be able to share pictures, files, etc. without needing an App and simply by touching devices.COMPLAINTS:The sound driver in the Nexus 4 must be super small because the sound quality through headphones is absolutely dreadful, although through speakers, it's great. Also, the only complaint I have about Android OS is that in the GMail App, you can select all emails and mark all as read... a very minor complaint but something useful none the less. Also, no expandable memory or included earbuds.CONCLUSION:Should the average consumer grab this device? Absolutely... for a $299 outright price point all while being a competitor in terms of specs with the iPhone 5 and the Samsung Galaxy SIII, unless you really have a disdain for Android OS, you can't go wrong with the  Nexus 4. Also, because it's a Nexus device, it will receive "special attention" in terms of updates from Google. It's an excellent device. Google and LG have proven that they can break barriers without breaking pockets.It's just a really, really good device.

I love this phone.....the best phone at the best price!!!!! Who needs to use a computer anymore? And its so easy to use.

After alot of research and thinking I choose the Nexus 4 and I did the right choice.Greate Display, Very Fast,Good Price, Good Hearing, Greate size.all around greate smartphone.

Very good phone for a very good price.Beter than galaxy 3.few things to be considerThere is no headphone in the packBattery life little short

Top smartphone and the best Android pure experience.Awesome multitask, great screen, and everything runs pretty smooth, due of the 2GB RAM and the quad-core processor.

Slick user experience if you are wanting a stock android phone. easy to customize and easy to tweak, if you are into that stuff. Vanilla android is the only version of android I want to use after playing around with this beauty and the nexus 7.

My last phone was a Sony Xperia Arc LT15a. I love the design of Sony Xperia but it was getting slow beacuse the lack of memmory. The Nexus 4 is perfect when you consider the performance. I can do everything i did on my last phone with a excellent performance. I just wanted Google to make more accessories as Apple does.Just some Information in Portuguese: Coloquei um chip da vivo e funcionou perfeitamente, sem problemas.

My first smartphone was a Samsung Galaxy Ace and despite not being a bad phone, it's not the kind of phone for my use. Little space and little internal memory was causing the phone to lose much performance. Besides the battery does not last at all, even with little use.With the Nexus 4 this problem was completely solved! I installed all the programs of the Galaxy Ace, all of the songs and there was no loss of performance, the battery lasts well in that version 4.2.2, the screen is very good, touch is very fast and efficient, the GPS connects very fast and NFC is very handy. Really I am very satisfied and recommend to all who want to acquire this beautiful phone.Portuguese (Brazil)Meu primeiro smartphone foi um Samsung Galaxy Ace e apesar de no ser um telefone ruim, no &eacute; o tipo de telefone para o meu uso. Pouco espao interno e pouca mem&oacute;ria estavam fazendo o telefone perder muito desempenho. Al&eacute;m da bateria que no dura nada, mesmo com pouco uso.Com o Nexus 4 esses problemas foram completamente resolvidos! Eu instalei todos os programas do Ace Galaxy, todas as m&uacute;sicas e no houve perda de desempenho, a bateria dura muito bem nessa verso 4.2.2, a tela &eacute; muito boa, o toque &eacute; muito r&aacute;pido e eficiente e sens&iacute;vel , o GPS se conecta muito r&aacute;pido e NFC &eacute; muito &uacute;til. Realmente estou muito satisfeito e recomendo a todos que querem adquirir este excelente e belo telefone.

First and foremost, as other reviewers have mentioned: do not buy this phone from Amazon as it costs less buying directly from Google play.  Also, this review will be long and somewhat incoherent, but I'll try my best to cover as much as I can about this phone.A little bit of information about me, I am a computer hobbyist whose first venture into the realm of smart phones is the Nexus 4.  Yes, it's been a long time coming, but I've never felt compelled to join the ranks of mobile tech enthusiasts until now, and the reason boils mainly down to the fact that the Nexus 4 is, at least in my opinion, the best bang for the buck you can get within the vast selection of Android smartphones out there.The hardware, even now, is still top of the line when it comes to the combination of processor, GPU, and the 2GB RAM.  It's far ahead of its time relative to the software optimized for it, given the fact that the iPhone 5 can match and even exceed the Nexus 4 in various benchmarks, despite the iPhone 5 having inferior hardware and less RAM.  Therefore, people who opt to purchase this phone won't find it crucial to move up to the next one for quite some time, unless they want the absolute bleeding edge of technology.  One important thing to note is that, because smartphones in general lack any sort of self-cooling system or even a heatsink to quickly disperse the heat elsewhere, doing CPU and GPU intensive tasks will heat the phone up quickly and can cause system throttling, which lowers the performance of the phone in order to preserve the life span of the components and the battery.The built in microphone quality, as far as phone calls goes, has been clear enough for my purposes.  I don't expect too much out of microphones, and this one has not disappointed me yet in conversational clarity.  For video sound capture, however, it seems a bit unsuited for expeditious recording, but may be adequate for stationary recording.  Being on the T-mobile Unlimited Plan, myself, I found the data speeds to be more than adequate and the Wi-Fi reception to be comparable to that of laptop quality.  The Nexus 4 has a dual band HSPA+ 42 which means that it transfers data from two towers at once, obviously making the signal much stronger and more consistent than single band.  Finally, the screen quality represents the same level of clarity as my desktop LCD, as far as I can observe, which is impressive by my standards.On the subject of operating systems, the Nexus 4 separates itself from the Android competition by being first in line for Android updates.  This is because the other manufacturers who advertise their own features to the Android operating system, such as Samsung and its Touch Wiz, have to take time and implement their own features with each and every update.  As a result, nearly all of the other phones must wait a few months to receive the latest updates, which may or not be of great concern to the general smartphone consumer.  It is also important to note that Android smartphone users are free to format their phones and implement whichever version of Android they please, modded or otherwise, but doing so is not for the faint of heart.  Incidentally, I've noticed that the Nexus 4 snappiness is slightly, but noticeably smoother than the Samsung variants I've demo'd so far.  One potential downside is that Nexus 4's Android OS, more commonly known as "stock android", is  somewhat less user friendly than the flavors of Android that are reworked for the purposes of other Android smartphone manufacturers, which has perhaps, in part, lead to the Nexus 4 being dubbed "the Android developer's phone".The build quality, as noted by other reviewers in ambivalence, has style more in mind than durability.  Both the back and the front appear to be gorilla glass (though I could be wrong on this), but the back glass lacks the oleophobic coating that is, in actuality, what deters scratches and fingerprints, not the glass itself.  The oleophobic coating is a very thin layer whose presence is known by the slickness that gradually fades as the coating wears away over time and wear.  The good news is that, for those who don't want to purchase screen protectors and enjoy the slick feeling of the coating, there are oleophobic coating replacement kits on Amazon that have enough supply to very quickly and easily reinforce the coating for months and months.  However, I would personally recommend not only a screen protector (since they last longer and add additional, albeit slight, shock protection to the screen and usually don't require replacements), but also a durable protective case, since the glassy nature of the Nexus 4 puts smartphone care on the difficulty level of hard mode.As far as unlocked phones go, and they're rather taboo nowadays due to the silly for-profit legislation, the Nexus 4 is priced far lower than its competition.  And while $299 for the 8GB version and $350 (prices may vary in the future) for the 16GB version seem like very tempting deals, there are some general consumer expectations that this phone meets and does not meet.The battery life, for me, was very manageable.  Of course, it must be said that I am a moderate user, with the knowledge that screen brightness and just having the screen on drains the battery more than anything else one could possibly be doing with it.  It is important to note that there are programs that one can find in the app store for free that can assist in managing the phone's battery life, especially ones that put the phone into deep sleep when the phone is off.  People may often wonder why their batteries drain so quickly outside of active use, and this is often due to background programs continuously utilizing the CPU and consequently draining the battery.  A bit of research can go a long way, as the greater freedom of Android also comes with it a greater chance to find ourselves in unfavorable scenarios if we're not careful.  It may take a some fine tuning, but the time, effort and results are worth it.  I have been able to get through an entire waking day, with a total on-screen time of about an hour and a half watching YouTube videos and checking e-mail down to about 50%.  To me, that's more than reasonable as far as smartphone battery life is concerned.One major downside of the Nexus 4, at least in my opinion, is that it does not have an expansion slot for memory cards.  This is can be a make or break aspect for those of us who like to have a large repertoire of music and video files at the ready without having to rely on data plans to stream them for us.  When queried for an answer as to why this feature was not implemented, a Google representative said something to the extent of SD cards being an archaic technology and some other condescending nonsense.  I found it more comical than anything else that the attitude in response to a legitimate question was one of arrogance, rather than acceptance of one's failure of awareness to consumer demand.Another meaningful downside is that if you are in the market for a smartphone that will effectively double as your camera, the Nexus is not the best that Android phones have to offer, but it is sufficient in a pinch.  From my experience, it's been rather difficult to tame the consistency of photo quality.  Video capture quality was fine for my purposes, but the sound capture, as mentioned before, was rather mediocre.Finally, there are a few more issues with this phone that are less egregious but are nevertheless meaningful to a select group of people.One is that micro-USB OTG, known as "on-the-go" was initially advertised as supported, but now the Nexus 4 manufacturers have recanted this as a "mistake" after its purchasers discovered otherwise.  For those who are unsure of what the feature is, OTG support allows us to power certain devices out of the charging port of the phone, provided that we have the appropriate conversion cables and that the phone can supply enough voltage to whatever is being connected.  For instance, with OTG support, we would be able to connect things like keyboards, mice, gaming controllers, and even thumb drives at the obvious expense of less battery life.Another issue is that the Nexus 4 doesn't seem to handle wired headsets with as much grace as other phones.  I only mean to emphasize that this goes for *wired* headsets and not Bluetooth ones.  Whether it is a hardware or software problem is outside the realm of my current scope of knowledge about the phone, but the problem seems to be that the volume adjustment affects the strength of the microphone gain.  Thus, if you want the volume to be low, the microphone will be accordingly weak.  This can be, in actuality, an extremely significant issue for people who are accustomed to making phone calls with wired headsets, since it forces us to blast our ears out with the highest volume only to render the microphone useful.  This may be fixed in subsequent updates, but, honestly, this should not even be an issue to begin with in the current generation of phones.UPDATE: It seems that newer batches of this phone have the microphone gain issue corrected, so if yours does this, LG/Google will likely accept your RMA request and have a new unit sent to you.Update #2: It seems that Android 4.3 has remedied this issue to a great extent for the remaining phones out there that still have this issue.Finally, there is no legally accessible LTE support, for those who are looking into jumping on that bandwagon.  For those of you who do not know, LTE stands for "long term evolution" and it is, at least of this writing, the fastest method of data transfer between phone and phone service.  One can also purchase USB dongles (yes get your giggles out) to plug into our laptops or, if desired, desktop computers as other means of using 4G LTE on more powerful but less portable work or play stations.  While the speeds are indeed impressive, with people able to achieve 175 megabits per second (translates to 175/8 or nearly 20 megabytes per second, statistics gathered from a Google search of the terms "4G LTE speedtest") the coverage seems to be rather sparse, limited to only a a few carriers, two being AT&T; and Verizon, and mainly within the most metropolitan of cities in the USA.  Not only that, but 4G LTE seems to make battery power management a bit more cumbersome.  Now, there would be great uses for 4G LTE in terms of using one's phone as a tethering device, which means that other devices, such as a laptop or desktop computer, would connect with your phone's 4G LTE service to gain Internet access that way.  Also, in areas where 4G LTE is prevalent, one could quite literally video chat on the fly, which is quite handy for the extreme mobile tech enthusiasts among us.  While I've been able to achieve about 10-20 megabits per second in data transfer speed with my HSPA+ data plan, which translates to roughly 1-2 megabytes per second, it's honestly generous enough for all of my applications, whether it be streaming YouTube videos or Spotify/MOG music, but may not be consistent enough for video chatting on the move.  For those that can afford it and want near-seamless access to the Internet through their wireless phone service, it might affect their decision to opt with this phone or another one that has FCC licensing for general consumer use of 4G LTE.Overall, I think the Nexus 4, despite its caveats, is the best bang for the buck as far as Android phones are concerned.  For the budget-conscious buyers who want top of the line processor and GPU, this is the phone to get.  For those who don't mind that there is no expansion slot and only 16GB max of onboard memory and want the snappiest possible Android experience, this is the phone to get.  For those of us who want an hacker-friendly device that's free from the clutches of carrier restrictions, this is the phone to get.As I learn more about this phone, I'll continue updating or altering parts of this review.  Thanks for reading.

Before the Nexus 4 I had a Samsung Galaxy S3. The S3 is a great phone and I really liked it. There is just one thing that I disliked in the S3, the Touchwiz. The Samsung system is very heavy and the limited 1 GB RAM of the phone doesn't help.When my S3 died (my fault) I decided I want to try the &#34;pure&#34; Android experience, so I bought the N4.Definitely, if you like Android, the N4 is the best Android experience so far. The phone is blazing fast and it's 2 GB of RAM helps a lot! No more slowdowns or forced close apps.Of course there are some disadvantages. The camera is not that good (comparing with the S3 camera) and my old 32 GB sd card now is retired. Although, I'm loving this phone!

This phone, compared to my last phone (Sidekick 4G) is like the most amazing phone ever.  It has some weird color saturation in the display, but honestly I am not picky about it and is not an issue to me. The display still looks super good.  Before I bought it I saw online that all these people were complaining about the camera... well obviously its not gonna take pictures that a 1,000 dollar camera is gonna take. But for a cell phone.. the pictures are good enough for me! It runs extremely fast, loads games and any apps very fast, and can have multiple apps running (ive had 20 running at once).I guess the only slight downfall I can think of really is the battery, the battery is kinda so-so.  If you use it a full day with moderate texting and light gaming or facebook you will probably get between 12-16 hours of use, or 3-4 hours of screen on time.The itself is build pretty well I would say.  I mean yea if you are dropping it on concrete all the time... don't expect it to last very long.  But I just got a thin case for it and it is just fine.  The speaker is also pretty descent, not amazing but does the purpose fine in my estimate. The buttons on it compared to some phones I have used and seen, are very good. Don't seem like they will wear out very soon.I must point out that amazon and ebay and all these online stores are charging WAY to much.  You can get the 16GB model on google play store for 350, and the 8GB for 300.  sooo why pay over 400 for the same phone.... Get a nice case or accessories with the saved money! (: I highly recommend this phone!

Their may be smart phones with a couple new features, but for the cost this phone has exceeded my expectations. Also the buildl looks fantastic

Fantastic phone, incredible screen, slim, fast, sexy... Did I mention the screen?Upgraded to Android 4.4 right on first power on.Awesome.

The phone is excellent all around.  The software on this phone is a better experience than any phone out.  You always have the latest version of android and stock android with out any added bloatware.  I also love the soft keys which for some reason so many companies don't use with android.  If I would have any complaints it would be battery life, it could be a little better.  But I am a heavy user.

Just doing the first initial configuration today. Seems very responsive, excelletn screen, colours, definition, etc. Need to get used because I'm coming from a Samsung Galaxy Ace, some options are different in Jelly Bean from Gingerbread. One thing I don't like very much is to have everything related to google, with many things opening while not asked to... but the price for all the specs, sounded like a great deal, that's why I bought it.

This phone has specs that make it worth $700+. It's a bargain.Excellent screen, processor, RAM (2 GB, wow) and design. The NFC function is awesome, makes it so much practical to share content with another NFC enabled device. The only down side is the scarce storage (16GB) without an expansion sd card slot available, but that's hardly a problem if you consider how much it costs.

I love this phone. I have not had this phone long and I am still learning it's features but I absolutely love it.

If you're looking for pure android experience, well this is the phone for you. Very fast and reliable. Would recommend to anyone.

The build quality of the phone is great.It feels like a premium device, despite its no-nonsense, straightforward look amazing

I personally chose this phone because it runs stock Android 4.2 with no modificarions, and is probably one of the first in line to receive future upgrades from Google.If staying up-to-date software-wise is a priority, I highly recommend this device.Regarding the devices' hardware, it is without doubt the best smart phone I've ever owned. The build quality is what I expect from a device as this one. The UI is fast and responsive most of the time, without significant lags.If you've decided to buy a nexus 4, the 16GB version is a must in my opinion. The phone's media capabilities are underused if the device can't hold many videos/songs.

The cellphone is great, thank you for shipping it so quickly! I'm so glad it is really unlocked so I can use it where I live, in Brazil!

The device is nice, fast and came with Pure Android OS.There are only 2 downsides:First and more serious, the battery is not so good (I know we are talking about a SmartPhone, but this one has a very weak battery). I solved this problem buy more charges (I have 1 at home, 1 at work, 1 in my car and another in my back pack).The second problem is about the storage. My 16GB is almost full. For now it is ok, but I don't know what I'm going to do if Google does not launch a 32GB in the next iteration of Nexus line. I need more storage.Everything else is amazing on this device.

I love the n4. Great quality and great price. The only problem its the rear glass, but you can use a back film protector

Really good product. Nice and sleek. Good performance, life battery and Android capable (with the last version included on the device)

Fluid, cheap, cool and the most important i have android 4.3 3 days after the announcement... what else can I ask?

volume buttons already giving trouble.. thanks :-\

I was really disappointed. that's not really good deal. i feel like I was deceived. I will not buy anything like this anymore

i would like to give 5 star. But sometimes there are some issues. So 4 is good. . But overall i like it. .

Great phone!. I'm using it in Latinamerica, awsesome performance, beautiful interface. A great purchase. Hope it could be found in the market in spite of has been discontinued.

This is a GREAT phone and my daughter loves it.  I am considering a Nexus when I need to replace my phone.  However, you can buy a brand new Nexus 5 16GB for $349.  In my opinion, I wouldn't pay more than $200 for a mint condition &#34;like new&#34; one of these.  Any used or scratched/damaged would be far less.

most users will not need anything more..(I run AnTuTu benchmark application on my device and it scored 17126 points )

After two years of owning this phone, I have a pretty thorough understanding of the pros and cons of this phone.  This is my first smart phone, my previous one was a Nokia dumb phone.  Maybe I expect too much or otherwise lack of comparison to, say, iPhone, it has been a disappointment so far.PROS:1. The screen is big.2. Processor speed is good.3. Google navigation is cool, but a battery drainer.CONS:1. Cannot hang up during the phone call.  The screen is black during the phone call, and it's virtually impossible to get it back.  After googling, it's a widely complained problem, related with the problem of sensor.  The suggested solution is to use power button to force hang up, which is annoying because I lost keypad access during the call.  I also tried without covers, played with power saving options, no good. It's a problem with the phone. I hope they fixed it for the new phones.2. Battery life is very short.  For web browsing, twittering, and stuff like that, less than half day you see red line on the battery. Charging is slow too.3. Glass on screen is fragile and repair is expensive. The phone fell to the ground from 3-foot-high table top, screen was in pieces.  Try repairing it and you will feel the pain.4. Gmail always complains "no connection" over 3G wireless, even though all my other Apps, including yahoo mail, work perfectly.  Again googling reveals that this is a widely complained problem.  Playing with the options doesn't help much.  Now I don't have Gmail access on my Nexus4 over 3G.  Why can't google make such a simple App work on their native platform?In short, it's a nice phone on the first sight, but after using it for a while, you found lots of problems.  While this sounds familiar, I still feel regret as most of these problems are easily fixable. It could be better, it could be great, but it might just be that my expectation is too high for this $300 phone.

Ni 24 horas de uso y el tel&eacute;fono se da&ntilde;o, no volvi&oacute; encender.Not 24 hours of use and damage the phone, she did not turn.

First lets talk about the price, I have seen many reviews focusing on the fact that this phone is more expensive here than at the google store. Yes, its more expensive, but not that much, consider the that this phone has free shipping ( when I got had it ) and you don't pay taxes wich can set you back at least 50 dollars. So at the end its not a big difference and here the shipping was fast and was able to use some gift cards already had.Now about the phone. Because of its 2GB of RAM, you can throw any memory hog app and it will take it with class, not even a blink. I got this phone for my wife after I put the last one in the laundry by accident ( or maybe she put it there intentionally to get a new one ) She installs a lot of apps and keep them running at all times, this will would get her 512mb RAM old phone to a crawl. You won't need to change this phone for at least 2-3 years unless you have the need to have the latest toy.It has all the latest technology: NFC, rear and front camera, compass and the gps and no crap software forced on you by the carrier. To be safe at least get the bumper to protect it.With what we are saving by switching to NET10, This and another phone for me will get themselves paid in  about 10 months.

Is it the best phone in the market right now? No but for the price of $300-$350 plus tax from Google for a unlocked phone with specs and performance that the Nexus 4 has you won't find a better phone then this. If I bought this phone for $500 and up price range i would be much harsher about the lack a SD card slot, no removable battery, only a 8 and 16 GB models, lack of LTE. However i got it from the play store for $350 plus tax for a great unlock phone so i can overlook the missing features and find ways to compensate.Many people and reviewers have already highlighted the pros and cons of the Google Nexus 4 so i will skip that part. I just have to say it that it is the people who buy them in bulk from Google just make a profit is the reason why people who actually plan on using it from getting it. Glad they now limit it to 2 per buyer hopefully this way more people can get their hands this phone.

It's a great mobile phone. But I guess it's missing support for bluetooth 4.0. I bought a device supporting bluetooth 4.0 and I can't pair it with my Nexus 4.

I has amazing speed and performance. Everything is flawless on this phone. The best phone I've had thus far. It could be a little smaller, but you get used to the size. Only thing it did bother me is that it didn't come with headphones.

This is my first Smarphone and it does everything I need the way I want.5 stars cause because it's a great phone and a cheap one.

I recently decided to upgrade to a Nexus 4 from a Galaxy Nexus. I love the stock Android experience but was hesitant because the Nexus 4 only seemed like a small upgrade. While the changes are not mind-blowing, a lot of small things have been improved to deliver a better experience. I've been using the phone for a couple of weeks and here are my impressions so far:Pros:-It's a Nexus device! Vanilla Android w/ no bloatware is wonderful.-Unlocked for international travel.-Very fast/responsive. The processor and 2GB of RAM make for a speedy device.-Comfortable to hold/use.-Screen is crisp and bright. Sunlight visibility is greatly improved from the Galaxy Nexus.-I like the slightly wider screen resolution for viewing websites/documents.-Call quality for me w/ T-Mobile has been fantastic and the earpiece is loud and clear.-The back pattern is unique. Whether you love it or hate it, you can't deny that it is unique.-Wireless charging is a neat feature. I recommend the LG WCP-300 wireless charger.-Noise cancellation seems to work well.-The notification light a nice feature. Try the LightFlow app for maximum customization.-The price.Cons:-No expandable storage.-No USB OTG support.-Glass back is slippery. Installing a "screen" protector will help tremendously.-Glass back looks pretty but based on user accounts is fragile and can crack easily.-Some very minor build issues such as the phone creaking when pressure is applied. Tightening the screws helps temporarily.-No LTE. Maybe this helps keep costs down?Notes/Observations:-Battery life is pretty average based on my experience and that seems to be the general user consensus.-Screen is a little washed out but the color temp seems pretty spot on. You forget about it and only realize when you see it next to something like the HTC One.-Vibration is not very strong. It is hard to hear/feel on surfaces like desks or nightstands.-Speaker is loud but sounds only average. It can sound tinny and harsh at times.-Wi-Fi and cell reception is average based on my experience.-The camera is fine but nothing to write home about. It's fine for the occasional snapshot but don't expect great quality. The same goes for video as well.When it comes down to it, the Nexus 4 is great because it offers the ability to run vanilla Android on an almost top-tier phone for a fantastic price. Sure, the phone has its faults just like every other phone but for me it performs wonderfully.If you are sick of carrier bloatware, manufacturer skins, device upgrades every two years, and locked phones then check out the Nexus 4. It really is a great phone for the price!

Great phone with fine feature, i like it and i would not trade it for no other phone. a great purchase for my money

Quality product at excellent price - Excellent Android cell phone - Google Jelly Bean 4.2 at its finest - 4.2 updates do make using the cell phone that much easier.  Electronic only documentation for phone except for quick start guide.  For me the 16 GB of Flash Memory on-board on the board is not a limitation - that good for alot of music and magazine downloads - probably can store several full length videos as well as your music and magazines for trips without problem.  Too bad Google placed so low orders with LG for the phone that you have to buy it elsewhere than Google Play store although it is now reappearing for order there now (End of January).Only Issue i seen sometimes is in phone calls the screen does not properly stay/wake out of sleep mode during initial phone calling like to voice mail.  Get a good screen protector as well.

I absolutely love this phone! Got mine in just 4 days from Google and the phone far exceeds my expectations. Battery life is quite good and performing every function is effortless for this phone. I was curious about how fast this thing is so I took a look at how hard the cpus are working. Turns out that most of time 3 of the 4 cpus are just sitting idle. The one that is active is not working very hard at all. Occasionally you'll see it shoot to 1.5Ghz, but most of time the lone core is operating in the 300-400 Mhz range. That should tell you that this phone is not gonna annoyingly hang up no matter what you throw at it. And why anybody would buy anything but a pure Google phone in the first place i'll never know. No worries about the phone company tampering and keeping you from enjoying the full capabilities of your device.

Google is the best! I'm a nexus fan and I bought this phone because Google ensures its update. A good price with the latest technology, certainly recommend it.

It was an excellent purchase. I am very happy with my phone considering its capacity, speed, performance and price. I recommend it.

works perfectly fine.battery last long, user interface is clear and simple.not too big in my pocket, love it.clear voice and loud speaker.love it.

Yes, this particular seller is over-priced, since this same exact phone can be purchased directly from Google Play store for $349 plus about $12 for 2-day shipping and your state's local sales tax.Even though the play store says ships in 1 to 2 weeks, the last 2 16GB Nexus 4 I ordered shipped within 12 hours of ordering.  The Nexus 4 8GB I ordered which said ships in 3 to 4 weeks, shipped in 6 days.  (Nexus 4 8GB now says 1 to 2 weeks, not 3 to 4, so I suspect shipping would be far less.  Apparently Google would rather deliver far faster than the "expected" date, rather than risk disappointing a customer by shipping later than they would expect.Even though it was 2 day shipping, all 3 Nexus 4 phones I've ordered so far have arrived the next day after shipping, but that's more because of my location (North Carolina) and UPS doing a good job.For me, the only phones I'd consider purchasing are the Nexus series for a few reasons.1. Timely updates. You will always have the latest version of Android (unless you are on a CDMA network like Verizon which can take MONTHS to issue updates to their phones, even Nexus models.)2. Pure Android experience. No over-lays or extra fluff installed on the phone taking up CPU, Battery, Memory or storage space.3. Ability to root the device easily in case you want to experiment with an alternative ROM. (Rooting may, in some cases, void your phone's warranty, but unless you completely destroy the phone into a non-functioning door stop by dropping it in water or running over it, you can always un-root the phone before requesting warranty service.Yes, I'm a little worried that this phone is manufactured by LG, but I'm hoping that it was produced to stringent Google specs and will be as reliable as my original OG Droid and my Galaxy Nexus.Advantages over Galaxy Nexus (Verizion)This phone is FAST, even running stock android vs a custom ROM on my Galaxy Nexus, this phone is very speedy. I hadn't really noticed the Galaxy Nexus feeling slow, but it does now after using the Nexus 4 for a few days."Feels" more solidGoogle Wallet is fully supported.Batter life is well over double what the battery life of the Galaxy Nexus is on 4G LTE.Brings us to the disadvantages:Batter is NOT user replaceable.Personally, I think the Galaxy Nexus with it's AMOLED display has a slight advantage in contrast and color saturation.Over-all, I'm very happy with the Nexus 4 and can highly recommend it.

So far I love my google nexus 4. Its quick and has a wonderful feel. It sometimes gets warm when you play games but its nothing to worry about. I just love it

I only bought Nexus 4 a couple of weeks and already the glass is broken (quoted $160 to replace). Judging by other reviews online this is not an unusual occurrence. It's got the slipperiest surface imaginable. It slides off everything. Unfortunately, I set it down and it slid away falling flat on its front. The glass smashed rendering the touch screen inoperable. I wasn't using a cover or bumper - I don't like the idea of buying a super slim phone just to clad it in extra plastic.About the phone - fantastic. It's fast and the antenna are excellent. Compared to my work phone - Droid Razr M - the Nexus has full bars in my apartment when the Razr has one. Other than the fact that the thing takes off on its own it's a great phone.

Experience the best of google.Pros:Look and FeelDecent sizeSpeedCons:Glass (Get a case)Battery Life (Get CM10, Paranoid Android + Custom Kernel)

I'm new to smart phones, and can't speak much as to the phone itself.The phone works as a phone and connects to the internet through Wifi or 3G/ HSPA+.  I'm using T-mobile and a pay as you go plan and T-mobile SIM cardfrom Walmart.Though the delivery was very prompt, the phone was all that was delivered,even though the Amazon posting indicated that there would be 'extras'included for the price.  The price was about $25 more than purchasing fromGoogle direct [using Prime which included 2 day shipping.].  I had expectedthat I would receive more than just fast shipping.  It may be that these willcome later from 'Electronics Club,' but I have my doubts.Technical DetailsComes With Extra'sBrand New Still in PackageCaseFull Body Front and Back Screen ProtectorApparently not all of the vendors using this common posting through Amazon adhereto the Amazon listing.  If a vendor working through Amazon isn't going to beproviding the extras, there should be a separate listing that clearly notes thatonly the phone is provided.I discovered that the screen comes with a Screen Protector from Google.

I wanted to buy a new phone after my Blackberry started to die and kept contemplating between an iPhone and S4 until my son recommended me Nexus 4. I was skeptical but post a lot of research decided to pick it. It was difficult to buy this as I am from India and was visiting US for a short time and the phone was not available in any store except @ Google Play or Amazon. Finally bought 16 Gb model from Amazon.The phone is just great and I have had this for 2 months or so. It has already got updated to 4.3. The phone performs very well with no lag. The touch is perhaps the best I have experienced. The network / WiFI speed is good and no jitter while watching video. It does get warm during use.  The price / performance is perhaps best build quality is luxurious with all glass. But this is also a problem as the glass is very slippery. I recently placed the phone on some clothes and the vibration from an incoming call caused the phone to fall 2 feet and the front glass shattered and the touch became unresponsive. Fortunately this phone has been released in India and I got my screen replaced ( took the LG technician 20 mins to do so ). Damage INR 4726 :( - I am now investing in a bumper case. Many users have complained about the fragile nature of the phone. The phone battery is in built and costs INR 900 odd here.The battery lasts a day and but has a sharp drop from 100% to 90% and then discharges at an acceptable rate. This phone requires a heavy charger and a typical 700 mA charger will take a long time to charge esp. beyond 80%. Use the OEM charger. I additionally bought a spare 2.1 Amp non-OEM charger which is what I usually use.Other than this ( therefore 4 stars and not 5 ),  I am delighted to have this phone.

I bought this product for a friend and everything is just fine. The order was perfect, the product is as described and works just fine.

Clearly Google is selling a defective product with buggy wifi drivers.Phone will detect and connect to wifi but will drop the connection soon after.There are 5 other cell phones  in my home that connect to same network without any issues at all.  It isn't a router issue.  Google is not doing anything to resolve issue....I gave up, the phone is defective and google ignores the issue and blames router manufacturers.After tinkering the whole weekend I decided to return this phone.I am back to My old htc Desire. It has been connecting to any wifi ,without issue, from the moment I bought it two and a half years ago.Why can The N4 be just as reliable? why is  google ignoring their customers complaints, ignoring the issue, and yet continuing to push  the sale of a product that is defective? .....Googles arrogance shows, a promising but dissaponiting product( ...ultimately no Product support) you will be stuck without wifi or wifi issues for a very long time.If you are happy buying  'nice' defective products go ahead and buy it.

My Samsung S3 was stolen. I bought this Nexus 4 phone as a replacement until the Samsung S4 is publicly released.I'm impressed the the call quality and speed of this phone but that's it.The Nexus 4 is missing some important features.#1: Battery can not be replaced.#2: No microSD card for backups or media.#3: No 32 and 64 GB internal storage.#4: No native wireless charging.#5: No LTE.#6: No FM radio.The one thing all cell phones are missing.. built in emergency weather alert channels if the power and cell towers go out.

We get what we expect. This is genuine phone. Would have rated 5 if it was a bit cheaper. Overall satisfied.

Much better than expected! Great design, excellent screen, very good performance, really fast. I totally recommend it, great phone at a very low price

I bought through the Play store about 5 months ago. Today, it developed a crack on the back. No problem I thought, I'll call customer service, they'll help. After a while on the phone, they try to send me off to LG, who, they claim, take care of the warranty on the physical phone. Alright, so the LG guy tells me, nope, no warranty, but I can send it in for repairs. I go back to Google and explain what the LG guy says. They claim, the cosmetics are not covered. Yes, glass is cosmetic on a touch screen phone. Sure. Anyway, the moral of the story is, Google does not stand behind these devices. They have a paltry warranty and no customer service to speak of. I also have a Nexus 7 and was planning to get a Nexus 10, but I am reconsidering. Other than being fragile and having terrible service, the phone is pretty good. Very fast, very capable. A little too big if you ask me, but manageable.

Gave my 24 year old son who is in final year Med School and a phone freak, this phone as a birthday gift !He is extremely pleased and loves all of its exceptional features.

lacked wireless charger and the key for the SIM. The cellphone is amazing.I recommend this phone for everyone. Incredible quality.

easy to use ,looks good,good price,not heavy,battary is fine,good flashe,good camera,support a lot of languiges,show all the things that i need

I bought this phone over 4 months ago and I should say I'm disappointed with many things thisphone has to offer. Here are some BIG ones from my perspective:1. The only option I had for cell provider (in April) was T-mobile. T Mobilecoverage is not good where I lived although the coverage map shows excellentaccess. I live &lt;10 miles from Boston downtown, so...2. The Battery life is poor. We see it draining pretty quickly after 3-4 hrsof use.3. The promise of the cool 360 view Camera was one of the reasons we boughtthis phone, but this is a BAD camera. Even simple straightforward picturesshow serious artifacts.All in the all, I would not recommend this phone to anyone. i bought intothe hype, my recommendation is please don't. There are better phones out there!

My first Android phone!Did not like the speaker very much and the camera is not that good as the iphone 5.But imho I think it is a great deal!The android without the skins is very nice!

I purchased my Google Nexus 4 16GB - Unlocked from T-Mobile for a considerable savings. They have excellent and affordable monthly plans for talk, text, data and wi-fi. This phone is very easy to use, lightweight and has a long battery life even when using it as a wi-fi hotspot. I am still discovering all of its features like bluetooth, ethernet tethering and usb tethering. Google chrome to mobile and Google voice work very well together. I am very happy with my purchase.Google Nexus 4 Phone 16GB - Unlocked

A very practical,  state-of-the-art, affordable, and friendly device with the flexibility needed to be a great companion for work and spare times.

love itI have htc one and i got nexus 4 too because of its puritycheap price with many featuresif you are looking for great phone with cheap price and pure android get Nexus 4 it's hardly recommended

Simply the best phone ive ever used, for $250 i think its a steal, it is fast and is really the pure android experience

It dose not annoying, that's makes him the best. Heart accessibility to every function. Great looks also. I glad I bought this one.

Its the first time that I use a pure android phone....an let me tell you that It's great!!! Good sound, good display, good camera, and it will have all the new android versions of at least 5 years...It its a powerful phone so it can run A LOT OF APPS!! You won't regret it!!!

I own this phone, but I bought it from the Google Play Store. The prices from resellers are ridiculous! It goes for $349 before tax and shipping. Don't even think about paying more than $400 for this device. Yes, it is worth a lot more, but I'd allow for Google to get their stock back up from LG before considering purchasing.1. Build Quality: This is without a doubt the most comfortable phone I have ever held. It's glass front and back sandwiching a smooth grippy edging makes for one enjoyable handholding experience. It's not too light and not too heavy. It is a little wide if you use a bumper, but on it's own it feels really good in average to large-size hands. The curved front is extremely smooth and once you swipe across it a few times, you will never want to go back. It's that good. I will say though that the phone gets HOT when downloading a lot of videos, and gets pretty warm when playing games for an extended period of time. If the back were made out of plastic it would be less of a problem- I guess you are trading off practicality for elegance that situation. The faint checkered back breaks up the "black slab" appearance of the phone, and looks good, but it's not a game-changer. WIth the glass back, the tapered edges, and the grippy sides, you'll be tempted to NOT own a case.  This is one elegant phone! Just don't drop it. Glass breaks.2. Android 4.2 -  Enough has been said about Android. If you're looking at this device, then you probably already know that this OS is the most flexible, and powerful OS around. The difference is that you get fast updates vs. other Android phones, and it is VERY stable and crashes less than any other phone I've used. The phone is extremely smooth and I have yet to see lag, even with multiple widgets on several screens. . Even though Photosphere panorama is cool, you won't find yourself using it much. Google Now is a really useful tool once you have it set up correctly (it can seem to read your mind), and the new camera filters and editing options are awesome. I think they dropped the ball with the lock screen widgets since you can only set up 1 per swipe/screen, and very few widgets are actually supported. Facial unlock is super-fast now and is my preferred way of securing and unlocking my phone now. The clock app is greatly improved with adding back the timer and stopwatch that were missing from previous builds. You can even set world times. The quick setting shade is NOT as useful as just dropping a toggle widget on the screen, but some people may prefer the option.  Android 4.2 is SMOOOOOOTHH and buttery. The stock calendar app & widget blows every other calendar app and widget out of the water.3. Cameras- The camera is not all that great. Even though it is 8mp shooter, the pics come out grainy and not much better than the Galaxy Nexus. Video looks good and the audio recording sounds solid. The front facing camera underperforms significantly- even though it is 1.3mp. One bug that is still there is if you have a Picasa account set up and a Google Plus account, it will duplicate photo folders pretty horrendously. That's more Android's fault than the camera, but it is a unique problem for Nexus phones. I'd say pictures taken on the N4 are at best 20% better the GNexus.4. Speaker- The speakerphone sounds pretty good. It still has that tinny smartphone sound with a lack of bass, but that's par for the course. It's much louder than the Galaxy Nexus. Calls sound crisp and clean.5. NFC- I'm just now getting into using NFC. Radioshack, Macy's, Old Navy, OfficeMax and many other stores can take Google Wallet's "tap and pay" service. What I think you will get more millage out of is by using NFC tags. You can get them on Amazon. Basically you can set up spots in you home/car/work where you can tap the phone and have useful profiles activate. Check out CNET or Youtube to see how you might use them. If another family member or friend has NFC, you can easily share stuff by holding the phones together. It's MUCH faster and efficient than "Bump" and bluetooth.6. The screen- The screen is absolutely gorgeous! It is bright and colorful. Very accurate images. Since it is a 720p 320ppi screen, you have to stare very closely to see any pixels. Basically, you need a microscope to see any jagged edges. Letters are extremely sharp and clear. The only issues are that if you are coming from an AMOLED phone like the Galaxy Nexus, the blacks aren't nearly as deep and you will notice it. Also, the screen gets washed out a bit when viewing from the side, rather than maintaining contrast.7. Battery life. The phone will last you a day with light use (quick use of apps/widgets and plenty of texting/Facebook, with live wallpapers ON), 9 hours with moderate use (a few calls, some extended app use, and a GPS mapping trip), and 5 hours with heavy downloading, photo taking, and gameplaying. Better than the Galaxy Nexus.8. Multicolored Notification light- Good in theory, but Android doesn't use it well and the LightFlow app is still not reaching it's potential.9. HSPA+ 42. This is a 4G phone. Don't believe the techsnobs who try to act as if this is "3G+" or some such nonsense. On T-Mobile this phone flies, and downloads at speeds 6 times faster than what you would get with a 3G phone. I get an average of 12mbps and higher in good reception spots. That's fast enough to download most apps in a couple of seconds, and to play 1080p HD video with no lag or stuttering whatsoever. Is it as fast as LTE? No, but depending on where you are, it can be just as fast, with no additional battery drain. Also, the Nexus 4 has an LTE antenna which can use T-Mobile's AWS bands when they are repurposed for LTE this year (2013). That won't help you if you are on ATT, since ATT uses a different frequency for their LTE. When T-Mobile lights up LTE in your city, Google "Configure Your Nexus 4 for LTE Access Point" and you'll have access to their LTE.The bottom line is that it's not a perfect phone, but the phone is amazing regardless, and the best phone on the market right now. The only thing I miss is the lacking expandable memory of phones like the GS3.

A very good phone, but the back glass is fagile.Very fast, the best android OS, always updated.I recomend, but take care with the back glass.

O.K. This is my first "Smart Phone".  Yes, I had a "Blackberry 8820" which could, sort of, go on the web.  It would lock up if I went anywhere except a few websites that were o.k.The difference between the Nexus 4 and the Blackberry is about like the difference between a 1962 VW bug and a 2011 Porsche Targa.  The Nexus 4 does everything with such smooth silkiness that it is a dream come true.  Everything works.  I never "downloaded" an "app" until now, but it is so easy, like falling off a log.I have created a Google list of people by uploading my Outlook contact list to the Google website, and instantly, all the contacts are available in the new Nexus 4.  Incidentally, I've had the Nexus 4 for about a week now.I've answered email, placed stock buys, sent SMS txt messages, bought stuff on Amazon, and generally had a really fun time with this phone!You will have to have some patience dealing with Google Play store.  They were the worst buying experience I ever had.  However, the phone is so good, I don't really mind.  Expect delays of a month or more to get the phone.  Go to Walmart and buy a $10 dollar phone to tide you over if you need something right away.  This phone is worth the wait.Also, regarding the business of lack of LTE, I haven't noticed anything.  If the phone gets a signal, the data rates are plenty fast for me to watch U tube videos, play Pandora, etc.  If not, then I get nothing at all.  Usually, it simply works.Also, regarding 8 Gbytes of memory vs 16 Gbytes, I bought the 16 Gbyte because every review I read strongly encouraged that.  However, I still have about 11 Gbytes free and don't anticipate getting anywhere near to using all this memory.  Perhaps I'm just used to the 8820 blackberry and haven't figured out how to consume memory in large chunks yet.  If you bought the 8 Gbyte model, be happy, it's fine.I love the phone and would recommend it to anyone, but only at the $ three hundred and fifty dollar price directly from Google.Addendum 12 29 2012:  I should have mentioned something about the cell phone provider that I use.  It is T-Mobile, their $30 a month plan for 5 Gbytes of data + 100 free minutes + unlimited texting.  This is a prepaid plan, which required some negotiation with T-Mobile because I was already with them prior to getting this plan.  If you look at the fine print, they have this plan for new customers only.  I simply explained to them that it wouldn't be a problem if they couldn't provide that plan to me as Virgin Mobile had a similar plan for $35 a month but included 300 minutes.  So long T-Mobile, but the gentlemen quickly said "wait a minute" we can provide you with you want, no need to switch.This is what an "unlocked" phone is all about:  NO MORE $60 or $80 or $100 a month plans.  Don't spend money on cell phones if you haven't bought a house yet.  Live "below your means".O.K.  enough of my soapbox,... sorry...

Good phone for a nice price. Absolutely worth buying, good battery life, no lags, excellent screen and lots of power.

I'm extremely happy with this phone. Best phone i ever had. I like that it doesn't come with useless pre loaded apps. 16 gigs is enough for my use. Would highly recommend this phone to anyone.

I have owned this device since the beginning of 2013, and will write a review based on how it is now. First off, the  Nexus 4 is excellent value (Google play!) and great for prepaid plans (I don't text that much). I just got the 4.3 Android update and it is running as smooth as when I bought it. The only noticeable delay is when it is starting up, but that is normal with most electronics. I have noticed people complaining about battery issues - as far as I'm concerned it is fine and we will see what will happen when the phone comes of age. I do not turn wi-fi on unless I am using it or at home/near a battery source. I use this phone mainly to chat with friends and browse the web. I do play some games occasionally, but I have a computer and console for that! I do understand that watching videos is battery-drainer on this device, but I mainly watch movies on my phone at home so that is not an issue. The appearance of the phone is very nice. In fact, it is so nice I still cannot find the off-screen buttons. The screen is similar to most smartphones and will need care. You wouldn't drop a few hundred dollars, try to not drop a few hundred dollars device! I have a cover and a screen protector and I do not even notice the screen protector. The screen is noticeably big for my small hands but I have come to love the screen and now I can't go any smaller! For people wondering about the sound, the speakers are pretty average and they are hard to hear when the phone is put down screen up. But yes, it can be a bulky mp3 player. What's almost unique to this phone is the onscreen navigation buttons, which promise more screen real estate. I have figured that you cannot get rid of them without rooting for the most part, but most of the time it is not an interference.Overall, if you are looking for a smartphone and can't afford those 600 dollar plus smartphones, the Nexus 4 might be the perfect choice for you. It can achieve many of the features high end smartphones can at an ideal price. I didn't regret it!

The lack of G4 or whatever it is is not a concern as this is not available.Otherwise , a great phone for the price

The phone is functionally excellent. It breaks easier than ice. I'm really giving a 3.5 Star review.You absolutely need a case for this phone. The glass is very fragile, and the digitizer breaks very easily. It's good for the price, but let's be smart here google/ LG... Don't make a glass phone.... That's what I hate about iphones, and now what I hate about the nexus. Parts are also expensive to repair, but easy to do with an online video.Samsung phones hold up a lot better, and are good for people who are slightly clumsy.

Amazon has to adjust the price for this item.Google Play has the Nexus 4 8GB @ $199 and 16GB @$249.I just ordered from Google Play. Google has reduced the price by $100 as the next Nexus model is going to be released soon.

trust me, you'll want to get this phone while you still can. the nexus 5 comes out soon, (ive already purchased the case for it, even though the phone isnt out yet...) and once its out, this baby is gone for good.  stock up while you can.

Got it as a gift and it was perfect! It was easy to load as well because after logging in with my gmail account, all my info automatically transferred from my old phone!

So I read all the reviews and decided to order the 16 GB Nexus 4 from the Play Store site, even though it said 5-6 weeks wait.Sure enough, it shipped the next day, had it in 2 days.  And I am very very happy.I use it with the Walmart $45 a month Straight Talk plan (from Tracfone).  A $15 mini SIM card put me on the AT&T; network - no contract.The lightness and shape of the phone, the speed of the processor, the size and clarity of the screen, the improvements that come with Android 4.2, including strong voice recognition - all strong pluses.  There is no LTE, but web searches, etc. seem to happen pretty quickly with this phone.  An oddity - there are no instructions for use of the camera in the manual or anywhere online.  But the camera takes great pics.  Oh and the battery seems like it lasts for a while - although it is not user replaceable.This is a great phone - a no contract, lower cost equivalent to the iPhone 5 and the Galaxy S3.

Nice looking and functional phone.  Love having an unlocked phone and the options that comes with it.  Already received the OS update.  The one dislike I have is the placement of the volume rocker.  I often push it one way or the other because of the position. Other wise it's a nice device with more than enough features for most.. if not all.

The phone surpassed all my expectations. It is lightning fast, the screen is gorgeous, and the build quality has a premium sensation, different from the others from Samsung or HTC.

...but there are only 5. I'm only buying Nexus products from now on.  I know Google has to run it's contracts through all of the partners with the Open Handset Alliance, but when they do build a pure Google phone, get a Nexus.  I had the G1 and the Nexus One.  Didn't get the middle 2 (not a Samsung fan), but this phone does everything right. Get it unlocked and you're good.

The real potential of android and you can exploit all the features of the system,  a piece of hardware and software well balanced, the only cons is high price , in relation with google play

Nexus 4 it's the best phone I love it it's perfect i love so much ! perfect perfect perfect !

Listen, I applaud you for coming to Amazon and trying to get a Nexus 4 before everyone else. However you are paying an unnecessary mark up here people! The phones are listed as having a 3-4 week back order but I can tell you they really aren't that far backed up. Don't pay any extra here, this guy is probably going to ship you a phone that won't have any warranty or return policy (look at the other comments/reviews). Go get this amazing phone over at Google's Play site now!

The back glass is broken around the speaker, after I use it less than one month. It is never dropped, or knocked. I just put it in the back bag... When I took it out, it is broken.The customer service is also terrible. I would never buy LG product.

A superb phone at an affordable price , great specs and good performance .... and that too from google makes it special

This is the best phone money can buy. (Until nexus5 goes live). Few people seems to understand how is it so cheap, so they rather go for a most expensive option, thinking they might get better quality. For me, pure android experience is far better. And quality is top-notch. Once you go nexus, you can never go back. Only downside: battery life.

This wonderful product is available from Google for $ 349, after a long wait.  All those sellers offering this at astronomical price better cut it down fast.

It is a four-and-a-half star product. My only quibble till now is with the picture quality: a 100% zoom will clearly show lots of noise, and the color saturation is a bit off. For the rest of it, it is a great product - just read all the glowing reviews all over the net. My concern, however, is that sellers on Amazon are jacking up the list price fictitiously and then purporting to sell these phones to you at the "discounted" prices of $550-#600, when you can buy the same phone directly from Google for $349 (for the more expensive 16GB model).

Very good! So nice phone;Before it, I wanted buy iphone. But iPhone so expensive and I already have ipad, so...

Nexus 4 looks, feels and works perfectly. Won't be able to make full and worthy review here and now, so I won't. You can check the rich resources out there on the internet.Let's not forget about the seller. I received this great smart phone and very quick safe delivery for very reasonable price. I'd love to shop from this seller again.

It's just wonderful, all that Nexus line with pure android has to offer. The best phone I've ever had, fast, beautiful and usual. Just one little regret about they battery, but this is a common problem on smartphones.

I finally got nexus 4 on my hand!My previous cell phones were galaxy S, Iphone 3gs, and I have a Ipod 5g. So I have used a smart phone for a long time.But! nexus 4 is hard for me to adjust. It is slightly different in UI and some settings from the other android phones.Except that point, which I am going to be accustomed to , overall performance and feature of the phone is great!And delivery was so fast. I can get the package just in two days, even though I selected a standard shipping option.

this its the best phone never maked. its over the others. I recommend it with eyes closed. is excellent and economic

this is a top of the art phone. Simply awesome. I had to cut my sim card in order to use it locally

I bought this Nexus 4 as a birthday present for my wife. It was in perfect condition and my wife simply loves it. I highly recommend the phone as well as the seller. Thank you.

My Nexus works great.  I love getting the latest Android updates as soon as they are released without waiting for manufacturer/carrier branding.

Forget the iPhone's dated OS and small screen. Forget Galaxy's bloatware and clunky design. The Nexus is the best combination of design and power and let's not forget the price.

Loved the Nexus 4 I've got!! Increadible device, very fast, easy to use!! Enjoying it more every day!!! I recommend it for sure!!

My phone behaved like I was tapping or touching the top of the screen all the time. No screen protector in use, removed the case, reboot the phone, updated Android and all the apps, reset to factory settings, cleaned the screen, and the problem kept returning. Sometimes the phone would work (so I could apply the updates), but the top of the screen seemed disabled (I could not pull down the notification list, for example). If I opened an application (chrome, for example) and rotated the phone, I would regain control over the notification list, but the side of the screen which was originally up remained disabled.I failed to find similar complaints in forums and reviews, so I think this issue was specific to my unit.The two star rating is because I think I would like the phone if it actually worked.I returned the phone.

This phone is way over hyped. Sending mine back. Out of the box yesterday the 4G will not work. The LG build is subpar compared to a Samsung. The only reason I wanted the Nexus 4 was for the quad core chip set, and the minimalist Android-only UI. Wow, what a disappointment. Sorry LG. Samsung Galaxy S III here I come!

I did a head to head comparison between the HTC one and the Nexus 4 you can take a look and see how these two top phones compete against each other.[...]

Want it for a gift, it reached fast and safe as i wished. handeling was very good too. thanks for that

Awesome phone.

The phone is wonderful! is very light excellent screen sharpness is great quality pictures and videos is the best! I am really very satisfied with the product purchased! Works perfectly with 3g Movistar Venezuela. Recommended 100000%

I really like this phone. It have interesting features and i can do a lot of stuff using this phone, It's the best investment that i've done.

This cellphone is amazing, the camera was not so good , but the screen is perfect , have a good size and wonderfull quality , i recommend.

If you dont need micro sd or LTE then this is the best android phone to date. I actually dont need LTE so im keeping this over the nexus 5

Meets almost all expectations.Just that the signal reception is a little on the poorer side.Heats up upon heavy Wifi/3G usage.Performance seems to be pretty good otherwise.

Best phone on the market as of now. Heard DNA is better, but this phone is the best all around device with the perfect price. Gorgeous screen. I am a bit disappointed that it doesn't come in a 32gb version though. Also, must buy a case, it is a bit fragile. Battery life is mediocre, though.

It took me a bit to actually get the phone, but once I finally did it was perfect. Great interface and snappy touchscreen, large memory that I have yet to fill up and have had this for quite some time now. Excellent build and very thin.

I love this device. It is faster in its category. And is the best when you get the major internet velocity that ISP offer. This apply in the case like my country where the ISP company offer less velocity than the countries of the first world.I recommend this device 100%

This phone will one day turn into a brick. It has a known hardware defect and you will need to pay the shipping to LG for repair. The phone worked fine exactly 2 months and one day the screen went black and that was it. I cannot return it and I have to wait for LG to fix it. Meanwhile I bought a Nexus 5.

This is the second time I have a Nexus phone from Google and I can tell you there is nothing like a &#34;pure&#34; Android without the all the customizations like TouchWiz, and other customizations that the other makers normally do, like replacing android stock apps such as desk clock, music player, market and car dock by their own crappy versions.The interface is smooth, and battery life is good .... 1.5 days normally, which lasts 50% more than my previous Samsung Note and my wife's S3.

You can buy it from google at $299, why would you pay more for the same phone here?That's ridiculous!

If you've never heard about the nexus line you have been missing out. These phones are fast and affordable. You don't have to break the bank to have the latest and greatest in tech. Check out all the nexus products for affordable phones/tablets that will make your inner nerd drool.

I am an LG fan so when I got an android phone I was super happy. Really great product that make me feel that I am connected.

Im giving my wonderful new phone only 3 stars because it has a very finnicky charger...I finally found one that works but it took some time.  Other than that I love it, great camera! Ohh also, it doesnt hold a charge very long.

Took long to arrive but worth it!

This phone is speedy!! It is great at multitasking and everything! The only problem is its battery life, but I guess that can never be as long as we want it to, can it? I enjoy the nice reflection on the back, but if it was made of something more gravity resistant, that would be nice. Overall, it is awesome!

Out of all the smartphones I've used this one has the largest screen ever and it is very impressive. I bought mine through google play for 380.  Now I have to discuss some pros and cons about this device.Pros --1) Powerful machinery. 2GB RAM is the highest maximum in the cell phone industry as of now. You will not find any android device with more RAM.2) Powerful processor,  1.5 Ghz snapdragon is possibly one of the most powerful processors in the cell phone industry, with only 2 to 3 phones having more than this.3) Rooting not required. Due to such powerful machinery, the speed is incredibly fast. Hence rooting isn't required. The main purpose of rooting the device is to save RAM and CPU usage and to make the device faster. But since it already has such maximum capacity features, rooting isn't necessary here.4) Excellent call quality5) Huge screen. No problem seeing any website. The visual display is large and very generous. Iphone dipslay seems tight compared to this. For videos or website viewing, its simply awesome.Cons ---1) Due to its powerful machinery, the battery life isn't that good. Takes very long to charge to 100 percent. Can take hours in fact. Battery may diminish fast.  However that is not a problem for me because wherever I am I can either charge it through USB, wall outlet or car charger. If charging isn't available then I don't think the device can last longer than 3 hours.2) Holding it in one hand maybe a challenge at times due to its big screen size. May feel bulky too for 1 hand. At worst case, may give hand pain if holding with one hand continuously for long periods. You have to use both hands or give your hands some rest.3) 16 GB internal storage though ample, is not the industry max.  However industry max is 64 GB internal storage. With the RAM and processor being industry max, if the internal storage was 64 GB too then this phone would defeat any smartphone hands down.4) Comes with pre-loaded malware. After installing Kaspersky antivirus, it detected 3 backdoor viruses in it.  These 3 pieces of malware work as spyware.  So if you don't have antivirus, you must install it.  I believe they are intentionally inserted by google to spy upon.5) May appear to get quite warm at times. Won't stay cool always

Bought this from the google play store. A great price for an unlocked phone with the latest OS updates. Phone is fast, screen is great and all day battery life with plenty left over (posted screen shots). I have had no battery issues although i have location services turned off just like my iphone.I also put a carbon fiber skin on the phone and don't use a case and have no issues with worrying about the phone being slippery or scratching the back glass. (See photos)

Amazingly fast, 2gb of ram makes a huge difference. Also I love the pure android experience. Just a tip, the camera performance isn't good on low light conditions but for me is not a big deal.

Outstanding product, I am very impressed with this product.... changed from Samsung to LG sacred me in the begining, but it is a very nice mobile device.

I am using the Nexus 4 for less than 1 month. and i already have problems.I cannot hear anythin unless i use headphones or speaker.when i looked for a solution i discovered a lot of pepole have the same  problem and google has no solution.

Be sure to use a case because the glass back will slide off everything and break!  Not a good design.  And after Kit-Kat came out, the phone's dialer didn't work; the screen went black with every call, and I couldn't even hang up!

This is my first Nexus device and I have been enjoying everyday that I have been using this phone.Well worth the money and pretty future-proof.

Love this phone. Very clear display and exactly what i ordered. However sometimes it gets really hot and the battery life isnt that great but overall im very happy with this purchase

Very beautiful, a device with great build quality, great screen resolution and good camera.Fits well in the hand and is very light.

Comparing to my old Nexus (Samsung Galaxy Nexus i9250):LG Nexus 4 - Pros:-Screen, processor and battery are awesome!Cons:-Camera and vibration are horrible! The camera has problem when using flash! You have to take like 3 or more pics to get one! The vibration is more noisy than real vibration!

I was looking and reading reviews about some cellphones that cost a little more...Procesor and Memory RAM: CPU Qualcomm Snapdragon S4 Pro y 2 gb de ram: has more ram that cellphones more expensive, and compared with others, this procesor is very fast, the best for the money.Battery: 2100 mAH: very good it last like a day, but im going to be traveling so i bought an usb charguer...OS: this cellphone has the google support, so if there comes an update... you will have it immediately.The only thing i dont like is that it hasnt micro sd slot... please google make it 32 gb internal memory if you are not going to put micro sd slot...Really i was thinking and comparing nexus with other lg cellphone that cost 300$, but i gave the chance to nexus 4... i am just waiting to turn on my cellphone!!Update 23/06/2013 *************************reading a little about nexus 4, i found nexus 4 doesnt have OTG... you cant conect a pendrive with an usb adapter to your cellphone... no google, no micro sd, no OTG??? oh my god, i will change my cellphone to samsung galaxy s3 if you dont fix this issue...i was thinking mmm 16 gb? no microsd, ok i will carry a pendrive, but no OTG...

I received the item as described, received item on time in mint condition. Upon opening the box, I saw the most beautiful sexy phone ever!! I love my new Nexus 4, its fast and it goes (open) through apps effortlessly!!! I was able to open at least 15 apps and there was no lag what so ever!! I recommend buying from this seller and I especially recommend investing in a Nexus 4!!! This is truly a good investment!

I've had a Galaxy Nexus, and, even though it receives the updates, buying the Nexus 4 was totally worth it.Finally Android has reached a stage where the navigation is fluid, smooth, and you experience almost no bugs at all time.4.2.2 Jelly Bean, and now 4.3, are the best OS' Google has ever made. The top hardware of this phone makes everything faster. And, as Key Lime Pie is expected to be developed to run on even low/mid-end devices, you don't have to worry about the future version.I totally recommend it. Pure Android is the best experience you can have with Google's OS, as it is the system exactly as Google developed it to be.

Received this the other day... It's my wife's phone.Price is finally comparable to GPS.Pros:1.  Super bright display... Even outdoors.  That's important for using the camera... I had an older HTC that was too dim.  Could barely see the camera soft button.2.  Price.  For an unlocked new phone, price is hard to beat3.  Fast.  Very responsive.  Loads of RAM that will allow this phone to handle fat apps for the next several yearsCon's:1.  Only one con... The usable display is not 4.7 inches because of the soft nav buttons.  But when watching Netflix, the nav buttons disappear and the result is a 4.7 inch screen.  But for web during, etc, the screen feels more like a 4.3 inch that my retired HTC Inspire 4G had.  One star off for that.Other than that, it ia s very nice phone.-T

Great condition, brand new like it said. The device works fine and came with all the accessories. I love it.

Excellent, best of all time android phone has many functions, pure android, are constantly updated, is very thin and beautiful.

cons - It doesnt come with earphones, a little bit heavy.pros - robust, fast.It worth it for the price.

Skype crashes and shutsdown randomly. Or else its a good buy for the price. I hope google will these issues.

After 3 months of use I haven't been able to identify any drawback in this device or it's OS. It is super fast, the WiFi connection is always stable. During my experience with Nexus 4 I haven't seen any glitches or slowness or application crashes. I love it's design very much, the glass surfaces are really scratch free and I haven't even bothered buying any protective cases. The battery is fine, if you use it wisely it will be just enough for 2 days of normal phone mode usage. I love the fact that any Android updates are right there available for you as soon as released. My own opinion - Nexus 4 is absolutely the best Android device I've ever used.

I bought this cell phone more than a year ago and I have to say that it still works perfectly. No complaints.

Even with the 5 out, the Nexus 4 still packs a heavy punch in terms of hardware & software. I haven't found anything to complain about, besides occasional overheating when playing GPU-intensive games. Apps that use the camera/microphone are prone to crashing the phone, but hopefully that's a software issue.The folks at Google screwed up the notification/settings area. It takes waay too many taps to go into settings and change wifi or screen brightness. Can't believe I'm saying it, but Samsung's TouchWiz power launcher was way better in that respect. I also don't get the point of limiting the home screen (among other things) to portrait orientation. I guess Google wants us to keep the device "upright", but I think the phone should adjust to the position of the user - not vice versa.Otherwise it's a great phone, and still has good value for your money. If you don't need LTE, by all means get it!

I have used the Samsung siii and iphone. This phone is smooth and clean. It's wicked fast and has no obvious weaknesses. Most importantly, it can be used in any country.

*** UPDATE ***********************************************************************************************************Bought mine from google play and just to drive the point, this phone is much cheaper when bought via google directly. There maybe some wait (a couple of weeks) while buying via google play, but the wait saves you a hundred dollars or more. Its your pick!**Update September/2013 ***The pricing difference between amazon and google play isn't as significant as it was when the phone was launched in late 2012.Still enjoying the phone, the battery still runs good, the screen hasn't had any scratches and it still feels almost like a new phone. Guess I ll be skipping the upgrade this November and maybe buy a Nexus 10 instead :-)**********************************************************************************************************Ever since the concept of smartphones came out, there has been a talk of this so called 'convergence'; Wherein you own one device which can practically do everything under the sun. With the Nexus-4, I think the so called convergence is here, well almost. The only thing that is still lacking is the camera, since I don't see it replacing my DSLR (or even a really good point & shoot). Of course, this shouldn't be taken as a negative point for the phone since I don't think there isn't any other phone which could do the same (The IOS religious fanatics would disagree, but I don't think the Iphone camera comes close to DSLR quality either). Apart from that, the phone does perform rather well in all the other departments. Jellybean is the best Android flavor so far, the UI is great, the experience is smooth and apps in the google play store are abundant. Battery life is decent, engine horse power is phenomenal (Thanks to Qcom) and the Network data speeds are great. A brief summary of points follows:a) LTE or Not! : The phone doesn't support LTE, but supports HSPA+ which some (T-mobile) still tout as 4G. If you are on T-mobile, getting the phone is a no brainer, since you will get the best speeds that their network can provide. AT&T; is a different story, AT&T; supports both HSPA+ and 4g LTE. It has been stated by multiple reviewers that AT&T;'s LTE is much faster than their HSPA+ network (this makes logical sense since for AT&T; LTE is the latest buzzword and they probably want to promote it over HSPA+). The other fact is that AT&T;'s HSPA+ is slower than T-mobile's HSPA+ network and it is suggested that T-mobile's HSPA+ may be comparable to AT&T;'s LTE. To keep it short, this phone will give you the best experience on T-mobile although you should be able to get decent speeds on AT&T; as well. (The phone won't work on Verizon or other CDMA networks).b) Cost of the phone: I purchased mine from google where it retails for a standard price of $350 (plus taxes and shipping). Some people may compare this price to the contract price of an iphone (or other android smart phones), but that's not a fair comparison. Most contracts factor in the cost of the phone in the plan and by rough estimates an average customer pays around 20$/month for getting the phone subsidized. Multiply this by 24 for a 2 year contract and you are paying 480$ over a 2 year cycle and that's over & above the initial downpayment of 200$. That's a total price of 680$!! T-mobile for sure gives you a discount if you opt out of the phone and other carriers may have similar plans. The other thing which adds to  your monthly payments is the tax on wireless plans. In the great state of Texas the monthly tax for cell phone plans comes to 17%. So if you have a monthly plan which is higher in cost, you also end up paying higher tax on it. (Compare this with 8% sales tax that you pay when you buy the device up front. Even if you assume that the total cost of the device to the customer is the same, whether purchased via contract or by full downpayment, the contract options leads to a higher tax on the buyer. Ofcourse, the contract plans never really disclose the full picture so you never get to do the maths).c) Connecting to a TV: The Nexus 4 doesn't have a mini HDMI, what it does have is a micro usb which supports slimport. You can buy a slimport HDMI adapter for under 30$ and connect your Nexus 4 to your TV (In contrast to the Nexus 7 tablet which purportedly doesn't support slimport). The other emerging standard is 'Miracast' which would enable one to wirelessly stream the display to a Miracast enabled TV. (Don't worry if you have an older generation TV, the market will be soon be seeing a flood of Miracast adapters which can convert an old TV into Miracast compliant using the HDMI port).Once the connection to TV is sorted out, I think the phone can work as a good replacement to a gaming console or a streaming device. You can play high quality games (and the games on google play are much cheaper than their console brethren)or watch movies/tv on Netflix.The only drawback, there won't be Amazon prime instant videos on this. You can watch Amazon instant videos using the browser of the phone, but Amazon doesn't allow instant videos to be displayed in HD on Android devices. (It does allow that on IOS or custom devices which support the amazon app or on the kindle fire). I guess that's just Amazon's marketing strategy.d) Camera: The camera is decent, comes with an led flash, but isn't something that would blow my mind away.Overall, it's a very good phone at an amazing price point. No wonder it's sold out on google and selling at a premium on Amazon. I will continue updating the review as I spend more time with the phone. Do check back later and if you find the review helpful, please vote on the helpful review button. (It gives me the much needed encouragement to take time off from my busy work schedule and write lengthy reviews)***Update***I have had this phone for a few days now and I'm quite satisfied. There are a couple of points to note though, the phone does have a tendency to slip out of one's hands (it maybe the larger size and slippery surfaces), so a protective case is necessary. I use theSF Matte Black - Rearth Ringke SLIM for LG Google Nexus 4 Soft Feeling Premium Hard Case - ECO Package [Revised Version] case. It's a hard back case with a soft feel and covers the back and the sides. It's slim enough to be unnoticeable, however unlike the google certified nexus 4 bumper, this one does cover the beautiful back of the phone. It's also slightly loose around the volume button, but at half the cost of the google nexus 4 bumper and available without delay, its not a bad deal.Camera Quality: People have commented on comparing the camera quality of this vis-a-vis the iphone-5. I haven't had time to do tests myself, but on doing some research online, it is suggested that the Iphone5 camera is perhaps slightly better than the one on this. This is particularly more for color tint and saturation than for the actual sharpness of the image. I believe this is nothing that cannot be fixed by future software updates.***Update-2 : Feb/2013 **The camera app is noticeably buggy. In some cases I have seen that the blue camera button refuses to work till you exit the camera app and restart it again. I've also had the flash freeze while it's on. Issues are not that frequent and easily resolvable, but this now appears to be a genuine bug on Android Jelly Bean. I hope google has a fix soon, it can be a source of potential embarrassment when it hits as you are trying to show it off to the iphone cult!Some other points which I've noticed which are plus points for the Nexus 4:a) Wireless charging support; No official charger is out there yet, but some models which support the nexus 4 exist. It's much more convenient to just place the phone on a charging mat/surface rather than plugging it in.b) NFC tags: The phone supports NFC. There isn't much commercial use of it till now (NFC payments hasn't really kicked in), but there are some nice things you can do with NFC tags. For around 15$ you can buy a set of 15 tags which can then be customized such that the Nexus performs a specific action when it's near them. (For instance you can program and stick a tag in your car, such that when you enter the car, the bluetooth and gps is automatically turned on and the wifi is turned off. Helps in extending battery life by switching the appropriate antennas at the right time). More on these later, when I actually get to try them out.**** Update-3: 20/Feb/2013 **With the latest upgrade of JellyBean, the camera bug seems to be resolved. I haven't seen it in a while now.

My family and I have been iPhone users since 2007.  All 5 of us just recently switched to a Nexus.  They are excellent and none of us can believe that we stayed with Apple for so long.  When I hold an iPhone now it seems like a silly toy.Advantages - Fast, intuitive, easy to use, customization ease, no more dreaded iTunes, beautiful screen, Google's synchronization, I could write for an hour.  Perfect.  One more thing - the size.  The size is just right.  It is larger than the iPhone, but smaller than the massive silly looking Galaxy.  The movies, surfing, app use, and a navigation are all MUCH better than iPhone.  The larger Samsung Galaxy just looks and feels too big and silly in one's hand.  It looks like a brick or a tablet.  Nexus is the perfect phone size.  They got it right.Disadvantages - few.  You will need a case right away because it does have a glass back.  The speakers are not great (but they get the job done) and most people use headphones.  Nothing else for us.Buy and show your fiends and family.  You will do them a favor.

This is the best phone in the market. Newer android phones like HTC One and Samsung Galaxy S IV have been announced but I don't like feel like I am loosing anything. Besides that, you cannot beat direct update from Google. It takes Samsung and HTC atleast a year to send updates.

I'll admit, I'm an Apple fanboy and have always had iPhone as my main phone with a few androids along the way. The phone is good and works but I just can't handle how it's such a hassle owning a Mac and having to use this phone. The Apple ecosystem is much better for me personally.However, if you are wanting a great, modern phone and aren't worried about app 'eye candy' and ease of use in a phone, then this is a good phone. It has been serving me well but I will be bing the new iPhone when it comes out in September as I just can't adapt to android.

I have chosen this phone because I love it! I'll recomend it to everybody! Thank you LG and Google for making this mobile phone!

I've held off buying a smart phone for several reasons, not the least of which is cost.  The amount that service providers charge monthly for contracts is enough to choke a horse.  But now, here comes an unlocked phone that you can buy for a lot less than anything comparable, that can use either Straight Talk or T-Mobile's pre-paid services (45 and 30 dollars per month respectively) among others.  So, what about the phone?  It feels good in my hand, even with thei-Blason SoftGel Flexible TPU Case for Google Nexus 4 Smart Phone by EG E960 8GB 16GB (Frost Black)I bought for it. I'm slightly hard of hearing, so a really good speakerphone is important to me.  The Nexus 4's is very good.  As is the regular call quality.  And my old Jabra headset paired up just fine for those calls into customer service centers or other places where you sometimes have to strain to hear.In reading reviews, I constantly came up with two complaints.  No USB storage and no 4G.  Well, a lot of the software sits in Google's cloud.  As does a copy of my music collection that I can download to the phone if I want to listen offline.  Further (and I don't know how long it'll last), I got a free 50 Gig of storage on Box.com.  What's more, for about 4 bucks I can get aZuweiyu USB 2.0 A Female to Micro B Male Adapter Cable Micro USB Host Mode OTG Cablethat allows me (with a Google app) to use a thumb drive or a portable hard drive.  As for the speed, I'm using Straight Talk and the response speed while using the phone is comparable to using the same apps over wifi.  How fast it'll download a file, I can't say, 'cause I've only download when I'm attached to a wifi network.  But that might be a problem for anyone without access to a secure wifi environment.The best parts for me are the start-up speed (about .5 seconds) and the screen.  The screen is simply gorgeous.  I'd considered a Sammy SIII, but with all those reviews reporting a darkish screen... anyway, the Nexus 4 has a truly outstanding display.  I can read very well using a Kindle app, and Netflix is crystal clear.The phone uses a micro-sim card (GSM) that you need to get separately from the prepaid carrier of your choice.  It took Straight Talk about five days to get me the sim card.  The Nexus itself showed up the day after I got the Google Play Store e-mail announcing it had been shipped.I want to stress that part of the reason I give the phone a 5 star rating is because I will *not be a heavy user of data or calls or texts. My needs are more moderate. Therefore, my emphasis is on picture quality, screen sharpness, easy to hear volume levels and quality construction.  I find the Nexus 4 more than meets my needs and I find the phone itself attractive.  Did I mention it's also comparatively inexpensive to buy and use?Update:  I've also purchased this littleAnker SlimTalk 3200mAh Backup External Battery Pack Charger with Embedded Micro-USB and Flashlight for iPhone 5 4S 4 3GS, iPod (OEM CABLE REQUIRED for Apple); Android Phones: Samsung Galaxy S3, Galaxy S2, Galaxy Nexus, Galaxy Note / HTC One X One S Sen...].  I charged my Sammy dumb phone from about half full and the Nexus 4 from about half full, and there was still enough charge in the Anker external battery to recharge the Nexus once more from empty.1/19/2013: Edited to add that the on the go USB option is NOT currently available.  But the problem is solved with the Flixter app, Ultraviolet and Vudu.  I signed up for disk to digital, took 10 movies to Walmart, and had them registered for 20 bucks which got me another ten titles I didn't get to choose.  Let me tell you that the movies in SD on the Nexus 4 are simply stunning.  I also purchased a pair ofMotorola S305 Bluetooth Stereo Headset w/ Microphone (Black) - Retail Packagingwhich entirely compliment the incredible picture on the screen.I'm also finding that from grocery shopping to being aware of weather alerts through various apps available at Google Play, I'm using the Nexus way more than I anticipated.  For instance, I stream tons of music while driving.  So, now I can tell you that the battery lasts all day - even when using a golf GPS app (golf takes about 4 hours to play 18 holes).  I'm still glad I bought the back-up battery, but I've only needed it once.  That despite using the phone up to seven hours a day.  I do charge it every night, but on light use I could get away with skipping a night.With all the cloud storage available from Audible, Google Music, books, movies, magazines, Amazon music, movies, Kindle and the Flixter/Ultraviolet/Vudu combination, about the only things stored permanently on the phone are about 100 songs, 70 apps, an Audible book, a Kindle book or 60 and maybe 50 photos and three videos (the camera in combination with the Snapseed app is spectacular!), 1 of which is a full-length Hollywood title.  That, believe it or not, still leaves me almost two thirds of the on-phone storage available!If I were going to buy another phone right now, I wouldn't bother considering anything but A Google Nexus 4 which has enhanced my life way beyond any expectations I had going in.Oh yeah.  The 4G thing?  Don't worry about it.  I simply cannot tell the difference in the performance of the phone whether I'm using Wifi or my data plan.  It is as fast as my two year old Acer Aspire running Win 7 and 4 Gig of Ram.  It has never so much as stuttered under any conditions.

I carried a Nexus 1 every day for years with no appreciable damage.  To this day, it has no scratches or cracks.I recently upgraded to a Nexus 4. In two weeks, with no drops, and with very careful handling, the back of the case has developed a large crack, and the screen has picked up a scratch.  I find this fragility extremely disappointing.  If it cracks from being carried in a front pocket, by itself, I don't imagine it can survive for long with normal handling.  Battery life is also marginal, I feel like I can't actually use the phone for much of anything if I'm to get through a normal day on one charge.Otherwise, the phone's pretty nice.  It has a great screen and a decent user interface, and I like using it.  If you decide to get one, be prepared to charge it often and handle it exceedingly carefully. Good luck.

There are many features I appreciate about the Nexus 4. I got mine a year ago from Google Play. One huge negative is the non-replaceable battery, particularly in light of the extremely poor battery life I experience. With little use during the work day, my Nexus 4 is often down below 20% by the end of the day. There aren't any excess processes running in the background. I have looketad at the Qi chargers to keep on my office desk, but should I really have to resort to that? The concept of the quad-core processor is great, but I'm not seeing the performance I expect. (I'm an ex-IBM geek) In future design, I would like to see a user accessible battery as well as an SD slot. 16GB fills fast with music and recorded books. The gorilla glass is very sturdy; there's not a scratch even without a screen saver.

I've been using mine for 3 months now and it is brilliant! The phone is sleek, smooth and surprisingly light. After using other relatively low end android phones, the switch is like moving to a Nissan GTR after driving a Micra.I like the swype style input mode but it still has a long way to go being as intuitive. The screen is good and even when it's off seems to have a certain black shine to it. No issues running multiple apps though it does tend to heat a lot sometimes. Overall sturdy build but I was forewarned about the back panel being fragile. Please invest in a good case as there have been reports of cracks being extended onto the screen owing to the moulded screen design that wraps around.Just updated to 4.3, feels good getting updates directly instead of relying on the firmware updates by other manufacturers. Screen size is ample, though a tiny bit smaller would've helped. I have big hands but I find that sometimes while selecting a corner on the right using one hand, my hand tends to select the option on the left side.Battery life is decent and you can get through a full day with both wifi and mobile network on. Games work flawlessly and the hold and playing feels good due to the phone's aesthetics. Videos play well but the default player might not be able to handle all HD videos well or play formats like MKV. MX player is a good alternative. Organizer - Google Now is very intuitive and will pick up on your searches/routes traveled/ places you like to eat and a whole lot of other stuff to make life easy.The home screen switching with customizable widgets let you get all your updates without having to unlock the phone. Be warned though using a pin/passcode screen lock will limit this functionality sometimes(especially using Exchange configuring office email).Sound quality is good but volume level has scope for improvement. If you're not buying the earphones from google(no they are not part of standard package), please test out any earphones before you buy.Camera quality is good but ones taken in low light might not always be good. The 360 view takes a bit getting used to(and makes you look like an idiot sometimes :P when you are trying to align the other frames to the original reference one). Don't expect it to replace your digital camera but decent enough for family pics and nights out.Overall, this is the best phone you can get in this price range. Highly recommended.

Got from Google play store 5 days ago, as compared to any iPhone, this device uses most cheaper and low grade materials.1.  The wall charger is making whistle buzz sound while plugin,  even continues 10 seconds after unplug.  Thought it's my bad luck. Go online search, a lot of people also complain the same problem.  Never see this happens to any other smart phones. Shame on Nexus 4.  This makes me worried if this device would last for 6 months.2. Poor Google customer service. When calling to ask for replacing only the wall charger, they would not decide right away, it takes a couple of days for them to offer returning the whole device for exchange, plus the device won't be available immediately. What a waste of time!3. Speaker in the back makes it impossible to hear sound while watching video if laying flat on the table.4. Ear phone is not included with the box. iPhone has it.  It's evident that Google is cutting corners.5. Device overheat easily when performing light tasks. It could be the design flaws of quadcore CPU.6. Battery life looks good on paper but lasts only 55% .7. Still buggy Andoid Jelly Bean OS.  When changing configurations or sim card, you have to power off first.  Crash is your daily meal...I buy a lot smart phones for myself and friends. Windows phone is the worst, this phone is second to the worst.  iPhone has best user satisfaction even though I try very hard to find iPhone alternative. However, iPhone is still ruling...Update 2/17/2013:A lot of online expert reviewers probably get paid by Google Inc and they don't tell the truth.  Here is another fact, if you buy it from Google Play Store,  in case if there're some defects, you return the product, it will take them 14 days or more to refund the money after receiving the phone, if  for exchange, you may get refurbished unit and have to wait several weeks without phone.

I can't say that I've owned a lot of cell phones, but everything is just so smooth on this phone.

This phone without doubt is the best phone I have ever owned.Stock android is the only way to go, tons of features quick updates to new firmware versions & beautiful user interface.The phone itself is of a very high build quality and is quite sturdy despite the glass front and back, I have dropped the phone a number of times from 3ft or less onto a tiled surface and no dents of scratches anywhere. The only issues in my opinion are the lack of expandable storage capacity and the non-removable battery.Overall extremely happy with the phone, no regrets.

I just bought the Nexus 4 not too long ago, when it dropped it price. It was a very compelling to purchase. Figured, made in Korea, very good hardware for the money, stock android, which I like. The most desirable feature is Nexus is the first in line to get new android version, albeit sometimes buggy. Starting with the Nexus 5 however, everything changed. No longer the older Nexuses going to get new features. I just flashed the stock factory image and see how nothing really changes from the outside. All the new features on 4.4 remains exclusive for the Nexus 5 for now (very Apple-like now, as whenever Apple release a new iphone, all new features are on the new iphone, and older iphones receive the update but wont' get every features). This case, I don't think hardware is a problem as the Nexus 5 is very much nothing evolutionary to the Nexus 4. So what does this mean? Nexus line is no longer the best in android. Price is good, but there are always compromises to be made, such as no expansion in storage, camera is underwhelming relatively to the competitions. This is very sad as in the past, Nexus suppose to the first one to get everything push out by Google. Now there is that 18-months window too. This made Nexus line on par with other brand, even though other companies are so slow to push out updates. So, Nexus line is no longer the products as they were the past several years. From the looks of it, Google won't change how thing operate now, which is very disappointing, consider how thing were in the past several years. So now, beside the no expansion storage, Nexus line now has more compromises to be made. The biggest is you will receive updates but not every new features, and now, there is a window for when the updates will stop coming. I know, you can find ROM and whatnots from online but it's the changed in fundamental with the Nexus line that is disappointing. So go buy the Nexus 5 and avoid the Nexus 4, but similar to iphone now, buying the Nexus 5 knowing that coming next year, your phone will missing out new features and want to buy new phones because of that.

It took a while to receive the phone since I am abroad of the States but so far It is just worth all the anxiety... The phone came properly sealed in a box, brand new and flawless no complaints whatsoever.With regards to the phone itself I must say that it looks gorgeous very sleek design high quality nothing cheap, the screen looks amazing very natural color unlike the amole screens that look saturated. The screen is also very sharp and the phone behaves very well. It is fast, intuitive and fluid.The sound is great very clean and I have not tested the c&aacute;mara very well yet but so far so good.I haven't had the phone long enough to say my last word about it, but this is my third android, first nexus and so far it's the best overall. I'll come back with a review later to say my last word about this babyUpdate 05/09/2013 downgrade.The phone has WiFi issues it appears to me that it's software related but I'm downgrading my inicial rating to 3 stars only because this is unacceptable... The download speed while watching stream video suddenly drops so much that you just can't go on anymore, though I must say that you can do light web browsing without problems but I'm concerned about software updates because they imply lots of data...I searched for this issue on the web and there's a lot of people having the same problem, some of them from December 2012 and the problem still remains nowadays. So I guess I'll have to wait like the others for Google to release a proper fix in a small file so you can download it...very disappointing and a shame given the fact that this is a great device considering pricing.Having said that the phone drains the battery quick but if you use a battery saving software that controls the data network connection and low the screen brightness to almost a minimum the screen still looks fine and saves a lot of power to the point that you can end the day with 20% of remaining battery on moderate use. Heavy use will drain the battery before the end of the day.Update November 2013WiFi issues were solved long ago in a software update, so I have no complains on the phone. It's just one of the best phones I've ever had. Nexus 5 has just been release but I won't update because I don't think it's worth it. I'll wait for Nexus 6 this phone will get me through most of 2014 without any problems

HQ FEATURES+ Extreme value for a $350 Unlocked 9-band GSM phone+ Screen protectors already installed on front and glass back+ Has the latest Android version, NO WAITING FOR 6-12 MONTHS for updates+ Works on cheaper unlocked GSM networks(Uses MicroSIM): T-Mobile, Optel, AT&T;+ 8-12 hour web battery life and 1-week on Standby (Full charge needed every 1-3 days)+ MicroUSB charging is a quick 2-hours on Standby(Using while charging is slow)+ HQ Sony LED Camera using Night Mode(Avoid using the Auto Mode)+ Easy and fun Instagram-film style photo+ Fast and strong: Touchscreen, 3G+ Calls,Web Browsing,Wifi,Car Sat. GPS, Bluetooth 4.0, 2GB RAM, 16GB SSD, Camera, Boot Time+ Elegant 9mm glass design with rounded edges(Matches nicely with a Ringke Fusion or Eagle case)=Very low water splash resistance microUSB and 3.5mm audio ports+ HD Text/Photos is very sharp on the 320ppi 4.7 inch IPS-True Color LCD Display+ Easy to repair battery and may use 4G LTE in the future(4G currently disabled)=NEEDS A TOUGH CASE ASAP just like all glass-phone these days-Stock Android 4.2.2 Jelly Bean is a bit bare(Needs a quicker setting menu switch)-NO 32GB SSD verison, MICROSD port,headset INCLUDED(Limit photos to 3-5MP and video 720p to save space)-Virtual home buttons are annoying and take up screen=Average speaker and bad zero gap speaker designGood Apps ,Cases, and Setting to resolve the Nexus 4 drawbacks+ Co-Pilot App, Google Nav. App, NavFree App+ Boat, Skyfire, Dolphin Mini-Fullscreen web browser+ $20 Nexus 4 Bumper Case-Very light duty, 10mm thick, HQ perfect buttons+ $15 Ringka Fusion Case-Clear light duty, 12mm thick+ $6 Eagle Double Case-Heavy duty, 20mm thick, 5mm lip+ $8 Apex Case -Heavy duty, 24mm thick, 3mm lip, covered ports and screenshield+ You might need an extra charger or powerpack since this device only has an average 8-12 battery life+ You might need a $4 Micro-SIM card cutter* Set to night camera mode for indoor photos to avoid red flares from the LED flashOther phones to consider+LG LG L9- $200-250 Unlocked+LG Op. G-Basically a Nexus 4 with 4G LTE, 32GB or MicroSD Slot

The Nexus 4 is not far behind Samsung Galaxy S4 but cost 75% less!Google's &#34;pure&#34; Android is exellent and everything responde fast as expected.Probobly the best choice of smartphone as in today.

This is just the best android an average user can buyThe pricePure android experienceAlways first to receive updates from GoogleNFC capableNo bloatware just few apps that u really need.The phone itself is just amazing I've been using it on gaming texting talk streaming web surfing android beam  video recording even making payments via NFC using the Google wallet and its been a great experience

I bought this item on the 18th and I loved it but unfortunately ... it was a Lieit says 16GP ,nop , it's just a sticker on the box on the original one that says 8GP.the basic programs juts toke around 4GP and no external mini memory access on this phone.i barely can add anything without thinking of the tight memory.

Very fast phone!

If you are looking for a great smart phone for an great price then the LG Nexus 4 for for you.  It is made of glass with rubber edges so it feels great in the hand.  This phone will always get the most up to date android updates as it is a flagship device.  The only downside is the lack of LTE support.  If you are on T-mobile you can pick it up.  Sorry ATT.

This is the best phone for this price, with 2GB of ram you'll run all aplications at once. Everything rooms smooth and because it is a nexus, you'll receive futures updates.

My wife and I had 2 HTC 1X phones. She had the 1x and I had the One X plus. Although the screens on both of those phones were amazing and on my phone I personally loved the 64GB, they had quite a few quirks that really annoyed both of us. it was so bad we had to exchange both phones and that did not fix the issues. On both phones we would sometimes be in the middle of a call and it would suddenly just reboot and both would always say no sim card found and we have to restart the phone. That continued even with the second set of phones. I was thinking what are the chances that both phones would do this. Also we use Gmail to save all of our contacts and for some reason HTC decided that the default contacts save would be in the phone itself so we would have to continually choose to save it into Google contacts and there is no way to set it to default save to Gmail. This was annoying because in our line of work we both constantly have new clients and we try to save their phone numbers and I like having the phone numbers available across all my Google devices, not just on my phone only. My wife would especially forget to sometimes save it into Google so when we switched phones she noticed that she was missing several contacts and AT&T had so much system bloatware on both of the phones that when we disabled quite a few of them it probably made the phone act crazy as well. Even when you turned both of the phones at initial setup, the phone was practically begging you to save all the contacts into AT&T which would be the stupidest thing in the world to since they would only be available on your AT&T account. I have noticed that more and more Android phones are trying to get you to get away from Google services even though its Android. Now I understand why iPhone is the way it is. Anyways, Snce we use both of our phones for business, I had no choice but to try something different. We tried the Galaxy S phone and I did not like that TouchWiz at all, it also had little things that wanted to separate you from Google, plus the screen did not look as nice as the HTC One. Anyways now we have the Nexus 4 and it is hands down the smoothest version of Android we have ever seen or used. the screen looks just as we as fantastic as the one x plus, I thought I would not like the fact that it does not have true 4G but I haven't noticed a real difference at all for what we use it for. It really should be the number one phone, but I'm sure that's Google not properly advertising it the way Samsung advertises their phones, so unfortunately most people will never get to experience a phone that truly rivals the iPhone in overall satisfaction. After several months of use, we pretty much have had zero issues with the phones, everything works and there's absolutely no unnecessary b)apps on the phone. I would pretty much have to say we are probably going to use Nexus branded devices from now on as long as they work as smooth as these phones are right now. Liked it so much  we even got Nexus tablets. The only thing I wish personally for me is I wish I had at least 32gb because on the HTC One X plus I had 64 and I used about 27 gigabytes of it. I love media and I love apps. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who wants a truly great working phone that pretty much does everything you need to do without all the extra gimmicks or loaded with things that you'll probably never use. Awesome phone!

I really love its designed and looking forward into staying with the nexus line ! And really happy to get the latest version of android

Bought this phone from the Google Play website.I use this phone with AT&T; and absolutely love it.  It does circles about both my old iPhone 3Gs and my last phone, the Samsung Infuse 4G.  I've yet to find anything wrong or sketchy about this phone.My only problem is that here on Amazon, the price is BADLY inflated.  Do NOT buy from here.  Go to Google Play and pay the REAL price for the phone.

As talked about, nexus 4 is one of the best mobile phone out there. I would have given it a 5 star if, the memory was expandable and, the battery was not BUILT into the phone. All in all, this is an excellent phone. I truely LOVE IT.

The vendor states "List Price:  $799.99" which is a complete lie. The list price is $349.99 from Google when available. This vendor is a liar and a thief.

hi i am interested in this phone but I know what band works because im from ecuador and i need to know

I recommended this device to users who love android software.i wish next time google cooperate with apple for their new phone.it is more than a phone.

Device was not registered anywhere, it had marks and scratches which was not mentioned on the  website. Got with fake charger.

I never really thought i could get a decent phone without a contract involved until i find out about the nexus 4, i was really impressed, i bought the phone and i haven't put this thing down yet, its awesome.Really like the Android OS on it and how smooth everything i do is. Phone quality is great, it is fragile so you will need a case because both sides are glass. I have a video of the White version here on my youtube channel:http://youtu.be/TnVWq1gThzAIts a great phone and i would recommend it to everyone. I told everyone about this phone but no one ever heard of it, that's kinda surprising.

I'm going to keep my review short, sweet, and to the point. I didn't buy my Google Nexus 4 from Amazon. I bought mine from Google for more than one reason. The one reason there's the price point. Google sell the Nexus 4 8GB model for $299 and a 16GB model for $350. For the price at Amazon sells the 16GB model I got the 16GB model and the wireless charger from Google.Pro's:-Great specs-1.5Ghz Quad core processor-2GB of RAM-4.7 inch display (Not huge, but not small either. Just right)-Amazing price for the specs at $350 (from Google)-Factory unlocked-Latest version of Android 4.2.2-Will always update before other phones-Pure Vanilla version of android (meaning completely stock with no bloatware)Con's:-No LTE (only downfall)Conclusion:The only downfall to Google's flagship phone is that it doesn't have 4G LTE. That's not even entirely true. It does have an LTE chip built into it but 4.2.2 update killed it. You can still get 4G LTE if you really want to but it involves rooting it and installing a custom ROM on it (Not suggested cause it voids the warranty). For the price of this phone I highly suggest it more then a Galaxy S III.

Really like the phone, it's nice to have a fast smartphone and love the pure Android, not only does it just work it works smart and fast! It's so easy to use and have so many great fetures, so many oppotinities with this phone!!Recomend the phone.Had no problems with seller.My thanks here from Denmark! Have a great day!

Excellent!!!

This is an incredible phone with a few drawbacks depending on your preference. The first thing you will notice if you come from other Android phone is the smoothness and speed. You touch the screen and it responds. You swipe down and follows. It doesnt think a second or two to know what you are up to. This may be partly due to its latest Jelly bean 4.2 software. All the Android phones I have used so far have rooms for improvements when it comes to performance. The lag is sometimes unbearable.The design is great eventhough the glass back looks delicate and so it is better to have a nice case to protect it.  It looks simple on a table but feels solid and expensive in your hands. The weight is just right in my opiniom. Things like the voulme and power button are rightly placed. I really enjoy holding this phone just the way it is but unfortunately I will have to get a case for it.THINGS I DONT LIKE ABOUT THE PHONE:NO SD CARD is an issue for me some what. I am not a heavy user of music files but I feel like I might need more storage in the long run. But now I just have to go easy on downloads.CALL QUALITY definitely needs some improvements. I feel like the volume is a bit low and so it is sometimes hard to hear the other person if you are in a noisy area. The outside speaker is tiny and poorly placed in my opinion. Its easy to cover it if you lay it on a table. This is where the HTC One clearly outperforms the compitition.BATTERY LIFE is about average depending on how you set things like screen brightness and auto syncing. I wont say that it is horrible but not great either.NO LTE can be an isue for some people but not for me. I hardly use mobile data. Most of my internet browsing and downloads are on Wifi.OVERALL this is a great phone in my opinion and I honestly will find it very difficult to use any other Android phone right now. The price is right and the fact that it is unclocked is an added value. Also since this phone is by Google it will always get the latest Android updates. Other Android phones are notoriously slow to catch up.I WILL RECOMEND THIS PHONE TO ANYONE.UPDATE 9-13-2013:The biggest issue with this phone remains the volume. I listen to music a lot while driving and when connected to my car the sound is just too low no matter what I do. Now I am not sure whether this partains to my phone alone but I have no reason to believe that all other Nexus 4s does not suffer the same low volume issue. At one time I even planned to cancel my Google music subscription because I just wasn't enjoying it the way I would like to but I later changed my mind. The call quality is not as bad as I thought so no more complaints as I had when I first started using it.

THIS PHONE IS MORE THAN AMAZING !I HAVE TO SAY THAT THE PRICE IS GREAT AND THE DEVICE IS THE BEST ANDROID PHONE IVE EVER USEDLOVE THE HARDWARE AND SOFTWARE ! IS REALLY FAST ! AND RESPONSIVE ! :DI TOTALLY RECOMMEND !! THIS TO EVERYONE ! :DWORDS WONT DESCRIBE HOW AMAZING THIS PHONE IS !

I am an experienced international buyer and I always shop online and send the stuff to my US address. Then, I pick my stuff when I arrive at the States. I bought this on May 25th for a friend from a seller called HOMETOWN DISCOUNTS on amazon.com and the description clearly stated the condition to be (NEW). Just the word (NEW) with no further description. It was also listed on amazon as a brand new item, not used, not refurbished. I got the package and was surprised it came in a generic, cheap blue box with a silver (LG logo) printed on it. It was different than the original Nexus 4 box. I know this because I had previously bought a brand new Nexus 4 phone. I proceeded to open the box and found the phone to be OK on the outside. I didn't switch it on. but the charger was a CHEAP (and I mean CHEAP) china generic charger. Not even a replica of the original charger. The kind of charger you buy for $1 in Mexico or something. To add insult to injury, because the charger was just a charger, meaning you cannot unplug the USB cable from it to connect the phone to the computer (unlike the original charger), a separate USB cable came with the box. I couldn't tell if it was the original one or another generic USB cable. I switched the phone on and it seemed to work OK. However, given the unoriginal box and charger, I was just furious. This is the first time something like that happens, especially on amazon. You don't pay almost $300 for a NEW phone as described to get a refurbished one, at the most. If it wasn't used after all. Again, the description just stated (NEW) and didn't clarify further. This was a refurbished phone at the most without the original charger and box. This should have been stated, that the phone is missing the original box and charger. I am wondering how amazon allows any seller to sell their stuff like that, with vague descriptions. I contacted the seller of course and asked for a return and a full refund. They were kind enough to refund the money but I am willing to take this matter to the highest level of legal authority if I didn't get an acceptable form of compensation to prevent this from happening again to me or other customers. Or may be the amazon.com administration somehow recognizes international buyers like me and think they will settle for less-than-acceptable service?

This phone is for those who like pure android experience. I do have to say that the user interface is not as colourful as samsung's touchwiz or Htc' sense but both of those have lag but not nexus 4 as this has jellybean with android 4.2.2. You are first in line for all the updates before all other OEM's. Great price from google store if your country has it.

Came as described: Used Like New. I doesn't show any wear off, and is working perfectly, now supporting KitKat.Great phone, the only con is the battery life.

Very fast phone, until it bricked because the battery died. No fix was available from Google or LG. Phone needed to be returned.

Good phone 4/5 stars. You can get the 8gb version for only 299 brand new directly from Google. For 299 this is an excellent phone. However, it is not as good as the Galaxy S3 or Galaxy Note 2. I would even prefer the HTC One X since it has jelly bean.  You can get an HTC One X used off Amazon for less money.  Worth it.

I've been using my Nexus 4 for over 6 months now, and I can only say good things about it.The stock Android OS runs flawlessly and is buttery smooth, no lag whatsoever and it's what every Android phone should be like.The 8MP camera is good, nothing spectacular but offers good quality pictures under good conditions.Front camera is what it is.The build quality is premium, front and back glass. I've been using my phone without a bumper for about 2 months and it hasn't scratched or anything.I would recommend this phone any day to anyone. I've only found 1 con, it gets hot when playing games with high-end graphics.

This is my first Android phone. It is really great. Responsive and smooth. The price is ok. It would be nice if it comes with SD card slot.

I highly recommend the Nexus phone. It has all of the features I was looking for. The screen is crisp and clear. It takes great pictures. Although I haven't mastered all of the features, I am very pleased with the services. It was well worth the price.

Great phone. It's quite big, but very powerful. Run great all app that i download! Games also run very fast!

Awesome phone, mega fast and very good software/hardware, can't wait to have Nexus 5 now. Its a very good phone

I chose this over the iphone 5, and yes i was right, it is exceptional! i hear people saying the camera isnt as good or the display. Ive used mine and im telling you now, my camera is the best ive used on a phone, i cant even tell the difference with my S3's, the display is mysteriously nice, its just natural, ive never seen a display like this. on my S3 i was irritated by unrealistic reproduction of colours. i would transfer photos from my computer onto my S3 only to find them appearing like cartoony effects had been added on my S3, it irritated me soo much that i will never use a Super Amoled screen again. With this though, the images look exactly orclose to what they appear like on my computer screen, TV, and the camera screen itself, it is just....REAL colours, its brilliant.

Excellent device. Clean design with a very modern look.I am very pleased with this device.Just missed the headset.

i bought this piece of crap after check the reviews .... This is the most dissapointed produtc of my life because i had hilgly expectations ..... the phone is always getting to hot and the batterie is a joke (the graphics are poor compare to samsung galaxy) and is always having small problems (bugs and etc) ..... i think i am going to stay away from android phone for a whille and get a apple iphone. I do not like apple procudts because i think the graphics design is cold and impersonal and i really like the google play store.... but i have to agree in terms of just getting the product working withou any problem they are in step ahead .My 3 other brothers have the iphone 5s and i am always having problem with my android phone. i had a samsung galaxy s3 that just went dead. I think there is a seroius problem with the power cable in adroid phones (if you use a generic cable is all over. Be prepare to buy another phone). What can i say more: this product is not google phone,is LG product. it just sucks.

I loved the phone and wanted to keep ot. However i could not have it activated with my verizon account because i didn't know about the 2 diffrerent systems..I recieved the phone quick and in perfect condition. What a shame....Thank YouJim

Nexus 4 is a nice, elegant and powerful device. I keep it now for more than two weeks and enjoy it very much. The screen is big and sharp enough to provide great tablet PC services. A lot of applications in App Store make the usage of Nexus 4 really very enjoyable.I want to add that the supplier really did his best to deliver the good just in time.

this phone is amazing. I bought it after my iphone died and I'm not missing it at all. plus, if you're a Google user (who isn't??) you'll find it oh-so-useful. awesome.

In the product's specifications said it was totally new and unopened box, but when I recieved the phone, the box had been opened and had several tapes, that really bothered me . As well, the inside of the box is damaged, the charger do not came in a new bag. The phone seems be in good shape, no scrapes and wiht the original screem protector. But it was opened :@

After six months, the phone has just started to turn off.  No reason.  It is so frustrating, and the camera is very poor quality. We realized we had paid way too much on amazon.  Usually very happy with every purchase on Amazon, but not this time.

If this is your first Smart phone you could be very happy with it, but if you have already had experience with a well implemented phone this one is just painful.  At first I thought that maybe the odd ticks and bugs where just the way Android was.  When I finally saw Android on the Samsung SIII though I could not believe the difference.  It was hard to believe they were using the same OS (Android).  Samsung's Android implementation is worlds better than this one.  It is hard to believe that the phone Google is selling could have implemented Google's OS so badly.There are so many things that make the experience on the Nexus4 painful.  For example.  If you click on a link that is a PDF.  Every other phone will open a PDF viewer automatically so you are able to view the file.  One step and you are done.  The Nexus4 downloads the PDF of the phone to a folder and pops up a little window to say "downloading.".  So you have to close the browser, then go find the downloads folder, then try to figure out which file in the downloads folder it is that it just downloaded, then click on the file then, and THEN select what app should be used to view the file.  Five steps.  Something so simple that is made so difficult gives you an idea of how needlessly hard this phone can be to use.Pros:* Complete freedom.  The phone is totally unlocked and supports GSM and CDMA so you can take it with you to any phone company and use it with no contracts.Con:* Terrible Android implementation.  See the description above for details.  This one was the deal breaker for me.  This is painful to use compared to Samsung's Android implementation.* No expansion slots for added memory.* Really high bandwidth usage.  You will need a MUCH more expensive data plan.  Since the phone can not store much with it's limited storage it constantly needs to go to the Google services to download contacts, music, photos, etc.  So you need one of the highest end data plans.* Battery life is nowhere near what is claimed.  Plan on having it plugged in pretty much everywhere you go.* No LTE support.  I did not really care, but if you hate network lag this may get on your nerves.

I bought this phone on my friend's suggestion. Since day 1 it was a great experience using this phone. Screen size is good enough to watch small videos on youtube or a full length movie on netflix. The camera is good and I was able to click some pretty decent pictures with it. Overall I am very happy with this phone. Using it for more than 3 months and didn't face any problem yet. I also used it in India. Just took a local sim card and started to use it without any trouble.

OK.. So like everyone else on here, I bought mine directly from the Google Play Store. As mentioned - it is quite a bit cheaper there. And now that they have gotten past the original supply shortages, you can order your phone and have it in hand by the end of the week. Maybe not Amazon Prime fast - but what is? :-)I've had this phone for a little over a month and can honestly say its the best phone I've ever had - maybe even the best piece of technology period. And for the price (even if you buy through Amazon), you will not find a better device. Not only are the specs incredible (quad-core processor, 2gb ram, etc).. but pure android is a joy to use. Especially since Google's project butter smoothed things out. Prior to that, pure android still had some weird lag (maybe not the right word for it) when navigating the phone. No such problems here however.The are only a couple of drawbacks to this phone that I would communicate to those looking to buy. These weren't issues for me, but I know some others might want/expect these features.1. No memory card expansion. If you are an android user, chances are you have a device that you can insert a memory card into. This phone does not have that. This is not an issue for me because all of my media (music, pics, docs) are stored in their respective cloud containers (google music, google+, google drive). But for those that prefer to keep things off the cloud, you will find 16gb might not be enough storage. Totally a preference thing but worth noting nonetheless.2. No LTE (sort of). The phone technically speaking is capable of 4g LTE and, before the 4.2.2 version of Jelly Bean, their were some nerds - I use this term affectionately - that were able to mod the phone to connect to LTE. Otherwise, the fastest network you can connect to is T-Mobile's HSPA+. If you think you need LTE, you are just being picky. HSPA+ is plenty fast depending on where you live, which of course holds true for LTE as well. I regularly get download speeds of 15kbps and up on HSPA+.. and the network is very fast - im not sure I'd be able to tell the difference in day to day usage (maybe only when downloading movies and other large files).All that said - I have a $30/mo plan with T-mobile that give me unlimited data (first 5gb at HSPA+), unlimited text, and 100 minutes per month. I user skype to get around the minutes issue so 100 is plenty.Bottom Line:Do your self a favor and buy this phone for $350 and go to T-Mobile and get the $30 prepaid plan. You'll get a fast network on a ridiculous phone (has brains and beauty) without having to give your first born to Verizon/AT&T; for something that the average user won't actually need.God Speed.

It is far the best cell phone I ever had. Excellent amount of RAM and good processor are the major qualities of this phone.

This is an amazing phone. Look great and TVE hardware is excelent. For this prive is the better phone. Is wonderfull.

I like this phone. I have had very few (and minor) problems but the other 99% of the time is performs very satisfactorily, and it is used for far more purposes that simply a phone.

This is the very first phone I've ever buy outside. I must say it is a nice phone, if you're looking for a fast, considerably cheap phone with android, look no further. The phone is a really nice piece of technologic, sure one or two improvements can be made, but is very good in general. I'm very happy with it.A considerable aspect, it is the notification's volume, it's NOT so loud, anyway I'm always with my hands on the phone, it does not affect me that much.IMPORTANT: I did not know this phone does not come with earphones. So you should consider buy a pair.ALSO IMPORTANT:I'm from venezuela, used &#34;liberty express&#34; for the shipment, it was fast and everything was in their place. My celphone carrier is movistar, you have to cut the chip, so it fits in your new phone.

The phone is great and looks awesome. It is also blazing fast and reliable. Battery life is ok, I can get through all day without recharging, with 3g sync all the time. Beware that gaming specially 3d games like Real Racing 3 will suck out battery. The glass back looks great, but also makes you being concerned about scratches and falls all the time.

This phone works just great. I'm using it in Argentina and i just had to insert the micro SIM. That's all. Android updates automatically done and never had any problems with the phone.

Definitely worth it. Would recomend to anyone who is looking for a new smartphone. It is fast, responsive, and good looking.

Excellent, the better android and a good hardware, excellent touch screen, good camera, the durability of the battery is one day with all services on.

This is a wonderful phone. I have used Nexus 3 and 3.5 before. This is another great phone from Google.Excellent High resolution displayIt has a quad core chipset so its super fast.Latest OS Jelly Bean 4.2 - bang for the buck.Its very comfortable to hold and it still fits in your pocketYou can use wireless charger with this phone.

The LG Nexus 4 is an excelent  phone. I recommend highly this cell phone. Works perfect with 3G network with Movilnet (Venezuela). Very fast and I love the multi apps  open un the same time

Smarter and faster, it is a good option to have a useful device if you are looking for quality and desgin

I think this is very good smartphone it has great powerI remember days when desktop computers with equivalent power didn't existedthis phone has very good touch screen way more better than old iphones ( I haven't tried it against iPhone 5  )if you use wifi lot and play high quality graphic games you may kill battery in hoursbut when you're using it like phone battery will last couple of daysin addition this phone has great visual design I'll say one of the best

Before I actually write the review, I want to let fellow shoppers know that this phone is available on the Google Play website at MSRP which is $349.99+tax+shipping, which might save some people a bit of money if you can wait. Also note the phone tends to ship faster than Google's site indicates.Also, ALL NEXUS 4 Phones are UNLOCKED by default. Don't pay more to someone trying to make that a selling point to sell for higher than MSRP!With that said, I had a iphone 4s before I bought the nexus. It takes a bit of getting used to in transitioning to the Nexus but overall, the Nexus is a solid contender with a sleek design and a more versatile o/s. The iphone is much simpler than the Nexus in function, things are much more logical, and what I mean is you can give it to your grandparents and they can intuitively figure it out for the most part. The Nexus while simple, has much more functionality and wouldn't be something your grandparents could master as fast as an iphone. However, do note that my grandparents loved the Nexus once they figured out how to use it but they did miss Siri quite a bit. The key difference is this phone is noticeably faster when you swap apps and has a much clearer and larger screen. The battery life has so far been better than my iphone 4s by a noticeable factor. The rest of this review will be a summary of pro's and con's for simplicity, since we all hate to read walls of text. =)Pro:+Gorgeous screen with excellent colors+Battery Life is excellent (Your mileage may vary based on what you use)+Camera is excellent (both front and back cameras, but iPhone still takes better pictures especially in dark light)+Huge app library for Android+Unlocked - worked great in UK on UK SIM+No Contract purchased at MSRP+Cheap compared to iphone and other smartphones+Fast processor / loads apps faster than iphone did+Voice Clarity was excellent+Volume on speakerphone was louder than on iphone 4s (your milage may vary as some users report differently)+NFC technology enabled+Google Now - aims to help you thru your day with predictive cards (still in infancy but somewhat useful and has great potential)+Wireless charger (sold separately)Cons:-Viewing angle of screen - some distortion if you view the phone screen at extreme angles-User Interface is not as intuitive as that on iphone if simplicity is what you seek-divorced from Siri (well, only if you used her on iphone)-No SD card expansion slots-No LTE-Slightly larger size-Even though camera is excellent, it is not on par with pictures taken on an iphone

DO NOT BUY FROM THIS SUPPLIER!!I bought this phone and once I received the package it was open. For me ok if everything is inside. But the clip to open the phone  was missing and also the charger is broken. I send 3 emails to supplier and I had just once a reply saying he would fix the problem. Unfortunately I have never heard from him again.

It's my first contact with Android as an owner.Very fast, nice looking and perfect in hands.Cons: 32Gb should be great !

16gb cost 387$ on google, but you must use proxy to ghet in store and a bunch of stuff, it was a waste of time for me, google takes too much for an order update or cancel, also there is no support unlike amazon, so i bought it on amazon, 60$ morethe phone is great, you just can't beat the price, off course it's not perfectthe bad:*the screenis 4.7, but part of that space is wasted for buttons, so in the end it is like 4.4", too bad, but the screen is awesome*space,16gb has 12.9gb free, yes 12.9, i repeat 12.9, that sucks, should have been 15gb at least,  there is no microsd, well i really don't care much, i just put little music and vids and basic gamesyou will have problems if you put like 5 monster games like real racing 3, aspahlt 7, gta3,  etc, they are 1gb each, but regular 2d games are 50mb, just play few games, there is no need to have 40 hd games, also you don't need 5gb of music or videos, get an ipod, and watch vids on pc, just use the space for pics, vids and apps games*sound designthe speaker is below the phone, so having the phone lay down, will have little volume, it sucks, should have been on a side*design glassthe phone look great, but it feels too fragile, should break with just one fall, so buy a protector or be very carefull, but i am sure i will drop mine sometime*usb transfersa little slow for my taste, too slow actually*google play storefree apps just suck, they are full of ads, yes, agmes like angry birds, cut the rope, etc, have ands in game and even send you ads when you are not playing, get apps from elsewhere*heatphone gets very warm while playing heavy games, really hot*3d gamesi don't know who to blame, but 3d games sucks a little on the nexus 4, gta vice city has a lot of lag, real racing 3 a little, modern combat 4 some, and lots more, i mean, i don't really know if all androids have the same issue, maybe games are not optimized, maybe the phone is not good for games, maybe cpu heat gets thermal throttle and slow downs everything, but i expected better performance being a pc gamer i want my games at 60fps, and this phone should do it easily with 4 cores next gen s4 pro2d games have no problems, and many light 3d games, the problems are advanced 3d games (not all thank god)*camerait sucks, really, no way to avoid it, it is lame, it works perfect but quality is lame, does close ups, panoramas, 360 panoramas great, but quality of everything is crap---------the good greatphone OS, speed, power*the phone is ultra fast for everything, GUI is smooth even doing several stuff, amazing, i just love it, 60fps for everything*android 4.2.2, is so great, so easy to use, this was my 1th time, coming from symbian, takes a little time but now i am an expert, android is just easy to use, this is a really smart phone, love integration of apps*ram, cputhis thing has 2gb of ram, so you will never have to worry about open apps, background services, etc, off course background apps will eat battery and a little of cpu, some apps are just crap, others work fine like wassap, gmail, facebook, etc, very good notificationsall apps are very smooth and work perfect, and so many games, but 3d games don't work so nice*samsung galaxy is dropping prices, but it is 1gb of ram and quadcores of older gen

What sets this apart is its speed. It feels like a small PC. The processor is just amazing. Love it!

This phone is fast, looks brilliant and build quality is very good and it has latest google operating system. You need to use a good cover though because it is very slippery.

the best part about this phone is the Google version of Android. i was originally very happy with it, especially the sparkling back. the battery is not good at all and for some reason the phone decides to annoy you about it with popups and beeps when it reaches 14%. i can't find any way to turn that off. the glass is supposed to be Corning Gorilla 2, but i already have a crack or scratch on the back. i may not buy a Nexus phone again.30 July 2013 update:Android 4.3 OTA went out on 24 July. it is now almost a week later and my Google Play Nexus 4 will not update. not only was Google unable to fulfil my order when i placed it on launch day, but now i can't even get the newest version of Android sent to my phone! this makes me want to just get a dumbphone and take my laptop everywhere i go for my wifi internet fix.

I purchased two of these phones to replace old iPhones for my wife an I.  The Android OS 4.2 is amazing and so much more powerful than iOS.  We love the OS, however the Nexus 4, not so much.Our goal was to completely do away with our dependency on Apple and iOS.  Looking back, I wish we would have picked the older Galaxy Nexus or some other, less fragile, Android phone as this LG version of the Nexus is a very poor quality product.  Within a couple months of extremely careful care, the back glass already has a HAIRLINE CRACK going from one side to the other.  A few weeks later a CRACK showed up on my wife's phone going from top to bottom.Having owned an iPhone 3 and 4 for years and having dropped both of them many times and never experiencing a crack, I was shocked at how both our Nexus 4 phones got CRACKS in the back glass within two months.  Called Google Play and they say their warranty is only for 15 days and to talk to LG.  LG said I could send in the phone for an evaluation and if they felt it was just a "cosmetic" problem they would bill me for repairs as anything cosmetic is not covered.Still want this phone? Just Google for Nexus 4 crack and see how many people are experiencing cracking...

This phone is absolutely amazing! Super fast and gorgeous to look at. My sister bought a Samsung S3 at the same time and since that was originally my first choice I compared a little. The S3 has a lot of extras that I thought I would be jealous of but i'm not. The Nexus interface is sooo much better looking that touchwiz which looks really cheesy. I also definitely love the build quality compared to the S3. I'll update after I have really gotten to spend some time with my new baby :)UPDATE:I have used this phone for six months now and can comment on the following:Build Quality:My Nexus 4 still looks brand new months later! She has taken a few tumbles, some with a case on and some without (not hard these times though)and im pleased to say that the glass is definitely not as fragile as first so those phones must have been defective.Call Quality:Pretty good. I've never had a problem hearing or being heard during a call. And the speakerphone volume is excellent and can be heard clear acrosss a room. I also haven't had much problems with calls dropping or signal strength with the phone (that couldn't be attributed to our HORRIBLE (and sadly only) cellular service provider.Camera:I was so excited to get my hands on this phone to play around with 360 panoramic pictures but funny enough I did it once when I first got it and barely even remember the feature most days.The camera is definitely meh. I think it's the Nexus' biggest flaw. It takes pretty good pictures in bright light but if the lighting is uneven my pictures tend to come out looking very pixelated(?), especially when zoomed in. Also colors almost always looked washed out when taken with this camera so I recently downloaded a HDR Camera app to try help matters a bit. And btw you're definitely not getting a good lowlight camera here.Having upgraded from a Nokia N8, which beat my panasonic point and shoot by a mile, I guess I maybe needed to adjust my expectations a little and remember it's a phone not a camera.Bluetooth:If anyone can figure out how to bluetooth a song on this phone then PLEASE let me know! I had to download an app to be able to do it and it's a bit tedious.Screen:Gorgeous!!! I find myself cleaning the screen like 4 times a day. It is beautiful but more importantly it feels awesome under your fingertips. I have not been able to bring myself to buy a screen protector(fingerprints) to this day.Responsiveness:Very fast!!!!!! Minimal to no lag and i'm more than half way through my memory with over a hundred apps.Sensor:The sensor is very sensitive and sometimes the screen will go black and I will get totally scared until I realize that something(my hand, a piece of paper or once I swear it was just a few wisps of hair) is hovering over the screen.All in all I still love my Nexus 4! It does everything I need it to and more and I still recommend it to all my friends, especially with it's awesome price point just remember it's still not without it's minor flaws.

Not a review of the product as I don't own one; just a general complaint.I was all ready to buy one from googleplay and was disappointed to see that there is no microSD slot.  REALLY?!!!So, will not be ordering one now.  I'd like to know who is on the design boards of these Apple alternative products.  It's like they don't even care to try to give people a REAL reason NOT to buy apple.

Nexus 4 is the best android smartphone at the current time.I have used Galaxy Nexus around 1 year and I switched it to Nexus 4. I love it.

LG is a warranty of cell phones with all the advanced technology available. A phone that facilitates the use of its functions without problem on any server ....

The best smartphone in the market now, is amazing and fast, and the support of google is a big warranty.........

i like it because it has big screen,google play and anothers stuff, but the battery life is not good enough, its like a mini 4.7 tablet, not games in my phone because the battery life is a problem. with normal use my battery last almost a day.decent photos,but nice and good looking phone,my complain is the battery

Love my phone! I researched a lot of phones before I chose this one.  It does everything my HTC Inspire didn't or wouldn't do and then some!  Of course, I think part of the problem was my carrier too. I have been using this phone for almost 6 months and there have been very few issues.  Because it is all glass, I was a little paranoid about breaking it, but I have cured most of that with the cases I have purchased.  The only real gripe I have is when my phone recently updated to 4.4, it kicked off the clock widget I was using on my home page.  The widgetwas downloaded again, but when I try to use it, it will not open.  Bummer.  Oh well, a small price to pay for such a great phone.  The only other thing is that I wish it had an SD card slot in order to expand storage. Again, not rally that big a deal because I knew that when I purchased the phone.  I know the Nexus 5 is out now, but I think I will just stick with my 4 for now.  Haven't seen enough of the 5 to warrant a change.

This by far the best android phone on the market. Here is a small list reasons this phone is great.1) Perfect size. Not to big or to small2) First to get newest updates.3) Takes great pics and videos4) Crazy fast crazy fast. This should of been first.5) Plays almost any of not ever game in the market.6) Did I mention that it is crazy fast7) Great battery life. I've gotten 16 hours on one charge and average 10 to 12 hours daily.If that does not sell you then I don't know what will.

This phone is really nice, sleek and slender and has a nice smooth feel to it. Had it for three months now and no problems except that my service would drop now and again. I live in the Caribbean and my network is Digicel so i'm not sure if it's the phone or if it's the network so im giving it four stars for now.

This phone is just amazing. Its true that the phone has no LTE but lets be honest it does not matter for some people. It is just as fast if not faster than LTE in certain areas. The phone is snappy, with a clean design. It may not have a sd card slot but have you heard of the "cloud" or Google play. I agree that 16gb should be the minimum for new phones but it still holds depending what you do. No replaceable battery but I can live with that as I never actually cared about swapping batteries. The price is amazing compared to other phones and obviously cheap for certain reason. All those things just add a heftier price to the phone. Overall great so far and sleek.

I`ve been using it for 3 months now and is the best buy i could ever do. I highly recommended it

Beautiful, shiny, fast with a large and high resolution screen. And better, pure Android right from Google. Just one thing, got to take care with the glass back panel, isn't drop-safe!

Great speed, easy to use, flexible and very well documented handboock. I just unpacked it installed the micro simcard and it was ready to fly talking browsing and so on

This is the third Nexus I have owned and I have to say it is a complete smartphone with extra compared to what is out there, and for the price it cannot be beat.  One only suggestion is for LG to place the phone jack on the bottom next to the power jack like the Samsung.

It is still the best smartphone for almost everyone who wants to buy good android phone but do not need a good camera (camera is awful); battery life is actually comparable to iPhone 4S and 5;

In short:  This is a great phone; don't let the low price fool you...  I haven't used my iPhone 4s since purchasing...Snapdragon processor is quick and snappy. :) This phone runs Android 4.2.2 extremely well.  All transitions are butter-smooth and applications launch promptly.  To be perfectly honest, this phone is actually smoother than my Nexus 10, for reference.  If you've been looking for a wonderful, pure Android phone experience, this is it.External speaker is just okay, nothing extremely special--it works.  Phone is well built--solid, yet light, and soft/smooth in the hand.  The subtle, curved glass front adds a nice touch to the phones finish, and it is effective for allowing one's finger to smoothly glide across the screen from the side.  The phone is glass front and back, so putting it in a case is pretty much a no-brainer.  Regardless of what anti-scratch techniques are used, glass will still be fragile, and if dropped, _will_ break if not properly protected.  This phone is no exception to that.  Additionally, the glass back makes the phone especially slippery.  Slippery both in the hand, _and_ most importantly, it slips on surfaces.  When I first got this phone, it arrived before the case.  During those 2 days, I could have sworn that this phone sprouted legs and walked across seemingly flat surfaces when I wasn't looking!  I am not joking, this phone is super smooth...and slippery.  Luckily for me, I noticed before it had a chance to fall.  You've been warned. :)Overall, I am happy that I purchased this phone.  In truth, I haven't been able to put it down since purchase.

This is probably one of the best phone you can get today.Best things first:1) Built quality is very premium2) High def screen3) Amazing Google services4) Best Android experience, NO crapware, NO bloatware5) Updates directly from Google. ( I got Jelly bean 4.3, just 5 days after release)6) Shockingly low price, considering its built quality and it's "Totally UNLOCKED".DONOT BUY IT FROM AMAZON. ITS WAY CHEAPER IF YOU BUY IT DIRECTLY FROM GOOGLE PLAY STORE.7) Google is giving free Bumper with this phone.Good things next:1) Camera is good, but does not excel the competition2) Battery life is OKNot so good things Last:1)Gorilla glass on the back is too smooth, some times slips from your hand and from most of the surfaces. So, better use bumper that comes free with this.2) No SD Card. But, with 15GB of cloud storage on Google drive and other free cloud storage, this should be Ok.3) No LTE. But, HSDPA+ speeds on T Mobile are pretty impressive.

I've owned twenty android devices in three years. Every nexus device so far except the 10. Take it from a pro, this is the phone you want.

great phone and high-end power with its attractive android 4.3 system the most powerful so far is undoubtedly the most powerful phone to run any game

A very sleek looking phone that's fast and have a better battery experience than I'm use to with other smartphones. And no crappy apps and broken UI from OEMs.

This is by far the best phone I've ever owned, you can't get a better phone for the price. This is my second nexus device and I plan on buying future nexus devices.

Excelente tel&eacute;fono lo compre para usarlo en Venezuela y funciona perfectamente en 3g con la operadora DIGITEL, recomiendo el equipo ampliamente la mejor relacion  precio / calidad / tecnolog&iacute;a, muy r&aacute;pido  y la bateria aguanta tranquilamente 1 dia de uso fuerte

Really cool device with great design and performance. I like it. 4.3 came a few days ago with some really useful features. I really like this phone because all new updates are coming really quickly.
