
I bought this phone for my fiancee, and the phone at first it was great. Now after a few months, it starting to have problems, she tells me that it freezes a lot, it becomes non-respondent. I try to find out what was wrong with it, and found out that Samsung has had many problems with this model. In many of the cases it need it replacement. I guess, for what I payed, it was too good to be true.

Well i bought this cellphone i gave it as a gift to my husband and itssaids its unlock and that works perfectly fine. Wel it doesntAnd im trying to return it but i dont knw if it will sen dme the money back? I went to every company to conected and they said it cant be conected. Stupid seller if you sell something sell them new or them workingDont buy nothing from this person. I have bought aloooot of things from amazon and this was a mistake.

Good price and everything work ok I hope you'll buy and enjoy of this excellent product Its so amazing cellphone

This phone is awesome, the picture is great,  the size is great and everything is as described. I was a little bit worried reading some reviews that these phones don't come unlocked, but in my case, I put my chip and the phone recognized it immediately. I am really happy with it.

Wonderful product.... just what I needed. Very good price for that quality. I will be getting another one soon. Thanks.

NI SI QUIERA HE RECIBIDO EL PRODUCTO, ha pasado mucho tiempo desde la compra del product y no lo he recibido, quisiera saber cuando y porque, por favor ayudenme con este caso.

I received and it is very good. I installed it on the cell phones and I am very satisfied. Thank you for sending the correct item.

I have a year using it and I have not had any problems. It is a good phone and I like it! any bad comments to say

Came in the box, Came with no seals.. I guess it shouldn't have come that way since it is factory unlocked, although it is in good condition and works perfectly it should come sealed

PACKAGING WAS NICELY PUT TOGETHER, MY ONLY PROBLEM WAS THE PHONE CAME IN A FOREIGN LANGUAGE AND IT TOOK ME A COUPLE DAYS TO FIGURE OUT HOW TO CHANGE TO ENGLISH.

Excellent product. I was received the phone in perfect state. Samsung S3 Mini operate very well. Great value/performance relation ! ! !

I bought one for my wife and son.  Nice little phone.  Son soon dropped his and cracked the screen but one year latter still working.  My wifes never lets her down and battery time is good.

Phone is good and working! At first i thought it wasn't working but it ended up working just great. Thank you

and she loves it, very user friendly, small and relly nice camera quality, well better than the iphone 4 quality that is. loved it

It comes with the instruction in russian.The power supply was for europe and came with an adaptor for america, so I had a power supply bigger than the cellphone.The biggest issue is that the voice calls are muddy, so is hard to understand what the other person is saying.This a great smartphone but I had so many defects for me

The phone is awesome, a lot of cool features, but came with a European charger! Luckily, I had backups other wise I would have had to spend like an extra $20 for a charger. But now I'm stuck with a useless charger unless I randomly end up taking a trip to Europe..I just think it should have been mentioned in the description/pictures or maybe I missed it. Idk :/ Cool phone though!!! :D

i paid for a celular new 218 $ but shopebest send me a refurbished whith softwear problemplease i need you to resolve me problem

it s like couse is compact, powerfull also very confortable. easy to  use. nice camera too. very pleasent with my purchase

It's smaller than the SIII, so fit perfect in my wife's hands. Also the internet runs as good as my SIII, and have a good 3g band reception. One hundred percent recomended, but take care with the screen, is easily scratched.

Tengo linea movistar y funciona a la perfecci&oacute;n, es hasta mas r&aacute;pido que mi laptop, agarra 3G, y hasta ahora no he tenido ning&uacute;n problema, lo recomiendo ampliamente, es bell&iacute;simo adem&aacute;s.

This is the 1st time I am giving a review about anything online, as this time I was forced to write one. I was looking for a good cell to gift my sister and looking at the reviews, I felt good about this cell and bought it. Little did I know that the product would be bad. I very happily gifted it to my sister as a birthday gift and to my dismay and utter shock, just after 3 months her battery got swollen up and bad and stopped working. I don't know, whether it's the sellers malfunctioning or the Samsung company's, but I have never heard or seen a battery getting bad in just 2-3 months rather than 2-3 years and it is highly embarrassing for me to face my sister. Friends, beware of buying such expensive products from here as the the quality is very bad. I highly doubt and feel the products are duplicate or defective pieces.

The mini samsung galaxy s3 phone is very nice and has enough applications for what I need. Thank you very much for the attention.

Nice phone with a great price.  Excellent condition.  Easy to use.  Gave it to a grandchild for Christmas and they were very pleased.

Bought it for the girlfriend as a quick replacement till her contract was up. She love it more then the regular s3. Only complaint is wish it was a 4g phone. Other then that great phone and even better price.

The internet does not work, its extremely slow, it is on &#34;edge&#34; not 3G... Only works fine connected to a wifi network

This phone is awesome, but it has a few obstacles. Because it was made internationally, Samsung hardly recognizes it as their product. I received it with all Spanish directions, and the phone was in Spanish! I had to figure out how to change it to Spanish while trying to understand some of the language. I then contacted Amazon for the seller's name, and they couldn't find one, but they referred me to Samsung's website. Samsung didn't have the instructions in English, but they sent me a link to the Manual for this model. It does work perfectly. The sound is great, the graphics are clear and perfect, and it does just about everything but walk. The only problem is that you have no support when there is a problem. I don't look forward to that time, when something doesn't work right. Samsung is so reputable, and apologized for not recognizing this product, but that's no help when you need answers. The only thing I have to rely on right now is the Manual.

Connection issues: constantly low or no reception even though other phones have no problem.Keyboard issues: frustrated the crap out of me because I made so many typos in any text messages. For example, I tried to type &#34;o&#34; but I got a p;After having had it for 3 days, I have to return this crap immediately!

Exceeded my expectations really perfect 100% functionality and spent a year of my purchase and do not regret Venezuela DIGITEL line

I like this phone very much. it works just like the regular galaxy phones and i think even better. but most of all, its very affordable!

my girlfriend loves it and is fascinated with your phone, would not last one technology, one midrange and this will charm you.

Is a excelent cell phone very very fast, easy to use!!! The gps like a garmin, is very light and look great and the price is cheap for any other cell phone!!!!

This phone was exactly what I was looking for but when I got the phone to my dealer and we got the phone opened up they told me that the phone would not work with Verizon a bit disappointed because I didn't know this before the purchase.  This was the discription of the phone.  I am not technical so in looking at the following description of the phone I would not have seen this problem.It was not until I went into the Returns area from World Wide that you see the description about their cell phones and returning itemsThey needed to put this on the item page&#34;Cell Phones may only be returned within the first 30 days from the receipt of shipment.Buyers are responsible for network, GSM band, and Carrier compatibility, including internet browsing (2G, 3G, and 4G), picture and text messaging functionality, which are not guaranteed.GSM phones are not compatible with any CDMA based carriers such as Verizon, Sprint, Alltel, Cellular One, Metro PCS, and Cricket. Please confirm your carrier runs on a GSM network before purchase.&#34;GSM 850/900/1800/1900; HSDPA 900/1900/2100 Super AMOLED capacitive&#62; touchscreen 4.0-Inch&#62; 5 MP Primary Camera, autofocus, LED flash, Video 720p@30fps, Secondary&#62; VGA camera OS Android OS, v4.1 (Jelly Bean), CPU Dual-core 1 GHz,&#62; Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n, DLNA, Wi-Fi Direct, Wi-Fi hotspot, Bluetooth&#62; v4.0 with A2DP, LE, EDR 8GB Internal memory; 1 GB RAM; microSD Memory&#62; card slot; Standard battery, Li-Ion 1500 mAh&#62;&#62; The GALAXY S3 mini runs Android 4.1 (Jelly Bean)with a 4.0 display&#62; while maintaining the familiar Galaxy S3 design. The Galaxy S3 Mini is&#62; powered by NovaThor U8420 Dual-core 1 GHz CPU with 1GB of RAM and a&#62; 5MP camera that does 720p HD videos. The Galaxy S3 Mini is full of&#62; graphical capabilities, fast screen transitions, and an upgraded&#62; Google Now service featuring contextual search. Over at the front,&#62; there's a VGA camera for conference calls. The 4.0 display is of Super&#62; AMOLED variety and pushes 800480 resolution.

I haven't nothing to complain about. Also brings adapter charger. I lovin it everything about this mobile. I would recommend to everyone.

When phone dies I have to remove battery and put it n another phone to charge. My gf phone doesn't have this problem

i really like this s3 mini, exactly weigth for me! and have the best price/performance ever i ever seen before in a Samsung galaxy.

I have had this phone for almost 24 hours, playing on it and downloading apps, getting all my personal stuff on it, I really love it. My Verizon card slipped right in and was working right away. My wireless was working great!I would love to keep it, but since it is an international phone it does not have to same codes most of the providers need her in the USA, and there is no way to make it work.

I am satisfied with this. excellent condition, applications, all in perfect working order, I highly recommend it.Unlocked from Venezuela, works great.

I bought it not for travel but as a replacement. Warranty does not concern me. My wife loves this phone. It works on HSPA+ in US but not 4G LTE. It is a very light weight phone and is easy to hold. Battery life is insane.

TODAV&Iacute;A LO TENGO EN PRUEBA.ESPERO QUE CONTINU&Eacute; TRABAJANDO BIEN.ME GUSTAR&Iacute;A SABER TIEMPO DE GARANT&Iacute;A Y DEM&Aacute;S.SALUDOS. CU&Iacute;DESE. ANDRES BERRIOS B

Very good product quality and presentation of the same. excellent

It's easy to handle, has alot of features, most times i don't even remember that i have a laptop because i`m too busy on my &#34;Galaxy S3 mini&#34;

THIS CELL DOES NOT WORK WITH THE 3G 900 BAND, IS A LIE, IT DOES NOT WORK WITH THE BAND 900 3G

It`s perfect for job and fun, beautiful, quality pictures, light and easy to handle. Great apps of samsung, i recomended it

Great phone. Got IT for my girlfriend. Only con had ti update manually forma jb 4.1.2for better estability of the phone

This is my first smart phone and I'm still learning how to operate it. I'm enjoying the flat rate with no contract and being able to access the internet when i need to. It has a nice camera and very clear recording of videos.

Bueno

I love this phone. This is the perfect size for me because the regular s3 I find to be too big.

Samsung I8190 Galaxy S III Mini Unlocked Android Smartphone - Whitevery this reale one excelent product i love it

Purchased this phone about a month ago and it has worked great! I previously had a Windows 7.5 phone and it just didn't have all the apps I wanted in the Windows marketplace so I tried Android. It has been a huge change but a good one, as I have gone through Apple, Windows, and now Android. This phone is small and compact but has everything the average smartphone user needs. The GHz performance of the phone is slow compared to its big brother the Galaxy SIII, however the jellybean OS really helps. Try to stay away from the live wallpapers and unnecessary apps! The camera isn't the best in low light like most phone cameras, but it does include a handy flash.Overall, it is a great phone for anyone who doesn't like holding a tablet-like phone! It's got everything you need and an expandable memory slot!

I'd like it so much. But in the box its not comming the earphones. So, in this case i'm very dissapont

I love this size of phone!! It's perfectly suitable for me! The phone is easy to handle and I take it everyday! However, the plug's charger is not the universal one used in USA. You should use a convector to charge the phone.

Totally love this phone. Love the white mostly. Had it for about 5 months now. No complaints. I since then ordered another one too. Fast delivery.

This is a really nice device, works very well and i love the features. i have no complaints. i even upgraded to the big model

It's a nice phone, not to big but very efficient and meets most of my expectations,the price is fine for this smart phone

I received this phone via quick shipping - was excited to get it after work. I called my phone company to have number switched over powered phone on and plugged it in and went to bed. The next morning, the phone was powered off. Once i got it powered on, it showed only about a 70% charge. I didn't think much about it, and went to work. Phone worked fine, but that night plugged it in and again it shut off during the night. I tried emailing seller with slow response, and finally found number off Google and called the seller and they sent me a new battery and charger. Again, fast shipment - but didn't solve problem -plus once batteries died completely they would not charge, rendering my phone useless and locking all my data/info on phone :( Called them again and they offered replacement or refund. I took refund and ran. Mailed phone with delivery confirmation and receipt but even though I had record they received the phone, it was still several days after the &#34;normal refund time&#34; before I contacted seller again by phone to get response of &#34;our refund department has been down, but it will go through today.&#34; Finally got money back the next day....

I ordered it for my mom and she is happy to have it now. It came with the european outlet (I didn't know it), but it is exactly the same that I needed!The phone is light weight and the display is bright. Good price.

buen producto

I thought I was in love with this phone but after having the phone for only 5 days and having it active (I had to order a sim) for 2 it's now saying that there's no sim when there clearly is. I'm so upset behind this bc I'm not sure if it is in fact a defective phone or sim! However I will say before this it was a great phone

I was happy with this purchase. I had no issues or problems with this phone whatsoever. I was definitely impressed.

Dear,I am very upset about that purchase,  is a used phone and I bought like new.The phone does not works, and is not original.That is a very disgusted experience and anybody give a solution.

a excellent product......the phone is beautiful......pack beauty ......I love it so muuchthanks you very muchgood bye

Samsung mini is Just What I wanted! I Highly recommended it, is not too small either big, S3 in  the size that I want

It is a great phone. Here are some highlights:- It has a regular size SIM card, therefore no need to cut it. When you travel abroad usually you get a local regular size SIM and save on roaming.- it has a beautiful screen, just the right size. I wish Galaxy S3 had this screen because the one it has is way too big and can't be operated with one hand.- Battery life is impressive, with just the voice and WIFI turned on it managed to run close to 4 (four) days on one charge. You can see that complaining on short battery life is not productive at all since it is not just phone's fault. There are many factors that contribute to short battery life: wireless coverage in the area you live, whether you have all possible social gimmicks turned on that keep draining your battery, running apps in background that are poorly written and waste CPU cycles, amount of time the screen is on and so on.- Jelly Bean is easy flowingI am not a app junkie and mostly use the phone as a phone with occasional use of apps when I am in WiFi hotspot range.By achieving 4 days on a charge with no wireless data on, tells me how power hungry 3G and wireless data can be, and multiplied by horrific cell coverage, where instead of 5 towers we have just  one, blasting at full power, we get this sub par battery life on the smart-phones.  I believe LTE should be worse and drain you battery even faster, just in stand-by. Therefore we should blame the carriers and not the phones in 98% of the cases.Hope this review is helpful. I am happy with the phone and would recommend it to my friends.

very good phone, very fast to process what is asked, good storage capacity, I like the size and design .... elegant versatile with many tools to stay connected always charm me ..... .... thanks good care

my total storage is 4.54G and it says in the description 1G RAM and 8G memory. the item wasn't as descried

It is light, it is nice, it works great!Everything I was expecting from this cell is what I got.  I am really really happy with this item.

Awesome phone trimed my sim n using it with t mobile android works perfectly no freezing and comes with us charger.

the cellphone came perfectly, everything works rlly good, it works with movistar in Venezuela, the only 2 bad things i saw, its that it doenst have the choise of spanish language (but i know english so its ok) and that  the power charger doesnt work for me and it does not either with the adapter (that came in the box), so I had to buy an usb power charger in order to charge my cellphone, but the rest is rlly good

nice phone nice price deadline time excelente came with everything as posted very happy with my purchase just gave  it to my daugther and she is a happy campper

The phone arrived in time and in excellent conditions. However, the item description is inaccurate, this cell phone does not have NFC.It appears that the NFC version is only available in the UK so far.Thanks,Juan Martin.

I had to return this techy item because it is too confusing for this senior citizen. I have no one to show me how to use.

very good, this product is fine, you buy right now ! I used y like me, I say to buy soon

It's compact, durable, an ultimate resource to my daily life functions. I love this phone. I cracked the LCD screen on my last one and order the exact one right away because I love it so much.

i love this phone and i actually got another one in red because my daughter liked mine so much i found another one at a great deal refurbished and got it.would recommend this phone to otheres

So far it's great.I like it.I'm still getting familiar as I discover more and more apps and nifty and useful services .

Last for 1 year and the battery died. Other then that, its a good phone.

My husband and I ordered two phones to use with a non-contract phone provider, Pure Talk.  The phone arrived quickly as estimated.  Be prepared to change the set up to English and download a manual from an online source.  After using it for two weeks, we have not complaints and are pleased with the Seller and the phone quality.  At this early time, we would recommend the Samsung to anyone searching for these features and a reliable phone.When the smartphone has paid for itself next year after what we've saved for the cost of a 2 yr. contract, we will be very, very pleased.

exelent!!  :D ..

This phone does not provide a high speed data connection on the lyca network(t-mobile mvno) despite the fact that it does support the hspa 1900 frequency which is what t-mo supposedly provides 4g service on in refarmed areas. I am in Dallas which is a refarmed area. So either the phone sucks or t-mo sucks or both. I've seen a few reviews where the authors have tested this on the t-mo network and state that high speed works. These are the lucky ones, obviously I am not. Buyer beware.4/27 Edit: I am not in a t-mobile refarmed area so this phone cannot provide me high speed on the 1900 band. That said, I am dropping my review to 1 star. This phone has more dropped calls and zero bars than our 19 buck BLU Zoey. We have returned it.

Just the right size phone.  It's about the size of an Iphone 3g.  Which in my opinion was a perfect size.  All the manufacturers keep pushing huge screens and larger phones,  i bet if people had the option to choose the Galaxy S3 or S3  mini side by side at a store, most people would choose the mini.  Only complaint is its German spec,  so the charger was a german plug.

I got this phone for my daughter and she absolutely loved it. She kept it by her side at all times and never complained about it once. It makes a great gift.

There were several problems with the phone package as I received it: both the Quick Start Guide and the phone itself were in Romanian and the charger is for European outlets. I logged into the US support site for Samsung to download the Guide and the User Manual and found out that this phone is not supported by the US site. As I was not familiar with the phone, I thought of sending it back but then tried the UK Samsung site and was able to download the manuals in English. As I was unable to located a European-to-US adapter locally, I ordered one online. When I received it and plugged in the charger, I found out it did not work. I do not want to have to charge my phone through a computer all the time so I managed to find a charger with a US plug that works. Had I been warned that this phone is not intended for the US market but with a little work can be corrected, I would have given it a four-star rating because it would have been my choice to put in the extra effort. Had it been packaged for the US market and everything worked, I would have given it a five-star rating because for my needs, this is a perfect phone.

I LIKE THIS PHONE BECAUSE SOME OF MY FRIENDS HAVE IT AND IT IS INCREDIBLE THE CAPACITY AND THE VARIETY OF FUNCTION THAT IT HAS. IT WAS RECOMMENDED TO ME BY MY HUSBAND AND FRIENDS

I know the going trend in phones is to have one the size of Zack Morris's from &#34;Saved By the Bell&#34; but I don't want something the size of my head against my face while I talk.  I just wish Samsung had offered this version in the U.S. I don't really watch movies on my phone, but if you do, you may want to go for the full-sized Galaxy.  This phone more than works for my purposes and the images are clear.  I use it mostly for music, other apps, games, and reading the news.  If you have somewhat basic needs (not a heavy gamer or movie watcher) this phone will probably work for you.

Everything has met my expectations! I'm happy with my purchase. Will definitely purchase again in the near future! Thank you.

I can't tell whether or not the phone works perfectly or not , because the charger doesnt work, i have requested one since i purchase the phone and was told i won't be able to get a replacement that i need to buy another one.

i like it very much but some times i have to reset my phone because my phone lost the signal

Good night .. the day May 25 with phone purchase order number under which 002-7356943-4220246 said it was a version in international and important as it was released which reached my hands the phone did not bring the bands of paid networks which has been a challenge for me because I do not get who can make me that job and lq I really think a lack of respero in their descriptions say one thing and resolved to send another'm very unhappy with my purchase is the first time something like this happens to me if you want you can check my historiial purchase and you will see that are infinities in which he had never done any hope or claim please contact me and he can give me some solution ... thanks

Its ok but could be better.I was blackberry and moved to android. Its a huge difference at the beginning I didnt want to leave my phone alone not even for a minute.After using it, getting familiar with it and trying to exploit it, I find that I like it, but dont love itPROSGreat screen resolution ,great for watching videos, photos, etcAndroid OS , very flexibleCONSFront camera doesnt have flash , its annoyingAfter downloading a bunch of apps , it gets slow sometimes..

After a couple of months battery was loosing charging capacity, I was thinking that I damaged or came defective, but after talk to at least 10 differents users, all of them experienced same situation about battery capacity. I wont buy again a Samsung product.

Got the phone for my wife and she loves it.she can't stop using it, downloading apps and 4G system is greatOur data plan is working perfect with the phone system.

I dont like this phone. It not the same as the other samsung I had. Drop call and text often

Works great, I received in very good conditions... as a note this phone is an European one, but it comes with the required adapter for the charger...I have a T-mobile line and works fine

The battery was dead and needed to be replaced. The operating system had to be reset and updated. It was a bad choice.

The phone is new and it shows. Even though it was in Spanish when turned on,  it just took about 2 minutes to transfer it to english

Good device. It came as it was supposed to. I recommend it.If you are buying one this the place to do it.

smooth packet received by the shipping house,antemanos thanks excuse the delay to evaluate their performance, I hope to be successful

I've been using the phone for several days and I have any complaints! Its really a good product! thank you!

Love this phone. While obviously not as powerful as the bigger versions, it still functions well. If you want a Galaxy but don't want to spend big bucks, this is a great phone to have.

I like this phone. It really is good in my opinion. I like how it is small. I also think that it's a great cheaper alternative to more expensive products out there. I've had it for a couple of weeks now and I do enjoy using it.

It is a very nice our new cellular, very pleased to choose this phone, right brand and nice model for our new android

de verdad verdad que este telefono no cumple mis espectativas, no es lo que yo esperaba, tiene mucho plastico para el costo, la bateria no dura tanto si usas muchas funciones juegos videos fotos intenet wifi entre otros, cuando no uso mucho me dura hasta la noche, cambia mucho de 3G a H y creo que cambiar tanto gasta bateria. pero si me sirve para llamar jejejereally true that this phone does not meet my expectations, not what I expected, has much plastic for cost, the battery does not last long if you use many functions wifi intenet videos photos games among others, when not much use to me lasting night change much from 3G to H and I think both consume battery change. but if I used to call lol

El producto funciona correctamente, lo probe para movistar y claro en guatemala y en ambos anda sin problemas, tengo alrededor de dos semanas con el y todo perfecto

a

I had a full-sized Galaxy.  Only thing I didn't like was the size.  So I ordered this one.  Seems it doesn't respond quite as quickly as my full-sized one.  But it came with a lot of apps active.  As I clear them all off, hopefully I can speed it up.

It's a beautiful phone in a perfect size, not too big for your pocket or purse, fits comfortably in the hand. Screen is beautiful, colors are rich, size is perfect. Works right out of the box.

glad i got the phone only problem the charger for the phone  does not work i got it and the charger does not charger the phone that'S the and part but the phone works well

EXCELLENT CELL. I recommend it. I can say that is one of the phones more competitive in the market. GOOD TO YOU FROM YOUR MOBILE NAVIGATION

This phone is an excellent product, has a practical and functional design features, already one year in use and works perfect for Movistar in Venezuela,

I paid extra on Thu pm to get the product on Saturday. I received it on Friday. The manuals are all Eastern European, and so is the power plug. It will come in handy when I next travel to Europe. This is not my first Droid, so I have plenty of plugs and know how to navigate. It might not be ok for a new Android user in the US. Phone is great! Took it hiking and GPS lock is much faster than on my old. Impressed with battery so far (Compared to my S1).

I like it very much.I quite like the s voice function and it's easy to useI will recommend this to my friends.

It's what the descriptions says, great product, very light, battery not so good but you still can buy a replacement, and works excellent in Venezuela, recommend, everything perfect up H +, it is very comfortable, has the right size, very good

I bought this to replace a slightly senile vintage HTC smartphone, and I wanted something that would sync with my Fitbit One. While the Fitbit sync is a bit unpredictable as the phone isn't on Fitbit's "officially supported" list, the phone itself is fine. There isn't a whole lot to say about it apart from that. If you want a Samsung smartphone that runs Android Jellybean, that is a reasonable size, this is a good choice. If you really want the 5" screen, you won't want this as it's closer in size to older smartphones.There are a few things you need to be aware of if you plan to use this phone in the USA or Canada. First, it boots up in German, and it took me a bit of random tapping to find the Locale settings to change it to US-English. As soon as I got that over with, it hooked up just fine with my US carrier after (obviously) moving the SIM card from my old phone to my new one.Another thing is the charger -- it's a European style plug, not US. However, it comes with a regular USB cable, so you can connect it to your computer to charge, or to any 110v or 12v USB charger you happen to have lying around. It also doesn't come with a user manual, although you can find the PDF version by searching the web.Finally, although the phone is unlocked and will work with any GSM carrier, if you're looking for 3G data speeds this phone may not support the 3g channels your network uses. If you must have a 3g compatible phone, buy one from your carrier; if you just need one for voice calls, it will work fine on any GSM network.There's a good selection of "aftermarket" roms and modifications available if you're inclined to root your phone. Obviously this voids your warranty, and it isn't something you should attempt without at least some technical savvy and the awareness that you may "brick" the device or lose settings and data if you mess up.Bottom line: If you're looking for a small, reasonably priced smartphone that doesn't tie you to a specific carrier, this one's a good bet.

Customers should make sure they inspect this type of item carefully to make sure all areas of the digitizer work. The product was as a default phone, which was the digitizer on the phone that cause lower left hand side of the phone difficult to use.I like the features of the item and the advancement of Samsung technology phones.I dislike that the digitizer on the phone was difficult to use on the keypad. I use the item VERY carefully to make sure I did not damage or destroy the item because of how much money the item cost me, I also purchase accessories like the phone case and the protective screen to protect the item as best as possible.I have used similar item like the ipad tablet 2 and blackberry phones that I have now and in the past. The quality of the item was above my expectation until I notice that the digitizer on the phone was faulty.

Purchased this phone unlocked thinking that I would get a brand new phone from Samsung. Turns out I got a used phone from Orange (a French provider). It even had some apps installed from the previous person owning it.Condition said: New but got used.This is unacceptable business practice. I will NOT use this seller again and I would not recommend anyone using it either.The Phone itself works for my intents and purposes but nobody likes being sold "used" when the buyer expects to get new.

i was using HTC one x (oh trust me that phone sucks), this lil brother of samsung G3 could fit in my hand perfectly(im a girl), good display. long- lasting battery.but no snap shots like most of the mainstream smartphones do(maybe i just didnt figure it out yet &#62;&#60;), the front cam is kinda disappointing :(  and IMP; don't forget to buy s sim card adapter along with this phone if your old phone used mini sim card. i spent an hour homemade a adapter for my atnt mini sim card to fit in this phone ;/Overall its a good cute smartphone :P

I purchase this as a gift for my wife's birthday. I was a bit skeptical about it since the menu was in french, did not noticed that this is an european version. But upon turn it on and spending time with it, it is a great little phone, I taught my wife how to use it and she is very happy with it. I could not find a case for it since this phone is not yet available in the US. So I had to come back to Amazon and order the case for it seperately. Other than the hustle of trying to find a case for it, this phone has been great. Overall good experience dealing with this vendor, plus great fast shipping, right on time as I expected it to be!

the phone samsung galaxy s3 excellent well is very good and useful images I love so much excellent video thank you very much

The battery stopped charging in one week. It freezes all the time and behave eratically. Bought if for girlfriend and she is very uhhappy with it.

excelente tlf much&iacute;simas gracias...contenta  con mi equipo agradecida...lo malo fue que de,oro muchisimo para llegar de resto todo muy muy bien...  tlf excellent thank you ... happy with my team grateful ... how wrong was that gold to get a lot of rest all very well ...

the phone is a rocket! fast and smooth, very practical. I'm enyoing it.... and very good-looking too!! great purchase i'm very happy with it

I'm satisfied with the product. It is fast, compact and has everything a smartphone should have. It is simple to use and the interface is very good. I highly recommend it.

Phone is ok, with manuals in some eastern european language.. battery lasts only 1 day though.. the rest is as expected. Was delivered on time and without any damage, as new.

I Live in Venezuela, and bought this phone and received yesterday but have a fabric defect and i cannot return it. :(  its the 3rd phone I buy and all has fabrics defect. only has one day of use :/

The phone received, present problems to charge the battery. I had to change the charger as it loaded very slow. I Run This, then turn off and not lit, take you to the sansung Venezuela and could not attend the team was rebuilt. I bring it to a repair shop they confirmed that they were rebuilt, they changed part of charge, worked 3 days and then returned to off. The seller Zaarn me shamelessly stolen, you do not buy this company.

todo sin contratiempo, excelente compra. gracias. no dudo en recomendarlos sin ninguna duda. llego muy rapido aldestino sin inconvenientes y

It was a gift to my sister and she love it, she didn't like the tactil screem but with this phone really change her mind, samsung has the best phone very useful with many applications specially free applications and very easy to use it

Great Cellphone, it's easy to use very friendly just plug and play.I Love this phone.Touch screens it is very sensitive.

excellent and very happy with the conpra thank you very muchrecommend that conpren as I iseand which is very easy beran conprar by amazom

I bought the phone for its NFC feature, and it did not come with it. I had to return it.Apart from this, the phone is excellent!

Good device.

This was my first purchase for this media and found that the procurement process is efficient, also i emphasize that it guarantees 100% what they offer ... Regarding the product itself, obviously I loved it because it was what he wanted. The recommend is safe and efficient

I love it,...

The phone has worked for 4 days and not isn't coming on, changed the battery and it still isn't coming on. I will be returning it to.

Very good, is a Samsung !!!

excelent product

Nice cell phone

The performance of the phone is very good, and the battery life and speed of navigation. Its size is ideal, can carry comfortably in his pockets. It was definitely an excellent choice

The shipping was on time, but the phone was previously used, or the box was opened previously. I could notice some fingerprints/dirt/the scratch resisting stickers moved slightly.I am returning the product.

i cant even figure out how to use this phone is thought it would work for verizon but i dont even know how to get it to work period cuz you cant make ne calls from service providers to walk it through very dissapointed

excellent cell phone ..!very fast, the design is quite nice and the size is perfect ..I give it 5 stars ..!!

I love this phone! it arrives perfectly!!!!!... it woks in Venezuela with movistar and others... I recomend this phone!... buy it!

Excellent product, very fast and it comes with real 4.1 android OS, and HSDPA 900/1900/2100 bands, in my case my seller was BLUTEKUSA they did a real good job sending me a phone able to work in my country (Venezuela) Btw it doesnt work to digitel 3G I dont know why even when the phone has 900mhz 3G band. but work very very well with movistar and movilnet

muy bueno ....

I was considering buying iPhone 4s with the budget I had but then, I came across Samsung SIII mini. U.S. version is not available in the States. So, I ordered the EU version rather hesitatntly. My phone was delivered in time and packaged in an excellently ( rather extravagant ) manner. The phone is awesome to use. I use the iPad 3 and iPod touch 3rd generation too. Just like Apple's wonderful App Store, the Google Play Store hasn't let me down. The touch screen is amazing and the Android s/w is seamless. In short, i am in love with my Samsung S-III mini :)

I love the phone... it is much better then any iphone....samsung is the best. The camera, resolution, apps, internet... etc..

charger does not operate

You can actually read about the whole specs in another reviews; all I have to say is this phone works flawless in mi country (Venezuela.- Movilnet operator) and I had no problems at all with the shipping despite the Holiday Season. Horray for the seller :-D

This is a very nice hand set and a signifigant improvement on my last phone. I have had good luck surfing behind the first wave of early adopters and buying there equipment when they go to the next shiny new thing. This is in very good conditon and I loaded up my apps with no issues.

is an excellent product has very good size, excellent Android, its color is very beautiful, which can improve is the battery lasts very little, has very good resolution and is very comfortable

I bought this for my husband and it's really worked out great for him.Pros:Small - it can easily fit in his pocket. He didn't want one the size of the regular galaxy because it was just too big for him.Thin and sleekEasy to figure outFastTakes GREAT picturesBattery life is greatCons:The speakers are not greatThe manual and paperwork was in GermanThe manual being in German was not that big of a deal; it's a pretty simple phone. I would buy this phone again and recommend it.

the present failures phone:1) pin load (I can not charge the battery)2) does not accept memorycontact the store and I still do not solve the problem, the phone was not used, ask for money or replacement of the equipment is returned.I've waited a long time to resolve and I have not received positive response from the store.I ask once money back or replacement phone in excellent condition.

Been using this phone for a month now. It's a neat phone, good size. Only two difficult areas for me, the touch screen is a bit difficult to type without errors and the battery just barely makes it through the day. Other than those two things phone is good and price is right

Great stuff, excellent performance and work perfectly with my carrier (Movistar) in Venezuela. Really amazing work with android os, faster and easy

Purchase: Excellent! Delivery: just in time! Price: Ok! The just consideration: My wife don't sling off from the device and I'm a bit jealous.

I bought a Samsung S3 Mini form this vendor as a new phone and they sent me a Refurbished used with none original parts and accessories! It took me 30 seconds to realize this and return their stuff ASAP.

I purchased this brand new Samsung smart phone in October. It's just running for 2 months, then die. I suspect battery is bad. I believe the problem is poor QC from Samsung. I have used SONY smart phones during past 3 years, including models Xperia SK17 and LT-22i, in which I never experienced any problem. I recommend you go for SONY if you want get a unlocked smart phone.After another 1.5 month, the charger for smart phone is not working for no reason. I have to purchase another generic charger. Overall, bad quality control of is the reason.

I fell in love with this phone from the moment i opened the box. Its not too big, and easy for my small hands to handle. I'm genuinely impressed with this product and its exceptional features.

The cell I dropped to the floor and the screen was scratched across. NOT AMOLED!!!!!I am very disappointed with my purchase.try to return it and could not.

When i got this phone i used to have a Iphone 4.  I am so happy with my new phone.  the only way I will go back to iphone is if they have something totally different OS and better than it have right now

This Smartphone is very good.Has everything you want.Price was cheap,onlything I did not like is you need to charge battery every day.

This product came in just as it was described. Perfect condition. The product arrived quickly with easy instructions. It worked from the moment I've started it and I had no issues with it so far. Just great!

I have bought this phone to use with Straight Talk. It was mostly a positive experience.I bought a SIM card through Straight Talk website (ATT-card, not Tmobile one), installed it, activated it (again, through website) and I was ready to make calls.One issue that I came across and why I'm taking away one star. At first I didn't have 3G connectivity (only E). Hours with Straight Talk shoot-me-in-the-face-customer-support didn't help. Restarting the phone, entering and re-entering all the settings - nothing got it to work. If you are having the same issues:-go to settings>more settings>mobile networks>network mode-switch to GSM or WCDMA (not auto) (it will ask you if you want to turn off data to do it, say ok)-switch back to Auto mode-if that doesn't change your data to 3G or H do it a few more times.After a couple weeks the problem may return - you will be stuck with E (EDGE). All I can do is to keep following the same procedure.Other than that the phone is great. Tons of apps on google play, amazing screen contrast and resolution, perfect size, and since it's not the top model anymore - affordable price. Definitely recommend.

Just the cellphone is perfect for that price, the s3 mini is a great &#34;cheap&#34; phone, really, but mine came with some technical problems:1. Neither the usb nor charger that came in the box works at all, i had to buy another one2. It came without headphones3. The pc don't recognize the phone by usb4. I tried like 10 times to root it, but it was imposible

This is my second ever smart phone, my first being the Verizon LG Lucid, which I truly loved. What I didn't like was Verizon. So I had to find a new phone. I was going to get there full size Galaxy S III but the size was so big, I had a hard enough time adjusting to the size of the Lucid, the mini is almost the exact same size as the LG Lucid.Let me tell you, I love this phone, the picture is so much clearer on this phone than the Lucid, and the colors WOW. I do not watch videos on my phone. I play a few games and text and make calls so I am not a heavy phone user. The biggest complaint I saw was the battery draining down to fast. I have not had the issue at all. I have to try and drain the battery. It will go a good 24 hours and only takes a few hours to charge (I plug it in around midnight, it will be down to about 15%, and it is done charging by 4 am) I do plug it in every night. But then I wasn't expecting the battery life of a non smart phone. I am sure as I figure out more of the phones features that I will it even more.The one down side that just can't be avoided is that the directions and the language on the phone was in French, this is an international phone and not sold in the US, so I was expecting this. I was able to Google how to change the language to English and down load an English version of the users manual, so it was easily over come.I am using this phone on a straight talk plan, on the east coast of the US and it works great so far!Overall, I am very happy with this phone, it meets my needs and then some.

i was beyond impressed  it works finegot it in the box as statedscratch freei jus looove it

A YEAR AGO A BOUGHT MY SECOND SAMSUM MINI S3 BACK IN VENEZUELA, IT STARTED TO HAVE PROBLEM RECENTLY, I WENT TO SAMSUM COMPANY TO GET HELP, AND THEY SAID THAT MY PHONE IS A FAKE, IT MEANS THAT THEY CAN NOT HELP ME TO REPAIR IT BECAUSE IT IS NOT AN ORIGINAL SAMSUM TELEPHONE, SO THEY RECOMENDED ME TO GO TO SOME OTHER PLACE.  HOW CAN IT BE POSSIBLE? I TRUSTED AMAZON TO GET MY PRODUCT.. HOW CAN I REQUEST AN EXPLANATION FROM SELLER? WHAT SHOULD I DO TO GET MY PHONE REPAIRED.. I PAID FOR A SAMSUM, NOT FOR A FAKE COPY.. I NEED HELP TO SOLVE THIS AOUT I HAVE THE BOX AND THE INVOICE AND IT SAID THAT IT IS A SAMSUM, BUT NOW IT IS NOT.

I love this phone. What I don't love is all the sellers that list them as unlocked or able to use on any GSM network. It took me buying and returning 3 phones and a lot of researching on the internet on my fourth one to be able to use multimedia services. But if you are lucky enough to get one that is truly fully functional then you will love not having a mini tablet in your pocket. It doesn't have all the functions of the full size S3 like S Beam but I don't do all that stuff with my phones anyway. It still has lots of cool features.

I bought this phone for a friend.He was very happy with the phone and recommends it for others too

Excelente tel&eacute;fono! Lleg&oacute; a tiempo y en perfecto estado, todo super bien. No lo cambio por nada!Desde Pzo Venezuela.

This is a great smartphone!  I use it on T-mobile's network, and it works very well.  Reception is clean; all the apps, bluetooth and other features work flawlessly.  I took it into the local T-mobile office to ask about hooking it up, and it caused quite a stir among the staff, who had never seen an S3 Mini before, just the S3 regular.  They all liked it too.  The size is a good compromise - not so large as to be lugging around an ipad mini that doesn't fit in your pocket, yet good readability for most purposes.

This is a very good phone. The phone came in time and it was what I expected. It does work with any international sim card. It came sealed and completely new.

Good phone for kids. Not as updated as the larger model but has all the bells and whistles that the kids want.

Never could get the words to be in english. the words was in greek, spanish or chinnese or something but not english.

funciona perfectamente en venezuela con movistar y movilnet. me fascino es perfecto lo amo

The team meets my espectivas obtained, since their functions are quite manageable, and satisfy the need to agree to the request, recommend

The phone works fine except that it makes the ear piece look bad because the slot doesn't work properly. I have to push it really hard down and hold it there to hear full sound and if not, i'll just hear sound in one side but very faintly; then Google voice search annoyingly continues to pop up on it's own. The battery runs down quickly but I guess that happens according to the apps i downloaded but idk I just wish I could delete some useless apps the phone comes with. Sigh.

i like it very much, the same as it describing online

I bought this for my wife as she doesn't like huge sized phones. She is very happy overall with the phone.It has very good balance of 4&#34; screen, powerful 1GHz dual core processor to power the screen and good sized battery.

this product its not original, you send me a cellphone with parts made in china, i bought a Samsung with original parts, and you send me a chinesse version

It comes with 4.2.1 Android Jelly Bean. Easy to set up, International Unlocked Phone. It works with 3G 900 mhz frequency (Digitel Venezuela) and others mobile phone operators such as Movistar and Movilnet. Battery does not last more than 6 hours working on 3G network, using apps and making calls over mobile network. But I think it's a nice device ... Thank you very much!

excellent product, what I asked was expected, a quality 100 % , quality at low cost, the finish is spectacular, I recommend this product

Nice phone. Had a few challenges at the beginning. Eventually it did recognize the network here and has been working well so far.

Small, easy to carry, lots of functions, love the android operative system, the color is something i don't like that much but of course was cheaper like this.

Excelent product and everything the shipment and the product everything on time. And the product work perfect.The company is very clear

everything perfect... only thing it that the phone is unable to install spanish language.. and i buy this for my mom...and she doesn't speak much english

Very nice brand new team in its case. 100% satisfied with the purchase. Unlocked H + and running on smoothly.

I suggest people not to buy this phone becuse it is very slow. My network is allowed me 3g but with this phone, i barely get network. Do not buy from the saler becuse when you want to return the product you will get charge restocking fee.

good night, these people are few inresponsables offering unlocked cell phones and that does so should not continue to punish working with amazon and scamming customers amazonI bought two mini samsumg galaxy s3 unlocked international version and the two get blocked by the firm are Telcel and now i lose money

Bought the phone as a present to my wife. Appears to be this is not a sim free phone!!!This is a Telcel phone and now I am struggling on how to operate it on my network, I have the message 'sim network unlock pin'  and have no idea on how to unlock it.

Shipping: Ordered Sunday, Shipped out on Tuesday, Arrived on Saturday.Setup: All I did was pop off the back, stick my T-Mobile sim card in, added the battery and it was at 50% charge. Pretty easy to setup by just following the prompts. If you are familiar with Android and Smartphones, it will take 3-5 minutes. If that.Phone: The phone (at least for me) is from Orange (France) and so most things were setup in French and European. You'll also get an European charger that came with an American adapter to get into the wall. I usually use the micro usb though so it's not a problem now that i have two of those now plus the wall charger.Overall: This phone feels kinda cheap but looks cool. It was super easy to set up and you can hardly tell it's "mini." Actually nothing about it really screams mini. It's just a smaller phone with some downgraded features for 50% less than the bigger version.

The phone arrived on time and was neatly packaged.I love this new phone as it fits right in my hand and very easy to use.

When I received the phone it worked fine, after updating software it did't read the SIM card! After reading some reviews it says is a problem that starts when the phone gets hot during the long time of the installation of the software.

ONLY VILLAIN OF THIS CELL PHONE THAT HE BUYS THAT IT WAS NOT COMING WITH SPANISH LANGUAGE COST ME TO CHANGE IT

excellent and is working very goodthanks you, i recommend to user to buy one like this oneyours FFFU

The mobile computer is genuine and is released, and is working well in Venezuela.It is a Samsung computer. Provider times fulfilled with entregta, especifiaciones presented and quality

Excellent phone to be a mini versionfast and light with a good processor for its functionsThe perfect gift for my wife

This is the third one I buy, one for a friend, one for a grandchild, and this one for my own use, and I love it; since this was my first android phone, I printed a manual, who's turned out to be good for nothing. I learned all by myself

Be aware of this phone model GT-I8190 is an international model number so if the phone brakes Samsung USA is not going to repair or replace the phone for you.  If the phone brakes during the first three months, you can return it to amazon but if brakes after 3 months you have to report the problem to Samsung and they are not going to fix the issue for you.  In summary,  Amazon should not allow re-seller to sell international phones to US customer!!!Sumsung USA warranty does not cover international pnones models GT-I8190

hangs too and gets very slow and that it only downloaded 4 applications and still has most of the full report

El mejor tel&eacute;fono en la actualidad. Recomendado 100% la tecnolog&iacute;a es espectacular y el dise&ntilde;o es &uacute;nico. . No tengan duda en cambiarse Samsung y android

Everything is fine except the wall charger that didn't work at all. Came on time with no delays. Overall it's a nice phone.

Very good device, but does not match your original pair SIII, constantly inhibited. Its advantage is the size and has most of the advantages of SIII ignoring its power and versatility.

Great looking phone. Great call quality. 5MP camera takes great picture.One problem is that the phone turns off while charging/after charging. First I thought that after the charge is full, the phone turns off for some reason. So, I tried turning off the energy savings feature but that did not make any difference. Later noticed that the phone even turns off when the charge is not even full like at 70% full. This is a problem because I have missed a few reminders due to phone turning off by itself while charging. I may also miss some important calls. Until I find a solution to this problem, I am giving the phone a 3 star rating.

This pro. All other customers should know that is excellent I have not had any problems and that the care is very good. I have used similar products but this is excellent and. this product is above my expectations. for all that I want to highly recommend both the company and Amazon that have fully met and I have received my product with high qualityduct is excelent . i bay it because my mother have and is very good 100% recomendad than you for you attention

I love my phone!!! It is everything I wanted in a phone. It has all the specs and size I wanted

The back cover comes with an &#34;orange&#34; company logo. Also a lot of pre-loaded apps and an &#34;orange&#34; boot-up software.This was not advertised. Pics of the product didnt have such a logo on the phone.Otherwise, great phone

I got this phone for my younger brother and he is amazed. I ended up ordering a second one for my dad. It works perfectly in my home country (Venezuela) he had no issues at all.

It is a good mobile. Maybe con be better with more tha 1.0 ram memory. But work very well. So far so good

100% Recommended. arrived in good condition and works great. is lightweight, easy to handle. nice, do not know what else to say without words, I recommend

I bought this about five months ago and it has been fairly good though it freezes sometimes. I do not use battery-draining apps like Facebook on it yet the battery has been getting worse by the day. Five months later, the battery hardly last more than a few hours if I use it for basic functions like checking mail. I wouldn't advise anyone to buy this phone, honestly.

This phone does not, I repeat, DOES NOT work with 3G in Mexico.I changed from my Iphone s4 to this lousy cellphone in the hopes of getting something different apart from Apple..Now I still have to pay my monthly plan with the phone company and not be able to use what I'm actually paying for... which is 3G....Huge disappointment.

Great phone and works as described

good qualiy very fast shipment. love the phone. came in a original box. brand new, works great just like its bigger brther S3

me encanta este tel&eacute;fono para empezar su tama&ntilde;o lo hace practico me gusta el dise&ntilde;o es muy estilizado y las lineas son muy org&aacute;nicas sus m&uacute;ltiples funciones lo hacen lo hacen perfecto para mis necesidades y me encanta su c&aacute;mara en un 9.9 de 10 lastima que  no tenga la luz led de notificaciones pero solo por ese detallo todo es perfecto

The phone arrived in good condition. The phone lit perfect, but the phone is finished charging, and lit no more. Send to review the phone and no repair. I am very disappointed, I rate it as a bad product. I lost my dollars and shipping charges.

i brought this item for $197.** just because it said it had 1 year limited warranty at the time,now they r saying it was packed and sent by amazon, and amazon people say they can give only 80% of my money back.i opened it the first month to see if it will work on gsm, it worked fine.then i went India and checked if it was international unlocked version, it worked fine until 5-6 days, then came back to US and its been only 7 days it started showing glitches. the screen goes off when i try to touch to select an operation, or screen goes dark and bright stripes while browsing..also the device never connects to wifi, keep on searching for hours.i cant hear voice clearly while on call, lot of glitches and problems with the devicenow if i want to return it i will get 80% refund, after all the mail charges i will get only 50% of my money back.i tried to save $50 by buying here and lost $100 and brought a crap.

THIS PHONE IS A GREAT PRODUCT, IS VERY FAST AND EASY TO USE.. I RECOMEND THIS PHONE FOR THE PEOPLE THAT SEARCH A COMPACT AND FAST CELULAR...

good phone but these sellers need to tell if its the i8190N version. second time this has happened to me with this phone and now i cant use the 3g where i live because the band is not supported

I don't have any complains so far, it arrived at the estimated time. Well packaged, it brings all its accesories. Works perfectly in Venezuela with Movistar. Just great and I'm happy with it.

Good design beautiful, fast and comfortable.  highly competitive with other smart phones on the market. I highly recommend it for any type of user

I'm satisfied with the pursashe of my new Samsung Galaxy III Mini.. The product came in perfect conditions to my hands

It is a great phone however it needs to be more clear as to what company the phone has been unlocked from.

Well I am pretty happy about my purchase.  Everything seems brand new and in working condition.  Most importantly it works in my Caribbean country , thus it is indeed factory unlocked.

Purchased it and it works perfectly. 5 stars! Definitely a upgrade from my previous phone. The Screen is clear and sensitive.

it's ok but it is not displaying my contact and i don;t know why

The camera focus is not right... I tried all configuration as possible but pictures still is not focused. What can I do?

I switched to this phone from My Galaxy S 4G,and i regreted so much. I live in New York City, and network connection frequently drops.Nobody mentioned it, but this phone doesn't have 4G.Even 3G or EDGE is not working properly.My service provider is T-mobile and i never had this problem with my Galaxy S.I used to connect my old phone to my pc and use it as Mass Storage Device..But in order to transfer files between your PC and phone, you have to install Kies which is very bulky.As someone said in the review call quality is very bad.This is definitely an overrated phone.Pros+Bright Screen+Multi tasking+Long Battery LifeCons-couldnt be used as Mass Storage Device-Not 8GB as it s mentioned, it comes with 4,5GB memory-Bad Call quality-MicroSD Card slot is under battery, so you have to remove battery first to get the card-weak 3G signal-Connection Lost+UPDATE+04.22.2013This phone s battery life really amazed me.It takes more than 10-11 hours eventhough i use it for heavy tasks.I think the reason is, it doesnt have 4G, because as far as i know 4G connection is just a battery drainer.

Works fine but the battery loses power real fast. Think you replace the old battery for the new as price inclusive.

The phone is Great! It was extremely easy to activate with my provider. I am very pleased with my purchase.

not receive the merchandise offered was received screen protective film, I demand a refund of the amount paid for the item

This probably deserves one star, but I'll give it two. This phone works, but it restarts every ten minutes or so, which is disruptive when I'm in class and annoying any other time. Also, sound never comes out of the right headphone with any pair of headphones. Don't buy this phone.

I love my Samsung Galaxy S3 Mini. Just make sure when you look for a case and screen protector it says &#34;MINI&#34; or you will do what I did and buy a regular case.

THAT WAS ALL WE CAN AFFORD TO PURCHASE. JUST US$300 A YEAR. SOSVENEZUELA  IT IS JUST A MATTER OF TIME. WE WILL BE FREE PRETTY SOON. THE WORLD WILL TELL

Its my lil new baby, very functional, as much as the normal galaxy s3, it doesnt has to much internal memory but any ways its a great smartphone, with the same things from the galaxy s3, in a mini version, really love it...

This product is the right size. Has everything on a pocket size phone. The only cons I found was that the languages I can change it to are limited.

I bought this phone as a replacement for my 18 year old daughter who's iPhone 4 was stolen. She went back to a feature phone for two months with the big sim before I got the Samsung Galaxy S3 mini. The big AT&T; sim works with the S3 mini so no trip to the AT&T; store. She loves the phone. It's hard to pry it from her hands. The screen resolution is good but not iPhone 4/5 or Galaxy S3/ S4 great. She has all the features you would expect as a front and back facing camera and plenty of storage for apps. She can add extra storage but so far it's not needed. She uses the Pandora app for music and can watch Netflix as well (why would you want to with that 4 inch screen.) She's got all her games and apps. Now here's the great part for parents.When I got my daughter the iPhone 4 I was FORCED to include a data plan with it ($30 extra a month on my bill.)  The Samsung Galaxy S3 mini it seems a data plan is NOT required. AT&T; has not identified this phone as a smart phone and therefore I'm currently not paying for data only 9.99 plus tax for the line a month. AT&T; will automatically identify a smartphone and charge a data plan if you do not have data plan connected to that sim used to activate most smartphones. The Samsung Galaxy S3 Mini is not one of them. When I look at my account at AT&T; wireless my daughters phone is listed as a generic flip phone.So how is she accessing apps? Through wireless. The Galaxy S3 mini can connect to wireless networks like our home.  Starbucks, McDonalds etc does not seem to work for some reason. She can only connect at home. Im not sure why but i bet it's a setting she's not doing properly. So she still uses data at home. Just not cellular wireless data. And I save $30 dollars a month and don't have to monitor her data usage. Only her talk minutes. We have unlimited text messages on our plan.If you have a teenager without a job bugging you for a smartphone and your on AT&T;, get the Samsun Galaxy S3 mini. We've had the phone for 3 weeks now. My new billing cycle starts today so I'll truly know if AT&T; added a prorated data plan but I don't think so. Outside if the home she has no data. I'll update this review if they do.

very interesting little phone just received it Thursday got to use it Friday still getting use to it but I just went from s2 to this so not much difference so far but I love the size of it. very vivid and bright colors love that. glad I purchased it.

It is work amazing with local phone operator; this unlocked version works nice and easy anywhere.Best performance and really good mobile phone.

Works perfect, it's unlocked like it says works for me in central America .. no problems with it, comes with everything...5 stars indeed

Nice phone but when I charge the battery it sometimes discharges the battery and is dead when I get it off the charger.  I called Samsung and they do not warranty it as it is an unlocked phone and was sold by Amazon.  Amazon would not do anything about it either and I have had it only 2 months.  I am very unhappy.  All I want is one that works.  I missed the return date by 2 weeks but never had an issue the first 30 days, it happened like 35 days after I got it and happens every week or two making the phone highly unreliable.

This phone was that I spected. Easy to use and configuration. it work well with diferents GSM cards. Well size an weight

I really love it. Before installing the apps just get review,  then install and dont do install any craps. Initial days, I ran out of battery But after I installed Advance task Killer app which kills unwanted apps runing behind screen on scheduled of every 30 mins. Now it is super super super!!! To get the good battery backup turn off the Wifi and mobile data when u really dont use it..

I've had my phone for a week now and i don't have any problems. Everything works perfectly. Definately a great buy

it is ok, was a present for some parents, thay are happy and me too, i see two factories differents on the box

It's a beautiful phone in a perfect size, not too big for your pocket or purse, fits comfortably in the hand.  Screen is beautiful, colors are rich, size is perfect.  Works right out of the box. Easy set up, once we figured out how to change the language from French to English.  The small user guide in the box came in French only. The battery charger is for Europe, so the Seller was kind enough to include an adapter for the states.  It came with a separate USB cable too. The speed is good for most apps, and more importantly, call quality is excellent, almost as though you were on a land line.  Samsung put in a 5mp camera, so pictures are okay, just don't expect it to replace your regular camera.  Using this phone on TMobile's network only gives you speeds on Edge, not 4G.  I use it mostly at work or home, where its connected to wifi.  Looking for the perfect phone?  This comes pretty close.

Exactly what I wanted. The size is perfect for me, the resolution is clear. Very good price and the features are not complicated for me. Works well.

GOOD AFTERNOON I WANT TO FILE A CLAIM, BUY A CELL PHONE GALAXY S III Samgsung MINI AND SENT ME A Samgsung S DUOS THAT IS LESS THAN YOU BUY, YOU EXPECT A PROMPT RESPONSE, CAREFULLY YOSTERVILLAMIZAR@HOTMAIL.COM

Seller was great, delivered on time, but phone had a issue 2 months after, and stopped to work. I am trying to find a way to repair it. once it does not have warranty in USA

Extraordinary phone, everything is attractive from the shape, size, weight, up your settings. your operating system is great, very fast. very good the application. excellent internal memory, very sharp pictures in very good order telefo at a great price

good attention, the product fulfilled with my expectations, not recommend it widely,I feel happy for my purchase,I hope your service remains so forever.

As for shipping: The team arrived in good condition, and quickly, well kept, but brought no wall charger suitable for a person who lives in Venezuela.Regarding the operation of the phone, came unlocked, so I could use my line, has acceptable performance, which is not hard drums, just 3 hours, so I have to load up to 6 times during the day, and I I found the problem ... eventhough the Samsung Galaxi Mini SIII coming for a 1500 mAh battery, the phone says it works for only 1000 mAh ... the problem is there, I think this team is designed poorly or simply not the original but the rest works fine.I do not recommend this seller!!

Came the phone and its accessories, but the charger does not work in my country. I can not find the adapter nowhere  ... I do not like! : (

This is the first time I have ever had a smart phone. I like it. It's easy to use. It seems to me, however, that the phone part is is the minimum part of it. I like the possibility of using all the communication apps as I learn about them, but in order to do it I feel like I have to put my whole life on public display. The gaming apps really don't interest me. You'll understand, I'm a third age adult. It seems to me that Samsung would have done well not to make all the pre-installed apps (particularly the gaming ones) permanent and irremovable seeing that many older working people really only want what they would use on their app screen. The great majority of the apps are just advertisements.They should all be optional.However, they didn't ask me.Having said that, I'm super happy with the combination of services that you use to have shipments arrive on time. Super good!

not unlocked. in Venezuela does not work with any telephone company. and the seller has not solved anything.when I got it set up and tested with wireless internet (worked very well), when delivered as it was for my mother's birthday did not recognize any simcard from the phone companies have. asks for a network unlock pin. THE PHONE IS BLOCKED

Great!

Price and Phone are amazing...love android and samsumg. Work perfect you can buy it with out any question. Fast and Confortable

This is the best purchase ever. Perfect size, color and you have everything you want in a cellphone and all of this for a very good price.

This brand new unlocked phone is really great, even though the battery runs out quickly (as one can expect from a small handheld device).

Nice phone, could use a better antenna. And hard to find acc. for the mini. But the phone it self I like.

Its an excelent phone...camera resolution is awesome, great memory, the size is perfect for pocket design...I really recomend it !!!

had phone less then 40 days ,now does not charge ,tried to return, they would not let me paid 187.00

excellent device ... I would like that for next to buy from you, you pack them in a box set of the product, because it was expensive to ship elsewhere. Thanks for your attention and good prices. I hope your answer to buy the other device soon (already add to cart)

Wonderful cell phone. It works well. I tried to use it in Bangkok, Thailand. I love  it.I will try to use it again in South East Asia.

Extremely happy with the phone!! Great value as far as price comparison. Would definitely recommend to all of my friends

I have a Normal version and now the mini version of this phone,the screen detail is great, the speed of the phone is not as good as the normal one, but still is really fast...Totally recommended.

the cellphone doesn't charge to 100% and off. Even that it's a good phone. One of the things that i don't like is that i can't move the apps to the memory card

I like this phone work so good have good signal , come with all the accessoriesthe seller offer I have no complaint about this phone , come new and seal

I bought the phone with SHOPBEST, the camera stopped working after 2 months. I try to contact shopbest but had no answer. Probably I know why after reading their return policies, they will only accept return items after 14 days and even if your item is defective they will charge you a percentage of the cost depending on you situation. Besides that, the phone its working ok

Bellissimo my phone is really more than I expected something great, beautiful, charming and exquisite and it is super  fast

This is a really cool phone with great features. I switched from a BB Bold and I'm liking the Android experience with Samsung. The contact display is good, the blocking mode to turn off message tones or incoming calls while you rest and the different listening options in music player are my favorites. The battery is also sufficient for a days worth of calls and applications.

The battery only lasts a few hours, the phone stays hot, and everything is in European mode including the charger.  That's right!  The phone came without a US charger that will plug into your wall. This is a real lemon of a phone.  Don't waste your money.  PS - the directions were in Rumanian!

It is almost perfect, except for the battery, that lasts not much than a single day (staying stand-by).Another point is that 3G signal doesn't work very well, don't know if it's phone's problem or the carrier here (and the signal strength at work).

The phone you buy unlocked clearly thought this time is that when trying to use is not compatible with any of the operators in my country (Venezuela) seems to me a lack of respect for these people who are not careful with the product you are finally dispatching. I lost my money with you irresponsible people.

Nice phone but always goes back to the last call when wanting to go to your directory it makes you start over.Maybe I just don't know how to use it it is a nice phone the volume is a bit weak.

Nice samsung phone... I love all the features, it works fast.. The only small problem it has is that the letters on the qwert keyboard are small for my fingers, so it is a little bit hard to type.  Other than that, it is great. Great camara, great apps, great everything

A very good phone. I recommended for young people. Very nice and powered. The phone have power and have a lots of things to do.

I loved the phone, however the plans make the phone worthless. Had to got back to a carrier, cause the service was too slow.

Finally someone thought that not everyone wants a phone the size of a notebook.This one has what you need and can fit in your pocket.

I don't know the phone was rob in the customhouse in Venezuela. Never send to me. But thank you for your atention

But turns out it's too small, way too small.Battery runs out quickly.I returned it, and now will try to pick a better alternative.

everything was ok, great phone, i had to wait a little bit to get it because i live in venezuela but it woth the wait, great gift to my mother, her first Smartphone and she love it

Thank you very much for the product was what I was waiting for only one thing with the device is that sometimes the volume of the sound is not very good rest everything else works great thanks

great !!!! no words enough to describe it,, nice elegant strong and korean... well made ,, its really worth the money i have paid

I love this phone. I had a blackberry before this and really needed to upgrade. It's the perfect size and price. The only problems I found so far is that it doesn't have the S beam to share files and it doesn't have LED notification lights for messages and things like that. Otherwise it's just  like its larger sibling.

The hardware was ok but it came in chinese copule no tu desgan&eacute; anything had to Pay to change it

thank you very much for your product that fast all excellent Greetings from Venezuela

Excellent product, 100% original. It's my first Android and I'm very happy, shame that the manufacturer shall not draw more OS updates. Thank you, greetings.

buy this phone but I went the wrong drive you samsung and tell me that does not guarantee it is Koriano. buy it at the end ofMarch

Until now very satisfied with purchase, phone covers my needs and for the use that I give this very well, the only thing missing split to give it 5 stars is the battery life. It takes much much half a day depending on the use. Otherwise I use simple applications and one other game, for me is more than sufficient, appropriately-sized!

The phone is great, but it came with a network lock for Telcel. I have had to work around unlocking it myself. It says factory unlocked international version. Makes me think you are getting phones from a Mexican Telcel company and selling them as factory unlocked. You should advise your users about this. Or at least lower the cost.

This  a nice and excellent smart phone for me, I like the design and color, and the functions also enough for me. The screen is good and easy to use.  Overall, I am satisfied with this smartphone and purchase price

Yes, it's a Samsung Galaxy but, I paid for this phone 399 $ on cyber monday last year and i kinda regret it.

I bought this product because of the features however i recently started to encounter difficulties with the battery and i only have the phone for 3 months which is not a good sign so I am monitoring this issue.

I'm not the least bit perturbed by the size. This is how a phone should look, and be. I love my mini, it is perfect for me. Cant get enough of it, and I love showing it off.I just have one problem though. I started using my S3 mini on August 27 and so far, the phone has shut off on me 3 times. The phone would be in my shirt pocket and when I pull it out to check something (because there is no notification light) I realize the phone is off. What's even worse, is that I have to do a battery pull to turn the phone back on. I have pressed the power button for extended periods and it still wont turn on unless I pull the battery: something I expect from a blackberry, NOT my NEW Samsung S3 mini. The battery would be over 70% and it still shuts down. I clear my memory, close my applications, and it still happens. For example, it shut off yesterday AND today.What exactly is the problem? Can it be fixed? Do I need to return it? Please let me know what can or should be done about this shutting off thing because, frankly . . . it is a drawback.Fix that problem, or tell me how to fix it, and I would give this phone 5 stars AND recommend it those who would hear.

Excellent phone, easy to use, good phone for the money. Both camaras works great and is very easy to navigate, the screen is sensitive enough for my taste and the size of the phone is also very good not too big not to small.

I dont have large hands or small hands, about medium sized. I was able to use this phone with one hand no problem which was a big plus for me, one of the only reasons why i didn't buy a full sized S3. I have tried many good graphics games and they all run fine but i do lag a little sometimes in contract killer 2. Aside from that, the only real downside that i can think of is that the screen is a little less responsive than my friends i phone 5's and galaxy S3's. (I would never buy an i phone anyways)

Craptastic phone. 1st day the touch screen decides not to respond.In the 24 hours it worked, it had lots of features and i am sure i would have learned the ropes with it but it is not nearly as intuitive as iPhone. Always seems to be an extra step or two more than with the iPhone.

I bought this to upgrade my daughter's unlocked Galaxy ACE ( 2011 ) android.  She uses the S3 Mini on the AT&T GSM network ( without a data plan, just WiFi for internet access ) and is very happy with the upgrade. Came with a European AC charge adapter that can't be used in the US - but the phone charges from standard micro-USB - so it is a don't care. Uses a standard GSM SIM card - another plus.

This phone is honestly not that different from the regular S3 that my husband has (except for the size of course but I see that as a plus). Yes if you check the specifications there are some differences...but it is still very fast and does the job fine. For it's price I think it is a great option.

I am a huge fan of Samsung and this phone has met all my expectations!  It is the perfect size!

It's my first smart phone.  So far seems good.  Nice size.  Not slow.  I would recommend this phone to a friend

I buy this phone for my wife. I already have the S3 but this phone cover all my expectations and give you more. Samsung do a very good job whit this mini.

I bought a Samsung Galaxy III off amazon. 369$ in December 2013. The phone arrived looking brand new with case and charger. When I took it to get activated, it did not have a SIMs card. upon further inspection, it did not have a serial number or the inside sticker and I was told it was probably stolen. Attempted to contact the seller, No response. I thought I was out the money, but luckily Amazon backed me and refunded the money. Be careful who you buy from..........FYI  the phone was available elsewhere for cheaper had I done a little shopping around....lesson learned.

excellent product, serious people, good business

Phone was a Chinese copy could not even update the Software desepcionada was really unfair purchase the first day I arrived I have turned off prendi

just one problem, mobile charger doesn't work.. the mobile is perfect.. it works on Digitel at venezuela.. thank you so much..

Five times I bought the same mobile for different members of my family.Very good device and high level of quality.International versions without problems with the connection locally.

it is a wonder cellphone. very soft and all programs so friendly, iam so happy whit my Samsung Galaxy S III Mini

Nice compromise for those who find the standard S3 too large.  Only problem is that the mini is an international version unavailable in the US, so it cannot be registered for warranty in the US ... or repaired in the US, and one cannot even obtain the operator manual on Samsung's US website.  One can, however, do all this on the UK site.  That presents a potential warranty issue logistically should the unit fail during the warranty period--experience with Samsung indicates that is unlikely.  Hasslefreecell's seller support on this issue was non-committal and unhelpful, if not misleading and certainly not hassle-free.  And Amazon's item description fails to disclose this warranty/registration/repair information upfront.  Ergo, I rate the product highly but ding the seller and Amazon.com for the way the product was advertised.

EXCELENT

This phone is excellent, my niece is full happy, buy it go for it with your eyes closed. Thanks for everything

It's a nice phone; great size (comparable to the iphone, but much thinner and lighter). The main issue I have is that I wanted a smartphone primarily for GPS navigation.The GPS can find my location (generally), but it cannot track my location and therefore cannot navigate. I tried screwing the screws in tighter, which is the solution that works for many other Samsung galaxy owners (why the screws aren't in properly in the first place is another question), but it does not work for me. Have tried many things but cannot get a lock on the satellites.

This phone is awsome, it has all the simople little specs that I need in a smartphone and its the perfect size to fit into my pocket, unlike the regular galaxy phones. My issues that I have is that it charges up REALLY slow or when I plug it up into the wall sometimes it doesnt charge at all or gets bricked wso I moswtly charge it up on my laptop. Also it doesnt have led lights so I have to consistantly check my phone to se if I have a new eail or text messages. Other than that its bang for the buck and itws everything that you would want in a smartphone. I highly recommend this product for someone that wants a smart, cute, and simple smartphone. &#60;3

The phone is great, but instructions came in Romanian and the plug is the European and not the American one  and it was difficult to get started with it.It got delivered on time.

this is a exelent sell, este es un muy buen vendedor lo recomiendo muyyyyy buenoooo yeayeaaayeaaaa...

So my only complaint is a simple one but it is important. I bought this phone for my mom in India and she can't make phone calls using it. She took it to someone there and they said it is locked. Since it clearly says unlocked so this is really disappointing.

good morning I am not satisfied with my order which I get the phone with the battery and damaged bed and did not work it seems a hoax because you pay it as a new phone and I will send the repowered exigo a response

the camera quality isnt too bad. its a good size. however it doesnt allow you to set a password, make photo albums, etc.

el telefono no me funciono pra nada la pantalla vino con defecto

i bought it to use in venezuela, its works very wells, its unlocked so i can use with any operator.

here in Venezuela excellent all well served in all telephones, if I upgrade international

My wife also has a BlackBerry that is leaving to use.It is a phone that fits your hand better than the Galaxy sIIISo far is working very well.

THis phone was not working from the time I received it.  The language was set in another language that I did not know therefore I had to find setting and change it.  The headset was not working at first and I had to be sent another headset.  Then the phone began malfunctioning where it was not charging properly.

I Do a buy a Samsung GT-i8190 Galaxy S3 Mini factory Unlocked WHITE 3G 900/1900/2100 International VerisonSold by Mobile Best Sellers ORDER # 102-2220171-4859424 receive the merchandise and I realize that NO ONE PHONE RELEASED ocntrario and so is the company &#34;Telcel&#34; so I inserted my sim card calls me a &#34;code network unlock sim &#34;code that did not come with the phone! How can we solve the problem? I need that code ...

This superb phone with many features is just right to fit into my jean pocket or in a small purse with ease. Since this phone has EXCEEDED all of my expectations, here is my very detailed review of this very special and fun to use Mini S3 phone. My goal in this review is to help in your buying decision one way or the other regarding this phone.Update 8/24/13 - Just received today, the newest firmware/OS for the 4.1.2 OTA (on my phone directly) as it was updated from Samsung and this is very new at this date of Monday, August 5, 2013 and arrived in my phone's Notification area today. After the upgrade completed, I noticed at once that this phone is lightning fast and the touchscreen is very, very fast and responsive! This is the THIRD update that I received since I purchased this phone in April 2013. Each update is not that large, however, it enhances the performance of this phone. Very encouraged as if the updates keep coming regularly, perhaps4.2.2 will be coming to the S3 Mini. And from my research, it is possible that the S3 Mini may receive the 4.2 OS but it will be a while longer...Till then, I shall keep on trying to update and keep you informed...PROS:- SIZE AND WEIGHT: Perfect size for me as it fits easily into my jeans pocket or smallest purse. And I purchased a leather vertical case that clips to my waistband so I take it with me to the gym to listen to my music or radio when I work out.- STANDARD REGULAR SIZE SIM CARD: The S3 Mini has a regular/standard Sim card slot. (Note the S3 regular phone and S4 phones accept a micro Sim. Good to know as I did not have to cut my Sim card, I just placed it into the S3 Mini and I was good to go, and I did not have to set up the APN settings for Internet and MMS as the setup did this for me automatically). This is good to know if you want to use your regular Sim card and not have to deal with settings yourself. What a great feature.- Phone call clarity etc. - No matter what my location using this phone for phone calls the clarity of calls is loud and clear whether on the phone's speaker, headset etc. I even had to turn down the volume quite a lot as the calls come in so well.- WiFi/3G (Internet): Connects to any WiFi I have tried very quickly and easily. And when not near a WiFi, I use AT&T; for data and easily get 3G and found the data to be very fast, almost as fast as my home WiFi is. (For browser, I installed Opera Mini free from Playstore and found it to be a very easy to use and fast browser).- Overall speed, performance, smoothness, picture quality of the screen--very fast and peppy. And I found a way to SAVE on both memory and on battery. What I did was to go into Apps/ Manage Apps and DISABLED the apps I don't use. Without rooting the phone, you cannot uninstall pre-installed factory apps, but you can disable them. Disabling the ones you don't use makes the phone run faster and frees more memory! Since I am a techie, I know which ones to disable and which ones not to disable, so if in doubt, please ask me in the comments and I will be glad to assist you in this.- BATTERY LIFE: This phone has given me the BEST battery life of ANY smartphone or that I ever owned. And I use 100% brightness. For me, even at 100 brightness, if I use WiFi or Data just when I need it and then turn it off, I get all day into the night on one single charge! (I charge nightly and the phone is at 100% ready to go the next morning).- EXTERNAL SLOT FOR MICRO SD CARD - This helped to sell me on this phone as I can add my personal music, photos, videos and more to this phone!And I placed a 32g in mine for music, files etc. *Keep in mind where External SD cards are concerned: They are JUST for your personal files: music, videos, photos, and other files. When you install apps from Playstore or other sources, they store either in INTERNAL Memory Card or sometimes in the phone area (most store in the INTERNAL SD AREA). This is the law of the land where Android is concerned and ALL newer Android devices (including Samsung) work this way when storing your downloaded apps are concerned.- INTERNAL STORAGE SPACE:This phone is advertised at 8GB of Internal space. The 8GB is the space BEFORE the drive was formatted, OS installed and then factory apps installed. So what I had on the phone BEFORE I installed any apps it had 4.75GB left. This is how it is on any flash drive, SD card, Hard Drive as formatting alone takes up space.Also, since 3.0 Android and above, you cannot save any apps to your personal SD card. Instead the apps are installed one way or the other to the INTERNAL SPACE. However, the good thing is that your personal files as photos, music, videos, and more can be installed to your EXTERNAL SD Card so you do have that space for yourself.**I have a few apps I downloaded from the Playstore, but no games so I still have about 4.08 GB left on my phone for more apps later should I wish to install them.- CAMERA - The 5MP camera concerned me that is UNTIL I took both indoor and outdoor pictures and even video. Well, I was pleasantly surprised. When I printed out some close up and other shots, I was really happy with the detailing in the pictures. And it compared to the picture quality I had with my Samsung Galaxy Note with 8MP camera, so what a happy surprise! Turns out to be a pretty good camera.- Bluetooth Speed and Performance - The Bluetooth paired quickly with several devices and copied files at a great rate of speed.CONS:- Adobe Flash is not supported in this phone or ANY ANDROID DEVICE after 4.0 OS. The only way to get flash is to get a archived flash and use a high end browser such as Puffin or Maxthon Browser. So downloading the older archived flash gives the ability to view SOME internet videos, but this is better than no flash at all. Keep in mind this is a problem with ALL brands of Android devices with 4.0 OS and higher it is just after 4.0 Android came out, the NEW and best flash is NOT supported for Android devices. It is what it is...- Very small instruction "manual" provided with the tablet, however, I went to the Samsung site and downloaded the full manual and saved it in PDF on my laptop for reading anytime I need it. If you want the link for the manual, let you know in the comments and I will give it to you.- This phone will NOT accept an OTG (On the go) USB plug for flash drives, mice, etc. This was not a problem for me, I just plug in the USB Cable to copy files to the phone. So no big deal.-- International Phone so NO US WARRANTY. Not a problem for me because I have learned over time that if a device is going to fail, it usually does it within the first 30 days. This phone has been great--no problems at all!-- No NFC except on the model with the N on the model number. I do not use NFC so I have no problem with that.Bottom line: Would I buy this phone all over again? Yes I certainly would. Will this phone be the best for you? Yes, if you do not expect every bell and whistle feature from the BIG S3, want just the most important features, want a smaller and more lightweight phone that will do all the basic things of a Smartphone, then I totally recommend this phone!Hope this review has assisted you and thank you for reading it. Please feel free to ask me any questions in the comment area and I will answer all questions in a very timely manner.

The battery for this phone was horrible. I bought this phone and carried for international travel. The battery takes forever to charge. And when it eventually gets fully charged, as soon as you take it off the chrger you see the battery bar start going down. And by noon your battery is dead. Of what use is a phone that cannot take you for just one day?

I didnt want a hugh or bulky phone and so the 'mini' S3 was perfect for me.  I got the full Samsung effect in my size

very good

It is a Great cellphone i Love it and it makes everything easy at least for me without any problem.

Al colocar la sim card se apaga el tel&eacute;fono, sigo intentando y sigue igual que puedo hacer? Me llego hace una semana a venezuela por eso reporto a la fecha.By placing the sim card the phone is turned off, and still keep trying like I do? I arrived a week ago that reported by Venezuela to date.

I bought this item less than two months and now the wifi is not working, it doesn't turn on, and also the cellphone turns off and on by itself. I am in Spain studying and now I don't know what to do, it will be very expensive send it back to the US. This is the worst buy I ever made.

i want to know how to return this product(s3 mini) its been giving trouble since about two days after i received it.the phone lock screen never sleeps its always up, the light is always on the screen the phone runs very hot and the battery does not last not even for 3 hours. need to return it ...help please.however the delivery was fast

I purchased this phone for my sister and it has been a great device so far, if you don't like to go for the big screen phones ruling the market now a days, this is the phone to go with.

hello! The phone works very good and it is perfect. The shipping and handle was on time, so i'm glad about that. There was little problem whit it.  It said unlocked,but it wasn't., in fact i had to paid around 200$ to get it unlocked, because i couldn't use it before that. So i would like to know if i can get a compensation for that much trouble.Thank you so much

the movil cel is excelent but inconform with charger, is not compatible the conector, i may to conect with another power line

I think the product is good so I rate well.I like the pattern is very cute.the product seems very good to my charming wife is happy with her new phone

Really good choice mobile phone, samsung represent a very powerful option to select a new machine for communication. Economic price,  for others phone

This phone has always been slow, and often loses service completely even in populated areas of major cities, where my work phone gets great service.It drops calls, internet access is slow, and text messages are occasionally blocked from being sent due to lack of service.The service provider (T-Mobile) hasn't been able to help, blaming it on the fact on this being an unlocked device.  Samsung refuses to help also, stating the issues are due to this device is not built to operate on US cell phone networks.Contacted the seller about the warranty, which they told me expires after 3 days.  Three days!!??  What a joke...Waste of money.  I'm looking for a new phone...

This superb phone with many features is just right to fit into my jean pocket or in a small purse with ease. Since this phone has EXCEEDED all of my expectations, here is my very detailed review of this very special and fun to use Mini S3 phone. My goal in this review is to help in your buying decision one way or the other regarding this phone.

Love my phone but the screen can fet glitchy. But other than that it's great :D no other complaints on it.

Phone was ok for a few months, but suddenly, the phone won't recognize sim cards and have had the phone only 7 months.  I called Samsung apparently the manufacturer warranty is overseas and Samsung can't help me and neither will the seller.  I would not have purchased the phone if it did not have a VALID warranty. There sure are a lot of similar posts about SHOPBEST/FORMERLY "WorldWide Distributors". (Looks like they changed the store name.) Lesson learned from all of us not to buy phones off of the internet I guess.

This Samsung its perfect, work perfect in my city. I'm happy that I got it.  I would recommend this for anyone who needs this. :)

It came with the european charger, no adapter, and the manuals in italian, french and german. And the default language in S voice was german. It took a while to figure it out and change the setting to english. Other than that, everything was new, everything in a sealed box and each accessory in its own bag.

the computer is very fast .. I can get into any Web site without any problems, a large screen easily see everything covered .. recommended, though I buy it for 200 and are now more cheap ..

The phone is nice, the screen is good, not astonishing as it's big brother Samsung galaxy S3.Is not a bad phone, but the thing here is the price. You can get an Optimus 2X from LG, Nokia Lumia 900 maybe an iPhone 4. What I'm trying to say here and don't take me wrong, it's not a bad phone at all, comes with Jeally bean, camera is decent, screen is decent, but I consider it over priced. This phone should be sold for $300 bucks or less and not $400

i buy to samsung galaxy s3 mini and the 2 telefone dont work the battery . Im very dispointer , the telefone was a present for my childrem , know i have to fixe

I bought this cell phone for my wife as a gift, she likes it very much. So I left a 5 star feedback. To myself, I like windows phone more than others.

Hi! This is my first buy for internet, the experience was fantastic. my new phone cell is exactly i wish and the most importan thing is that the phone is true to the promotion.. . About shipment is very efficient and so fast... good job!!!!

Its okay considering I'm new to the Androis OS. Using the Apple products all along. Bought this one for a change. Some things I didn't like was that the OS itself took up half of the internal memory )out of 8GB only 4GB is usable). Also, find it strange to not easily be able to save picutres from phone memory to SD card. I took some pictures thinking that it got saved, but it went nowhere since the internal memory was full. I would have expected it to save it to the SD card. Anyway have to plough thru some learning curve. Overall, I like my iPhone better than the Samsung Galaxy SIII Mini.

excellent product, very good phone, samsung brand is best at its size is good, excellent phone browsing is fast, I am very happy to receive the package, the phone I recommend it to my friends and everyone special mind to women.

Every finoo Thank you,Waiting for the package to be able to enjoy it,Thank you very much, Regards thank you Kisses

I'm a Peace Corps Volunteer serving in Rwanda, and I wanted to find a smart phone to make it easier to keep in touch with family and friends. I was looking for something reliable, sturdy, unlocked, and useable in the U.S. (at least with some carriers) and in Rwanda...and that's exactly what I got!  Shipping was faster than expected. I was very happy to find it was brand-new, and came in a sealed box. The box said it was for use in Nordic countries, and all of the instructions were in Nordic languages, but that wasn't a problem because it is very user friendly. I charged it overnight (the charger worked in the local outlets), put in my SIM card (MTN Rwanda), and it has worked perfectly ever since! The phone is beautiful, has a crystal clear screen, and it meets all of my needs! However, I would suggest that you also get a case with a little grip. The phone by itself is very smooth and slippery!It was a lot cheaper to buy a Samsung phone online rather than buy it in Rwanda. It's also a lot better quality than the local brands that are shipped in from China. If you are living abroad, and you are looking to order a reliable phone, this is the one!The box came with:-Phone-Battery-Headphones-USB computer connection cord-Charger

thanks so much I love it my new phone, the phone works great in Venezuela, is brand new and beautiful, thanks

The best phone that i had. The best phone in the market after S4. Android the best O.S. to phone in the world

An excellent phone that balances the cost / benefit ratio, good positioning in the market with a target class: B-, C; providing almost all the same benefits as their  rearward Serie  IV, but can not upgrade the operating system.

I wasn't looking for the state of the art or anything close, I need to be updated with emails and such.Its browsing through wifi is fast enough, the screen is sharp enough and the overall experience is pleasant.The device looks good (in my opinion anyway) and that count too.

If you are buying this from Amazon and looking for NFC variant, be sure to choose the specific Seller that specifically says that they carry the NFC version. Although the Amazon product technical specs will say it has NFC but not all seller sells the NFC version. They are pretty much the same price but I'm one of the unlucky ones that just click on the first available seller and gotten the non-NFC version. Grrrr... Not very happy about that because I specifically picked this phone because of the NFC capability technical specs on Amazon... And this is a phone for my wife. I have the S3 (it's bigger brother) and the NFC feature would have allow us to transfer and share media with much eased.PROS: The phone has great power for its small size. As a gear head for high tech devices, for this price I would have chosen the better performance of the Nexus 4 but this phone is not for me. This is for my wife (not too concern with performance) and she wants a smaller phone. She wants the best performance phone at a much smaller size. So... S3 mini is the best bet (without resorting to the iPhone). Although this phone carries a no name CPU, this phone out of the box this phone will score around 3000 on quadrant which is beats the performance of many full size phones (such as the galaxy nexus, Galaxy S2,LG optimus 2X, etc). One thing Amazon forgot to mentioned is it's awesome gorilla glass which make the screen scratch resistant. That is definitely a very nice feature to have. Speakers are also very load for its size and battery life is awesome.CONS: It comes with Touchwiz and I'm not a Touchwiz fan but you can download your own launcher. The storage space is also small. Althought it is 8GB, it is only around 4GB usable space so don't look to install a lot of apps and games. This phone is for my wife and she is mostly concern with pictures and music. Pictures, music, and non-app files can be stored on micro SD card so this 4GB internal storage is plenty of room for her. If you want to install a lot of apps and games, consider the 16GB version.Looks very similar to S3. Performance is not at par with the regular S3 but it's very impressive for a small phone. I would have given 5 stars if not for the False advertisement. To send it in will cost me extra money and extra hassle so I'm just stuck with the non-NFCphone.

I got this phone for a friend in ireland. So far so good. I can't say more about this phone.

Best regards from Venezuela.I recommend this phone model, besides being economical is very comfortable and meets the expectations I have with Samsung. Use it with the company Digitel since that is handled in the 3G 900. Greetings and excuse my English. JV

Samsung camera functions always impressed me, but this trimmed version compared to other Samsung Android smartphones has a lesser quality camera. Still acceptable. Display and sound are good. Battery life is pretty good working generally over the day comfortable (full roaming and available mode with occasional phone calls and lots of internet access).

I am very happy, This company is responsible and efficient, thank

I had an S2 and loved it, then a nexus, also good, but both had poor battery life and were too big (especially the nexus). The mini is the right size for a phone you hold in your hand and talk on mostly, or send text, and occasionally surf/use for google maps, etc.  If you need a smart phone, and mostly use it as a phone, this is it.  Jelly Bean system, good graphics, enough power, expandable memory. But, its not an S3, its an S3 mini, which means smaller processor, not as fast with apps, etc.  Battery lasts longer though, especially if you put juice defender or something similar on it.

the phone meets all the features provided by the seller, works perfectly, has good camera is small and weighs just

Always used iOS and recently converted to Android.  This phone is okay and I it does what I need it to do.  However, iOS is just better all around and it's not even close.  This phone reminds me of the iPhone 3 series in terms of plastic feel.  Great phone for the mid range price point.

Is the ideal phone for a woman, I bought my wife and she is happy, all the best technology in a device ideal size.

My wife feels very comfortable with his new phone. It is very simple and operationally handling is very good. Thanks again.

EXELENTE

excellent!!, it works well with my T-mobile prepaid, it is what I wanted and I like it very much .

Great phone, perfect, just as described, all the accessories in the box were alright. There's nothing to complain about100% recommended. EXCELLENT

I really liked this product because it offered me many advantages compared to other phones on the market, in terms of efficiency, applications and other technical features of the model

producto de buena calidadquede satisfechobuena mercanciase agusta bien a mis necesidadeses comodo y luce bienbuena prenda

bought Samsung I8190 Galaxy S III Mini Unlocked Android Smartphone - White, and received 1 Samsung I8190 Galaxy S III Mini Unlocked Android Smartphone - PEBBLE BLUE

Aparelho muito bom, otimas funcionalidades, leve, bom tamanho de tela, mas capacidade da bateria pequena exigindo recargas contantes. Seria perfeito com bateria de maior capacidade e autonomia.

the charger came incomplete, i dont know what happen, the rest  good phone, good accesories, great sign, and works perfectly in venezuela

A good phone, i loved it, i'll recommend this phone to my friends and my family. Samsung Galaxy rocks! .

i love it very nice product, yeah buddy, very perfect in the life, is very amazing this cellphone, the best

I rate it as exelete I can not say more because the products an not reached my destination and are in my locker courier thanks amazon

Buyer beware.  Despite being advertised as a unlocked phone for Verizon I was unable to have the phone activated by any Verizon retailer.  The phone is for a GSM network.  Verizon uses CDMA.

It's a good size for an smartphoneThe manual / instructions were in french so I had to get one in spanish from Internet

Samsung mini is the best. Very responsive, fast, light, nice pictures. I'm thinking to buy 2 more for my family.

I just switched from iphone to Galaxy, great image, works great, very good in general and match perfectly with my service carrier.

I was afraid that because it is called a  mini it would be a small phone but it is actually about the same size as an iPhone.

I realy like it. Right size & performance.I realy like it. Right size & performance.I realy like it. Right size & performance

This is a great phone that I'd recommend to anyone. It's a little smaller that I thought it would be, but the screen is so bright and beautiful that I can see everything just fine. So far, everything is working exactly like it is supposed to :-)

Samsung Phoneexcellent productI like its functionsI recommend it to all who want a productqualityexcellent software

I love this phone... it is a great smartphone with all the qualities from the other ones and at a great price. The applications work perfectly and the keyword is very comfortable to write. I use it in Ecuador and just inserted the sim card and it worked perfectly.. totally recommend it!

excelente producto de muy buena calidad y buen funcionamiento excelente producto de muy buena calidad y buen funcionamientoexcelente producto de muy buena calidad y buen funcionamiento

it works exactly as i thought, i did not bought the large version because of it's size, i like this one better, it fits in my hands and pocket perfectly, i hate to wear a phone as a clothing accessory, and i like to keep it on my pocket, so this one is  the perfect size, is fast, and works swift

Hello! I received a Samsung Galaxy S3 Mini (as I asked) but the cellphone came without earphones (earbud). Every friend who bought the same cellphone at amazon has his earphones.The other thing is that sometime (a few times or in some areas here in Caracas) the device doesn`t work properly, I mean I`m not able to receive and make any call or have internet service, so, I have to turn off and turn on the cellphone in order to use it.Waiting your response,Virginia

EXCELENTE TELEFONO

Este equipo cumple con las caracter&iacute;sticas que ofrece el fabricante, es intuitivo, vers&aacute;til, la desventaja encontrada es la duraci&oacute;n de la carga de la bater&iacute;a cuando esta funcionando GPS, wi-fi mas las funciones normales del tel&eacute;fono.

as these size,it def fits my hand,and I've been crashed this phone for some reason but still good.so far so good!love it.

Very Good

This is a full featured unlocked phone at a reasonable price which is nice. The screen size is similar to the Iphone 5. My issues with the phone which caused a 2 star deduction are short battery life, I lose my wifi connection when I turn on Bluetooth, and only a single notification of a text message. The last complaint is probably related more to Android than the hardware; someone told me that I'd need to buy an app if I wanted more than a signal notification of a text message.All and All, this is a good phone.

The best cellphone I have ever get, you can do so many things that other phones cant, forget any other smart phone the samsung galaxy is the best

Samsung GT-i8190 Galaxy S3 Mini Excellent phone and 100% operative. Works with every operatorFull recommended  Thanks for all your services

Both of my previous standard SIM cards, one is from China Moblie, the other is from AT&T;, worked perfectly as soon as I put the SIM card in the cell phone.All the other things involved in this shopping are perfect. It arrived 2 days after I made the order with perfect package. And it is easy to use even it is the first time I use smartphone.Hope it keeps perfect in the future!

It is a very comfortable phone as it is not very large, it leaves very good app download, the quality of Samsung is noted

Hi the phone that i buy  to you 2 weeks ago was does not charging at all by now i think the connection of charger to the phone unit is broken. What should i do. If you want me to return it to you pls give me a best way to do it considering that i im working in a ship. Thanks

it's 110V charger does not work properly, whenever I plug it, it causes the phone to turn off. In addition, it has a serious problem with finding the signal and usually shows no service.

for the price and the quality of Samsung products, this phone came with damage to softwarethis makes it difficult use

Samsung Galaxy is really a product that everybody should buy, every features about about the product is remarkable,  I will advise more consumers to buy one.

excellent with the exception of the plug which is the Asian version and the adapter they sent me was for the European version

good item i love it smart phone good qualityan ship price i recomended for real to anybody thanks for this product

The phone has the perfect size! All of the new smartphones are too big, that's why I got this. That, and of course the price. It can do everything what it's "big brother" can do and Iit is easy to use.I'm totally happy with it.

excelente producto estoy cxontento fue un regalo y encantop muy rapido bonito y perfecto para el uso de todas las aplicaciones

The phone works great.It looks like there are different versions of this phone. The one I initially received is  from &#34;Lucky Buy Retailers&#34;, it comes with a generic battery which drains within 8 hrs on standby and I had to return it. The replacement is from &#34;mercate group&#34;, it's a UK version, works great. Except the charger is a Europe version.

Phone will stop charging after first use. It has a Discharging defect. Basically the phone won't charge no matter the charger or new battery. It's a nice phone, but I see why it's not sold in the market stores in the U.S.

I tried putting my sim card from my old phone into this phone and it did not work. It showed no networks found. Even after using other sim cards from other carriers it still did not work. I need a working phone. I like the phone itself but upset that all attempts to activate it failed.

I liked the product completely. Meets all expectations. Multifunctional and practical. excellent presentation. The best investment.Timeliness of shipment. Sophisticated design and light weight.

good phone

So I never received it.They told me to wait 3 months to check where the problem is. Because they took it from my bag while checking.Seems it's the people working in the airline company who did this. But I never get a refund.Advice : be carefull when travelling with such materials. Some people over there are waiting for occasions to steal your stuff in your carry-on. So DO NOT FORGET TO LOCK THEM ALL!!!

It works well so far however very disappointed because it doesn't have nfc but if that doesn't bother you then I guess it will be great for you.

This is my first smartphone and I'm loving it.  It's been almost 8 months now and I've not had any problem with the phone.  It has a good hand-feel to it.  I wished I can buy one for my husband and two children - but when we have $$, I would like to.  I subscribe to H2O Wireless Pay-per-minute plan.  $100 for 2000 minutes and I still have $30 worth left before I need to recharge.  I use Wi-Fi capability to chat using KaKaoTalk app with family and friends.  Only when it's necessary I text or call.  I hardly use my Nook for reading as I can use the Playbook app to read my e-books.  Though small, the screen is very sharp and crisp.  Love it!!

It is same S3. But this is only in english, japon and chinese language. when i received it has into the box only europa outlet.

I keep having this power reset or unknown upload mode problem. What is that??? Also the battery dies too fast and takes too long to recharge.

Had the phone and loved it for 3 days until it locked up on me with a message about an Emergenmcy call and left a cursor and space to input a number which I have no idea what it is about.  Called Samsung in Texas and that is the only service center in the US.  They said I would have to call the country of origin--the UK--for service because it is an international phone.  Very disgusting---I have a $400.00 phone I can't unlock and can't use.  It is such a new phone noone knows how to fix it except someone in the UK.

Great cellphone, the camera takes excellent pictures.  I'm very happy with it. Better than the blackberry for me. Great apps

Purchased this for my sister whose is yet to use a smartphone. Was confused between Iphone and this one bu tended up with Samsung due to cost factor. My sister is so happy with the phone.

I give this rate because I'm not very happy. The device works well and all excellent in functionality, and all, but I had a problem when you receive the item. The box of the device did not come factory sealed and then be open to review my articles inside me realizes that the battery of the device was not right, I had to go out and buy right battery. Please ...... attention .... seller is tacky ...

I'm a verizon iPhone user needing a phone for an extended stay in Italy (my cdma iphone is not capable of working there).  So I needed an unlocked GSM quad band phone.  And did not want to spend $700-ish on a high end smartphone.  This phone has worked great so far (5 days into travels), and its very roughly the capability of my iPhone with a few android rough edges, but the size and screen is roughly comparable to my iphone 4 (great resolution on the screen, bright and sharp).  This smartphone seems to be a great fit for my needs.

This is an excelent phone for the price, dont expect an S3 clone but smaller, this one is slower, completely diferent phone in hardware, the camera is not that good, but it does the job well. highly recomended for Us 330  Us350 price range.

excellent 100% recommended

The best technology in smaller size. The camera has very good image stabilizer. Good battery autonomy. Very good range of wifi!!!

Es muy bueno. Excelente compra. Lo recomiendo. Me encanta mi tel&eacute;fono, es desbloqueado. Lo coloque mi chip y no tuve problemas para usarlo.

Really enjoy the product is not heavy, both camaras works great and is very easy to navigate, the screen is sensitive enough for my taste and the size of the phone is also very good not too big not to small

me parece q es un tel&eacute;fono q si le das los cuidados que amerita te puede durar una eternidad.I think q is a q phone if you give the care it deserves you can last an eternity.

I bought it for its usage in Argentina, and functionned perfectly well.I also bought the white leather cover which is also very nice.

Am so happy that i chose the Samsung I8190 Galaxy S III Mini Unlocked Android Smartphone - White . Am so amazed about the many things that i can do with this phone. My only regret is that i didn't purchase this phone sooner.

Totally unsatisfied. The sansumg mini galaxy s3 came totally damaged, screen, casing and charger destroyed. Not recommended at all. That irresponsible not account for the goods at all. DO NOT EVER RECOMMEND

I really happy with this cell phone, because is really cute and it works en GSM networks in all the word.

first smartphone i've ever owned and im really glad i bought this one. i felt the regular s3 was too large for me so i bought this one, which has a 4inch screen. everything works really well, is really fast, and even though camera is only 5MP, takes really good pictures. it has a lot of really cool features!

This phone is pretty small, so I have trouble touching the correct letters on the screen keyboard. The suggested words help considerably. The battery doesn't last as long as my old dumb phone. I like the fact that you can control what the phone is doing - lots of options as far as restricting the activities of applications.

So far all expectations are met or even exceeded. Budget wise, a really good choice. Big enough and small enough.Comes with a note that says it will NOT work on Verizon and Sprint but will work on AT&T and T-mobile.

Great product, I'm so happy with it.Great design, great functionability, that is what i'm expecting, I'll recommend itNice Phone.

I was a bit put off by the battery life of the product but based on the aftersales service I have to revise my position. I am delighted to know companies stand by their product in this way. The gadget is very compact, everything in one place.

Excellent product, I recommend in a 100% to everyone..!! It's a beautifull smartphone for all the family, thank you.!! :)

I got this to take overseas for an extended period of time. I've had it for several months now and will leave in several weeks. Quite a few nice apps available, easy to download from play.google.com/store. I recommend installing the [...] software on PC or Mac. I have an Ultra.me month by month calling plan. When I get to Chile I may swap the SIM chip for a local plan. Has to be recharged daily.

Excellent product, works with Digitel GSM (3G and H) in Venezuela. I recomend this product because has a excellent size to work and has the same characteristics than a SIII.

I purchased this phone for my 14 year old son and he is very pleased with it. It cost $270 and, according to my son the screen is larger than an Iphone 4 and it's faster. The phone is also surprisingly light and thin. It doesn't have the sturdy feel of an Iphone 4, so we'll have to see if it holds up over time. But, so far so good. Seems to be a high quality product that is a very good value.

Great phone very confortablethe size is right not too small not to bigI didn't have any problem with my card lineand all works perfectly.

Good cellphone, excellent price... and it makes my job a lot easier. The bad thing: The battery discharges very quickly.

It is sopposed to have 8 Gb internal memory, but it only display 4.3 Gb, can you explain to me this diference.

I purchased Samsung SII mini as a gift for my brother. Phone only worked for 15 days then it started giving trouble. Now after 2 months it's not working at all. So my brother ended up returning phone to me. It was embarrassing so please do not buy any phones from this provider.

I received the phone. It seemed to be in good conditions. I started to use it and it started to reboot or shut down itself randomly. I had to take it to a authorized reseller from samsung and they discovered that the system board was defective. I was unable to contact the reseller. I contacted the amazon customer support and they game me a refund. Do not buy this from this reseller

The phone comes in good state but dont meet the technical detail because i bought S3-Mini 8GB and this is 4Gb ...this is not what I buy... very bad seller. """I was stolen"""

the cellphone was in perfect conditions, without problems, fast, new and is the product publised by amazon no problems with this product.

The phone is awesome, original and brand new. It came with an european charger but I just bought an adaptor. I definitely recommend the seller!

It's a good product! I am in Venezuela and here it works perfectly. I don't  have anything bad to say

I ordered a Samsung Galaxy S3 about 3 weeks ago from this seller. When I received the item I quickly realized the phone was a cheap imitation, not an authentic cell phone. I was so aggravated I immediately contacted the seller and ask for a replacement or my money back. The seller tried to convince me the phone was original, however he did acknowledge the accessories were not authentic. I don't understand how come sellers can be so unethical and try to take advantage of people's trust. Thankfully I was able to recognize the difference right out of the box. But if this would've happened to my parents... They would have probably not noticed any difference and would have ended up getting a fake phone eve though they paid for an &#34;original&#34; one. VERY FRUSTRATING!Long story short, the seller did replace the fake phone for an original but it costed time and frustration. Not worth buying from this seller.

Well I loved this phone until I discovered that nfc and s beam are nowhere to be found on this device. This product description sais it has nfc but there is no nfc settings anywhere to be found. Wikipedia also claims that this phone had nfc and s beam technology but there is also no mention of either in the user manual...that I had to download because it is not included with the phone. If u do not wish to have s beam them I guess this phone is ok, but for me on the other hand, this is the primary reason of my purchase.  Very very disappointed. Seeking full refund for false  advertisement.

I bought this phone three months ago and it was working great until all of a sudden it instantly died and is completely unresponsive to turning on. Turns out these phones are built with cheap materials and this is a pretty common issue.If you need a phone for three months I would highly recommended it. Otherwise I'd look elsewhere.

Good Night! sorry friends I had not written, but presented some delay for delivery of the phone because in our country (VENEZUELA) is a bit complicated courrier service. the phone told him that we came with different details, like bad charger, with some photos stored and only lasted only 2 days on, then lit no more, took a technical service and there showed me that the phone has sulfated bone screws possibly the other phone was wet and I also indicated that it had no warranty seal, meaning that previously was repaired or opened by someone effects. If possible send me an email, I can send the photo where the screws go and indeed sulfated mark where you see it was wet.So without further reference and waiting for me to respond positively to reach a solution.atteWilliams Gallardo58-426-5188179regards

I loved everything about the phone EXCEPT the fact that even though it says it is the international unlocked version, 3G will not work in Latin America, at least not in Costa Rica. Please take that into consideration when purchasing it. I had to return it. Good luck!

First impression great screen resolution, overall is a great cellphone screen size is the same as my iphone 5 so is not too big as the s3.i would highly recommend it

The Samsung Galaxy S III mini was the perfect Christmas gift. It's small and light, just what my wife wanted. I've found it to be every bit as powerful as more expensive smart phones.I'd recommend this phone to anyone interested in a small, light smart phone.

I use net 10 in the U.S. and this works great! The phone arrive fast and they really responded to my questions fast. T thumbs up to this company.

I was a little worried when I ordered this phone since they were many reviews which indicated they received faulty phones. Luckily I'm glad to say I'm not in the category. I ordered this phone the week before Christmas and was expecting it sometime after Christmas. I ordered it the Monday and was surprised to see it delivered the Friday. The delivery was quite fast for this time of the year. Btw I ordered my phone from Wireless Everything. I live in Barbados and got a family member to bring it in. So all I did was insert my sim card and I was ready to go. It's only been a couple days but I'm not having problems.

If you are looking for a reliable smartphone and don't mind not having the latest versions of products, this phone may be for you. So far I have had no major problems with this item, I even dropped it more than a couple times and the screen was not damaged. It has a nice size and isn't bulky looking.  A lot of apps that cost money in the Apple Store is available for free via the Play Store...once you do not mind adverts in it. So far it is proving to be a good phone at good price, much less than Iphones or the S4.

Just received today, the newest firmware/OS for the 4.1.2 OTA (on my phone directly) as it was updated from Samsung and this is very new at this date of Monday, August 5, 2013 and arrived in my phone's Notification area today. After the upgrade completed, I noticed at once that this phone is lightning fast and the touchscreen is very, very fast and responsive! This is the THIRD update that I received since I purchased this phone in April 2013. Each update is not that large, however, it enhances the performance of this phone. Very encouraged as if the updates keep coming regularly, perhaps4.2.2 will be coming to the S3 Mini. And from my research, it is possible that the S3 Mini may receive the 4.2 OS but it will be a while longer...Till then, I shall keep on trying to update and keep you informed...PROS:- SIZE AND WEIGHT: Perfect size for me as it fits easily into my jeans pocket or smallest purse. And I purchased a leather vertical case that clips to my waistband so I take it with me to the gym to listen to my music or radio when I work out.- STANDARD REGULAR SIZE SIM CARD: The S3 Mini has a regular/standard Sim card slot. (Note the S3 regular phone and S4 phones accept a micro Sim. Good to know as I did not have to cut my Sim card, I just placed it into the S3 Mini and I was good to go, and I did not have to set up the APN settings for Internet and MMS as the setup did this for me automatically). This is good to know if you want to use your regular Sim card and not have to deal with settings yourself. What a great feature.- Phone call clarity etc. - No matter what my location using this phone for phone calls the clarity of calls is loud and clear whether on the phone's speaker, headset etc. I even had to turn down the volume quite a lot as the calls come in so well.- WiFi/3G (Internet): Connects to any WiFi I have tried very quickly and easily. And when not near a WiFi, I use AT&T; for data and easily get 3G and found the data to be very fast, almost as fast as my home WiFi is. (For browser, I installed Opera Mini free from Playstore and found it to be a very easy to use and fast browser).- Overall speed, performance, smoothness, picture quality of the screen--very fast and peppy. And I found a way to SAVE on both memory and on battery. What I did was to go into Apps/ Manage Apps and DISABLED the apps I don't use. Without rooting the phone, you cannot uninstall pre-installed factory apps, but you can disable them. Disabling the ones you don't use makes the phone run faster and frees more memory! Since I am a techie, I know which ones to disable and which ones not to disable, so if in doubt, please ask me in the comments and I will be glad to assist you in this.- BATTERY LIFE: This phone has given me the BEST battery life of ANY smartphone or that I ever owned. And I use 100% brightness. For me, even at 100 brightness, if I use WiFi or Data just when I need it and then turn it off, I get all day into the night on one single charge! (I charge nightly and the phone is at 100% ready to go the next morning).- EXTERNAL SLOT FOR MICRO SD CARD - This helped to sell me on this phone as I can add my personal music, photos, videos and more to this phone!And I placed a 32g in mine for music, files etc. *Keep in mind where External SD cards are concerned: They are JUST for your personal files: music, videos, photos, and other files. When you install apps from Playstore or other sources, they store either in INTERNAL Memory Card or sometimes in the phone area (most store in the INTERNAL SD AREA). This is the law of the land where Android is concerned and ALL newer Android devices (including Samsung) work this way when storing your downloaded apps are concerned.- INTERNAL STORAGE SPACE:This phone is advertised at 8GB of Internal space. The 8GB is the space BEFORE the drive was formatted, OS installed and then factory apps installed. So what I had on the phone BEFORE I installed any apps it had 4.75GB left. This is how it is on any flash drive, SD card, Hard Drive as formatting alone takes up space.Also, since 3.0 Android and above, you cannot save any apps to your personal SD card. Instead the apps are installed one way or the other to the INTERNAL SPACE. However, the good thing is that your personal files as photos, music, videos, and more can be installed to your EXTERNAL SD Card so you do have that space for yourself.**I have a few apps I downloaded from the Playstore, but no games so I still have about 4.08 GB left on my phone for more apps later should I wish to install them.- CAMERA - The 5MP camera concerned me that is UNTIL I took both indoor and outdoor pictures and even video. Well, I was pleasantly surprised. When I printed out some close up and other shots, I was really happy with the detailing in the pictures. And it compared to the picture quality I had with my Samsung Galaxy Note with 8MP camera, so what a happy surprise! Turns out to be a pretty good camera.- Bluetooth Speed and Performance - The Bluetooth paired quickly with several devices and copied files at a great rate of speed.CONS:- Adobe Flash is not supported in this phone or ANY ANDROID DEVICE after 4.0 OS. The only way to get flash is to get a archived flash and use a high end browser such as Puffin or Maxthon Browser. So downloading the older archived flash gives the ability to view SOME internet videos, but this is better than no flash at all. Keep in mind this is a problem with ALL brands of Android devices with 4.0 OS and higher it is just after 4.0 Android came out, the NEW and best flash is NOT supported for Android devices. It is what it is...- Very small instruction &#34;manual&#34; provided with the tablet, however, I went to the Samsung site and downloaded the full manual and saved it in PDF on my laptop for reading anytime I need it. If you want the link for the manual, let you know in the comments and I will give it to you.- This phone will NOT accept an OTG (On the go) USB plug for flash drives, mice, etc. This was not a problem for me, I just plug in the USB Cable to copy files to the phone. So no big deal.-- International Phone so NO US WARRANTY. Not a problem for me because I have learned over time that if a device is going to fail, it usually does it within the first 30 days. This phone has been great--no problems at all!-- No NFC except on the model with the N on the model number. I do not use NFC so I have no problem with that.Bottom line: Would I buy this phone all over again? Yes I certainly would. Will this phone be the best for you? Yes, if you do not expect every bell and whistle feature from the BIG S3, want just the most important features, want a smaller and more lightweight phone that will do all the basic things of a Smartphone, then I totally recommend this phone!Hope this review has assisted you and thank you for reading it. Please feel free to ask me any questions in the comment area and I will answer all questions in a very timely manner.

Hi Bought this product 2 months ago, this phone is awesome, working perfect , no issues, perfect for games ,

Excelente es mas de lo que esperaba es un super equipo lo recomiendo al 100% compren con seguridad personas serias

This phone is excellent, I had no problems with it and I'm now in Jamaica using it. Shoppebest was good

Only thing i'm a little down is as usual Battery life other than that the phone is almost perfect, especially on small hands like ladies.

I bought this cellphone on the 25th Feb 2014 and I have never drop it. It is in like new shape and IT DIED one month later because of a manufacturing flaw with the on/off button which doesn't respond. I can't return it nor file a claim because it have already passed 33 days since i got this phone. I can't contact the seller nor write to amazon for help.

Totalmente recomendado.Funciona en Movistar - Venezuela 3G full.Llego intacto y dias antes de lo esperado.Ademas de ser un telefono compacto y totalmente funcional.

Su dise&ntilde;o es exquisito, f&aacute;cil de usar, liviano, elegante, pr&aacute;ctico. Es un tel&eacute;fono amigable, buena c&aacute;mara, un buen flash y excelente resoluci&oacute;n de pantalla. Para ser mejor tendr&iacute;a que ser un S4 mini.

Samsung really exceeded my expectations this time, Before I used blacberry but now i know ill never use it again, the camera is incredible and his app to!

I am always a little anxious about buying phones off Amazon from non-Amazon sellers, because I am not sure whether I'll get a brand-new phone, whether it will work without a glitch, what if I need to return it etc. And in fact before I bought this from Mobile BestSellers, I had purchased the same model a month before from another seller - and I ended up having to return it because it seemed the proximity sensor on that one was off and it would keep restarting on its own.BUT no worries whatsoever from this phone and thank you to Mobile BestSellers for sending me a perfect piece. It came extremely fast, was packaged perfectly and looked like the box had been opened but nothing was out of place.I have now used it over 2 months in 4 different countries with local SIM cards, and the phone has worked perfectly. I like the S3 Mini over a number of other phones because it is the Samsung build and quality which is great, and because it hass a smaller screen than my own local US phone or other new phones on which the battery lasts a lot less.

Love everything about the phone except it doesn't hold a charge long. Other then that, highly recommend! Was worried about the size but was very satisfied with it.

The phone is great, just as I expected it. The only problem is the charger that came with the phone doesn't seem to be working.

Because I have to pay double shipment. I paid with my credit card and I pay to the delivery guy too. I'd like to have my money back, is not the first time that happen before I bought two same model same brand cellphone, same thing happen I just notice it. I pay for shipping and handling when I did the transaction and again the same among plus taxes with the delivery guys. I feel robbed.

I wasn't looking for the state of the art or anything close, I need to be updated with emails and such.Its browsing through wifi is fast enough, the screen is sharp enough and the overall experience is pleasant.The device looks good (in my opinion anyway) and that count too.

LLEGARON EN PERFECTO ESTADO Y A TIEMPO ESTABLECIDO  RECOMIENDO A LA TIENDA LOS TELEFONOS SON NUEVOS Y FUNCIONA TODO BIEN GRACIAS

It's a good phone, totally worth the money. Don't overthink it. It's a great phone, buy it. You will be satisfied.

Hubo unos inconvenientes en el flete, pero fue por confusion del personal de casillero en Miami. Recibi el producto sin problemas.

good and smallI am loving italthough it has no 4gthat's another issueI am waiting for the s4 mini though

It claimed that the internal memory is 8 GB, but I just found out that is only 4 GB, and keep remind me that the storage is full, and I am run out of space. Sometime it does not response to fingers. It did not meet my expectation.

It is a little too fast on the touch screan, but once you master it, it is sooo nice.  I just love it!

Great Phone.  Perfect size for my hands. Easiest phone to set up and navigate, very user friendly with a large dispaly

I was pleased with this purchase everything was fine till I decided to use the nfc app....the description of the phone displayed n it's features show nfc but instead I got a phone with no nfc....i live in Trinidad so I use a sky box to order stuff, what's done is done it would've been to much hassle to send it back plus it was already in use though not damaged....i just thought u should know, just never had time till now to inform you all...Amazon is great but some of you sellers just know how to mess up a good thing....ill be sure not to order from seller shopebest ever again because trust me it's not the best...

I received what i order. the telephone its so beautiful. i liked it so muchhhhh. highly recommended. the phone was protect

Exelent phone! Samsung I8190 Galaxy S III Mini Unlocked Android Smartphone - WhiteI am very happy with my purchases!The phone is wonderful!Thanks Amazon & Wireless Everything

Very nice Smartphone.100% recommended for those who like all the features of Sansung Galaxy SIII, but prefer a smaller device.

The device I got was defective. It seemed to work well at first, but then it started crashing randomly. I tried to contact the seller (OneStopBuyMart) but they never responded, and the nearest Samsung support center refused to take the item for repairing, saying it was fake. So, while the real deal is probably excellent, judging by other reviewers, the device had the chance to test out was pure garbage.

Nice phone. Easy to use. Good phone for the money. I bought this phone for myself and I just bought another one for my daughter for Christmas.  I'm ready pleased with this phone.

Buying a cell phone in the US to be used out in another country is a difficult decision.  I bought this cell for my 11 year old daughter and she is absolutely delighted with it.  Woks perfectly well.  Very nice look and features!

I really don't like this cellular phone because it does not work in 3G network in Ecuador. It only works in EDGE network. I would like to give back the phone because I tohught i would work any country in the world.

The phone is just as seen in the picture and the package arrived on time. Can do it again another time.

Awesome phone, just what I want it. Well with Android always start like this, let's see how it goes forward

I just love my phone. Everything you ever need is on my phone I hardly ever use my Kindle or laptop anymore. Love the neatness and the fact that it can hold in my purse. I was afraid of touchscreen but Samsung galaxy s3  makes it so easy for you to use.

this is a great smartphone but the battery life runs down really fast, i don't know if this is because it is new!!or maybe an update can resolve this issue, anyway the seller was good the delivery was on time..the only problem was that the charger is european or asian and where i live doesn't work (Venezuela). oh!! and please forgive my really bad english!! :P

I'm very happy with my new phone, it's easy to use, it's fast and even though it may take a little getting used to, like making sure when a message is actually sent and how to use the copy and paste function, once you learn how to do it it works like a breeze.And the fact that it's unlocked is just perfect. At first I figured I would have to take it to my service provider but I just ventured into putting the SIM card from my old phone in, and voil&agrave;, it started working right way, no mess, no hassle, no trouble at all.I would highly recommend it to any one who needs an unlocked GSM phone. I'm very pleased with mine.

But not clear that the model does not bring all languages&#8203;&#8203;, but only English and Chinese. Otherwise you can say it is excellent.

I loved my new phone, just the right size to keep in purses or pockets. The camera and sound are great and the internet is quite fast. The only incanveniente is that the charger does not work, it can not charge the phone. i try every where and failed. I have been using the usb to this funtion.

I love the size and everything about the phone. It came on time and was just like it was supposed to be!!!

I also own an iphone. Got this for my spouse. Now have new found esteem for Samsung and get a better feel for Apple's pain! The phone is just great!

I have small skinny hands and fingers, this phone is perfect size delivering the power of a tablet in the palm of my hand, sometimes you'll feel it's too small but once you get used to it becomes your best pal....  the battery life is a little bit short but of course the phone is small and had no space for a bigger battery.

Since the moment I received it the phone was having problems to function properly.I live in Venezuela and I need to contract a new line for the phone. In the operator they told me that the phone was refurbished. I didn't do anything on that moment because I though that I would have no guarranty being in Venezuela, so, I manage to make it work.I suffer it during a month: the battery didn't last more than 4 hours, sometimes it didn't even charge after a whole night plug. It also was REALLY slow.After a month of use, the phone just died.I contacted Amazon and the service was amazing. They told me to send it back to their warehouse and reinburse the money i spent in the international shipping. They also reimburse the total amount of the phone (as I didn't want to buy it from this seller again).I bought the same phone from another seller and it works wonderfully, I really love it. The phone is great, my problem was with this seller and it's refurbished phone.

I have an SIII cell phone for over 3 years. I'm very satisfied with it.Based on this I bought an SIII Mini cell phone for my daughter by Nov.2013. It was supposed to be "new".When it arrived, I found that the camera was not working at all. The firmware update feature could never be done because "the system has been modified"... not by me... When I dug the Internet looking for the meaning of this message, I found that this phone most likely had been rooted and that modification was blocking the normal update procedure.Additionally, this cell phone has damaged 3 batteries in a row. I am sure it has a problem in the charging circuits.I have contacted the Samsung Service in my country and they explained to me that there are certain online sellers that ship used, refurbished or simply rejected products. That seems to be this case.In summary: Samsung makes great cell phones, but in this case I was unlucky to buy this SIII Mini from a very bad seller.Very disappointed with this purchase.

I absolutely love my phone!! i am very impress. the reviews were great. the feature on this phone is awesome..

Bought this to go with my platinumtel and it works great. Fast. Great camera. Great apps. For the price, it can't be beat.

100% recomended, excellent product completly new, quality as expected, faster shipment, good attention, so even recomended to everypeople thanks one more time

The phone reached my level of expectation.  The audio quality sounds better than an iphone.  My girlfriend has an iphone and said that her S3 Mini is better.  I highly recommend this phone to anyone.

This phone has a great size. Image clearance is also good. It has enough memory size and have allot of function.

I love this type of phone and all the friends who have seen it are promising to buy one in case they need other phone. Thank you so much.

I used the phone with local telecom companies, and is 100% recommend for Venezuela. Very light and perfect size. Lo recomiendo!

this is not the selected product for me.I received a phone with differents characteristicsthis phone is not unlocked for international version

It's a good product. Thin and light. Bought for my wife and she loves it.There are many things that you don't find on LG phones, or HTC.

SOFTWARE UPDATE.YOUR DEVICE HAS BEEN MODIFIED.SOFTWARE UPDATES ARE NO AVAIABLE.I WILL RETURN!NOT LIKE, NOW PRESENTED THIS PROBLEM?!?!?!!??!

this phone was purchased to be used abroad.  while the person who purchased it is not tech friendly, they are getting the hang of it.  almost all apps/capacities of regular galaxy s3, just not as big.  love it!

Pros:Very light for its size, isn't too big-3.5G is pretty fast (Btw the power saver feature can throttle your bandwidth aka internet &#34;speed&#34; apart from the processor)-Android 4.1 preloaded-Still has the good multitasking feature on GS3-(Call Quality) So I tested its battery life with voice calls. On one occasion, I had a 1 hour long call and it battery was down from 100% to 90%. So that equates to probably a 10 hr continuous talktime with a full charge. Very clear speaker-Touching/Pointing is accurate-Sensitive screenNeutral-Battery Life (expected it to be better, still pretty decent though)-Screen resolution (Though the resolution isn't high, pixelation isn't obvious from viewing distance. Its not grainy and still very clear-Direct Call isn't always responsive. I think the camera doesn't see your ear always while you're messaging or in the contact list. It might take 1-2 more tries.-Screen contrast & brightness - Excellent indoors, good outdoors (without direct sun). Could have done better under direct sunlightCons-Actual Free internal memory is about 4.5GB.-Minijack is a little soft with the volume.-You can't put your apps on the SD card without rooting it.. Firmware limitation on Samsung's side most probably :(-There is no LED notification blinker light like on the big brother Galaxy S3 (on the left of the front speaker). You have to wake up the screen to check if you've received messages

this cellphone is spectacular. I love it. takes amazing photos, the resolution is very good, the mp are good,  relamente excellent and recommended.

Several problems with this phone. First, it does not charge properly. Overnight, it might get up to 60% or maybe 95% if you are lucky. It won't charge from my car. Apparently this is a known issue with these phones, but I didn't see any reviews warning me about it when I bought it. It does not seem like Samsung is interested in fixing the problem. Second, the touch screen is not always responsive. Third, it is slow. On the  plus side, I like the size.

I bought this phone model for myself back last year when they cost around $260 and back then considered it worth the money I paid... Right now they became much cheaper and available for $185-200 which is even better... I was thinking to switch and upgrade to S4 mini which now cost almost what I paid for S3 mini last year but then decided not to go for it... I just got used to this model and happy with all the features it is offering... you also have to keep in mind that S3 mini using standard SIM card while S4 mini is using microSIM card (which can be obtained from service provider for small fee... that's not a big deal)...The only negative thing is that it's battery last from morning till evening with average use and phone has to be charged every night... I guess the regular S3 model has higher battery capacity but it is also bigger in size. And size of this S3 mini is what attracted me to this phone model on the first place...

I love my new phone, the size is perfect, it is fast and easy to use. Works perfectly in Venezuela.

please send me year phons n my english mannual if u ll dont mind it should be everything in packege thanku

I am disappointed in this purchase, the phone does not work, Crag battery but when it comes to light, no lights

I am extremely upset to have been told that this phone I received is refurbished and not even a real Samsung after it was described as brand new. The phone had overheating problems from day one and now it won't even come on!!! I have tried to to contact the seller but I have have gotten no response.  I'd never buy from them again!!  Wat a rip off! !

What smart phones are supposed to be - for those that care about customization. If you want something that is oh-so-simple and you never want to customize it - get an Apple iPhone. If you really love gadgets and want your phone to be all you, this is the phone (with the possible exception of the Galaxy Note 2).

I purchased this phone from CELLPHONESSHOP. It was a European phone. The charger has a european plug. I thought it wouldn't be a big deal, but when I tried to activate it with Verizon I found out it will not work on the US networks. This may not be true for all phones listed under this product, but please be sure to verify that it will work in your specific country first.

This is my very first smart phone.  I went from my dinosaur phone to this but I took to it like a duck to water.  I love it.  It is very easy to use and has alot of really neat cool features.I'm glad I decided to order it.  Thank you, Amazon, for the prompt delivery.

First: It takes forever for the phone to be shipped.Second: The phone is a refurbished items, phone came with sticky stuff on the front and back cover, like someone handled it with stuff on their fingers.Third the battery appeared to be a cheap knock off from china. How do I know all this, I have another one just like it bought straight from Samsung.Fourth: The package came with a bogus phone number and address. I contacted amazon about this and their response was "We have contacted the seller on your behalf about this problem and the seller will get back with you in one to two business days.I don't know about you, but this has put a dark cloud over my confidence about buying stuff from amazon. It gives me the feeling the CEO of AMAZON was the previous CEO of EBAY!!

Great phone! nice size, color and shape. very fast and fast processor. works perfecly in venezuela with movistar... buy it

Everything works as it should.no problems with Sim card in the Caribbean either. Adding extra storage was easy and updates and apps work smoothly.very pleased.

It's a super phone!It has been shipped 2 days before I expected it, so it was there a few days after I ordered it!I can definitely recommend it!

the cellphone meets my expectations at all... Nice equipment, Works perfectly using Movistar. It comes with all the acesories and Works nice !!!! recommend it 100% as an excelent seller.

my daug love the phone an she wont put it down .I will be order the now g s 4 thx u

Unfortunately I did not read the customer reviews of this product before I purchased it.  It arrived fine, looked great - BUT IT IS PROGRAMMED FOR SPANISH.  So back it went.  Lesson learned.  Research, research, research.

the product was great while it lasted, as a month of use by downloading an application is blocking and attempt to restart by removing the battery, with the bad luck that did not return on. As I am from Venezuela, I could not return it for review, repair and / or replacement. Disappointed ...

Excelent product, 100% recommends. Handling and shipping totally secure... The information indicates in pages is correctly and the phone arrives in excellent condition and includes all accessories

Its very good

If its a cell phone you seek, beware of the Samsung Galaxy 3 or 4. They do not import contacts with blue tooth cars and as a phonefail horribly. In a word, they are counter intuitive.

I'm from Venezuela buy 2 phones and one of the phone is not original, it's a chinese phone. Samsung have confirmed

Excellent phone, works perfect in Venezuela. Not only that I do not like is the charger because it has different connectors so I have to buy another. They sent very fast. Excellent shop.

La bateria no funciona hasta la fecha no he podido usarlo al 100%The battery does not work so far have not been able to use 100%

The Samsung I8190 Galaxy S III Mini is the smaller version of the normal SIII. Samsung has created a great piece of hardware in this new phone.If you want a screen which is a little bit smaller and is more comfortable in your hands choose this one. If you want a really big Screen take a look at the big brother here [...]

I received the Black version. The device is okay, in perfect conditions but wrong delivery. I will keep it but i wanted the white version like is indicvated in the headline.

It  dead in only 5 months and have not turn on any more.:this  is the worst cellphone ever have in.

I bought this phone for a friend, but the short time I spent with it I think its great. I currently have and iphone 4, and if I would change phone it would be to this one. The reasons are: love the android operating system and the size and quality (mind you I don't like the big tablet looking phones they are coming out with) are much better than its big brother (my nephew has  a regular galaxy 3 and looks, feel cheap and it is too big !)

It was a gift for my wife and she liked the cellphoneExcellent product, thank you very much, recommend this seller.

I'm going to put it nice and simple, don't buy this phone... I bought it and the second day, dropped it from 1 feet high, over carpet since it slipped my hand... front glass shattered from side to side and the plastic frame didn't even had a bent, scratch or anything on it... and when taken to the repair guy he told me, it was the 50th phone like this that repaired for the same problem... in the week... and repairs was going to cost me around 150$... just to know this might happend over again, resistance = null, zero, nada, nothing.Skip it.

I waited very eagerly for the phone. I tortured UPS guy to deliver it soon and As soon as it came I rushed and opened the package and I found that the back battery panel was not fitting properly I tried it several times to fix it but all the efforts were gone in vain.It is very sad to say that I got to return the order.I can understand that no one is perfect and no one can make things perfect and it is acceptable that 5 to 10 might be defective in 1000 pieces and I got one of the defective, see how luck is upon me :-).

The delivery of the phone was on time, in perfect conditionthe camera is great, the sharpness of the videos is wonderfulGood price, works with 3G and 4G for Venezuela

this phone is pretty good. its the perfect size and seems to b working thus far. ive had it for a few months. the design is nice

I feel s3 or s4 is big to hold and type for my hand, this stays in your hand and wont slip. Good android phone

Just what i need it for make my life easy... Fast and beautiful, i love it,i do not have any problems with the product

Wireless Experts, Inc. This company was not responsible for sending the correct version featuring the GT-I8190 buy and got the GT-I8190L this version does not have the side seeking companies that crap

I liked the phone very much but the screen got green every time I tried to take pictures. Just returned it

What i love more from this cell is how fast it is.  Easy to use and a nice size.  Highly recommended

I have a beautiful on speshall daughter on u know teens they hard to please .So when I brought her this phone on she loved it so much she called it her best friend.U can just imagine how I feel.

It`s a nice phone, It`s very usefull and simple for every level android users.  I got just what i order.

The first thing I would like to tell is that it brought a 4GB internal memory instead of 8, like they said on the page.Then, after two days of use, the cell phone died. It was charging, while having around 80% it turned off and there is no chance to turn it on.I have tried different ways to turn it on: plugged to the charger, unplugged from the charger, changed the battery, it still doesn't turn on.I consider it died in less than a week of use.I got the phone on Thursday 26th of June. Today, 28th of June it won't turn on.Edit: some friends have recommended to buy a new battery. If this is the solution, then why do they sell bad batteries with the phone anyways? I can see I'm not the only one who's having this issue with the phone. It turned on out of the blue, but still, it gets to die every time it reaches soemthing between 80-90% of charge. That's not normal. Is there any chance I can get a refund or change the phone?

The phone itself is great. I love that it is unlocked, came with the latest Jelly Beans (4.1.1) software and after a month of use got an update to 4.1.2. The phone is a perfect size, weight, and thickness. The battery life is pretty good.I'm on T-Mobile and it does not work with it well everywhere. I some areas of Manhattan I can get really strong HSPA+ (4G) signal, in others I can barely get EDGE.It is not the fault of the phone, that's why 5 stars, but something that people need to be aware of. The frequency that phone support  is not really compatible with what T-Mobile provides. Although when we went skiing all of my friends with t-mobile phones did not have a signal and mine had 2 bars.Overall I really happy with this phone.

It is the good phone without paying a lot of money. The app in the phone is Franch carrier. So it is a little bit annoy for me. Overall it is a best choice for smart phone with a pocket  size.

Very Very DISAPOINTED &#8230;&#8230;.  I  order it and after few weeks trying to put my SIM CARD and buying few new SIM CARDS  it comes that the phone is LOCKED&#8230;..  and I paid for UNLOCKED VERSION !!!!! So now I have few extra SIM CARDS that I really didn't need because my phone is locked !!!!

I chose this phone because I was leaving the iPhone and moving to Android. I wanted an unlocked phone since I will be switching cell phone companies when my contract ends. No more giving money away to large cell phone companies! I was also tired of Apple and their poor service just because I wasn't paying more on my bill. This phone is also a good size for me since I don't need a large phone. I wish they had it in black but that is just personal choice. I would highly recommend this product.

I HAVE BOUGHT FIVE MINI S3 ON NOVEMBER 2013, AND I AM VERY UPSET WITH YOU I THINK THAT YOU ARE LIARS AS A STORE, BECAUSE ALL THE PHONES HAD UNWELL BATTERIES AND THE CIRCUIIT TO CHARGE IT WAS BROKEN ALSO THE SOFTWARE DOESN'T WORK AS IT SHOULD BE. SO IT IS CLEAR THAT YOU DON'T DESERVE ANY RATE

I love my new phone!  The minute I got it i fell in love and haven't put it down yet.

The phone arrived ok , on time. It was a gift for my wife. The batery doent arrive to 100 %.Also i took it to Samsung in Uruguay and they told me the charger Its not original., obviously, here does not have warranty.

Bought this for my cousin who lives in Brazil! She is so happy with the phone and has no complaints!

Never works. Finished in a  non oficial repair office..................................Very dissopinted.This is my first bad experinece buying with Amazon

Very good buy. The phone I get in good shape and good condition. Switch from Blackberry to Samsung and have found excellent Android system. This team is full faster downloads.

Loooove it! this phone it's perfect. It's Unlocked. I use it in Venezuela and works good with Movistar Digitel and Movilnet 3G

It is in fact Samsung Galaxy S3's younger brother. It looks and feels pretty good on your hands, especially if you don't have big enough hands. If you find the regular size Galaxy S3 uncomfortably big, this is the right cellphone for you. Obviously it's a lot slower than its big brother, even though it's a great deal for the actual price tag.

My friend that I bought this phone for loves it and I bought another one. will let you know when my wife gets it

Excellent product with all accessories 4-stand him as not brought the Spanish language installed and six months in and it works perfectly with Movistar in Venezuela telephony.

Small than the Galaxy S3, what is good because fit in pockets, easily, they send me a phone in the original box, closed!!The phone is perfect and awesome and for who want bring it to Brazil, is ok, im using that here :DAbout speed and camera, i think this phone have enough, more than that is luxury!!

I have not received the phone yet, but I will expect to receive it soon, the purchase is still on the road.

Everything met my expectation except for the picture messages (MMS) that don't open up when you receive them. The phone itself is worth it.

It's locked

excellent, I recommend it 100%, not very big, it is not complicated to use, and has a number of tools that allow you to stay connected all the time.

It is small and it looks great for my ten year old daughter. It looks great in white and has an immense amount of variety for the phone! I love it.

I love this phone. My only disappointment with it, is the volume.  It s too low and there's no way to adjust it.

The phone was all I expected, service was wonderful. Only shortcoming was there was no charger to suit the 110v plugs in the Caribbean... Had to purchase one when I got home

While all archa was a successful and enjoyable operation have made this purchase, the team reached me in perfect condition thank you very much

The sim-card pins got broke (my fault but those are way too weak anyway) but I lost the box so I didn't try to get a replacement.

I'm still wondering if this is a real Samsung product. The phone hangs when trying to dial from time to time.

I like it, it's de better, is an excellent product I highly recommend, is fast and easy to use, to bay

good afternoonI am from Venezuela, I acquired a customizable phone Samsung Galaxy S3 GT-i8190 mini serial: R21F10FB51R IMEI: 351526063542483, his shop through amazon.com, according to the publication I was saying that it was released for a band, but when putting on my simcard calls me a pin code or with any network operator here in Venezuela to unlock the phone, it shows me that it is not released, so I still like to know how they could help me resolve this situation as I need the phone and still no e could use it.thank you very much your prompt response and thanking goodbyeSandra Angel

Intuitive, tons of videos on YouTube to get you learning all the features. Slim and excellent screen resolution and touch.

The phone arrived in excellent condition, the box it was packaged was great so I had to pay for what the shipping was more expensive but arrived safe and secure. I'm using it with movilnet everything perfect. 16.06.2013

I've had this phone for about a week and I'm quite impressed with it.This is not a full product review as many kind owners already have done so.  I'll concentrate on provider/network compatibility, to include mobile data connectivity (speed/capability).Before that, I'd like to touch on a few concerns I've come across:1) 8GB storage - When you view the storage on this phone, the available space reported is about 4.5GB.This is because a portion of the 8GB has been used by Android itself, leaving 4.5GB for users.  Thisis the same on any Android phone and computers. A phone advertised to have 16GB will leave about 12GBor 13GB for user.  Moreover, an 8GB phone actually has a little over 7GB to start with.  OS willalways reserve a portion for superblock when setting up file system.  And, there's always a roundingpreference (1000Kb vs 1024Kb).  Plus, the presence of bloatware.  My 16GB phone has about 13GB offree space after getting a makeover using CyanogenMod (JB 4.2.2).  Therefore, having 4.5GB on an 8GBis about right.  On the other hand, having 8GB of available space on a 16GB is a problem, as is on afresh S4 device.2) Not a new product comment - The box should be sealed, if it is factory new.  Some sellers may haveopened the boxes to perform some locale setup.  Some phones are probably returned items due to buyer'sremorse that are almost factory new.  This is an unlocked/unbranded phone besides the Samsung logo.If the phone asks you to unlock, return it.  If you see any carrier logo (I've read about Orange),return it.  If the language is not the language of the your resident country, return it.  I do believethe default language on an unopened phone is UK-English.  Also, a brand new phone will ask you tochoose a language on initial boot up.  This behavior is also the same on the phone after a factoryreset.3) International phone? - Just about any quad-band GSM phone is an international phone.  A quad-band GSMphone guarantees to allow you to receive voice/slow data access.  If the phone is from AT&T; or T-Mobile, youwill not be able to use it while you travel outside of the U.S. unless your carrier unlocks it for you.  I own aSamsung designed specifically for AT&T; and I've used it in different countries, also with different providersin the same country, just fine - all because AT&T; unlocked it for me.  An AT&T; phone became an internationalphone after a few minutes of chat with AT&T; service rep.  There are certain rules AT&T; may follow to decideor determine whether your phone is eligible for unlock.  Most phone manufactures that used the oncedominating Nokia Symbian OS have supported multi-language for years.  Android is no different.  Sellers love touse the word international as their marketing technique.4) Charger is not correct - Chargers will accept the range of A/C 110v~240v these days, no problem.  Ifthe plug does not fit U.S. wall jack, you can get an adapter easily for $2.  I've been using aEuropean USB charger on all my phones for the past 3 years.  The S3 Mini is not designated for U.S.market, therefore it is not unusual to get a charger with European style plug.Now, onwards with my main objective.The first note on provider/network compatibility is that if your current phones you consider replacing carry the name Verizon or Sprint, or Virgin Mobile, this phone is -not- for you, unless you are looking to switch mobile provider.This phone does -not- work with Verizon and Sprint. Not because the unit is defective, it is simply not compatible with Verizon and Sprint networks. And, no expert at Verizon, Sprint or Best Buy can make it work for you, not even having Amy Poehler with you at Best Buy.  And no, we certainly don't need to activate GSM phone, and contacts can be downloaded onto your S3 Mini from the cloud if you've used Google ecosystem.  So, please, no negative review for this reason.The above note essentially leaves the rest of us GSM users, or potential GSM users, in the U.S. and other countries, to further consider/evaluate whether this phone fits the bill.This phone is -not- tied to any carrier, therefore is an unlocked phone that accepts mini SIM card from any GSM provider in the world. GSM providers in the U.S. are AT&T;, T-Mobile and other mobile virtual network operators such as Straight Talk and Net10, who resell similar services on/through AT&T; and T-Mobile network infrastructures.The model I tested is I8190.  I've read that there are 3 versions: i8190, i8190L and i8190N.  The i8190L is desiginated for Latin America; the i8190N is supposedly the i8190 with NFC, then there is the vanilla i8190 - the original, I suppose.  I haven't come across any document showing these 3 versions are different from network support perspective.  My advise is to consult with the seller for accuracy.  You should also check with your provider to find out what your provider network accepts.The I8190 supports GSM quad-band 850/900/1800/1900MHz which cover just about the entire spectrum 2G/EDGE/GPRS services that include voice service and slow data access. If your primary concern is voice service availability, you are all set with this phone in the U.S., when you jet set around the world or if you live in other countries which is 80% GSM world. And, you can still receive slow data access through 2G/EDGE.  You can also use WiFi as your alternative data access option.If you are also interested in using your phone as an high speed data device, the evaluation has just become much more complicated. This is where I think the biggest part of the community is always asking when potential buyers want to know if this phone will work.  The whether-it-works question should be divided into 2 parts: voice and high speed data access.  The voice/slow data access part has been addressed, and we'll discuss the high speed data access.In the U.S., to get 3G or HSPA-4G, aka WCDMA (not LTE-4G) service, the phone needs to support either 850Mhz or 1900MHz frequency bands.  When the product description shows "3G: 900/2100MHz", you will -not- get high speed data service. This is because AT&T; and T-Mobile do not operate 3G/HSPA+ on 900/2100MHz spectrum.  Yet, sellers can advertise the product as 3G capable without falsely advertise their products.  Please note this carefully.About 18 months ago, T-Mobile launched its new business model of "Bring your own devices" to mostly lure AT&T; iPhone users over. To achieve this, T-Mobile reconfigured most of its 3G/4G network onto 1900MHz, to stay compatible with AT&T; signal frequency. This has made it easier for us to switch between AT&T; and T-Mobile as long as the phone supports 1900MHz, and is unlocked.Please note that T-Mobile may -not- have 3G/HSPA service on 1900MHz deployed everywhere in the U.S., though the coverage is/has been expanding.In the Latin America, most mobile providers deploy their 3G/HSPA+ on 850/1900MHz, and that is why "L" version will most likely cover the entire the Americas. Some providers in the Americas do use 1700/2100MHz.In Europe/Asia, most providers deploy 3G/HSPA+ on 900/2100MHz; the 2 continents S3 Mini seems to target.  The best practice is to check with your mobile provider on the appropriate frequency bands before buying. And, contact Amazon/seller to check the bands supported on the devices.How well does the I8190 play in the confusing 3G/HSPA+ world? Quite well, I think. I confirm through the service menu that, the version I tested is a tri-band 3G/HSPA+ phone, supporting 900/1900/2100MHz spectrum. This is consistent with information I dug up everywhere but it doesn't address what I8190L is.  If we are willing to assume there is no difference on 3G/HSPA frequencies support, I believe the 1900/2100MHz range will cover most of the  3G access in the AmericasThe lack of 3G-850MHz support on this phone may render it less attractive.  Then again, this phone is intended more for Euro-Aisa market.  Nonetheless, this phone will serve as a wonderful phone, no punt intended, maybe even a camera, not a full-fledged PDA.  Please verify with your respective providers for network compatibility.I've personally tested the I8190 on both AT&T; and T-Mobile 1900MHz networks. The phone shows it canconnect to HSPA service, as denoted by the "H" symbol, on both networks.  In theory, it's probably H+ (HSPA+) but hardware design may have omitted the "+" symbol.I've also tested the phone's WiFi range capability and am impressed with it.  The range is even betterthan some of my other devices connecting to the same access point from the same spot.I further compared its speed performance with my Verizon LTE MiFi, and felt that this phone was able to keep pace in terms of internet access.  I tested apps download on the phone from Google Play, and I've also turn the phone into an access point for tethering from my tablet where I tested apps download and update, just to push the limit a bit.I have no intention to compare 3G/HSPA+ speed with LTE speed, particularly when I'm using two different providers on two different types of services.  I used this setup just to see how well the S3 Mini stacks up against a carrier-optimized device running on its native network. The user experience does not disappoint, I feel the S3 Mini can hold its own.  It is swift on the 3G/HSPA+ network as a mobile device, and being an access point to my Android tablet.To recap, here are the points to note:- GSM phones will -not- work with Verizon, Sprint or any CDMA operators.  Keywords in the product description to look for are "GSM", "unlocked","international phone." Such keywords imply you're looking at a GSM phone.* Amazon does have a separate section for phones with service contract which includes Verizon and Sprint, along with AT&T;, if you enjoy shopping on Amazon like I do.- With GSM 850/900/1800/1900MHz support, the phone will guarantee compatibility for voice/slow data (2G/EDGE) service anywhere in the GSM world.- 3G/HSPA data access depends on HSPA bands supported on the phone. Frequency must match network operated by the specific provider. 3G bands are 850/900/1900/2100MHz.  This phone supports all but 850MHz.- Be sure to buy the phone that has the proper frequency support. HSPA quad-band is the safest choice if available.- Must match at least 1 of the HSPA frequency to receive 3G/HSPA data service.- In the U.S., a phone with support for HSPA 1900MHz band will get 3G/HSPA service on both AT&T; and T-Mobile networks.- Get detail info on supported bands from mobile provider and communicate with seller to ensure the phone has support for the particular frequency bands.Cheers!!

looking for a good and low price phone... stop looking, this is your buying option... it has the same operating functions as the bigger S3

I am fascinated with my new cell phone. It has the best benefits of a Samsung but it is smaller! I find it really easy to use and navigate around. It has great features as the &#34;Driver&#34; mode that reads the messages out loud. Very cool!

The phone is a complete upgrade from the bb pearl I used to have. OS Android is easy to use

Ok, the main point that I chose this phone is it is in right size to use in one hand

I must say my expectations for this phone was fully met. All applications are functioning well. Really I am enjoying it.

So when I decided I was done with Blackberry I wanted a phone that was around the same size as my BB9700.  This is PERFECT.  The Galaxy S3 is too big for me, but the mini is perfect for me.  Already had a Galaxy tab so it has been easier to transition to.  Oh and figured out how to transfer my BB contacts to this device for free and in 1 minute (use bluetooth - yup, that easy)

it came good. this product it bring to. venezuela. just in case sos vnzla. sos vnzla. sos vzla. sos ven

I loved this cellphone so much, I like than is not too big or too small, is just super cute. The charger came deffective, I called amazon and they sent a new one in two days (no extra cost). I'm using it in Venezuela :)

I think it's a very nice phone, but it's only 3G. I'm a T-mobile user, nevertheless my phone cannot take advantage of the 4G network which is disappointing; web access is very slow at times. Other than that, the android features and capabilities are great.

the phone arrived in very good time intact and all its accessories .. but here in Venezuela when I place the SIM card does not grab me came out coverage mistake to take you and me indicaro technical services that only works for parts ... the only way to grasp the SIM signal is connecting it to the pc ........ if I could return it but I would do it gladly in Venezuela and sadly I can not make that kind of change

This phone is o nice is not as huge as the regular version and is so fancy! It arrived super well packaged and super fast!!! great price!

My mother is in love with her new best friend(Samsung Gt-i8190 Galaxy 3s), she texted me the other day just thank me, she's happy I'm happy.

My daughter saw this phone and ask me to order it for her.  The moment she received it she was ecstatic. It works well and I will recommend it

Love that i got this product from this buyer. i got it at a great rate and very quickly and came with a paper that said it is returnable if it was scratched. this product was brand new to the point that i personally broke the seal and worked with my tmobile carrier. i am 100% satisfy and this buyer is a a good buyer,

The phone this in bad conditions, the battery is not the original and the back cover come to other color but working normal apparently.

Excelente producto y excelente servicio... El telefono cubre mis espectativas y es de muy buena calidad.El tiempo de entrega mejoro lo convenido para el envio..Gracias.

I bouht it for my son. He is very happy. It is also very kindly to use. As soon as I can, I will buy another.

Works perfect in Uruguay. Its really new and unlocked. Deliver in the original packing with everything inside.Its all good

WiFi has stopped working only 3 months after purchase. Tried contacting the seller and Amazon tells me they are no longer in service!Going to reach out to Samsung directly and update this review when I do.

is very fast, it is unlocked factory, brand new, but it doesnt come with manual, no headphones , and the battery is not original !!! the phone is samsung original (not the battery) , everything else is perfect !!!

I love this cell phone!Faster and stable without lags as far as I use on these 5 months!. You will love to!

I love the size and styling of the phone.  Unfortunately, the phone was defective.  The phone would shut off and froze up every time I used it.  For this reason, I give the phone 2 stars.  I was really disappointed when I experienced these issues with this phone!

good

excellent

Good:Very vivid colorsSame look and OS as Galaxy 3 but smaller &#34;more elegant&#34;Very solid constructionGreat gorilla glass 2 screenNever gets hotGreat battery lifeGreat sound due to the EQ. featuresRemovable battery cover in case u need to replace the batteryScreen size the same as an iPhone 5 but shinier thoughNot so good:The chager comes in two pieces so it losens all the timeBattery cover is plain and simple &#34;not so attarctive&#34;Monaural sound coming from &#34;one&#34; speaker, it is not so loud and not very clear but good enough to hear people talkingAverall:better than iPhone 4s, a great conttender to iPhone 5 and HTC one mini.

It is a nice looking, works well over wi fi. It has wide coverage area and good speed.The phone arrived on time and in good condition.

with my earing i think because it never fell down and now its all cracked and i cant find a part for the display

I recommend this product for any GSM carrier, good price for the phone! It's small and that's what I like. The front camera doesn't take good pictures, they look like pixelates and doesn't have flash in front. It has many apps you can use btw. I feel really comfortable with this phone :)

El equipo es bueno yo ya poseo un s3 y aun cuando es un equipo inferior se mueve bastante bien es peque&ntilde;o y mas comodo por lo menos para mi gusto' y lo mejor es que oevanta 3g con digitel vzla.

The product is good, but within 3 days I have a cemara problem.  I tried clicking the camera icon, it opens and give error &#34;camera failed&#34; or &#34;unexpected error&#34;.  When I tried to find a solution in internet, there is no clear cut solution to this problem.  I am not expected, such a low quality product from Samsung.  We understand there are problem, but there must be solution provided by the manufacturer....

Good phone

I bought this phone and get it on time. It came with some charge and I put a new SIM card. It sorked. I left it charging for 3 days but it didn't charge att all. Shame, I wanted a Samsumg so badly.

I got this phone for my boyfriend for the holidays because of his job he need a small phone to carry and this was perfect, when he got it he absolutely love it and the camera is insane, the only issue is the internet in certain areas since this phone havent come out yet in United States probably thats the reason why sometimes he got some issues but besides that this phone is a MUST have if you like small smart phones. Just get it.

My daughter really like it. She just changed from a Blackberry to this Sansumg Galaxy SIII and she is very happy at the time.

Works similar to the galaxy s3. Only problem is that you can't take screen pictures and is not easy to find a case for this particular phone since is not so popular.

perhaps i receieved a bad unit. It wouldnt connect to the network half the time and when it did it was only on Edge network and would sometimes read &#34;H' unsure what that means.

all fine but not have the usb cable in the box why ? just the battery, phone and phone charger.I think can resolve this minimun problemfor that just  stars if u solve this can 5please.

This is my first smartphone.  I researched for a long time and it had to have the following simple, but important features: Small enough to fit in my pocket, camera, video, text, and phone with audible, clear sound. This has all these features and so much more!When I first turned it on it came in a different language, but the easy start up settings allowed me to change the language. I also downloaded the english version of the manual from samsung.com.  Just google it, you'll find it. This smartphone is so easy to use and If you want the battery to last just disable the apps you don't want to use.The camera is my favorite feature.  I recently went on a trip and the pictures and video were awesome. I dare say better than my digitial camera.I also love the calendar widget.  I can enter all my appointments and tasks and it displays on my home page and keeps me on track.I have T-mobile and everyhing synchronized beautifully.  Even the employees at T-Mobile were blown away by my phone. They had never seen the mini and they thought is was so cute.Anyway, if you're looking for something easy to use, this is it.  I'm not a techy guru so I guess if you need fancier features then buy a huge brick phone, but I think this does just about everything a person needs. The only downside is that since its not sold in the U.S. a warranty is not provided and T-Mobile won't insure it. Why it's not sold in the U.S. is beyond me.  I also bought my phone from Delta Mobiles and I didn't have any problems.

Recomendado 100%  confiable y seguro para realizar las compras, son personas serias y honestas dignas de confianza a la hora de realizar las compras.

thanks!...

I love this phone, is fast, slim, light an beautiful.I like the colorI recommend it all my friends

The phone works perfectly. But it isnt unlocked, can you send me a unlock pin for it please, i need it!?

its really fast but laggs games especially asphalt 8 its not for every one but if you have small hands like me i better recommend it the screen is vivid but if u look closer you can see some pixel but angle is awsome the its self is really slim and light but slippery though i recommend so casebecuase its really slipery the front of the phone is awsome just like the s3  the screen gets a lot of fingerprints too

buen equipo no me gusto que no trajera auriculares, ni memoria, pero todo esta en perfecto estado. desde venezuela. gracias

EXCELLENT

I bought the Blue one of these, but it's the same phone so I'm posting my review here as well...I've heard a lot of back and forth reviews on this. I love this phone. I live in the U.S. and i have consumer cellular as my phone provider. I bought this phone, stuck my sim card in it, and had no trouble at all setting it up. All i had to do was go through initial set up steps like language settings (it was in English (ireland) and i changed it to english (united states)). Connected to our WIFI and the WIFI at my work without any problems...this phone amazes me with what it can do in a phone that's not overly bulky. My brother got one of these as well and i set it up exactly like mine without a single problem.

I am still learning the features of my phone and sometimes find it difficult to understand some of the features but it is a good phone and I guess once I have mastered some of the features I will grow to love it

Got this for my son, who absolutely loves it. Fits in a pocket nicely, has nice resolution, and does what the big phones do, at a reasonable price.

The phone takes me to get to Venezuela, and the phone came with faulty logic card, the seller indicated that I could not return policies, give me recognize another computer or something to fix it. He said he will contact the warranty for samsung, samsung to do it and I check the IMEI nme said these teams are brought from China and have no guarantee nor Venezuela nor united states. In short I lost my investment. Take its forecasts do not recommend this seller and I am very unhappy with their attention to the case.

Mobile Beautiful, fully recommended, its handling is very simple, easy application download, no error on the server that I use

This phone only works on GSM, is a sadness to have a phone that does not work on 3g! I hate it...

im so happy to have my brand new cell here.the qualitty its very goodi have no idea how good it is

EXCELENTE, JUSTO LO OFRECIDO EN PROMOCIOM, MUY SATISFECHA, BUEN TIEMPO DE ENTREGA, EL MODELO QUE RECIBI ES EL SOLICITADO, EXCELENTE

works excellent in Venezuela, recommend, everything perfect up H +, it is very comfortable, has the right size, very good

This is the phone I wanted and was looking for and it's the right one for me and my wife

This item is a koran knock off.  Looks very real but it is not.Pay close attention to the firmware version and battery.  Box is also a give away!

Really an excellent telephone in my opinion ion more resonable size than the S 3 I had in thepast  thanks

TELEPHONE WITH MANY PROBLEMS, ONLY turned off, was reset, lost SIGNAL ARE REPAIR SEVERAL TIMES, YOU MISSING A SCREW. A NIGHTMARE

I wanted a phone size, android to slip in my pocket.I use T-Mobile pay as you go unless I travel and then switch to $3/day plan.  The Phone works well with T-Mobile.I  get about 2-days out of the battery without turning off GPS WiFi etc.

es un buen vendedor, entrego de forma rapida la encomienda y en buenas condiciones el telefono, para estar en venezuela la compra fue excelnte para mi

you send me a used or refurnished stuff what a mess F**CK YOU the package the headphones the battery adapter all a SH***T used this thing restarted

I'm very please with the purcase of this product, Is a good cell phone and fits perfect in your hands, better than bigger ones! NIce seller and very nice product !

The phone is sooo great, I live in Venezuela and works without any problems with the phone companies, the OS is so friendly, Samsung created a very easy phone and office to the pocket.

Coming from a phone with a physical qwerty, I found this to be a big change. The phone was light and slim, it also had a very bright and crisp screen. The display of the regular S3 is better, but this phone more than meets my needs as a not-compulsive cell phone user. I mainly text and send email, occasionally use navigation and sometimes use the data like if I need store hours or to find an ATM. First thing was to change the language as my phone was international - but it was a breeze. It read my T-Mo SIM card with no problems, synced up my contacts via gmail and them synched up my bookmarks via chrome and danngggg I was on my way to being a Samsung fan.

Just to warn other customers, I am terrible disappointed in the quality of this phone. It dropped only 2 feet, and all the screen has a big crack on it now. Very surprised with this lack of quality from a Samsung phone. I have own a Captivate and an HTC, and they have been more durable than this.This lack of quality really feels like a joke from Samsung on the customers, paying over $300 for a phone which the screen easily breaks like that? I haven't had the phone more than 2 weeks and now the screen is broken.Reading online, as a weird exception from the other Samsung phones, this one doesn't come with Gorilla Glass. So buyer beware, if you drop this phone THE SCREEN WILL BREAK.Very dissapointed in this phone, don't buy it.

I love this phone!!!! I have had it for a couple of weeks and absolutely no complaints. Great price and it shipped really fast.

Great phone! Good quality, worked right away with my SIM card in my country. Recommended!! I didnt get an inovice though

This phone is terrible:- It freezes when I talk- It does not ring when somebody is calling or sending a message- It does not call when I want to call- It does not send messages.Restarting helps but only for a while. Sometimes I needed turn it off few times per day when I had T-Mobile. I switched to AT&T; and now still once a day I am turning it off.This phone comes with language set for German and Europe charger, I needed adapter to charge battery.

I've used it for about a Week in Colombia. ..with claro works fine but I haven't tried other companies. ..I'll be editing this post letting you know if I have any trouble or if the situation remains this way..

In short, is a terminal with a very striking curves, very well finished, with materials that are basically plastic but nice touch, weighing well suited for handling that is both comfortable and do not slip through our hands .

I love this phone, It was new and came super fast. The product and quality of service is amazing. I love the Samsung S3 mini and YES it works perfectly with Metro PCS once its unlocked! Shipping was super fast!

the company is the best!!! 5 star.  I thought i had a problem with adapter and right away they made it right.  SUPER product and SUPER company to buy from

Battery dies very quickly.  Randomly shuts down and restarts.  Would not recommend should work better fot that price.  Disappointed with this purchase

i bought this phone to work in the caribbean and i cant complain. i had questions for the seller before i bought and they answered all of them. i would recommed this phone to anyone.it came fast and in great condition.

Excelente producto, portatil, muy buen dise&ntilde;o, lijero, muy buen precio, buen acabado, elegante comodo, recomendado 100% desde venezuela. good good.

I received the phone with all the accessories wrong. The charger is not made for the US, not for UK either, but for some country I do not have a clue. The earpiece is old fashioned which does not fit the socket on Samsung S3. The phone is preloaded with a non-English software. Is this a new phone? How could this happen?

great phone, fast processor, came sealed in box, you and downloaded several programs and games and social networks is still just as fast, desbloqueado de fabrica, factory unlocked, good for buyers from other countries, I'm from Venezuela and works ecxelente

Love this phone.  It has so many functions I am still learning as we go.  The charger is giving me problems, strange it will only work with one charger.  And the music function is really difficult.  But I really like it.

for those who just need email, take some picture, use social apps this smarthphone is very usefull specially for work

Security seals were open, not just receive my product in that state, I buy a new product is not an open product.The phone is faulty, the battery runs out very quickly and the phone turns off constantly.receive a product with open security seals , is to buy a used product. not what I buy.

it ok ,i have no problem with it, its really newes muy rapido y liviano las aplicaciones son buenisimas

No updates available after 4.1.2 Android version for Samsung GT-i8190 Galaxy S3 Mini. But it could be a good product...

I got this phone two days ago after a huge snowstorm. I really didn't expect UPS to be delivering stuff that day, but they did.I got this phone to replace a Nokia c6-01.  The first thing I noticed was that it is about half the weight of my old phone and the screen is much bigger. It is also twice as thin. I put my sim card in and my memory card. All the photos and videos I took with my Nokia were there, along with all my music files.  Since installing my memory card, I have realized that I have too many photos. Most of them I have already transferred to my computer.I don't need to preserve them on my phone. I am going to reformat my memory card.I set this phone up so I could send and receive text messages as well as email. I also like the voice activated google search. Also, I don't have to use a keyboard every time I want to send a message. I just speak the message. Speech recognition on this phone is great.I realize this is an unlocked phone originally meant to be sold in Europe, but the charger I got with this cannot be used in the USA.  I don't see why I didn't get at least an adapter or a travel charger designed to be used in my country. I noticed that other reviewers got one of these with their phones. I guess it depends who you get them from. Also, I think it would be helpful if Amazon corrected the grossly misspelled word in the description of this phone ( verison should be VERSION).UPDATE #1:I have had this for a week now. I forgot that I had dimmed the screen to save battery power.  It was fine when I wanted to read what was on the screen in my house, but yesterday I had to use the phone in bright sunlight.Increasing the screen brightness did the trick.Also I learned that to send an MMS message, I had to connect to mobile data. The MMS message incurred no data charge, but I still had to connect to mobile data. Strange.

If you want the best cellphone on the market. Buy this Samsung I8190 Galaxy S III Mini Unlocked. Is Amazing

Great phone! My daughter loves it. Very reliable so far! Great price for what you get. Fun to use and navigate on.

It's a good device but the battery, its during is veey short period. You have to charge it constantly. Sometimes the device turns freeze.

el tlf respondio bien y esta trabajando muy bien. es espectacular e increible. estoy enamorada de mi galaxy. Y la entrega fue simplemente genial. Los accessaries indicados entraron y funciona muy bien. Recomiendo producto de distribuidores en todo el mundo.

The phone did not meet any expectation. It goes off 10 minutes after it is fully charged,hangs more often. In fact there is nothing good about this phone. lt is a fake product.

failure load and I had to buy another battery, if the phone do not charge the battery goes out to buy new

This phone was a gift for my cousin and she loved it. The price was good and she said it is working very well. Thanks.

The samsung galaxy phone is just as I saw it. And the delivery was just great. The accessaries as stated came in and it works just fine. I recommend product from worldwide distributors. They sure know how to satisfy their customers.

My phone is great. Good for multi-tasking and I'm able to get all the latest apps. Very intuitive and great interface!!

The box was open may be it was returned item. The phone it self is not bad it works like entry level smart phone.

Today I get the phone and it's horrible and it was a big surprise to see that is not new, is used!!!. I did not bring the manual, cd, headphones, the battery is not Samsung, is generic, as the box. the battery cap is loose. the metal internals look ugly and dirty.I have the pictures.I'm not sure what the meaning of the Word &#34;new&#34; for these people.I trusted in the ratings of the seller and sadly I lost my money and time.

The order were place on time, the mobile works perfectly and the feedback was good. I have anything to complain  Well done!

It was really sad to get the cellphone and discover it was not sealed and for several reasons realize that it was an used cellphone. At this moments is really hard to meet honest people.

easy to use, fast to respond and just love it, anything I need is there, have not found something that need and it's not there

everything about it is great! except the front camera... the image does not look good.if that is not so important to u, then..

Tthis is a ggod way to entry to the smarphones.. if you don't want to expense a lot of money in other models just go with this

WHAT WAS EXPECTED. I AM HAPPY WITH MY PHONE. APPLICATIONS HAVE EXCELLENT. THE RECOMMEND 100%. GET TO VENEZUELA IN PERFECT CONDITION

Samsung I8190 Galaxy S III Mini Unlocked Android Smartphone - White excellent phone samsung galaxy s3, excellent camera, excellent pictures

I`m very happy with this phone and how it works.The pictures it takes are great and it is very easy to use in all its functions and apps

the phone is great but the battery was apparently bad, it hurt me in about a week ...

Filled all my expectations and works very well here in Venezuela (Movilnet). I recommend it. I would return to buy.

The product is fantastic for about a week. LCD touchscreen stopped working and wont unlock. Samsung Philippines and Samsung US would not fix item. They say this item has LCD issues. I have for over 2 months now am trying to get a warranty on this item. I am still trying to figure out how to get it repaired in the UK. No help from Seller. No help from Samsung USA.

I Wanted to buy is Samsung GT-i8190, But he realized after the arrival of the goods is GT-8200L. Anyway, It's asmall problem. I quite like it.

good morning, sending product was quite fast, but the phone does not charge with your original charger, but the phone battery charge but very slowly and the battery is not lasting long enough, because of this problem I need to communicate the seller to see that solution can give, thank you very much for your attention ...!

THIS IS ONE OF THE BEST CELL PHONES I EVER HAD, VERY FAST, SOFT MULTITASK APPLICATIONS, AND VERY ACCESSIBLE IN PRICE

necesito por favor me envien el traiking al correo

It came with Russian language and was very difficult to use. Battery failed soon after receipt.

I live in the United States and when I redial a number, it automatically adds a plus in front of it. The phone then thinks I am making an international call and it will not go through. I can still make calls through my contacts list but when I return a call through redial, it adds a plus. Is anyone having this issue? This phone is great but the redial issue is very unusual.

stay away from samsung galaxy. Faulty, dark, blank unresponsive screen. faulty motherboards. no warranty. please don't purchase, or be dissappointed.

compre mi telefono samsung galaxy s iii mini con la empresa, al llegarme a mi pais venezuela, resulto que a pesar de que en la descripci&oacute;n dice que es DESBLOQUEADO no lo estaba y he tenido que pagar un costo muy alto adicional para poder disfrutar del tel&eacute;fono, no cumplen con su oferta. por lo dem&aacute;s el tel&eacute;fono funciona muy bien, la empresa cumplio con el pedido a tiempo y no tuve otro incidente. agradezco tomen precauciones para futuros compradores, saludos

I'm happy with my new phone, is very complete, the size is perfect, this excellent loved android, I'm happy :)

It is a great phone. The product is the same as the description and I looks really cool and easy to use.

working perfectly in my country El Salvador. Im pretty happy overall with phone. Cheaper than other models and pretty fast.

Did not work with data unless on wifi. only had 4gb of internal storage ad said it had 8gb internal storage. phone quit working altogether a few days ago. only a couple of weeks of light use.

This was a gift to my brother who lives in Venezuela, I sent the phone to him with my mom, when he got it and put it together , the battery of the was not working at all, so now he in Venezuela with a &#34; new cell phone&#34; that does not work at all even thought  I paid $ 265 for it. Very disappointed

I'm totally dissapointed with the purchase. The pin charger is not working at all so i can't use the phone because i can't even charger it. Also it seems like a secondhand s3 mini. I want my money back.

I bought this phone for my teenage daughter and she loves it! In fact, per her recommendation I just ordered and received the Galaxy S4 mini and so far love it!

Excelent cellphone for a standar user. Had no problems with it. Worth the money paid for it. Buy it worhout doubt.

So far so good. Nice buy, good price, id recommend

I think the mini somehow comes from Europe as the plug is different but comes with adaptor.  the phone is great though.  A little small for typing sometimes but very portable.

It's a good cell. White, my favorite color, and i love android. It suits my needs and have great image

It's what the descriptions says, great product, very light, battery not so good but you still can buy a replacement

Hi!The cellphone was as described on the web site. It is ligh and the performance is amazing. I strongly recomend it.

complies with everything a smartphone must meet, is very fast, is elegant and extremely comfortable, design incredible. I recommend it

I bought a Samasung Galaxy III mini for my daughter and she accidently dropped the phone from her legs, while she was sitting using this device, and the screen got damage. It seems to me unbelieveable that device like this can be so fragile.

The cellphone is excellent, its lightweight, it so fast if you dont download so much programs, and the seller is excellent, the ship was so fast and the invoice was sent to my mail few second later, i bought it.

It is wonderful product. Everybody was talking about the SAmsung phone so i wanted to try it.I have iPhone but i like to try Samsung. The problem is I am in the Dominican Republic on vacationand i lost the phone so i did not get to enjoy it and lost all my photos. I hope you help shut down the phone.

Everything good... Thank's for the product... Comes with all accesories, very complete, very nice, and the Android IOS is prety...

I buy it on black Friday. But, only few day later, now the price drop a lot. Thus, I am not happy for my phone.

Its good. Im not as wowed as I have the phone now. It sticks alot thou. And shows a black screen for almost 15sec. Its Samsung fault thou.

I love my Galaxy S 3 mini! It's a great phone that is easy to use even for people that are a little behind on moden touch and smartphone technologies. The phone is small and lightweight and fits easily into small pockets and such. The camera is way better than any camera on any phone that I have used and seen. The call quality is amazing, and the phone works really well even with very little service.  The battery life could be better, but at the same time the phone charges really quickly. This is a five star phone because it was very easy to use and get to know. The S 3 Mini  is definitely worth the time and money, and it is sure to leave you satisfied. Almost all the major apps like Facebook, Instagram, Skype, Gmail  and Chrome are for free in the app store, so not only can this smartphone be used for calling, but also for social networks and games. This phone never stops giving me pleasant surprises.

Samsung I8190 Galaxy S III Mini Unlocked Android Smartphone - White excellent 100 x 100 percent recommended and responsible . . .

I previously owned a Samsung Galaxy S3 but i wanted it in the mini so that it can fit in my hand without the feeling that it would drop onto the ground if i mishandled it. Thus far, the only thing negative that I've experienced is that the phone freezes at times but i remedied this issue by returning the phone to its sleeping state and it bounced back like usual. Other than that, i like the product and the Samsung galaxy experience is still as i remembered it - highly unique and better than any other phone I've ever had. Thanks a whole lot for providing me with quality service!

What with reading comments about some of the delivered phones not being in new conditions, not unlocked and other problems, and not having an U.S. warranty; I was apprehensive of ordering.However, the phone was delivered in two days from Jupiter Mall in a sealed box with the phone protected by cellophane, and including all the proper accoutrements. I plugged in my AT&T; sim card and it worked fine.My previous phone, a Nokia N85 would not act as a "hot spot" for my Kindle 8.9, something I desired.  This Samsung does.I had unlimited data on the Nokia with AT&T.; When I previously changed from a N75 to a N85, my unlimited data transferred with out a notice  from  ATT, who I far as I know, no longer offer unlimited data.  I was hoping it would slip by to the Samsung.  Not to be.  ATT almost immediately emailed me that my new smart phone was not eligible for continued unlimited data and signed me up for 3 GB plan, the smallest I believe they offer.  Oh well, no turning back.On the plus side, the data transfer rate (using speedtest) using my laptop through the phones as hot spots, is four to five times faster with the Samsung.The battery life was not good until I took some advice from some reviewers on dis-enabling some apps (search reviews for info). Also, leaving the wi-fi off when not in use is a big help.All my contacts came across to the Samsung with the sim card.  However, as far as I can find out,the Samsung contact list only allows for a one mobile and email entry, nothing else such as addresses or notes.I pretty much agree with all the positive comments about the phone.And that is all I have to say about that.

It is an excellent smart phone, and although this is not a 2014 phonetherefore has much to offer the Owner

I ordered this phone on July 6 and it came on July 10 which is a few days earlier than estimated date! That means I'm very satisfied and happy that the phone arrived early! The phone got everything I've needed in a phone which is great. Also almost every single app in the Play Store is available for v4.1 Jelly Bean. The camera is great (5 MP) and the phone is quick and doesn't have any sign of lag when gaming or browsing. You can hear other's voice clearly when calling and on speaker too. No problem watching videos, listing to music, and playing games because the phone has a good processor and has a good amount of RAM. I give this product 5 stars because I'm very happy with it!

I wanted to pass my S-3 to my 22 year old son, to have the &#34;perfect excuse&#34; to be able to move on to the new S-4, but since we live in Argentina and he travels in piblic buses and trains, for security reasons, he wanted/needed a smaller phone, with all the goodies of a full S-3.Hes very happy with it!!

Excelente movil tiene gran cantidad de funciones, conectividad, camara hd, procesador robusto, en fin un equipo muy completo y funcional.Gracias :-)

Im from Colombia, the celphone is great and is on perfect conditions! , Thanks for all, see you later because I think I will buy one more for my wife.

Just like another buyer, my phone was also a defective one. After less than 2 months, I started to notice some issues with the mobile antenna, with the Wifi connection and with the phone's back cover.I got this answer back: &#34;our returns policy allows for exchanges and returns to our store for 30 days after the delivery date of your order&#34;I do agree that the return policy is too short, even because the malfunctions started 1 month after the acquisition.

Its cute, good size and take nice pictures. Easy to use and very usefull to work outside the office. Only difficult to use is the keyboard.

phone felt like it came out of a gumball machine. very poor qaulity sent it back as soon as it came in mail!

the operation was very fast and the seller is excellent, this product realy is fantastic, take a pictures wonderfull and have all caractics that necesary for me.

EXCELENT

Because it is amazing and I want to give it to my wife and now she is so so happy

For the price it is a good phone, I am just sad over the fact that the silver trim has a small crack. The phone never fell, I also covered it with Aero armor case on day one and invisible shield but still the crack occured I believe because of the weather. For the price samsung should use better material.

I received this phone on 12/26 and accidentally dropped it on 12/29 and it broke.  I didn't drop it on a concrete ground, simply on a laminate floor and it broke!  So I'm not sure how the phone itself works because I really didn't have a chance to use it.  I have always been &#34;old school&#34; when it comes to certain things and the phone is one.  A thicker phone, no matter how outdated, you can drop a million times and it still works. It was cute, though.

The phone is in italian and it never works fine.After 1 day the screen doesnt work anymore. I send back the item and ask my cash.

buen tama&ntilde;o, buena calidad de resoluci&oacute;n, dentro de los standares para  un uso com&uacute;n, si eres mas exigente comprate el s3 y si eres un usuario b&aacute;sico este es ideal

Bought this item recently. Great Product! works perfectly in Guyana, South America. No glitches whatsoever! Such a cute and handy phone. Thanks!

Excellent, i love it... It is very rapid, cute, nice and it's one of the best equipments that I have had...

Love this phone super fast shipping I satisfied with the purchase of this phone great screen does all the stuff  perfect size for your hand. Thanks amazon.....

Was exactly what I was looking for! It's a great smartphone and not to big either. It is also very compatible

this is a nice phone... my wife love it... it's a super phone... not to big, just the right size for her.

Coming from a phone with a physical qwerty, I found this to be a big change.  The phone was light and slim, it also had a very bright and crisp screen.  The display of the regular S3 is better, but this phone more than meets my needs as a not-compulsive cell phone user.  I mainly text and send email, occasionally use navigation and sometimes use the data like if I need store hours or to find an ATM.  First thing was to change the language as my phone was international - but it was a breeze.  It read my T-Mo SIM card with no problems, synced up my contacts  via gmail and them synched up my bookmarks via chrome and danngggg I was on my way to being a Samsung fan.Some notes:  1) this phone takes a standard SIM, not a micro one. 2) The three buttons on the front are sensor lights.  There is no indicator light.  3) Use battery save mode and tone the screen down to a lower brightness to save battery.  Mine phone rarely goes down past 50% in any day when I do this.  I don't play games on my phone and I turn off most widgets that pull info like the annoying weather one.Overall, I really like this phone and as I use it more, I learn new things like how to use blocking mode (how to block certain contacts and even at certain times), how to manage apps and turn off energy wasters, and how to arrange shortcuts on the screen the best way.  I am a little behind on this technology, but this phone has a sensor where it knows when you are looking at the display and the phone won't auto dim on you if you are looking at it. Pretty cool.  Also, I have only used S-Voice a handful of times, but it has been pretty accurate and I am amazed at all the little things this phone can do.Good little phone for small hands and although the price is a little steep, I still like the phone a lot.  I also had a gift card, so that helped! No complaints.

the product arrived on time and with no problems. I have been using it for a week in more than one country and I'm quite happy with it. Totally recommended.

i love my phone, it works perfect!!i recomend this phone a lot for people that doesn't like too big phones, it is pretty inconspicuous for going out. good!.

This phone breaks easily! There are no covers available at T-mobile. Mine is now not usable due to a minor drop off of a coffee table!The merchant did his job without issue.

I buy a samsung galaxy s3 mini GT-I8190N, which received the day May 22, 2014.. upon removal company costs, I noticed that I was incomplete without the battery, without headphones, without the battery charger.

I got this cell phone in March 2014 and so far I am loving it. It has all the applications you want to use and also broswer opens pretty fast.

DESPITE THAT I PUT A POSITIVE FEEDBACK AND 5 STARS, THE PHONE TO GET TO VENEZUELA AND TURNING DISPLAY FILE MULTIPLE COLORS AND THIS DOES NOT DAMAGED

The phone stopped working in a matter of days. This was my first time buying an electronic offline and I'm not sure if I'll do this again.

The small, compact size of this phone meets our needs perfectly. All the features I want for my daughter is in the phone. We can stay in touch better while she's now getting more active in soccer. Sharing the Google calendar will make life a lot easier for all of us. It's also relatively fast and can keep up with everything that a young teenager can do with it.

Came in a sealed box, covered in plastic in excellent condition and works perfectly. As a novice to a smart phone, the S3 mini was simple and enjoyable to use.

muy bueno el producto me llego todo bien.. gracias-Very light for its size, isn't too big-3.5G is pretty fast (Btw the power saver feature can throttle your bandwidth aka internet &#34;speed&#34; apart from the processor)-Android 4.1 preloaded-Very smooth UI-Still has the good multitasking feature on GS3-(Call Quality) So I tested its battery life with voice calls. On one occasion, I had a 1 hour long call and it battery was down from 100% to 90%. So that equates to probably a 10 hr continuous talktime with a full charge. Very clear speaker-Touching/Pointing is accurate-Sensitive screen

I have owned one of these phones for about 5 months, and I can say without hesitation that it is the worst Android smartphone I have ever used. I experienced a long list of issues with this device.-First, there is no reason why it should exist at this price point. So far as I can tell the only reason why anyone ever buys one of these is because it says "Samsung Galaxy SIII" and it costs a lot less than a real Galaxy SIII. But underneath its roughly the same as a bad Motorolla Atrix (the first generation one that was state of the art back in 2011). $300 for an unlocked GSM Android phone with a 1ghz CPU, 8 gigs of storage and no LTE? Give me a break. The Motorola Atrix HD I replaced this with (much bigger higher res screen, better camera, better battery life, 50% faster CPU, and LTE capability) was actually cheaper. In late 2013 this would be a $100 phone even if it wasn't a complete piece of crap. I made the mistake of ordering it because I get a drop of water under the glass of my real Galaxy SIII knew I only had a very few minutes to order a replacement before my screen would be gone forever and my phone unusable, and I did not have time to shop around or check the specs carefully enough. Don't make my mistake. If all you need is an HSDP+ phone with a 1 gig CPU and minimal storage there are a million old models that are reasonably durable, work properly, and are much cheaper.Other problems with this device:-Like the real Galaxy SIII the screen is very fragile, only moreso because the glass is thinner. I cracked my screen by knocking it onto a wood floor and the drop was literally 2' I'd left the phone sitting on to of a small paper shredder.-Everything that Samsung finally did right with the real Galaxy SIII (good quality sound, relatively long battery life, generally good fit and finish, general lack of bugs in the OS, reliable bluetooth connectivity and tethering, ect) they cheaped out on with the mini. This was a direct throwback to the original quirky and unreliable Galaxy S and I mean that in a bad way.-The typical side mounted power/wake button used on so many android (and esp Samsung Android phones) was way oversensitive, as was the touchscreen. I've never seen a capcitive touchscreen that could be activated by so many random touches that did not come from my fingers. This caused constant random setting changes, ass-dialing and ass-texting worse than I experienced with some phones with push button controls, and some setting changes I never even figured out how to reverse.-GPS reception was also the worst of any android phone I've used (and this was my 6th) it was the first such phone that did not allow me to use the Runkeeper app to track the distance I run because it would constantly loose GPS reception in the park where I'd finish my runs.-Call quality on the receiving end was abysmal. My conversations were constantly interrupted because the person on the other end could not understand me.-Finally, after just 5 months, the phone quit charging. Even though I spent over $300 on this thing, and its still under warranty (I admit I'm typically really hard on phones, but I was very careful with this one), and it cost me well over $300, I'm honestly not sure whether I'm even going to bother to send this in. My 3 year old Samsung Infuse with the cracked screen is seriously looking like a better backup option.Ok, look with every phone some people are bound to get a lemon, so its not impossible you could order this phone and not have the same oversensitive side button/screen issue I had. But you will inevitably overpay for this thing, and its going to be way slower than the real SIII. Also I doubt the crappy sound quality, GPS reception, bluetooth, ect was luck of the draw. More often than not, Samsung has put out phones that in my experience did not have the same quality hardware as say Motorola (my previous real Galaxy SIII was an exception to this), they obviously cut corners left and right with regard to the specifications they advertise, so I strongly doubt the low quality I experienced with regard to the hardware components was simply bad luck with regard to quality control. Bottom line, the "full size" (ie real) Galaxy SIII is a very good phone apart from the fragile screen (I don't know anyone who owned on for more than 4 months without cracking the screen), and totally worth owning if you can stand the price (which is still high even though there's now an S4). The S III Mini on the other hand is a terrible phone, noticeably inferior in just about every way possible, and sold at a ridiculously high price considering what you get. Avoid it at all costs!

The product arrived as described by the seller, Is a great smartphone. At first hung up on calls, I restored it to its factory settings and the problem was solved. Meets my expectations

I wanted to upgrade my wife to a smartphone.  Her one reservation was that most smartphones are too big, and are too tailored to male ideas of what looks good.  This phone was perfect for her.  It has a very good feel, and is about 3/4 size of your typical full sized super phone.  Yet, I have found it to be a fairly capable phone.  It has the horse power to run all of the same apps that my LG Nexus 4 runs, and can handle apps like Netflix with no problems.  The price was right as well.  She has been very pleased with the phone.

I feel like Samsung build this phone for me and my business. It has many features and do the work for me.I am self employee and driver i most of the time received text message for my job and after each delivery i suppose send to the base the proof of the delivery.In this case this phone is perfect one.I can text or receive a message when i still in call. When i drive i just give to the kids to play many free games provide by Samsung company  and answer my phone call from my bluetooth speaker at the same time.I never ever had a good phone like this in my life even though i had before iphone 3 3s and 4. Thank to Samsung and thank to Amazon for giving me opportunity to buy this phone for cheap price.

It's such a strange s3 mini, I compared it with my friend's s3 mini and is totally different. Plus, I was reading the reviews and it turns out that it doesn't read the SIM! that explain why my phone doesn't work with my Internet movil, just Wi-Fi. Also, my camera has no zoom! what's that? I'm going to try to return it.

I got this phone about 3 months ago. About a month ago, I noticed a slight charging problem. Now, the phone won't charge half the time. Sometimes I have to turn the phone off completely for it to charge. I'm pretty sure it's the phone. I've tried different outlets, several new chargers-- it's a no go.  I'm buying an external charger with two extra batteries to avoid the problem. Other than this setback, the phone works like a charm otherwise. Supposedly, this is a common problem. Just wish I didn't encounter it so early after buying this phone.

The phone came in a box that was not original Samsung, the battery was not opriginal Samsung and no use, and user instructions were generic androids equipment were not Samsung

This is the most amazing phone i have ever get, i love it, it is really nice because it is not too big and you can manage it very well, I JUST LOVE IT sooo much!!

My wife loves her new phone. She goes on and on about how it's easy to use and the perfect size to put in her purse.

She was very happy!  She says the phone works well, came in original packaging and it is having no troubles receiving or making phone calls and all the features work!! She is very happy with this product!

I have used it in USA and in Venezuela with Movilnet. It works great. Lots of memory and very good performance.I believe the price/value ratio is excellent for this phone.

This phone, despite it being a 3g, feels no different in performance and acceptability comparing it to the s3 regular.

i was switch from a BB 9360 to a samsung galaxy mini S3, tha gap between BB and samsung is huge, too fast, shiny screen, thousand of aplications to download and IT WORKS IN VENEZUELA WITH MOVISTAR, 100% recomended

I have not had any issue, it works perfect in Mexico.The only reason is 4 stars is because I dont like to use the adapter for the power, but works fine.

Love it  easy to use and it  helps with the little things like calendar updates and important emails straight to your phone

I'd give it zero stars. but that isn't an option.  Phone worked for less than a week and then the touch screen and buttons quit working so there was no way to use the phone.

Took to Mexico to give to a friend these phones work good and has a SIM card that's why I picked it !

I love this phone.  It has everything I need and it's the perfect size.  My husband just purchased a new Samsung 5 and it's sobig that I can't imagine carrying that around in my pocket!  My phone fits nicely in my hands and fits  nicely in my purse.I love my calendar, email alerts and access to the web.  It's just a great phone!

Good phone, functional and fast, is as good as I thought it was, nothing bad to say about the device.

So I bought this phone in October of 2013. I was on a family plan with AT&T; and had a flip phone for it originally. I was given another old 'smart' phone by a friend and when I did Data was added onto the plan. I wasn't able to use it so I wanted to buy a newer smart phone to use what we were paying for on our plan.Everything was working great at first. Around late November though my Data stopped working, and I thought it was the plan, and then realized it was the phone. I thought maybe it was a glitch that sometimes devices got those and I have been meaning to reset it to see if it fixed the problem.So the people I was on the plan with decided to switch carriers, so I was left with an unlocked phone. I got a SIM card from AT&T; for a GoPhone plan. I paid for it, even made a call to tell my mother that I had a phone number again.THAT'S WHERE THE REAL PROBLEM STARTS. All the sudden I couldn't make or receive calls or texts. I spend forever on the phone with AT&T; and they tell me that my account was locked because the phone I was using was reported stolen.STOLEN! I had bought this thing, it came right out of the box, even had a seal on it that said do not accept if seal is broken. The seal wasn't broken.I've been using the phone for months and now all the sudden it's stolen!? Far too late to return it now! I'm pissed! To top that off, I can't even put that SIM card into that old smart phone I have to use the phone for work because the account is locked and their fraud department won't unlock it.

this is my baby. replaced my iphone. much lighter smoother and same size. i dnt like huge phones, i like this, its perfect size. yup. its banging.works with h20 straight talk.

The phone works perfectly!!! is totally unlocked! Is a great phone really thin!  it came complete in a box with all accessories.

excellent phone is the best gift you can give a woman, despite being dual core in gaming performance is quite similar to S3

I love this cellphone! at first i was afraid because some people wrote it's not the big thing this s3 mini but i really loved it!!! I have 4 gb for my apps and i've download at least 10 so far and my memory is still 3,89 GB free!! all others things, well the camera take nice pics, front camera not so well but they're fine to be avg camera. It's a new world changing fron blackberry to samsung! Hope you buy this cellphone cuz you won't regret it! i live in Ecuador southamerica and works perfectly with Movistar GPS. ;) hope you love it too!

Bought this together with a iPhone 4 so I can compare side by side which is better. The screen size is actually  than iphone4 . However there are some downsides that seriously negatively affect my scoring on this item. The charger is the most stupid one I have ever seen, it plugs into an adaptor and then another adaptor before it is able to plug into a power outlet. The stacking of adapters not only looks awful but very inefficient as well , it disconnects from power from time to time during charging. Several times I charged this phone overnight but only got 10% charged! The seller tried to help me with a replacement charger, but it does not well either. The second drawback is its typing input. Other devices wll let you know which letter you touched and selected from the tiny pop out keyboard but galaxy mini does not .this is particularly annoying when typing passwords that the screen does not display the letters you typed. Except the above , this device is good.After writing the review above, one commented that it's stupid to give a low rate just because of its charger. The problem is more than the charger, it's design needs to improve as well. The on/off button on the side is so protruding that it's very easy to accidentally touch the button and uneventfully close the screen you are watching or working on. Because it happened so frequently to me( I believe same to other users t) compared to my iPhone 4, I tend to like more of my iPhone 4 and dislike this mini .Now the price is again dropped another $50, it's not too bad to buy it compared to unchanged iPhone.

Good value for this price relationship celullar , very easy to use and most importantly, excellent quality, very practical product use

both wifi and bluetooth don`t work on this phone, and i had a really bad time charging the battery since i had to charge it for two days before it started to work.I think this isn`t a brand new device since the programming appears to has been manipulated and also the wifi and bluetooth failure looks like a refurbished devicebad choice!

cell with damaged screengood evening, I'm from Venezuela ...unfortunately for problems beyond my control received the Computer three days ago,and this from the moment of the present configuration screen failures, shutting down the touch function, as you know the problems here presented with repuetos Appliances by lack of dollars to import them get very expensive repair so urges me know as I do to use the warranty on this phone and I make the change or at least repair it.I could easily send it to friends traveling to the city of miami constantly, but will wait for an answer from you to follow your instructions.thank you very much in advance, if you can leave me some contact to communicate would be helpful.Daniel Requena+58 4243212849+58 4143454274

It fulfilled the expectations. All the features and apps are good. Its light weight and holds the charge long enough.

the phone is very good but it doesnt come in spanish sow now i have to donwload a new software for the spanish version

I really liked this phone.... (past tense because it was stolen less than a week after purchase). Very user friendly, fast and slick!There was, however... one big problem. The phone kept shutting itself down after a couple hours of not being used. I looked for this problem online and found a fix on youtube. Supposedly, by scratching the metal on the battery, it would remove a film that improved the connection and allowed the phone to stop shutting down. I tried it and the phone would make it a few extra hours without shutting down, but ultimately, it would shut down again.I thought perhaps that I didn't scratch the film off properly, but alas, before I had a chance to try to fix it once more, the phone was stolen.

For this phone to be called "mid tier" is just a load of shit. This little thing is the real deal, in a smaller more hand friendly size. The screen is no doubt excellent, games work great, flawless speed and great battery time. Lots of cool little features you can mess with, i would reccomend this ohone to anyone looking for a bargain price but full quality. Another win for samsung.

Ask before you buy! I purchased this phone and it arrived quickly. As I unpacked the box I first noticed that the charger had a European type electrical plug (round vs. flat prongs). No adapter was included. I then pulled out the paperwork and reviewed the small instruction booklet. It was written in Hungarian. Now the manual is available online in pdf format and plug adapters are readily available, but I was irritated that further review of the Amazon listing did not mention either of these items. I called Amazon and they immediately emailed me a return label and issued a credit. The phone was on its way back in less than a day. It may have still been a good deal and perhaps I acted in haste. However, the item description might have mentioned these 2 facts.

However, it does not have Swype. Weird. I get dodgy signal every now and then but thats not a prob. I just restart the phone. It doesnt happen often but it happens every now and then. Im in North Texas by the way.

The phone has so far lived up to it's hype.... A very good buy for anyone. The features are really great. A good way to spend under $200 for a phone.

This superb phone with many features is just right to fit into my jean pocket or in a small purse with ease. Since this phone has EXCEEDED all of my expectations, here is my very detailed review of this very special and fun to use Mini S3 phone. My goal in this review is to help in your buying decision one way or the other regarding this phone.

This phone from Open Source Wireless came with a European Plug and instructions in a language other than English. There is an enclosure suggesting calling them if there is a problem, but this is such an obvious inconvenience that it's going back.

This is the best phone I have ever owned. It is very fast and responsive. Easy to use and set-up. I loved the S2 but this is even better. Before I bought it I was debating whether to get this s3 or the iPhones but after comparing my phone with my friends iPhones, this was defiantly the best choice. I think all the features are great, but my favourite is the camera. It is 8MP but some of the settings and options make the camera brilliant, some of the photos I have taken are better than photos I have seen on professional cameras.The screen is excellent and is the clearest screen I have ever seen. The first thing I did when I got the phone was play the sample movie, it shows how clear and detailed the screen is. Videos in High Definition are very clear !!. The sound is very clear too. I like games, so i'll comment on that. The performance for games is amazing. I downloaded 'ShadowGun' Which is free for the S3 from the Samsung app store. The revised version makes use of the quad core processor in the phone. The visuals are details, smooth and hardly any jagged edges. It performs with a solid frame rate; and I've never experienced slowdown on any games. The graphics are powerful enough to emulate play-station games.Other notable features are the sensors in the phone which do more things than I've actually used yet. This phone, granted, is expensive. But it is so worth it. This phone is so good, it's better than a phone people have to hack to do things with.Pros: Lightweight, technologically fantastic, excellent features, long battery, well designed.

It's a very nice phone, not big to carry and has most of the important applications you'll need. Love it

Wireless Experts Inc. I bough 14 NEW phones and they sent me refurbished phones, I cant return it because the phones is on Venezuela!

I purchased this phone because I had had a Samsung previously and really liked using Android phones, the only problem with my prevoius phone was the fact that it had too little RAM (200mb) and kept freezing and rebooting.My brother has exactly the same model and is very happy with it, so I thought I would get the same one.The phone its self is great, however the particular one that I received from Cellular Distributors, did not have the advertised 1GB RAM, it only had 500MB. It also turned off randomly, which I'm assuing is from the lack of RAM as it required almost 450MB of the 500MB to run without any apps open.In addition there were 3 instances in less than a 1 month that I had it, that an error message appeared, randomly, and the phone became non responsive and needed to have the battery taken out in order to reboot it.Just to summorise, this is a really good phone and my brother has really enjoyed it with non of the above problems, however I believe my phone was a dud and did not meet the specifications as per the sellers details.I will purchase this phone again, but not through this seller.

this phone does not work in the U.S.this phone only works in Mexicoseller lied in the description of this productdo not buy this item

excellent phone. very fast. for me is ideal. it gave my mom and she loved it. I highly recommend it. is excellent. very good

I had many problems with this phone!! I send it back twice and first it worked, but after 3 days, they had the same problems like before. I couldn't charge it and at the end I couldn't turn it on anymore. When I wrote the people, where I bought this phone, they were really nice and i had no problems to give it back.I know many people who have this phone and have no problems with it, but I had a lot of problems and would buy me another one.

the phone is the same as the description, it took a little longer, but it was totally OK, i would recommend this store...

I bought this phone for a birthday gift. My niece is very happy with her new Android system. Highly recommended.

nice telephonetoo fastpretty colormemory 8gb internalresolution amazingyou can get many applicationhave play storeit's light i love it

I recommend to order the smartphone in white, it looks better. It came in its box with the instructions, the earphones, etc. But the charger is crab... it came broken

hi, I bought the galaxy GT-i8190 on March 16, 2014 Today I received the order and put it to charge for six hours and when I turn it on is faulty when you turn the screen was black but the buttons and menu and return the screen turns black forever please i need a solution that could do since I am in Venezuela.

obtained phones are not new but repowered must be aware of their suppliers as this harms you must change the computer

This phone right out of the box had problems charging. The phone doesn't stay connected to networks and all in all it just doesn't compare to a phone you can get here in the US...yep that's right this phone is a foreign phone that just has problems here.

great phone, I am here in Jamaica and it is working perfectly it came unlocked just as they said it would.IF u dont want a s3 this a great small smart phone.

I had similar phone before , but this phone is much lighter and so many improvements, although the battery is not very powerful, I have to keep it in power-saving mode. definately it's great value for money

Works great, fits in my hand perfectly.  Not to big or bulky, screen is big enough for size of the phone.

The cell has a different Samsug at the box company, was bought as new but has dubious appearance, did not come with the manaul of Use

setting up and using exposed functions are simple and easy to use, very versatile. I am very satisfied with my purchase, I highly recommend it.

It's Ok but This don't have an adapter to charger normally wall, and doesn't work to a 3G systems here in El Salvador

I purchased three of these as gifts for my in-laws, they were all new and in the box but one of them were locked! My sister in law had to shell out 20 dollars to root the phone to make it accessible for her to use her sim. It works now but I'm just warning those who think about purchasing that they may get a phone that is still locked and hope you can find a store who'd root it for you for little pay. But as for the others, they work well and didn't need to be rooted.

This is a very good phone. Ver fast and confortable. It runs good in Venezuela. I recommend you a lot.

I can't handle it  very well yet, but i very satisfied with it. It is so light. Thank you very much

i bought this phone and i was all exited for all they said in the videos about the phone  and now i have it and it  freezes all the time  and i tried to return it and now they wont let me  thats what happen when someone buy stuff on line  they dont care if your concerned

Simple and potent, actually the phone was for my daugther and she use it for videos, music, internet etc, and she is really happy with it

As a good entry-level smartphone, the Galaxy SIII Mini is worth the price.It has all the bells and whistles you would expect from the Galaxy S series and works really quite well.  While it probably won't meet your standards if you're looking for the newest and best, it does what I need it to do and does it really well.  It stands head and shoulders over the other phones of this size that I have tried.Basically, if you're looking for a somewhat cheaper, smaller alternative that still has Android 4.1, a 5MP Autofocus camera with flash, and a dual core processor, this is the phone for you.Update: It occurs to me that I left out a detail that might be important to some.  This is an international phone, and as such it supports a wide variety of languages. However, when the phone first arrived, it was set to French by default, which required me to set it to US English.  If you've ever navigated an Android options menu, then this should be easy to fix, but I thought it was worth pointing out for anyone confused when the first turn the phone on.

The phone works well, but the keyboard is so small I can't seem to type anything correctly.  The camera sucks.  Everything else works fine, and sleeker and smaller than most smart phones in this category.

El tel&eacute;fono no llego liberado a Venezuela, es decepcionante la oferta que hacen y no cumplen con lo ofrecido y ahora quien responde por eso......

I love it this cell phone, i had a blackberry and i switched to android technology with this samsung galaxy. I recommend to everybody who love play, chat, check e-mails and tweet from their phone with a friendly and quickly software, and more.

At first I loved this phone. It has a lot of features for fairly cheap. However, it only lasted 2 weeks. One night I charged it and in the morning it was dead. Would not turn on at all. I have 2 batteries, so I put a fully charged battery in it and it still would not turn on. After doing some research on the internet I found that this is happening to many phones. It is being called &#34;sudden death syndrome&#34;. Three of my kids have the same phone and now I am worried that theirs will do the same thing. Because it was an international phone and made in the UK i have to contact them to have it repaired. Would not recommend this phone, neither will I buy a new one.

My order was shipped from SHIPFASTTECH and it arrived used, not new as expected. All the plastic bags (except thankfully the earbuds) were opened, the cords unwrapped and poorly re-wrapped, and fingerprints all over the phone itself on the screen and the back case. At least it was &#34;reset&#34; and no data from the prior user was still on the phone. The battery showed 57% charge when inserted.  So far it seems to operate well, as if it were a new phone. Came with a USA charger. It is a nice size and has a nice feel.5 stars for the phone 1 star for the vendor, so I give it 3.

The phone is just excellent.Everything works smooth and there are not lags even when running games such as jetpack joyride....Altough hardware is less powerful than the big S3, Samsung did a greate job with the Jelly Bean version to make it just as goodBattery life is excellent. Without enabling any of the power saving features the phone lasts easily more than 24hrsThe only reason I didn't rate it 5 stars is the camera.I will start with the bottom line, the pictures & videos are greate even on your computer monitor. The problem is that there is a 1-2sec shutter lag due to slow auto focus especially at low light conditions. I don't understand the reason Samsung didn't put the same auto focus as in the big S3, where there is zero auto focus lag... I hope it can be fixed in firmware, and that it will be fixed in one of the near releases.

My wife has hers with the monthly AT&T; plan, which is very economical and with no contracts. She gets both phone service and data when on the road, however the phone also has Wi-Fi so when at home or near any other hot spot, like at hotels and coffee shops, internet comes directly from the wireless router, and of course is free!What really impressed us was the bright display with true colors, outstanding. The camera also takes great outdoor pictures and video, my only compllaint is that indoor flash pictures are a little weak if not close to the subject. The menus and all apps work well, as in trure Android fashion. Battery life is typical for smart phones, lasts a day or so. This phone is also smaller then the full sized S3, which for us is a plus, easier to carry and fits in a shirt pocket. Like it so much we'll probably get a second one.

I bought it to use it in Venezuela and worked well for no more than a year untill it never turned on anymore. Because of the distance, I went to a samsung authorized costumer service here in Venezuela, and they allowed me to see how this piece of crap wasn't a new one and assembled with used parts with very low quality welding points and poor finishing. DO NOT BUY FROM Lucky Buy Retailers

I bought this phone for my wife on her birthday and she definitely loves it. Would recommend for someone that prefers smalls screens and has small hands.

I arrived with display problems

I bought 2 of these but the signal does not go up to 3G. one manual was in french and the other was in french.

Although very neat. I must say I got what I paid for, with the nice saturated colored are brilliant form factor

It's a great phone. Almost all the features of Galaxy S3, just in smaller size. I bough it for my girlfriend and she loves it.

Update.  I contacted the seller about replacement or refund of the phone.  I was told I can't because it past his return policy.  I am in Afghanistan in a freaking work zone.  I just got the phone not to long ago because it takes forever to get mail at times.  I wouldn't recommend this seller to anyone.  I have bought many things from this site.  This is the first person I have made a written review on.  Terrible, it is really terrible.  This seller does not stand by its products.  I hope everyone reads this post before you ever bye from him.I bought this for my loved one.  She recently received it.  Two days later it will not work.  We took it to a shop to look at it.  Phone is a goner.  What a waste of money.  I am very disappointed and frustrated.  I guess this review is as short as the phones life.

It is a great smartphone, has all funtionality that i expecting from samsung galaxy series. Recommendation check 3g frecuency of your contry, because in M&eacute;xico just Iusacell has a 3g network compatible.

excellent product, works perfectly to work with Movistar (Venezuela), love is everything you want in a galaxy in the ideal size, reponsables sellers and recommended.

After finding a website that shows whether or not phones are clones, I've found out that mines is a clone! Unfortunately, I'm unable to return it because I'm no longer in the US. But these providers are very unreasonable and inconsiderate.

THIS IS NO A Samsung I8190 ITS A Samsung I8190N. WHICH COMES WITH A PROCESSOR NOT AS GOOD AS THE REAL  I8190IT DOES NOT COME WITH 8G OF INTERNAL MEM JUST 4.

You should take into account if it is exactly what you want.I like everythinghad full use, calls, read emails, play, alarm, radio, all applicationsI used to use iphoneexcellent!!

MY PHONE ARRIVED DAMAGED, THE PROVIDER PROMISED ME TO SEND ME ONE NEW PHONE AND CHEATING ME FOR SEVERAL MONTHS. NOT FULFILLED HIS WORD, HE NEVER SEND A NEW ONE. I SPEND TOO MUCH MONEY FOR TECHNICAL SERVICE, AND EVEN THE PHONE DOES NOT WORK PROPERLY. I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PROVIDER. HE IS NOT SERIOUS.

Adequate for daily use! Not as fast as other newer models. Arrived on time, had French as primary language. Definitely the better brand in Android products!

very good with a relatively cheap price! easy to play with,but the storage might be a little small and the usage time of battery is a bit low...

The best thing I ever bought on amazon this device is superb I works great and its small and neat

I love this phone! It has been a great purchase and the seller was good and the phone came in perfect condition.The phone is easy to use, light and beautiful. It is fast, the battery lasts 2 days even if I play, read a ebook, check emails, recive notifications, etc. Usually the battery of my previous cellphones lasted 1 day, which this cellphone battery is great in my opinion.

Bought this for my husband and he loves it! It is everything he expected, and it is working good so far.

This is the first time I ever bought an "unlocked" phone.  Essentially, I always got the subsidy phone (i.e. free/cheapy phone) whenever I renewed my contact with Tmobile.  However, since they've scrapped their subsidies, I figured it was time to branch out a bit.I was torn between the Galaxy S3, and the new Nokia Lumia. Was honestly leaning more toward the Nokia, but my friend has been having nothing but trouble with her Nokia (different model, to be fair) so I erred on the side of caution.I bought from one of the independent sellers and figured I was totally safe since I already knew this model was compatible with my carrier.  WELL, no one told me about "international" phones, so imagine my shock when I opened up the box and EVERYTHING was in French. (next time do MORE research before purchasing.  Lesson learned!)Charged her up (thank GOD it's USB, because wall charger was European), and turned it on. After fumbling around for a bit, finally set the language to English.After that, everything is great! The OS runs super fast (or maybe it just seems that way since my last phone was the G2 (google phone)), and navigating a website in Firefox no longer makes me want to smash my head into walls.  Video runs smooth, and I hardly ever have streaming issues (especially on wifi).Speaking of videos, the picture is amazing, and for scale, the screen is almost the exact size of a credit card.  Lightweight, palm sized, and let's face it... it's cute as hell!When I first showed this phone off to my friend, her exact words were:  "That's not a Samsung Galaxy.  It's too damn small!"  Apparently the mini isn't well known?  (or maybe just not in the States?  I have no idea..)My only gripes are minimal:1) being a European phone, apparently there's something about the device itself that makes it so you cannot disable the shutter sound when you take pics (even if you have an app to do so).  Bummer.  No more taking covert pics of drunks on the bus.  (It's pretty loud, too).2) The display does not have 4G.  After doing some research on this, learned that for whatever reason, 4G is displayed as "H" (to mean "high speed"?)  But when the "H" is up, it is, in fact, running on 4G.3) Sometimes there are inexplicable signal drops.  Not sure why this is happening, was never an issue with the ol' G2.Anyhoo, hope this helps if you're thinking about it.

Cellphone is new, and excellent product thank you so much, I'm actually enjoying my new cellphone with a lot of aplications... i'm from Venezuela...

I wish I bought the Galaxy SIII and not the mini. The camera resolution is very poor, and the phone does not look healthy.I bought 2 Galaxies SIII's before and they were very good. Now, I feel that I have just thrown my money for nothing.

Worked perfect,comes in its little box with all accessories, this fully unlocked to all operators at Intenational. Fast shipping, 100% recommended.

all fine the product is very good, is a fast cellphone, smart, very good product, and the size is excelletemt, no to big, no to small

Started using this phone on april 24 and the phone charge dies within hours of being fully charge plus it is auto shutting down and rebooting like every 30 mins

The process was fast.I like it because it is safe, I did not like that I did not get the invoicerecomendable  100%

I purchased a phone that was advertised as new from Pacific Cellular and received a used phone.  The phone arrived without a seal on the box, battery was not in a sealed wrapper and took too long to charge and discharged early. You could see that the phone had been previously handled, with fingerprints all over the back and front cover.  Thank goodness for amazon, as their staff were very helpful in getting a full refund.  I recommend avoiding The seller and choosing one whose products are "fulfilled by amazon".  I did wind up reordering the same phone from Top10cell, fulfilled by amazon and the phone arrived within 3 business days.  The phone arrived with 2 seals on the box, which clearly states to not accept if broken or missing.  Inside, the packing and contents were as they should be, battery in its sealed case and NO fingerprints all over the phone!  The phone itself is very nice, thus far it has been working quite well and seems to have a boatload of features for the price.  I will leave the technical review for the techies...and there is a great one by a "daisy s."  I recommend getting a micro sd card to increase storage space...I got a 32 gb card.  So, in summary, thumbs up for the phone, an excellent buy, thumbs way up for seller Top10cell and amazon...thumbs way down for Pacific Cellular distributor, out of Idaho.

not send the version you buy, sent another version (I8190N) Asian version, no Spanish language, the team need to Latin America

This is a great phone... I really like the user interface. Its a great smartphone to start out with. I have had good success with it.

Very good phone still learning the many features that it provides. Had to go online for a user manual as it does not contain one in the package. Better features than the iPhone and its a great size especially for women

The phone did no came with 8GB of internal memory as advertised. It has 4.5GB.I am very disappointed and I arranged to return it.Company must be serious and don't lie to people.

Really love samsung products. Already have tab n laptop was just looking to complete the lineThe size is just right for a lady's hand

It is what my wife wanted to have, simple to use, small to fit her pocket, yet very powerful android phone.

I bought this phone for my mother, and after a year starts rebooting non stop I try hard reset, factory reset, and now every time it shuts down it ask for the complete setup, totally sucks, its like new it. I trully didnt have any trust in Samsung and with this i just confirmed my suspicious, now i'm going back to the brands i now that really work, Apple and Nokia.I don't by any means recommend this phone.And they don't have any forums for support about the issues i experienced with this.

Easy to handleNot to big and not to smalGood feedsAkku is after 1 day empty when i use www

I purchased this phone over a month ago and so far I give it 3/5.The phone does not come with flash, you cannot tap with another phone to share pictures ... The keyboard is so annoying!It says that it does not have 3g or 4g but if you have good signal the phone does work on 3G but not 4G. The phone on wifi works pretty well but is really annoying when you outside talking on the phone and want to check some email, you cant! Only 4G or WIFI does that.If you want to use this phone for simple use go ahead! but don't expect a full smartphone feature.

Great smartphone, cheap price. I am very happy with it. It is beautiful and works really good. I run some heavy games and it worked really fine. Great Choice!

Note to consumers, check this phone for factory defects before buying. If you can make sure that you get a brand new unit, that would be better. The back side seems like made of some poor plastic material and can easily break when trying to flip it open to put the battery and sim card (be careful not to break it). Invest in some nice protective case if you want to use this phone for a long time.

It's amazing. It becomes my day easier.

ya me fue entregado todo bien como me fue ofrecido ya lo active y esta funcionando bien. saludos hasta la proxima compra

Love the smaller size and android operating system. Also the fact that you can add memory is a big plus.

This product very small, so it's very hard to send a text by it's small keyboard. I don't like this product.

it has been a while since i purchased this device and it still holds up, it functions just like a regular galaxy (duh I know) but I would say if you do not like iPhone's nor the big Samsung screen then definitely use this as a phone it's like the two phones in one.

cant afford the big galaxy try the mini. I ordered the mini version for my brother and love it. so far it works perfect. thanks.. also very fast shipping which is also great.

I bought this for my teenage daughter and she is really happy with the product and all the stuff it does.

Got this for my mom as a 'starter' smart phone. She really likes this device! Responsive, clear calls, and intuitive. I did have to remove several pre-loaded apps to increase battery time, but overall she is very satisfied with her S3 Mini.

Oh I just love my phone it is so smart I dont have to to to my computer any more

Very good telephone, but I go only 10 months with since he buys it and trumping this one, already I cannot load it because when I him connect the loader what happens it is that it unloads the battery instead of loading her. Pense that was the battery but try with other one and the same thing happens, also intete with another loader and nothing. The telephone it does not also read PC when I connect it. And on the battery having placed him it ignites automatically like when I connect him the loader and this one extinguished. I am very sad because indeed it was dreaming of this telephone and now not that happens to him.: (

i havnt the package i dont know where is the package and i need the cellphone but i dont know where is i want to know what can i do?

I wanted an unlocked cell phone to use with sim cards when I travel abroad. It's small and easy to travel with. I've already tried popping in a sim card while I was in Mexico with their Movistar cell network and it worked like a charm. I'll be heading to New Zealand soon and will, again, just pop in another sim card and use it while I travel there. Much easier and cheaper to use the sim cards from the country your visiting than to tack on expensive roaming packages from our cell providers here.

The samsung s3 is very stylish, very practical.What I do not like is that I came with the data cable. I came with an adapter to adapter enrg&iacute;a.I get the data cable and see that it is very important.For the rest it is a good product I have not had news for the moment.

Love everything about it! Wanted a new phone (have a work iPhone) and wanted to see what the android hype was all about. Well, believe the hype, this phone is the perfect size and offers all if the bells and whistles I was looking for.

I want too apolilla because yesterday i sad that I could-t turn on...But later i figure out that I conect the Battery in a Wrong way,so I chanche it And evry thing came perfect,,,I really Love these Phone it os trate,,,thank again...Mr Sanchez....

por el producto se pago a muy en precio, funciona de manera optima trae muchad funciones y aplicaciones novedosas la camara es excelente y es facil de usar

I love this cellphone, it has the capacity of been the best cell of the year, good cuality of the screen and colors, the software is fast and has a lots of applications to download. Excellent.

Learning how to use the phone.The phone uses lots of battery even in power saving modeVery good calendar system.

I like this cellphone because is fast, I can see the pictures with a good resolution, the size is perfect for a woman and the price is good too

I have to say that It was exactly what I was looking for, good product. Unlocked for all operators in Venezuela.

Sorry dude I bought you a phone, I don't know if u remember who I am, but 2 months ago I wrote for telling u that I have to bought a new battery because the one that came with it was generic. When I arrived to my country Venezuela, WIFI didn't connect anymore and I took my phone to a repair center and they told me that this problem was because a problem with IMEI and suddenly my phone started getting crazy!! Im really ANGRY with u because u are a liar and a fake. A swindler better said I hope anyone bought any product that you sold. It cost me 239$ and the additional battery 53$. Now I need to sold it for repair because it doesn't work anymore. And I know that u won't resolve my problem. In my country is really hard to gain dolars because our condition.. Wait for ur answer

This phone is just perfect. It works in Venezuela perfectly which means it is truly unlocked. It accepts 3G network and all its features work prefectly. The delivery was on time and everything was great.

It has the perfect size for me. I wasn't looking for something too big. It's as fast as I require. And maybe, one of its best characteristics, it has a very good look.

I am loving my galaxy and the fact that I can use it anywhere in the world with my plan! Unlocked is the best!

Problem is battery short life :( I love this mini though not hard to carry in my pocket. Wish battery is long life ..just 4 hrs battery low I never used so much...just check if I have text check about time only... Battery really poor :(

The phone restarts EVERY MOMENT, I HAVE NOT BEEN ABLE TO DOWNLOAD ANY APPLICATION configure NI, GETS STUCK, PHOTOS COME wicked.

I like it because it is usefull and in good conditions; however, the battery goes so fast. it hardly lasts all day.

excelente!!!!

I am not satisfied with the product. The phone is not unlocked.Product specifications indicates that this unlocked. receive the product is not unlocked, not the product meets my expectations. bad ServiceJon&iacute;s

This was a gift to my daughter and she loves it.  It was New and Unopened..sealed as described.  Charger was included and it came within the timeline indicated for shipping.  We are very pleased with the product and the Seller!.  Thanks

I used for 3 months and it was great, but then it just stop working and it cost 150$ to repair it, so it is better to just buy a new one

Tell you, the seller is not the best, the device signal is going down very quickly the battery, and after that has the product when I get the headphones were not coming.

DESDE VNLA, MUY MAL PRODUCTO, PARECE QUE FUE RECONSTRUIDO, AL ABRIR EL PAQUETE YA LA CAJA DEL TLF HABIA SIDO ABIERTA, EL PROTECTOR PLASTICO DE LA PANTALLA ESTABA RAYADO (SIGNOS DE USO). LA BATERIA Y EL CARGADOR NO ERAN ORIGINALES. AL DIA SIGUIENTE DE EMPEZAR A USAR SE APAGO, SIN ENCENDER MAS, LO LLEVE A UN TECNICO AUTORIZADO SAMSUNG Y ME DIJO QUE EL EQUIPO TENIA PARTES QUE NO ERAN ORIGINALES, UNA DE SUS PIEZAS ESTABA MAL SOLDADASVNLA FROM VERY BAD PRODUCT, IT SEEMS THAT WAS REBUILT, BY OPENING THE PACKAGE TLF BOX AND HAD BEEN OPEN THE PLASTIC SCREEN PROTECTOR WAS STRIPED (SIGNS OF USE). BATTERY AND CHARGER WERE NOT ORIGINAL. NEXT DAY START USING IS SHUT OFF WITHOUT TURNING OVER, TAKE IT TO A SAMSUNG AUTHORIZED TECHNICAL AND I WAS TOLD THAT THE EQUIPMENT PARTS WERE NOT ORIGINALLY WAS ONE OF THEIR PARTS BAD WELD

It is far far better than Galaxy Ace. It's almost like an S3, but more convenient. I really recommend this cell phone

This producr came demaged, the first time i turned on the wi fi didnt work. After 12 ours it turns off and i coudnt turn it on anymore.

Battery efficient. Fast. Compact. Great design. Loud. Reasonable. Durable. Has almost all the bells and whistles of a Galaxy S3.

Nice phone.

Perfect phone for me. works great on my Tmobile plan. I just placed the sim card from my old lg into my new galaxy lll mini and it was ready to use. So far I am very happy with this phone. The size is perfect, the sound is clear, and all of the features work. This was a UK phone and all you do is set it to US english.

excellentI loved its size, software, color. I love having everything in one. Emails, Face, Twitter etc.. Takes excellent photos, plus you can connect with my samsung smart tv, too many features to handle. Loved it! Bello.

It is what i wanted.I like because it is small and usefullIt has a lot of applications.I can recommend to everybody.

I plugged in the charger that came with the phone, & after full charge & unplugging the phone it still said charging & quickly lost battery. In order to make it stop showing the charge icon, I have to remove the battery each time. The phone randomly restarts too. Upon looking at the charger, the usb connection had a burn mark on it & the wall adapter it goes to has a rattle. I used it once & it was NOT for the initial charge. I used my old android charger the first couple times & had no issues.The defective charger has now fried this phone.... Very disappointed.

i order a phone from this site when the phone reach in the Caribbean  it cannot work because it is locked thank please donot buy this phone

I liked the phone while it worked. After 9 months of use, the charger port began smoking and melted - so glad I was in the room so my house didn't burn. Expensive purchase for 9 months use.

Hello good morning, unfortunately the purchase of equipment not turned anything nice, because when I purchase Realize thought this team was unlocked for any carrier internationally and was totally false, because when I arrived the team was the opposite of what you as a company that offered ... Ocacionandome delay and additional costs that now I did not have to incur to return amazom, as the team could not use to be locked, and here in my country did not work and can not be unlocked. . My recommendation is be honest when publishing their computers ... Thanks

I had to return this phone: big disappointment since I love its size, interface, and speed. Two days after I received the phone, the wall charger stopped charging. The charger that came with the phone was cheap looking and the micro USB was already slightly loose before it stopped charging. I tried several wall chargers, but these phones expect some fairly specific chargers. After several attempts, I succeeded in getting it charged using an iphone wall charging block and a Samsung  Galaxy Note 10.1 charger. Then more charging problems appeared: the battery would not fully charge even letting it charge overnight night (it would reach 86-87% maximum); the phone would discharge rapidly with modest use (email reading, a couple of phone calls/text messages) even with power saving mode on and terminating applications often. Final problem: as I heard that upgrading to firmware 1.4.2 may help with the charging issues, I tried to update it using Kies. Kies would not even recognize it as a Samsung phone. I tried various versions of Kies, with no success. It seems like this phone cannot be upgraded in the US unless you do in an unofficial way. At the end I gave up: too many issues; I could not trust this phone to last any reasonable length of time.

the learning curve its slow. the menus are ... Config its not as intuitive as promoted. Battery dos not last half dayits a okey phone

The phone feels well built with quality materials and handles well, very good technology I feel happy with. recommend completely

is a good piece of hardware, I bought it for my wife, very fast and smooth and it comes with android 4.1

This was a nightmare for me! they sold me a generic cell phone! even the customer service of Samsung did not recognize the IMEI number! is like it didn't exist! i thought i bought a NEW and ORIGINAL product but it's not. After just two months of use it turn off to never turn on again, and now they can refound me just a 50% of the original price.

if your looking for phone this is it....it just like the s3 but with a few things missing but it a great phone i love both my mini and s 3

i LIKE IT , IT WAS AS EXPECTED BUT THEN i FOUND OUT THAT THE PRICE WAS HIGHER THAN OTHER SIMILAR PHONES.

Do explain why you liked or disliked this product.Do compare to similar products and share how long you've used this product.Do identify specific attributes (e.g. comfort & fit of a shirt or the battery life of a camera) and whether they met your

What the hell happened with my phone??? i orderer last month a samsung 3 galaxy mini and this is a deffective one!!! it doesn't work!!! this people sold me a &#34;new&#34; phone and don't even turn on, i tried to charge it but screen is totally off, i feel very dissapointed and i reccomend NOT TO BUY PHONES TO THIS STORE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Yes it a very good product; thanks you so much for everything. I Will continue use sansumg just as i have the means.

Phone is in good working order, and meets all my expectations. Very clean just as if it was a brand new phone.

buen producto, buena marca, buena calidad, lo recomiendo a todos, es ropa actual y a la moda, para jovenes y adultos

It took me a while to get used to the new interface coming from my old HTC one X. The processor is quick and videos play without hiccup. The screen is nice and usable even in the Florida sun. The headphones it comes with are very nice.  I would buy another one if it dropped in the toilet for some stupid reason.

Just the right screen size really. Phones shouldn't be any bigger than this. Else they should be tablets. I wonder how people use any larger screens as phones! This phone has good hardware specs for a normal usage - talk, text, search, navigate, hum, click and share. This is the affordable price too. Overall, I like it very much.

I purchased this phone for my mother, she is not very familiar with technology, however after a week of use, she already learned how to use it, it gave her no issues at all, everything worked as expected, battery life appears to be as advertised, it may vary a little bit depending on what use you give to the phone.

The phone is great. No complaints at all. Great device. Great product. But the one we received was in Portugese and came with a European charger. What's that about?

its a fake galaxy!!!!!!!!!! don't order it from them.... the camera its horrible,, I thing my iphone 3gs get better picthan this fake galaxy,,, I don't like it..... and cant return it because its 14 day already,,,it took 2 weeks to get here and I have no time to return it....

&Egrave;verything is right with the phone except it didnt come with 8G as it is said on the online shop but only 4,5 G :S

I bought this phone and we have never been able to make it work properly, it's frustrating that they sale the product with such low quality. If you are thinking on buying this model, I highly recommend you to think it over and reconsider to buy another model because in my case was literally a waste of money.

I bought this phone for my aunt. The phone works amazing with the international carrier and Im sure it will work with any carriers in the US. Thank you

Used with T-Mobil Prepaid, only fault was the T- Mobil sales rep told me most newer phones uses the micro sim. I didn't see type of sim in the product discription.  This phone uses a regular size sim, luckily I was able to modify to fit.  Other then they so far so good.

The screen was broken and some of the buttons needed repair as well.  I had to pay more money to have the screen and digitizer replaced.

Great purchase! I was a little bid with a dude, because there is a lot of types and models of great cellphones, but I k know that I made a good selection! Thanks amazon.com

This phone is for my wife, and she loves it and plays all the time.  Everything seems fine and so far she cannot find anything wrong about it.  Great product.

I've used it for 2 days and it works great. I'm using it at Central America and didn't have any problems connecting it with the phone company! Totally recommend it if you need and unlocked s3 mini!

This product is awesome I really am satisfied and I recommend it 100% excellent product and very good price ah worth to note that the phone is very fast

I Love the phone it is as I expected but my issue is the charger and the headset not working properly from day one and a few days ago the charger stop work.

Phone arrived quickly and is just what I wanted. My go phone Sim card worked just as another post had stated. So far all is great

It was offered as new but it was used, refurbished , even with old photographs.The 3 G does not work and it fails all the time.  I could not use it since the beginning. I left it aside  it is a shame that one cannot have the money back. I feel scammed. If Amazon work with a company like that one I will not buy anything else from the site and so will do my friends that saw what happened.Besides it was very embarrasing because I offered it to my son in law as a gift.

Start up was very simple. Thank you to Global Mobiles for sending me instructions on how to do so. As soon as I got everything set up I started testing things out and I must say it's everything I want and need. I'm very happy with this purchase and would definitely recommend.Update - I'm reading some reviews here that say the charger is European. Although I myself also received a charger for Europe, Global Mobiles included a converter (for USA) along with my purchase. Just letting you guys know who I bought it from because everything sent worked perfectly for me!

No question about it, an excellent phone. Fast, good design, good internal memory, incredible display, and a very good camera.Very happy and definitely not missing an Iphone or anything like it.

I am very happy with my purchase. I saw the normal galaxy s3 as being too big for me. I am 6'3'' and have rather large hands, however the normal S3 is simply TOO large to carry in my pockets. This S3 mini is perfect. I travel internationally and having an unlocked phone is a true necesity. You can buy a prepaid SIM or buy a SIM and add minutes pretty much anywhere you go. This device allows me to do that. The camera and overall functionality is amazing.I used to have a Galaxy Inception (&#34;S1&#34;) and the screen broke. To fix it, on average, it was about $300 (plus or minus $50 depending on venue). This was a &#34;no brainer&#34; purchase. Highly recommend this samsung s3 mini.

I surprised my wife with this phone on her birthday however, I was the one surprised when the phone didn't come with the card to activate the phone with and then all of the instructions were in a language other than mine - English - so there was no real help getting the phone set up - poor choice for a present if you aren't phone savvy! It was sent back and now wife is happy. So, good luck to you with this one. I have to assume the phone is a good one once you get it up and operational. I will look closer next time.

It is an excellent phone, arrived in the estimated time and in perfect condition with all the specifications of the device. Works great, good connectivity with networks. In Venezuela with Digitel 3G and up with the other companies.

celulares sin problema. liberados. buena calidad. lo m&aacute;ximo los dos celulares que compr&eacute;. excelente producto a un buen precio. aq&iacute; en venezuela las cosas est&aacute;n cada d&iacute;a mas apretadas.

The computer works perfectly, I get to do and all original accessories.Punctual to the time of delivery.if you would recommend.

its very fast, my old cellphone its going to the grabage i love this samsung the screen have the perfect size to me

I bought this smaller version of the Galaxy S III for my wife and then I bought one for myself. The smaller screen makes this phone a more user friendly device in my opinion without sacrificing the benefits of the standard Galaxy S III.

very good phone I love it

I bought three different smartohones before this one and i'm very happy to arrieve to this choice. It's fast, has a beautifull screen, great capacity. The only thing I don't like is the slow auto focus camera.

Excelente celular funciona perfectamente estoy muy contenta con el equipo con sus aplicaciones y funciones muy rapido con el internet

recomiendo este vendedor 100%. Los artitulos en perfecto estado y entregas a tiempo, responsables seguros equipos completos. tremendo telefono se los recomiendo totalmente

I like this phone. is a mini version of Samsung Galaxy S 3.and look pretty. Thats nice and cool.

Im not an expert or anything. I just really wanted the Samsung Galaxy 3 but that phone is huge. So while browsing amazon I found the mini! I live in Atlanta, Ga. and my phone carrier is MetroPCS. My previous phone was an LG and I loved it! When I took this phone to my carries store, they told me I could only get 3G. Im bummed about that because I had 4G on my LG. The quality of the screen picture is waaay better. The camera is still the same. (5 pixel) so np difference there. The service is just questionable.  My service will go from 3G to Edge to something called &#34;H&#34; I dont know what H is. This is the most annoying thing.  I know MetroPCS isnt the best when it comes to coverage but I never had this problem with my LG.

This is not a factory unlocked phone ... the phone was delivered and it had clearly been used before.  It has not only been used but it has a modified OS.  When I attempt to apply system updates I get the message:  &#34;Your device has been modified.  Software updates are not available&#34;.Do not trust this seller!

I bought two and one cell was indicated in the offer and the other was another model and not brought the SD of 8 gb

excelente

the phone came with problems, turns itself off and turns on itself. not bill received  phone. I have these problems. Thank you.. it might help if the phone came with no warranty, but it came defective from the factory??

EXCELENTE TELEFONO

It is a great phone, in great condition, and I have nothing but good things to say about it. Recommended.

I purchased this phone for my wife which happened to be her first smartphone experience. She was very hesitant at first when faced with all it's features. General setup took some time and doing. The only supplied 'manual' was not in english, totally unacceptable. The wall charger provided did not work, dissatisfied on that point. Otherwise the phone works well, battery life is short and leaves a lot to be desired.

My disappointment is not about Amazon.  The phone would not take a charge.  For the amount I spent on it, I wasn't going to spend time finding out if the battery was defective so back it went.  I did order another Samsung model on Monday.  I have a Samsung S and I love it.  So I was really disappointed with this one.  Hope the next one works out.

Purchased this phone on Aug, 2013. After only about 5 months the phone completely stopped working! Did not drop it or scratch it or anything. The screen is dead and the phone will not respond. I can't even return it because its past the 30 days and there is no warranty! So beware before buying this phone.

the phone is very nice, delivery was fast the only thing was that the phone did not bring the adapter plug

Samsung GT-i8190 Galaxy S3 Mini WHITE 3G 900/1900/2100 factory Unlocked... good seller, when i got this celphone, good this cel

I love it!The image is wonderful and it's only a liittle smaller than the big size or an iphone for a fraction of the price!Well worth my money!

DO NOT BUY THIS PIECE OF CRAPThe cellphone is not new, its modified.. the baterry is chinesse not original and when it discharged the first time the cell didnt turn on again it just reboots and reboots.. i cant return it because i dont live in the US so its an uselles brick now..

I love this phone. It is super light weight and fits easily in my hand. The display is very crisp and bright!

perfect size, with all the functions and smart as needed, i really love it. it is just amazing, the screen and how it look like.

I like the driver's mode and the many features the phone offer. It's just the right size for me! So far no problem with it yet.

It is very comfortable, it'v gotten a friendly system and perfect size, very easy to use, and excelent price value.

Thank you very much,I am very impressed with your product.very fast and good delivery.All as described in the advertisement.I am happy.

Hello, good afternoon, I want to know how to make use of the warranty of my phone samsung s3 mini, because since I bought in August last year, is a problem and I could use it normally .. I await your response as soon as possible!

Hi!The cellphone was as described on the web site. It is ligh and the performance is amazing. I strongly recomend it.

It was a christmas gift to my wife.And it fulfill all the expectation that her had. she is very happy now.

very good service excellent phone  .Samsung you rockthis is my third galaxy phone S III ,I GOT one for my self and one for my daughter then to my niece for her birthday we all loved it.if you had a galaxy before you will know how to use this one easily, but if you are switching from I phone you need just to learn how to use it because it is bet different .Mai

This product met my expectations. I'm very happy with my new Samsung Galaxy SIII mini. Definetly recomended! feel save and secure buying to Wireless Everything. do it!

I loved it, very nice and functional recommend, and games are very exciting and interactive is fantastic, I love the image and the resolution is great

It is very nice, it came undamaged , and packaged really well, it came before the estimated date which was very fast.Love the phone:)

this cell keep blanking charger bad  out all the time think it will be problems getting up to the usa

I have liked all the features this phone have for the price. It's a fast phone, it worked with T-Mobile but also works perfectly with my operator in Colombia

I ordered this phone which arrived on time. Initialized the setup and plugged it to power in order to charge it only to find out the next morning that there is no charge in the battery. Repeated the process a few times to see the pattern which was:full charge late evening (after charging) but no charge the next morning. I eventually asked the merchant to replace this phone with another of the same. The replacement phone arrived on time. This time there were no problems with the battery but the phone's display would often freeze or shake. My sister has a similar phone and none of these symptoms. I returned the phone and asked for a refund. Waited a week and when no response came I contacted the merchant who initially claimed that they did not receive my returned package. Eventually they did and took another week or so before they contacted Amazon who finally notified me of the refund. In the process I wasted about $30.00 sending back the faulty phone for which of course they don't reimburse you.Ended up buying a true, new Nexus 5 phone from Best Buys which works like a charm.

The delivery was perfect and the phone is fit for use in day to day with all apps and functionality that one can have.

Unfortunally, was a mistake with this cell phone; I buyed this cell phone unlocked like you showed in your site, but I received a cell phone locked. How I can do to solve this problem?

Hello guys,I just received the mobile today and i have been using it for couple of hours and what i can say it amazing and very light and handy i really like it and its size specially ..

Yes, it took almost two weeks to get to me, when I order &#34;rush&#34; and paid $39!!!!  so irresponsible company, of course, they refunded me my shipping $$ but i was not happy at all!

I bought this phone trying to get a cheap option for a good phone to put on straighttalk. It worked great for about two months. After that the phone refused to turn on or even charge. Just stay away. I read of a breakout of these phone just randomly breaking. and since I dont have insurence for it I cant get it replaced.

Works like a charm, technology really has advanced. I got everything they said I would get in the package. The phone has no glitches,fast downloads,alot of memory and it's very responsive. Well done Samsung!

Samsung Android platform could be better than iphone, and with that phone is fast and fun. The price is perfect, so I recommend to buy it now.

is all this samsumng nesecitaba galaxy mini three performs the crisp, clear video calls accurate I call abroad and I get very good connections

Works the same as the bigger Galaxy s3. Great for when you don't want to deal with a big phone.

Its a great phone. Dual core, very nice 4&#34; touchscreem, fast interface. The Problem is that the stock firmware is damage and constaly reboot making allmost impossible to use the phone. Could not return the phone due to im living in another country an it is hard to return. Had to change the firmware to a custom one and the problem was solved. It says that this came whit 8GB of internal memory but only you can use like 5GB (the rest for the software i guess), so this is another issue to me.

I bought this phone for my wife after her HTC inspire and HTC MyTouch 4G died and I must say I really love the phone. She really thought it would have been difficult to setup, but she did it, all by herself she did it. I have the HTC one X and when I saw it and the interface seamless as it was, I was opting to get the S3 or S4 for myself. But then I got the jelly bean upgrade and I am good. ........ For now. But the S3 Mini is an absolutely lovely phone and would recommend it to anyone. Really lovely instrument.

Nice phone. I like the compact size. Seems to work fine and the menu options are self explanatory.would recommend to anyone

excelente celular funciona completamente todas sus funciones y es una aplicacion perfecta del s3 muy muy contento esperando que me sirva en colombia

Excelente

Even though it's not 4G it's a fast little phone with all the features needed. Not sure why they don't make it 4G

Got this phone a month ago and the phone is working all fine except that battery drains quick. Bought the white color phone for my wife and she liked it. The phone came with non-US power adapter but the vendor included the pin converter in the package.

excelent

I got this phone and I loved it in the same time that I open the box!. It's great the performance and very fast with a lot apps.It's a good choice!

I did not want to buy the Samsung Galaxy S3 because it is too big for me, this size is just what I was looking for, thanks.

beauty phone

I was amused and surprised to find that I received the European version of this phone - there's really no difference from the American (it works with Straight Talk - although sadly, for my area, I have to utilize the AT&T version). It did come with the European plug-in, but the seller included an adapter for it! This phone is so user friendly and I'm going to say - intuitive. The battery life is pretty good if you lock it down a bit, but does need to be plugged in at night. I don't think there's anything about this phone that I don't like. : )

Excellent my nice loved

buy this phone 3 months ago, I live in Latin America and when I get the phone was imitation, all accessories were samsumg but the phone is an imitation! not recommend it!

It is just perfect! The perfect phone, the perfect notebook, the perfect calendar, the perfect mail receiver... I really recommend it!

I like this product because it is very small and have a decent quality on the screen, I have been using it for two weeks.

excellent thanks

I purchased this phone for my daughter. It is working great and she loves it. Everything related to call and internet is great.

Works great with AT&T.  It wasn't clear from the product description, but this was the European version of the phone.  The included charger was for European style outlets, however an adapter was included so that isn't really a problem.

Excelent product! I love my new galaxy siii mini! practical and has everything i need! I'm very happy with my purchase!

My boyfriend needed a new phone so I thought he'll get one that's brand new to the market. Well he always loose his signal and have to reboot the phone and then regain the signal again. He doesn't always get his calls either. Which is why he said 3 stars! Not sure if its the phone or the company however the phone is great as far as technology, music, emails and downloads. Hes like a kid in a candy store!!

It has no support for HD, but other than that is a great phone. Fits easily in your pocket and there is a lot of accessories you can buy. Do not even consider an Ace, Gio nor Y, they are totally out of date.This phone does not comes with the 48Gb in dropbox, but has a lot of internal storage and can use SD card (not included).

This phone is great. Should of came with sd card though. But its superly awesome. This phone is a must have. Doesn't have any led indication light though, sucks.

my wife is very happy, this phone is little, fast, good for batery life, smooth and very clean desing !

I'm not a tech guru, but this thing does everything I need it for.Clean graphics and fast (enough) processing speed.My only complaint is that every now and then I have to reboot it for phone functions.Other than that, it has been a great product.  Love it!

I bought this phone for my g/f as a replacement for her older BlackBerry.It took SIM card without having to mod/cut it, same slot size. And since it came unlocked, she could use it right away.Phone and it's operation are very smooth. Overall size is perfect for smaller hands and it doesn't take too much space in her purse. Screen size and resolution are great for her too.Icon and font sizes are perfect in their defaults.There are tons of free apps for Android and there is no need to use iTunes to copy music to it either.Personally, I recommend installing Kii keyboard as it offers many styles of input - swipe etc.I also got screen protectors and protective case for it at the same time as she keeps phone in her purse where keys go, etc; to prevent screen and shell damage.EDIT:Battery life is a huge PLUS on this Galaxy!!! After a day use with all the downloads and 'play' with new phone, change went down to remaining 73%!!!I don't get that lucky with my SGS2, even with new battery. Smaller screen size seems to save lots of juice.Other good apps to have:- Adobe reader- Soundhound- ColorNote- Translate- Exchange Rates- Poynt- Lookout- Fast Image Viewer- andLess

I love this phone, I get compliments on it. People ask me where I got it from. It's easy to use. I love the feature where you dont have to text and you can just speak into the phone. It picks up everything and also gives you suggestions if it types something you didn't want. No more driving and texting needed nor is it safe for that matter.

I bought it for a friend last month and she uses it in Venezuela. Works just fine! Came in perfect conditions, great phone for a fair price.

I bought this because of the mini size and it's Samsung brand and was perfect to give as gift. First time using it was not great at all but I kept it and it eventually became worse with echos and communication was not clear. I regret not sending it back earlier, not worth buying and the price I paid was $273.91.

I have been searching for a new samsung. I asked and tried a lot about S3, S4, but for my convenience put into pocket I chose S3 mini because of the size. It works perfectly with T-mobil in Houston, Texas. Just slip the regular size sim card in and good to go.I have a little trouble when texting with two thumbs because it is small, but still faster texting compared to my old hard button texting.

I bought the product as a gift for my brother in a different country and he is in love with the phone.  Everything works perfectly. Thank you so much!

I am writing this from a college student point of view.I have been using unlocked smartphones from amazing for about 4 years now. The phones that I have purchased have all been spectacular except this one. I ordered it because my broke and I needed a new one. So since the reviews and everything was "oh so good" I decided, why not? I waited for about 4 days and finally my phone came. Now if you're a college student you understand how important it is to have a phone. Especially when you need to contact mom and dad. Anyway, so I got the phone and as I looked on the side the box said "new." I opened the box and there was white stuff all over the screen! Luckily that was just on the screen protector so I took the protector off and plugged in the phone to charge it. The phone would not turn on. I drove about 30 minutes to a verizon store to see what they could do and if I could get a SIM card but the lady said that this phone is not made for verizon even though it is listed in amazon as capable for verizon. The. She went on to tell me how I should get my money back ASAP because the phone was broken and that's why it was not turning on. Returned the phone. Now waiting to get my money back to try and get a different phone. Also I am giving this 1 star because amazon is making me give it a star. I would give it no stars if aloud.

Great price and it works just as advertised. We put in a T-Mobile SIM card and the phone just worked. Delivery was fast and we've been using it for over a month with no problems. High quality and no compatibility issues so far. One minor comment: the phone powers up in German so we had to select English to understand the configuration.

Bought if for my girlfriend, she absolutely loves it! the sreen/display is crisp and phone is very responsive...I personally would have preferred at least a 2GB RAM (this one is 1GB) but she loves it!

0k

Could you explain to me how I got a nokia asha 311 phone instead of the Samsung Galaxy S III mini as ordered. Now I have the frustrating hassle of returning it to you. I hope you will cover the cost of that and possibly reimburse me for the shipping paid.

excellent buy excellent team very happy. the team is very good and really fast has filled my expectations toas recommend it to those who want a samsung

Its a dependable name brand and a more manageable size. If it was 4g I would give it a 5.

i Love it , is excellent product, works great , have easy handling, and good quality as it is announced. reached as is shown time and in very good condition thank you very much for everything

Anyone looking to compare this to the iphone, go with this one.  Definitely worth the change!  I had iphone for years and switched 2 months ago, I am in love!!!

It's amazing! I really love this phone. It has a large internal memory (4GB), I'm tired of installing applications and I'm still with space. It has a screen with the appropriate size, 16 million colors (like a computer!). Great speed on Internet. Initially turned off and cycled for itself, which worried me a bit, but then, after 3 weeks or so, the firmware was updated for itself and stopped having this problem. It looks very nice (white color looks fantastic). Honestly I'm happy with my purchase. Very different from my previous phone (Samsung Galaxy Ace, less memory, not so wonderful colors, but that was my first smartphone, and I have much affection yet). Excellent communication with seller and shipping was as fast as had been agreed. Just buy it, is great.

Great all round phone with excellent features in a small, light form factor for those of you who don't want to carry around a brick all day. Do the power-saving tips as outlined in the other reviews and you will have a great battery life.

Greatb price great phone what more do you want.The screen is bright.Apps great and on top of it Samsung phones dont need any introduction.

Phone stopped working 2 weeks after I received it! Waste of money.

i just want to say that this is the third cellphone i bought through Amazon and comes defective. After a month of using it stop working right, it suddenly turn off and now it don't receive right the charge. In addition to that, i noticed that the headphone aren't original, they are a generic ones and the case of the cellphone don't fit right. All this thing just tell me that the cellphone it is not a Samsung original as they claim, and as i say is the third time it happens to me.

has all the necessary features to meet my expectations, yielder, comfortable, excellent touch screen, fast in their ability and memory applications

the phone really seems very good and of good quality, there are better on the market but this is very good equipment at a low price

it's a good phone but the problem is that i dont have it in my hand cuz' i live in venezuela so it's a little hard to bring it over here.. liberty express has much traffic.

I am extremely disappointed with this seller.  I ordered this phone as a birthday treat to myself because I really liked the phone and loved the idea that it was unlocked. When I received it, I took out my SIM card from my old phone and put it in to my supposedly newly unlocked phone, only to discover that the phone did not recognize the SIM card!! I thought maybe I was not doing something right. So, I took the phone in to our telephone service provider who told me, &#34;sorry ma'am, but this phone is locked&#34;. I ask the technician if he was sure and he said yes, positive.  I noticed that the phone also had Telcel which I know is a telephone service provider in Mexico.  I didn't really care about that, I just wanted the phone to be unlocked.  It is useless to me right now and so I am returning this phone. I will never buy from Mobile Best Seller.  I do regret not checking out the seller rating because I was just too excited to get the phone.Not a happy customer

It is excellent, i chose this one because is to a friend and i have one thank you for sent me

the product came out on time and in a good condition however the charger is not working. I had to use one i had at home

Is a good cell; light, wide and good screen, enough to my sister's needs.The only problem I have found is that all smartphones have, the charge of the battery; all are so poor.

I'm new to android...still have my iPhone too though... :PStill getting to know the little guy but so far I like it. The seller is great, fast shipping and unlocked item just as described.Coming back 6 months later to change my review...yest, it is a good phone with a lot of functionalities but the battery life is horrible. 100% at 7AM, fast forward 7 hours and about 4 or 5 60-second phone calls later and the battery is at 50%. Seriously, I talk on the phone for less than 10 minutes and my battery life is 50% gone? And no, I don't have any other apps open in the background so this is something Samsung needs to work on. Changed from 5 stars to 3 stars because in 12 hours the phone dies because the battery is so bad. And here I thought the iPhone battery was bad...

Small, fast, easy to use just all i needed works with any sim card and battery lasts all day long

I bougth two and one of them is not working, only is on for few minutes, the company don't return my money.

I gave this phone to my wife as a present. She is thrilled. Great looking and excellent value for money.

Muy bn excellente producto cumple con lo dicho el equipo trabaja perfectamente conlas telefonias de mi pais. Lo recomiendo 100%

Product 100% original with all accessories, manual and marked on the screen and the battery cover, which infers that the phone is completely NEW & UNUSED

this was a gift to my girlfriend. if you are the kind of person that needs a cellphone that has all the multimedia connectivity and has a above-average performance this would be a perfect pick.i have had a s3, a s2 and soon i will have a s4, compared to those smartphones it has a good desing, well built finish, perfect screen size and overall size for small hands and good hardware to fulfill its use!recommended.the carrier shipped it in good time

as I say, the cell phone itself is fine, but the express is very bad and slow.I waited for more than a week, very inconvenient.The battery is not so good, I have to charge it near twice a day.

I felt that my Samsung phone was a defective one.  I have three phones in the family and mine gets dropped calls/inability to text/missed texts etc.  I attempted to return this defective phone only to receive an email saying I can't because it's pass the 14 day period.  If you review the return policy, you will see it's EXTREMELY difficult (if not impossible) to make any kind of return even for a defective product.  If you used the phone for more than 30min, you can't return it without a 50% restocking fee.  Wow.  Chances are, you will use it for more than 30min.  Honestly, I wouldn't buy a phone after reviewing the policy.  It is my fault for assuming amazon has a standard 30day return policy and for assuming amazon takes care of their customers.  I would rather pay full price at a legitimate store for the warranty alone.  Cell phones are never guaranteed to function properly.  Do you want to take that $300 risk?Here's the important stuff that I quote from the return policy:"All International phones are not USA manufacture warranty, and no our store warranty neither, including the accessoriesIf there is returned and refund needed, has to be return item within 14 business days from the delivery, and with buyer own expense. After 14 days there is no returned and refund acceptable no matter what problem on the phone.Our 14 days return period only effect for defective phone, or ShopEbest sends out wrong order. Any other reasons would cost buyer 20% to 25% of restocking fee.50% restocking fee will be charger, if buyer returning phone not as brand new condition and not in resell able condition , such as missing plastic bag, phone's life time minute has been used more than 30 minutes, writing on the box, screen protector is missing on the screen, missing accessories, etc.All unlocked phone's feature is not 100% guarantee suitable to all locked same network frequency carrier.  Due to every carrier has their own network frequency and setting on their features. Please kindly check out if the phone's 2G, 3G or 4G suitable for your phone carrier, before place the order."UPDATE: Don't get this if you plan to use T-mobile.  T-mobile runs on a different frequency band that this phone doesn't support.  Your phone will WORK but it won't be as good as a phone that also works with ALL of T-mobile's frequency bands.

so easy to use, love the jelly beans. the screen is really nice, the size is just right for my small hands, the seller was really quick shipping the item.

I bought this phone as a gift to a person overseas. It has great features , touch screen was top quality, speaker was good and clear.Overall a good phone with amazing features.Just a small packaging issues : The manual that came with the phone was not in english language. Looks like a packaging mistake. Sellers might need to take a note of this.

Got the phone on time but to find out that it is not unlocked phone. So dissapointed, the phone asked sim unlocked code before it started and i brought this phone out of United States already. Amazon or the Cell Source should not giving false information, advertise it as unlocked phone when it is actually locked phone!!!! Have been long member and made lot purchase with Amazon and and so dissapointed!!!!!

I was looking for a cheap and high performance phone, I reviewed a lot of cellphone's features and Samsung Galaxy S3 Mini fits perfectly in everything I wanted, excellent screen resolution, applications works perfectly (facebook, twitter, whatsapp, youtube, and a lot of free apps), its 5MP camera is great, great video. Android system offers a nice and friendly work and entertainment area. I'm really excited with my new cellphone, I'll recommend it!

Stop buy trash product STOP bad warranty  dont buy Samsun I hope it has helped you make a decision do not spend your money in trash

It is important to validate that all components of each cell phone are in good condition before invoicing to customers.

DO NOT BUY ANYTHING FROM HERE! THEY SOLD ME &#34;AN ORIGINAL UNLOCKED PHONE&#34; A SAMSUNG GALAXY S3 MINI. I SCANED THE BAR CODE WITH THE AMAZON APLICATION AND IT SHOWS IT IS FROM ANOTHER PHONE!!!!!!!YOU SWINDLE ME! AND WHO KNOWS HOW MANY PEOPLE!!!I WANT MY MONEY BACK!DO NOT BUY FROM THIS SCAMMERS

Don't Buy this if you want to use anything other than Edge on T-Mobile, despite what they say.  I called and asked T-Mobile, before I bought this phone and they assured me that if it says 3G 900/1900/2100 (we live in a very good 3G/4G area) that this should work.  Well, it does NOT.  WE paid for unlimited data, and I cannot get anything beyond EDGE speed.  The phone is NOT compatible with T-Mobile's service (DESPITE the advertisement herein saying it is!) and they won't take anything back!Worst Amazon experience I've had!Read the reviews and try to find anywhere where folks say this did NOT work with T-Mobile.  There are plenty of question answers that say it will - where do these come from?We have only had these phones a month.  When we bought them, I had done what I thought was due prudence and research in ensuring they would work with T-Mobile.  Although they were a step up from our non-smart phones, we called T-Mobile and read them the description of the phone and they said it should work (unlocked Galaxy 3G 900/1900/2100) as the site says (many answered questions saying, &#34;yes, works with any T-Mobile plan.&#34;However, when we decided to go in an increase our data plan to unlimited data plan, (thought that I'd need it for the new app I was wanting to use and we were tired of the slow internet speed) we could not find out why we were not getting 3 G speed.I began with calling T-Mobile to find out why we were not getting the service we were paying for, only to spend countless hours in the store and online trying to figure out why - only to have them come to the conclusion that these phone are NOT compatible with anything other than EDGE service.  This makes this no better than the NON-smart phone I had before.Extremely dissatisfied!  The battery life is less than a day (about 10 hour max) and I cannot get any kind of internet speed faster than &#34;watching paint dry!&#34;Yesterday, after 3 hours online, over 2 hours on phone and in T-Mobile tech support, and this wasting even more time in our local T-Mobile kiosk store - T-Mobile says this phone will NOT work on their 3G or 4G network.and the folks you guys allow to erroneously advertise that this works with T-Mobile WILL NOT ALLOW ANY RETURNS PAST 14 days!HEY&#60; WE BOUGHT TWO OF THEM FROM YOU - and I have nothing to show for it, but two EDGE capable smart phones.This IS NOT what we thought we were paying for!Stay away if you use T-Mobile!

excelente hasta la fecha sin problemas gracias de nuevo un placer hacer negocio con ustedes muy agradesido gracias por todo

I very happy it is a excellent celular phone, it is like they described factory unlocked, I will buy to them again

The phone has various manufacture defects. The first problem is that the phone gives a feedback. Anyone who calls me hears an echo when they speak. The second problem is that it occasionally malfunctions. You would see applications being opened and closed on its own and the only way to stop it is to switch the phone off and on again. I would not recommend the S3 Mini to anyone.

i receive my phone and unlike the details of the phone my chip form St. Vincent don't work. i am  disappointed i fell like returning phone would never recommend this seller to anyone

it was ok. Regards.

I'll actually give it 3 1/2 stars. Fantastic phone. fits in the palm of my hand like a gem. but battery life need to live up to the standard of the phone. have to charge it after a full day of just moderate use. If it is used heavily , battery need charging after 12 hrs.

estoy en venezuela y se retrasa mucho la entrega aqui en mi pais, me gusta el equuipo debo decir que funciona muy bien

good product, nice design, it's exactly what I expected, very practical, I recommend it, very good product, it is fast, good screen resolution.

Love this phone.  I didn't want to get the big brother Galaxy S III so I waited for the mini to arrive and I wanted an unlocked version so I can take it with me when I got deployed to Afghanistan.  I have been playing with this phone and it does everything my wife's Galaxy S III does except the NFC but other than that this is a great phone.  I use T-Mobile pay as you go so I get both text and data and I'm not constrained to a monthly plan like everyone else.  If you don't want a monthly plan get an unlock phone and a sim card so you can do the pay as you go plan vs monthly payment plan.

I would recommend this phone to any one very stylish have not had any problems with the it comes unlocked it does not come with a battery my did not but amazon give  me money to buy one great phone

I love my new phone.  Is beauty, small an practical.  Hasta ahora no ha tenido defectos.  thanks for all. Maya

I am enjoying my phone wireless everything is good. Only prob is that I had to buy an adapter for my charger.

It arrived on time with the express deliver. I really like my samsung mini celll phone. It has a good size and works perfectly ok

I kinda like it at first but the battery is my main problem.  It drains really fast I don't even use it most of the time even with adjusting the power savings stuff.  So I decided to sent it back.

when I received this phone in the mail I was a little bit surprised because it does not look like the phones that are in the t mobile stores. so I took it to a t mobile rep and asked the man if it was okay and the guy scared me and told me that the phone is European and that unlocked phones usually have a lot of problems. But I have friends who have unlocked phones & they say they don't have any issues. I decided to give this phone a try anyway and see if I liked it. this phone is wonderful I absolutely love it. however it is new and you know with anything new it's always great in the beginning but we will see several months down the line if it's still a wonderful phone.the phone is fast and there's a lot of great apps.

New colors are currently available! Titan Grey, red and black version of the Galaxy S III Mini i8190 is also available with some of the very same Amazon sellers!BEWARE: Before buying this phone, CHECK YOUR MOBILE CARRIER'S NETWORK BROADCASTING FREQUENCY BEFORE BUYING THIS PHONE, THIS IS A POTENTIAL INCOMPATIBILITY IF YOU HAVEN'T CHECKED. THIS IS A GSM PHONE. GSM GSM GSM!1. UPDATE Dec '13If your screen/digitizer is slightly unresponsive in registering your finger movements or that it gets stuck i.e. with the lock screen at times, this is caused by:1. Dated out-of-the-box firmware2. A poor quality screen protector3. All of the aboveUpdating to the latest firmware via (Settings->About Device-> Software Update) will address this issue. The latest December releases are bundled with the I8190XXAMJ1 or I8190XXAMJ3 base bands.==========Contents1. Latest Updates2. Main Review3. The power users & geeks - Rooting the i8190=====================2. Main Review===========So I bought this phone to replace an iPhone 4. Been having it for 2 years and the antennagate issue's been getting worse especially this year... So I thought I'd make a small phone upgrade and I got the S3 Mini.Personally, my unit was from Wireless Everything. The phone arrived promptly in its original packaging with an untampered security seal. As an icing on top of the cake, the seller included a free Europlug to US 2 Pin adapter so the S III Mini charger would fit into a US wall socket.My thoughts on this phone after using it for 3 months,Pros-Very light for its size, isn't too big-3.5G is pretty fast (Btw the power saver feature can throttle your bandwidth aka internet "speed" apart from the processor)-Android 4.1 preloaded-Very smooth UI-Still has the good multitasking feature on GS3-(Call Quality) So I tested its battery life with voice calls. On one occasion, I had a 1 hour long call and it battery was down from 100% to 90%. So that equates to probably a 10 hr continuous talktime with a full charge. Very clear speaker-Touching/Pointing is accurate-Sensitive screenNeutral-Battery Life (expected it to be better, still pretty decent though)-Rendering lag on certain websites that contain a lot of images-Screen resolution (Though the resolution isn't high, pixelation isn't obvious from viewing distance. Its not grainy and still very clear-Direct Call isn't always responsive. I think the camera doesn't see your ear always while you're messaging or in the contact list. It might take 1-2 more tries.-Screen contrast & brightness - Excellent indoors, good outdoors (without direct sun). Could have done better under direct sunlight ("By design" of AMOLED).Cons-"Actual" Free internal memory is about 4.5GB/8GB-Contains some bloatware that autostarts and clogs the system by Samsung & Other parties I'll list them below.-Minijack is a little soft with the volume.-MAJOR CONS: You can't put your apps on the SD card without rooting it.. Firmware limitation on Samsung's side most probably :(-There is no LED notification blinker light like on the big brother Galaxy S3 (on the left of the front speaker). You have to wake up the screen to check if you've received messages (Pointed out by Nelson Wong).Bloatware in my opinion (These apps can autostart and they "revive" when you attempt to kill them) clog RAM, have a toll on the battery life as they attempt to communicate with the internet or use the processor mainly.To disable these services/apps -> Application Manager -> All -> Locate them -> Uninstall updates/Disable -> Disable -> Restart your phone1.SNS (Facebook integration stuff)2.Samsung Kies3.Samsung Account4.Samsung Chat On5.S Voice (If you don't need a voice assistant)6.Help7.GTalk (You gotta be in the right context menu to sign out of GTalk/Gmail Chat)8.Google Search app (there's already a Chrome)9.Google Plus10.Flip Board (If you don't need this)11. All Share12.Polaris viewer 4.1 (It keeps popping up the dialogue asking you to purchase the pro version.. I disabled it and got adobe reader and a free office app)13. Samsung's "Music Player" (Not a bloatware but its quite clunky). "Google Play Music", a media player from the play store's a lot more easier to use and integrates better to the notification screen. For the video player, MX Player is an good one that plays lots of media compression formats (MX player codec packs are also available on Google Play). With hardware acceleration enabled, this provides smooth video playback.ConclusionThis phone's great for my use. As an ex-iOS user, I found the Android OS to be a lot less restrictive and apps were better integrated. Good call quality, good reception.Out-of-the-box experience was 3/5 imo largely due to high amounts of bloatware that are turned on by default, if you tweaked these stuff by disabling them you should be able to optimise RAM usage and increase your battery life by a noticeable margin.I bought a 16GB Micro SD for this phone because I thought apps would run on it but unfortunately, no. I do hope this feature will be enabled via a software update some time in the future.. because 4.5GB/8GB of unused NAND on the GS3 Mini's abit too low if you're a smartphone gamer (fortunately I'm not).The biggest plus? Price. Absolutely great value and I am keeping this phone.Overall, 4/5. :)If this info's helpful, mark it as a helpful post to allow others to get the message. Honestly, I like Samsung hardware (look at my profile) but these are the pros & cons I've identified. I do like this phone but it isn't perfect, certain limitations listed above may be hated by some (SD card doesn't store apps using original Samsung firmware), a non-issue to others. If you could live with those limitations, I'm pretty sure you'll love this phone.Just an additional note to anyone interested in this phone FOR the SERIOUS buyers...The Galaxy S3 Mini is NOT an officially sold product in the US, Samsung's probably tired of the Apple litigation and they're not wanting to create any circumstance that would create more accusations against them. To me, this is a loss for fellow US consumers.On the product itself... most likely the seller(s) would have acquired the phone directly from Europe (probably the UK or Germany). This is a parallel imported product.- Don't expect your manual or GS3Mini's "setup language" to be english. You should've seen this coming.- No US warranty.- As I've said in the review, network compatibility - your carrier's frequency - don't complain if your phone does not call if you haven't made this check.- IMPORTANT: Since the product is a parallel import, YOUR TRUST to YOUR SELLER is KEY in this types of purchase. Consider the seller's:1.Reputation and seller review. Poor delivery, opened/used product etc in reviews2.The reputation and track record is a good indicator if the seller's handled the GS3 and its packaging properly (Lower chances of DOA)-Assuming these 2 "factors" are considered, find out if the seller's item is "FULFILLED BY AMAZON" or the seller. You know what I'm talking about :) Amazon's extremely efficient shipment ETA.-If prices are *almost* the same between a "Fufilled by Amazon" vs a complete 3rd party, go for the Amazon. If the 3rd party's giving you a better deal in pricing, you probably should give the 3rd party a try. :) I bought mine from a third party seller on Amazon personally.Just made this extra section dedicated to:==================================3.The power users & geeks - Rooting the i8190==================================WARNING: I do not recommend rooting your phone if you have a weak heart or you're unaware of what you're doing. It may/may not be risky depending on your level of proficiency; this is a $220 phone. If you're wanting to root your phone, keep backups of your files. Make sure you back up (your personal files) anything you don't want to lose.Additionally, if you're on a custom ROM, make sure you back up your IMEI/EFS partition in case of a bad flash that bricks your device of it's cellular functionalities.I decided to open up this section of the review since I've rooted my S3 mini after a couple of months from purchase in an attempt to unlock the capability of installing apps on my SD card. Thankfully, this capability does work on the rooted S3 mini!To do this, you'll have to install an app like "Link2SD" on the Play Store which is capable of moving files to your SD card using the "link method".What the link method does is actually similar to the "rmdir" command on Windows. It creates a "shortcut" which points to your SD card, where your app files will be stored at instead of the internal storage. This tricks the OS to think that apps on the SD card are actually stored on the internal memory.If you want to conserve more battery life, consider using the "Greenify" app on the Play Store. Allow Greenify to hibernate all your apps EXCEPT messaging apps and essentials! (Note: Apps added to auto hibernate during idle will not be able to send you notifications). Your idle time battery life can be increased noticeably with this app!That said, what rooted Android ROMs work well with the S3 mini (i8190)?There are 2 on XDA developers I'd like to mention and I've used without stability issues-There are lots of helpful tools from software-based bricks to other rooting utilities available on XDA's Galaxy S3 Mini Android Development section including the Samsung Odin utility.-avicohh's I8190XXAMG1 [NOT FOR NFC N, T or L model]. This rooted firmware is based on the official Samsung firmware for the i8190 only WITH the addition of root capabilities. That's the only difference.-New Maclaw's CyanogenMod 10.2 [JellyBean 4.3.1][Unofficial port]. This is a custom ROM based on AOSP and Cyanogenmod sources. The only differences are that Maclaw has incorporated various fixes for glitches that have arouse as a result of the port. The reference Android interface seen on Google Nexus phones are used here with small tweaks added through CM's Trebuchet 1.0.-Various other flavors of 4.3.1 ROMs by Maclaw's also available on his site. i.e. Carbon, PAC-man, SlimROM.(But CyanogenMod receives the most attention from the both the community and the developer as the most mainstream custom ROM)Note: New Maclaw's CyanogenMod 11 [JB 4.4.2] is available BUT UNSUITABLE for daily use currently because it's a WIP. However, users who'd like to help/ the developer accelerate/contribute the development of CM11 by providing logs of their phones to the Maclaw's team for debugging purposes.Rooting Tools Required (for custom i8190 ROMs)Warning: This section is meant to be deliberately dense. Amazon isn't the appropriate place for beginners to learn rooting, XDA is. :)-Look up "Samsung Mobile USB Driver XDA" (Windows USB drivers for your phone to communicate with your PC)-Look up "Odin Version 3.04/3.07 xda" (Samsung's ROM Flashing Utility)-avicohh's 4.1.2 rooted [odin] OR Maclaw's CyanogenMod 10.2 [odin or CWM/TWRP]-CWM/TWRP-Titanium Backup (Highly Recommended)Note: Odin installation packages are recommended for beginners/initial flash especially (PC required). Subsequent flashes after obtaining root access may be done through CWM/TWRP (and its respective package),(PC not required).Battery life?They're very similar if you used a utility app like Titanium Backup Pro to freeze all Samsung bloatwares.Messaging AppOne word describes Samsung's touchwiz messaging app: laggy. The extent of the lag is amplified if you attempt to underclock your CPU to reduce power consumption. The reference Android messaging app on the other hand is fast and responsive. You're also able to make replies to newly received messages without closing the apps you were working on.Performance?Favouring Maclaw's CM10.2RAM Usage?Favours avicohh's original Samsung firmware with root very noticeably if you used Titanium backup pro to freeze all unwanted auto-reviving bloatwares. Higher RAM usage levels are seen on CM10.2 and they could be caused by the CM team's customisation.Stability?Both are very stable. On Maclaw's CM10.2, there are a couple of exceptions. CM10.2's built in DSP Manager (CyanogenMod Sound manager) may crash abruptly during music playback if you receive incoming messages and as such, you'll probably want to disable this until it's fixed.Which ROM's my daily driver?I've moved on to Maclaw's CM10.2 because of:1. The excellent reference Android's messaging app, its very responsive.2. The stock Android UI and its color schemes compared to Samsung Touchwiz.3. Noticeable performance improvements over Samsung's 4.1.2 without compromising on battery life. (4.1.2 benchmarks at a score of 7000-8000+ on Samsung's 4.1.2, CM10.2 benchmarks at a straight 10000 here.4. Enhanced privacy and security features of Android 4.3.1 that are present on CM10.2.Other Optional Optimisations1. Install "Mother of all ad blocking" to limit in-app advertisements from loading.Hope this helps.As you run apps with SU access, some of them may unintentionally mess with some key files while you're trying to learn more about your rooted phone. So do backups routinely!Other good mentions are that you'll probably want to install a firewall for added privacy and security for your phone. Avast! has one for rooted Androids.

excelent

I've had this phone for a month as a replacement of my (very old) Samsung Galaxy Spica, the change was insane, the screen is great, it's fairly fast, the size is optimal (big brother S3 and Note are HUGE, and I have big hands), works well in Venezuela (my country) with movistar (my carrier), just insert the chip and (if you got one) sd card and you're ready to use it.But sometimes, calls won't reach my phone or messages won't send unless I restart it, and it's really annoying, this never happened with my previous phone and it's frustrating if I don't pay attention, yesterday I missed 16 calls because the phone wouldn't get them (a friend was next to me and his Galaxy Y was working just fine), so I think this is the main letdown to me.Also it has some bloatware apps I don't WANT, and I can't uninstall them unless I decide to root the phone and I don't want to do that either.The camera is great by the way, I often take photos of text and my classroom blackboard to save on paper and photocopies and the text is really nitid, perfect for my needs.

very happy with the phone. just the right size. good speaker. easy to use. happy with the phone. good buy.

I brought this for my daughter's birthday (13) and we both love it.  My sister has the Galaxy S III so I didn't want to get my daughter the same phone.  My daughter said the only difference is size.  Everything else is the same.  She had a slight problem with WI-fi but I think its our plan, I'll have to check it out.  We didnt even have to go into the store to activate it.  Instead we used our card from an old phone.  I would recommend insurance because my daughter already dropped it.  It has a small dent, but still works fine.

There was an instances where I lost reception for no reason at all while my family members didn't have problems with their phones. But other than that, the phone is great.

Great phone, i recently broke my old galaxy s3 (the normal sized one) and my carrier is AT@T and i was a little skeptical about getting an unlocked phone only available in Europe. With extended googling and for a price under $300 compared to a replacement normal s3 ($600+) this was a steal. It is smaller and 4g is not available on this phone, but it works just like the big brother s3 and work perfectly in the U.S. Great job Global Mobiles

I purchased this movil a month ago, and i am really happy because wors in my country ( El Salvador) with no problems, everything works fine, i recomend it.8GB INTERNAL MEMORYSLOT FOR A MICRO SD CARD (32GB MAX)COLOR: WHITEANDROID SYSTEM

recommend excellent phone, i love it Fast and easy to use, it is very good perfect phone for someone who does not need much

i choose this product because of the pricei recomended to all people who wants cheap and good phone, this is it

is expensive compared to other phones of other brands that have better components, Nexus I9275 and Nexus4 is Much BETTER

I ordered this phone to be used in Peru on the Claro network. Some friends brought it with them when they visited me. It worked immediately with the existing SIM card and plan that I already had. I have loved having an Android (I was coming from years with a Blackberry). This phone takes great photos and even took a nicer nighttime shot than a friend's iPhone last night. My biggest complaint is what you'll see on various online reviews of this phone: sometimes it refuses to charge and I have to shut it off and then plug it in for it to charge properly. This will happen for a day or two and then it will suddenly decide that it can be charged while turned on for a week or so. There doesn't seem to be any rhyme or reason to the issue. The AC charging cord that it came with was surprisingly cheap-looking, but it charges with the myriad of Blackberry cords that I have from past phones so that wasn't a big deal. I plan to use this phone in the US while visiting later this year, so I will try to update my review at that time regarding how it functions there.

good cellphone for my sister

It's a great Smartphone and the family love it. We recommend deeply. It's Works perfectly with Movistar in Venezuela. Great

My wife loves the phone but it was misrepresented by omission. The phone is international version but nowhere in the ad did it state this. The charger included with it is for European use, the manual included only comes in three different Eastern European languages. How is she suppose to charge the phone? How is she suppose to learn all the features of her phone and how to use them?As I said, it was misrepresented in advertising.

Good equipment and rapid delivery, perfect!!! It is working in Colombia with not problem amd good acces to wi fi

El tel&eacute;fono funciona de maravilla; es muy amigable y sencillo de utilizar. Lo unico fastidioso es el teclado de la pantalla

The phone couldn't be programed with my carrier so I couldn't even use it. I had to send the phone back.

I am very pleased with my purchase.  I was a little nervous as I have never purchased a phone without a contract before.  So far I am more than happy with this phone.  It's my first smartphone and I am learning new things with it everyday.  Great price too.

Good product, very practical , not so big  , around 4 inches  . My wife loves it  , the only thing the battery dies quick if you play with the apps.

This phone came with a non operational &#34;home button&#34; right out of the box.  It turned out not to be an original Samsung product.  This was a waste of time and effort!

My wife is super happy with her new phone really easy to use and the features of the phone are great for the price.

I found the price not as competitive, also price varied a lot within a short period of time, lot of ups and downs.

I bought it, because I wanted to give something nice and modern to my mom, She is very happy. Good apps and really easy to use overseas.

excellent arrived without problems and I think a good occion thank you very much and could be a obcion for many.

Good electronic equipment, works perfectly, perfect design and size. No complaints, would recommend! the photographic image is beautiful, easy to use. marvelous.

good afternoon .. I had problems with the phone .. I appears first registered to someone else and now I turn off and no way that garment .. I need a solution .. I authorize him to a technical service

I previosuly had a Samsung Galaxy S Advance so I was familiar with the android OS and expectations.This iphone is faster than S Advance but smaller in screen size.I did notice some lags when switching applications, but I believe is the nature of an open OS such as Android in comparison with the Iphone OS which is closed it runs smoother.One concern I have is that when I leave it plugged in ,at night, to recharge the battery . I set the alarm and it doesnt work its like its turned off.I didnt have this problem with the other phone so I am not sure what is the cause. If I dont have to leave it plugged in or what.In other respects its great that the phone is unlocked I use it in Argentina without issues, and I plan to use it on the USA when I go there as well.I do thinks its a reasonable price for the features it brings. All in all I am sattisfied with the product.

I bought this cel phone brand new as a christmas gift for my mom and at the second day of use it died on her.  I went to a Samsung store and the clerk was kind enough to tell me that they have had numerous complaints about that phone for the same reason.  I am an iPhone user, i can asure you that you do not get this kind of issues with Apple products.  I will not buy Samsung products ever again, i am getting my mom an iPhone which i am sure will not die and is by far way better.

The description on the product clearly states it has 1gb of ram yet. Mine was always freezing and generally slow, and then I noticed they mine only has 550mb of RAM. I don't recommend the product, you won't get what you paid for and were expecting. Bought from aSavings.

phone works well... and is as advertised. it came in french... but it was easy enough to change the language input. they included an adapter for the charger plug so that was nice. the phone is as it should be. so no need to get into that.

I bought it for my son . It has g&oacute;t a Good camera for Photos and a Good definition, i like the size and the design

the phone was not unlocked as an international version, I spend $ 30 for release, as I said in the notice

The phone screen often freezes. Some apps take forever to load, and then end up unresponsive. For normal functions, like calls and texts, it is ok. But that's not all a smartphone is for!

Excellent product, I recommend it! I love it. Quick response from the seller, I recommend to all buyers as accessory Mini Samsung Galaxy S3

It's a beautiful phone in a perfect size, not too big for your pocket or purse, fits comfortably in the hand. Screen is beautiful, colors are rich, size is perfect. Works right out of the box.

I bought this phone for my son, its internayional phone and he said its beautiful and the service is nice even in mu country he just sleed the sim, and there goes he use right a way, he's happy,,

Es liviano, el tama&ntilde;o ni grande ni muy peque&ntilde;o.Aun instalandole una cantidad de apps sigue siendo rapido.Funciona bien en venezuela con movilnet.La resolucion de la camara es suficiente  para lo que necesites fotografiar si es de uso personal. Le doy bastante uso al telefono y la bateria me dura hasta la tarde. Me encanta que puedo persnalizarlo todo. Es de facil uso y configuracion. Es un teleono que se popularizara y se quedara en el top por un buen tiempo.El vendedor full responsable y excelente el equipo.

excelente equipo me llego tal cual lo ped&iacute;, y ya lo estoy usando me encanta, es rapido comodo nuevo y con todos sus accesorios

Got this for my girl friend as a birthday gift. Honestly it looks super sleek, a good size, and most of all has many great features. My g/f wont miss the features that the S3 has and the mini doesn't come with. For the price, this was a great buy for this unlocked cell.

great cell phoneProsFast, good storage, nice screen great cameraConsCame only with limited language options from the seller

Muy buen telefono, con funciones que satisfacen a cualquier usuario. Mi hermano es tuvo muy emocionado de recibirlo y usarlo

The product box is dirty with an old stick on it, and there are some address information stored in its map application.

Hello...it is a great phone! ...I bought this phone as a gift and it's just perfect! Anda about the seller! 100% recommended for everyone!

shipped and arrived in great timeI have had no issues with it but yesterday the phone restarted itself 5 times out of the blue. Im hoping the issue corrected  itself because it hasn't happened since. If it wasnt for this I would have given 5 stars. But the problem is worrying.

It works very well. It is not an s3. But for the price it does its job very well. I will recommend. And will buy it again.

Came with a Polish language manual, but I didn't need that anyway.The device's hardware is not the best, but for my mom it's definitely enough.Worked out of the box and came with all the needed cables (including headphones).

muy bueno esta perfecto es un buen producto es muy bonito c&oacute;modo es super rapido muy liviano comparado con otros

This cell phone only works at Edge.  It does not work in 3G.  The seller must explain more in detail that this product does not work for Latin America.

Fast, ergonomic, the best apps in the Android store, best price and quality I love this smartphone. samsung could do it alone

Already having problems. Mistake buying used. Charge isn't working and there was no mention in description now have to pay $ for repair. Not cool at all!

Excelente

Phone is indeed unlocked, and I had no problems with any of the european and american sim cards.  There are many language options 58 of them actually;I mention this because someone had written a review saying they did not have english as a language choice and there is a instruction manual in english and french that came with the phone.  The actual charger outlet plug is a GB outlet but it came with a american charger adapter, also there was a usb cable included(phone can be charged this way also). There is a standard sim card slot NOT micro.  Phone also came with headphones. There is also a micro SD slot.The phone is very easy to use and the size is just right the mini size is ABOUT the size of a iphone, the non-mini is quite too lage for me. I can just throw this phone in my pocket without it being bulky. I have used this phone for about 2 months now.  U can view movies and play games of course but the battery goes quite fast so it needs to be charged daily. Even with just standard use (phone calls and text only) it can only go 2 days without charging.The flashlight and calender functions is my favorite.  The camera is good but it does have a tendency to blurr.This phone does work with US carriers and european but u must buy a sim card from them, its cheaper to go to walmart/bestbuy and buy a sim card. Overall it is quite practical.This phone will not work in Japan to call calls/text (fyi) since they have their own network all together.

el equipo no me trajo el adaptador de la electricidad a 110v ...  por lo cual no estoy 100 satisfecho del producto

samsung s3 mini is simply best cell,for this price.compare to other product it's not bad.It is small and slim,I really like it.

I purchased this for my wife and she spends now more time with it then me! Anyway I have helped her install some apps on it and it works very well. It was very easy to setup use with Straight Talk. I like it because it's a little smaller than the Galaxy S lll but it powerful enough to do what she wants it to do. Just wish the battery life was a little better but some tweaking is in order soon. All around a great smart phone.

THIS PHONE IS QUITE HANDY IT HAS A GREAT HARDWARE, BUT IN MY OPINION THE SKYROCKET IS BETTER, NOT BULKY, GREAT SIGNAL, FAST BLUETOOTH, PLENTY MEMORY.

First of all, the cellphone had a chinesse battery, instead of the original one. However, when I put the SIM card inside of the phone, it wasn&#8217;t unlocked as it said in the product description. In the attempt of trying to solve the unlocking, we noticed that the cellphone was NOT original.Clearly, you can&#8217;t always have 100% guarantee with cellphones, but AT LEAST it should fulfill the description indicated by the seller.I DON&#8217;T recommend this seller at all. It was a complete fraud and deception for me.

A perfect phone for those that want an usable phone, not too big and not too small. easy to hold.

Its a good phone with nice specifications and able to do most functions expected from a smart phone. Bought it for my wife and she loves it.

muy buen vendedor, el producto fue el presentado en la pagina, no hay duda de el, excelente compra, lo recomiendo

I must say a lot of people have second thoughts on purchasing phones from the internet.  So far I have purchase two phones from Amazon.  I rather go where the deals are than pay a lot of money for things that you want.  I shop a lot from amazon and they have lived up to their reputation. Delivering quality products to their customers has been a great example of their reputation.  So I am saying this to everyone, don't be afraid to order from Amazon they have great product for your every need.  Just try them. You won't be sorry.

This phone is the love of my life. I haven't ever had good luck with phones. This one is AMAZING. I haven't had a problem with it at all! It's fast, it keeps a charge relativly long, and charges super quick. It's never frozen or glitched. It never forcloses a program. Just overall, it's a great phone. Love it!!

It's worked perfectly nice and easy to use just inserted sim and was ready to go no complications at all.

The battery doesn't keep charge but it is awesome other wise hope i can a solution for the battery problem soon

lo recomiendo compre 4 equipos y llegaron a la perfeccion lo recomiendo 100% trabajan perfecto en vzla con movistar j

The charger doesn't works. The phone has a problem with the load pin, when I connect the charger has a trouble loading.

IS THE BEST PHONE THAT MAY EXIST.ANDROID IS A VERY COMPLETE- it has a beautiful screen, just the right size. I wish Galaxy S3 had this screen because the one it has is way too big and can't be operated with one hand.- Battery life is impressive, with just the voice and WIFI turned on it managed to run close to 4 (four) days on one charge. You can see that complaining on short battery life is not productive at all since it is not just phone's fault.
