
You get what you pay for, I guess. This phone does not fit in Samsung Galaxy II Note cases. This phone does not include Note pen/cavity. Facebook photos will not upload into your contact book. My Netflix account did not work on this phone. The phone I received appeared to have been previously used, as it had scratches on the main front button. I went into this purchase with an open mind because I felt I would be getting a deal; however, I was wildly disappointed. The phone does come with two batteries which was nice and the batteries last a long time. I will return this phone, bite the bullet, and get the real thing.

I have had the phone for only a week so far. I love my phone wasn't to sure about buying it but now im so happy I bought it. I have no problems with it but I wish the battery lasted longer. But it does come with 2 batterys and I have not had to use the second one yet.

I've had my phone for about 3 months now and so far I love it.  It was almost exactly as advertised.  There are only a few issues with it, but I have been able to overcome them.  The charger that came with it was a joke.  It charged so slow and then it developed a short in it somewhere.  Went out and bought a new one and no more problems that way.  It didn't come with a case, which had been advertised elsewhere, but no big deal. The camera isn't great, but I don't really use the camera for anything important.  It is fast and does everything I need it to do.

I love the size of the phone but 2 problems it keeps saying I ran out of space when I just bought a micro SD and second of all you can't get cases it says it is a Samsung galaxy note 19220 and the cases don't fit. I was suppose to get this for Christmas this year and It is not even Christmas yet and I not that satisfied.

The phone was better than I expected.  It arrived sooner than I expected.I would purchase again.  Need more colors options.

so far so good daughter likes it its big and looks expensive like the 600$ galaxy note 1st series ..not a dual core processor however but functions well

loving my phone, have alot of great features. The only down side are the batteries they don't last that long, and i cant send photo in my text but that my be my carrier .:(  Works well with ATT! still trying to figure out more features on the phone.

nice phone ..just like the note..it does everything that the note fo..but the only problem is the data is 2G..

This phone is nice its big I love it ,but when i get a second call while i am on the phone, i am unable to switch to the second call. if i try to put it on speaker while i am on the phone it will not allow me. The screen turns black this mad ness. I feel for a phone that cost so much one should get get more out of it I guess cheap labor.  i mean this is like the forth phone i exchange. i am really disappointed.

It's compling with my expectations, it does what the genuine does and the price is less than half.It's very good

I have had this phone for a week now and this thing is awesome. It does everything that the description said it would do. Easy operations and directions and it works great with my pre-paid service. Buyers do be aware though that when purchasing this item it also says at the bottom that other buyers bought the Samsung shell and screen protectors. These items do not exactly fit this phone, but this phones sound,HD quality picture and ease of use made it great.

Great little phone. And for the price you can't beat it. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because of the sound. Just not enough volumel. Hard to hear alerts and conversations. Other than that it's a great phone.

Love this phone fast shipping and all around great as I have prepaid and all I had to do was pop my sim card in and I was good to go.

I start by saying, I love the screen  its large enough for me to see with glasses or without glasses. Everything else us great, except you have to wait for the United States networking to kick in, because it's shipped from Hong Kong everything doesn't work properly at first. But after twentyfour hours it's all foid

After a couple of weeks left to answer the phone ... Digitalizer is the damage and in my country does not repair poor quality equipment ...Luego de un par de semanas el telefono dejo de responder...el digitalizer se da&ntilde;o y en mi pais no lo repara...equipo de mala calidad

I order this phone few weeks ago.it came on time.my first international call to Liberia was very clear and great  connection too.Still testing this phone.the GPS on this phone is very fast. It is very easy to download apps on this phone.I use the phone sometimes as a dashboard cam. Everything on this phone is working great for me. I am thinking of ordering some for my kids

Oh my I am so excited about my phone. I love it. I received it on time packaged well. Love the features. One minor problem music volume low but who cares when you can wear earphones. Everywhere I go people want this phone when they see mine. I havnt had any major or really minor problems. I recommend this phone great job!!!!

it work great, i did'nt know what to expect when i first got it. but it has exceeded my expectation.

I would have gave you a 5 but when I stuck mg memory card in the phone it deleted everything that was on it. Other than that I love it

Overall I like the phone but there are a few things that stink and that's why this isn't a five star review....the camera is awful even when someone is still the picture comes out blurry however if u download a camera app it works a lot better......the other sucky thing is that you can't get the volume just n the headphones when you plug them n you can still hear it outside plane as day.....but its fast dowloads great the sceen is awsome and its very responsive to touch

i ordered this phone on August 31 & recieved it on sep 11 . it came in faster than i expected since i stay in Houston & the phone came from China. anyways, when i first open my package i was shock that the phone came with a flip case,  2 batteries, earphones, & a charger. i popped in my tmobile sim card & at first the phone wasn't right. it wouldnt read my sd card. it kept saying "unknown". i was very disappointed by 3 hours later my sd card started working & all my pics & music finally came up! beware though, this phone DOES NOT work on 4g or 3g. i have edge but happily my internet works pretty good on tmobile edge though so i can deal with that. the phone internal storage is really low is i suggest all buyers to move all your apps to the sd card. the earphones suck!!! it dont play music or anything on the earphones they give you. it only work on calls. everything else on this phone is really good though for its price! the only really downfall i have about this phone is my calls. for some reason most of the time when someone calls me im not recieving any of their calls. my incoming calls dont go through most of the time. also i have to put my phone on speaker or use the earphones for the other person on my line to hear me talk. if i take them off speaker and talk to them from my ear for some reason they cant hear me. if this problem is fixed than i will give this product a 5! but other than that, this phone is good for its price.

I ordered this phone thinking it was the Galaxy Note as claimed and it is NOT. They have the galaxy note sticker on the phone when you fist receive it, but it's a KNOCK OFF version. I wasn't satisfied at all. Don't advertise to be something it's not.  Then the phone was constantly freezing up on me when I first received it. Also. The volume is HORRIBLE when you're talking on the phone. Unless you use the headphones, you won't be able to hear the person on the other end. The headphones are CHEAPLY made. Needless to say, I returned this device after a week of using it.

Had the phone for less than 5 months. Really enjoyed it but then the screen randomly stopped working. I never dropped it the screen just shut off and wouldnt turn on even on the charger or even when i switches batteries. The company will NOT replace it. DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE

the buy mango natural star and it was not working any more no display no power in the phone i am not satisfied

Phone is great but the only downside is that the internal memory sucks. I have an 8gb sd card and that doesnt help. Other then that phone is great

Work great, no problems at all. Was delivered long before the estimated date of delivery, looks just like the picture. I downloaded Next Launcher 3D from Google play app store and it makes this phone look awesome! Everyone thinks it's the Samsung Note 2 and when I tell them what it really is and how much I paid for it, they all want to get one.I well tell you this:- Do not install Go Locker and use the lock screen that comes with the phone because when it locks and you get a call you will be able to answer the call but after your call ends, you can't unlock the screen it keeps blanking off. I thought it was a problem with the phone so I keep taking out the battery to restart the phone not realizing that having 2 screen locks, the 1 when the phone starts up and the 1 when the phone goes to standby running at the same time seems to be causing the problem of unlock the screen (DUH). When I uninstall Go Locker the phone worked great.5 STARS without hesitation.

This phone is good for the money and service that I have, but I cracked the screen the same day I got it. I have searched for a case, and I CAN NOT find one. I have had it for 6 months or more, it is starting to give me problems so I am moving on!

Its a good phone but when I put my contacts in my phone it will erase it and its slow when I go to my call log and when I want to play candy crush saga it want let me go to it,when I go to the internet and look up something it will log out of it.

Does anybody know what kind of cases do you buy for the phone and where can I purchase it? The one mines came with doesn't fit, It's made more for a S4 & I own a S4 and it still doesn't fully fit. Please any suggestions? Thank you.

Well anyone wanting to buy this phone I would recommend it to anyone however the data that I use with straight talk att sim doesnt pick up like I would have hoped. but over all its a great phone.

THIS PHONE HAS A REALLY BAD CAMERA. DONT HAVE ANY CASES TO GO ON IT , AND IT SUCKS BADLY !

good phone is quite fast considering its ram run well the games and other applications the graphics are good compared to more expensive smarthpons this is super good

THIS SELLER WILL TAKE YOUR MONEY AND TREAT YOU LIKE CRAP, EVEN AFTER I TRIED HELPING HIM, HE LIED LIKE MY PHONE WAS DAMAGED, MY PHONE WAS NEW AND HE TOLD ME HE WOULD GIVE ME 50 BACK AFTER I SEND HIM MY PHONE, YOU ARE THE WORSE AND I PRAY THAT GOD HELP YOU WITH YOUR LIES AND HOW YOU TREAT PEOPLE, YOU CANT RUN A BUSINESS WHEN YOU TREAT A PERSON HOW YOU DID ME AND IM NOT THE ONLY ONE JUST LOOK AT HIS HISTORY ... IM JUST BEING HONEST.....

When I first saw this phone I loved it a whole lot. It was my dream phone becuase I am not able to afford the Samsung Galaxy at all. It is indeed a beautiful phone but there are some issues with it. The part for the earphone/head phone is not working properly. Only oce ear is working or not at all. It doesn't matter the type or brand earphone you are using. At times you need to restart it because sometimes the icons on the main screen  or at the top wont show. Otherwise from the defects its a beautiful phone. Everyone thought that I have a Samsung Galaxy which is wonderful! My phone looks big and expensive. Lol..... The size and graphics are great! Nice to watch videos and chat to person on. I would buy another but I would love the headset jack part to be fixed though........ That is why I gave them a 4......

Decent size bad camera basically no internal memory constantly having to delete games or texts and  its irritating because it says there is a gps on it no there is not and you cant use wifi calling its not a feature on the phone it says its 3g and again wrong its 2g basically had to delete all sorts of pics and things saved to the phone that was im assuming in chinese randomness and blah i didn't like the phone and i basically threw the $ i spent on it in the garbage

Bought this phone 3 months ago and now I have all types of problems1. The charger connection works when it wants to2. The front camera has very poor quality3. When I'm on the phone I can not go to the speaker, dial pad, facebook, etc.4. When Im on the phone the other person can barely hear me5. The keyboard works when it wants tothose are just a few things I can think about right now but horrible phone will never buy another electronic from Amazon -__-

shouldve bought the real deal u cant even change the fonts your phone has ta be rooted thats crazy phone suck

the concept is great so is the design (galaxy note)but using blue tooth or ear jack is horrible,phone freezes constantly.with the phones Bluetooth and ear jack not working proprerly,i'm forced to hold phone too ear,when that happens,if the slightest touch from my cheek ,the dials other numbers.smh.if they can work these kinks out ,phone would be great

I simply love this phone.  It has more than lived up to it's name.  I simply inserted my SIM card, chose my personal settings and began using it.  Everyone thinks it's a Samsung Galaxy Note. I love the large screen, the call quality is clear, and it takes beautiful pictures.  The phone does everything as advertised.  I purchased the phone along with the heavy duty hybrid case for an additional $3.11 in a bundle pack.  Don't waste your money on this case because it doesn't fit the phone!  I checked the sellers name before I wrote my review so I could include it.  Fortunately, this particular seller no longer offers the case, perhaps another seller would have a better quality hybrid case.

It only work on 2g speed on T-Mobile. You can't use your headphone or AUX cord. This phone is not the best but it look cool

The charger port was loose on this phone when purchased. Seller refused to replace or exchange. Power port then completely broke after 3 weeks of use. Camera has serious issues, lag, turns off on its own, won't capture photos, poor image quality. Screen goes black during calls at times and won't come back on when needed to use keypad/ speakerphone. Embedded videos play only sound and no picture. Netflix app also won't work on this phone.

This phone may look the part and seem to be good but its not. It has a very nice size but whats the use if the quality of the screen is not good or the quality of the camera. Also if your a person that needs alot of storage, this is not for you. Even with a big memory card their is still not enough room for simply 10 cool games and music. Long story short, you could find a phone 100 times better.

can this be used on straight talk......? before i buy it.....im dying to get a new phone and i kno someone who has the black one but doesnt kno if it can be used on straight talk...i kno they have the buy the sim card thing

Very nice looking phone and worked ok in the beginning. The internet started flickering after a day of use. Now I am no longer getting any calls. The home button refuses to work. This is really very annoying and my pleasure has turned to great disappointment.

if you wish to own a samsung note and cant afford it this could be it.its cheap and great i bought one and i am enjoying it .i love mine

I received  a totally unknown device with extremely low ROM space. I couldn't install any big enough application. And it's slow as hell, and lags every time. Even 3.5 mm audio jack works from time to time. Wireless signal drops about every 5 hours so I have reboot the device. I'm totally disappointed

The phone was very nice with a eligant screen and it came with everything including a case. It would have been nice if it came with a screen protector. All n all I would recomend this product!

I'm highly upset with this phone. the Sim card i have is not compatible and I'm goin through hell tryin to find service that is compatible. I'm really considering returning this stupid thing :(

THE PHONE STARTED OUT PERFECT,WHEN ALL OF A SUDDEN IT STARTED WITH PROBLEMS. THE TOUCH DID NOT FUNCTION PROPERLY UNTIL IT STOPPED COMPLETELY. AND I HAVE ONLY HAD THE PHONE FOR LESS THAN A MONTH. WHAT A WASTE OF MONEY.

this shipping alone is what ruined this phone for me. I waited over a month for this item, and no phone is worth a month and a half wait.

Seller: ProKat DVDI purchased two of these units as I was tired of contracts and refuse spending 300-600 on a smart phone out right.Service: T-MobileQuality level: good for making calling but since they have not re-framed my area to 1900mhz only 2g dataHave currently only used 1 sim at a time as I have yet to use it in Canada.I have seen other people complain about signal quality for both cell and wifi data but I have not experienced either issue.Display: overall it is acceptable but off angels are a it tough to see and directly in sunlight is pretty much a no go.  If you're use to hi-res phones you will have to adjust to the lower end display but the screen size does helpStorage:Internal: 2 gig on board, extended description does say 4gb but it is not accurateExternal: 32gb and 16gb confirmed working, have the phone set to load apps to preferred storage SD will save you a lot of painSpeed: if you load everything to SD and have a very slow card, you will take a performance hit.  Now if your familiar with android the device feels fine and really there is no issue with casual gaming on it.  I've tried Asphalt 7, NBA Jam, Riptide 1 and a few others with no lag.OS versions:  mine came with 4.1.1 but my wife's came with 4.0.4, I found this to be a bit puzzling and would like both to be current but all your current apps will still run.  I've been looking at ways to root the device preferably GUI but it seems most have to be flashed (XDA forums has some info but there is no specific board I've found for these devices)Battery life:  I don't have specific times/apps/etc to give you as I don't have the time but for the size of the display I'm fairly impressed with it.  It definitely gets much better battery then my Galaxy Nexus CDMA and if you don't beat the hell out of it gaming you could easily make it through the day.The good: battery life, 2nd battery in the box, an extra back with flip cover, doesn't feel that big (might go 6 inches next go round), bigger displayThe bad:  headset jack is deeper into the phone, trying to find a 3.5mm cable that will fit snug, 4.1.1 on one phone and 4.0.4 on the other, screen protector that came with it seemed way to thick, there are a few apps pre-installed that I could do with out (backgrounds, Docs to go)Overall for $150 you can't ask for much more, maybe the addition of 1700mhz

Love this phone! I would definitely recommend it to anyone.In fact I ordered the same phone for some family member of mine. The only problems I've had with this phone are: 1. I can't find any phone cases to go on it. & The battery doesn't last too long, but I can deal with it. GREAT PHONE!

yes if you are smart do not buy this phone here you are better off without it first of all it didn't come on time and after a few weeks it starts messing up here are some signs too look for screen frozen, wont cut on, over heats, its not rooted once you pulled the battery out after the screen freezes the fone itself won't come back I'm a very unsatisfied customer I REPEAT DON'T BUY THIS PHONE it a worthless piece of junk

so far its a really nice phone. the only reason i wouldn't give it a 5 star because this phone is &#34;HUGE&#34;.
