
Yes it's really big phone but i love it.. works great.. and of course unlocked and rooted with custom roms make it even better..

I love this phone! Most people will say its too big butbi assure you it isn't that much of an issue. I've had it for about a month and ill keep it for a long time

Love the phone, the speed the size it's awesome I thinking buy a backup battery so I can use longer

Great battery life after owning a Motorola Droid Razr. Rich with so many features (just wish that there were more instructions. Download the tutorals from the play store). As always, I haven't seen a better price anywhere. Delivery was speedy and complete.

After seeing the commercials and then holding them at the local Verizon store, I purchased this phone for my husband and I through Amazon Wireless considering I was saving $150! That's a nice savings. We've had them since December 2012. It's now September and we still are in love and using them with no issues.We love them for the screen size and that we can do practically anything on it that we were doing through multiple tech products (cellphone/tablet/laptop). Now we're able to do the same things we like, watch videos, surf the web, make notes, text, take pictures and video, play games and social media without having to lug around the other products to do the same.People always comment about how large the phone is. I say, yep, that was the reason I bought it. I've probably sold several of these phones through word-of-mouth and just having the person holding it and seeing how awesome it is. When I go for my walks, the phone fits easily in my front or back pockets with no issue. It's nice and slim.I don't need to go through a pro and cons list. There are many posted with other reviews. I just wanted to say be open-minded and go and check out the phone for yourself. Don't give in to peer pressure because of the size. People will envy you once you show them how awesome it is.

Awesome phone! What can I say.. It does everything x10 I'd wanted and 10x more.. I havn't even mastered it yet but it works like a dream and i have Zero complaints.. wish I'd upgraded to the Note II 2yrs ago lol... BadA$$ phone, picture qulity and camera quality is 2nd to none..

i still have some issues with this phone,  the ringer turned itself off sometimes, i miss calls and realize the ringer is off.  the screen goes dark when i am talking on the phone and i need to shake it to get the screen back to even hang up.  sometimes even answering the phone is a challenge due the drop down screen covering up the swipe part to answer the phone.  it does have so many features i haven't even tried to figure out.  i do enjoy the calculator, weather, and calendar features the most.

I went from an iphone to a motorola (yuck) to this phone. I like it. a lot. yes it is very big. that is the first thing that people say when they see it. But I have very poor eyesight so it has been great for me. No more squinting to see the screen....

I have had this phone for over 8 months now and continue to be pleased by the pure performance of my Note 2. I am a person who likes to email and text with both hands and it fits comfortably whether I use both hands or just one. I got used to the phone size after about a week or so and can't imagine using a smaller phone anymore. The only downside to the size of this phone is that it tends to be a little heavy during phone conversations, I have invested in some nice headphones so I don't have to hold this behemoth up to my ear during long conversations. The Camera is also another downside to the phone, while quality of pictures in natural light is pretty good, in low light situations the pictures are really grainy and the flash leaves a washed out hue in the photos. Overall an excellent phone for everyday use!!!Pros:-Screen Size-Performance-Call Quality-AestheticsCons-Weight-Sub par Camera

i would have given it 5 stars if they included a head set.  what gives Verizon?  T-mo, ATT, Sprint Note 2's all includes headsets. this is probably the oddest thing I've seen from a major carrier.

Love this phone! Battery life is good..nit too big. Easy to use. Woukdnt go to any other phone! Love the smooth appear ance too. So sleek. Super sexy phone.

I've had this phone for 9 months & I'm super happy with it. The phone has Android 4.1.2 as of this date. I use the S-pen for work all the time. I also, draw mustaches on my friends pictures and send it to them. But, I mostly use this phone for work. With my apps and S-pen. I can't kill the battery on this phone in 1 day. Four to five hours of hours of GPS, Gmail, Web browsing, talking on the phone. I come home at the end of the day and I'll have over 25%.

This is a great phone. I switched from an iPhone 4S and it makes a world of difference. The phone is snappy and is very customization (as with most droids).I've been switching back and forth between companies, and currently it would take a lot to get me back to iPhone.

I'm one of those people that never review products, but I had to with this phone. If your on the fence about which phone to buy, choose this phone! It blows away the IPhone. I am a Mac lover and have other Apple products but wanted to try something different. My husband has the iPhone and it looks like a toy compared to this phone. You won't be sorry. Try it!

This is hands down the best phone I have had. It does everything I need and has an amazing camera. It does take some getting used to though since it's huge and you'll get comments all the time about the size but having the larger screen is a plus. I'm actually buying one for my girlfriend since she loves mine and needs an upgrade from her current HTC Evo.

got phone yesterday. getting used to it. so far very happy with Note 2. see it will take time to get all the features down, but well worth the money.

I have had my Galaxy Note 2 for about three weeks and I am still enjoying it every day. This phone stands out from the pack by offering a 5.5&#34; display and a highly sensitive Stylus Pen. Samsung is becoming the premium Android Phone company and their products are very popular. One things that makes this phone stand out compared to other Android phones is Samsung's Touchwiz interface. Touchwiz is Samsung's way of customizing your Android experience and provides many enhancements to the default Android UI. One thing that I love is that Samsung uses Badges (like the iPhone) to notify you of incoming messages and emails. It makes it very easy to glance at your phone and see if you've missed anything.This phone packs a lot of features that further cause it to stand out. There are a wide number of gestures that you can setup for the device. An example is that you can tilt the phone to go from screen to screen and you can also double-tap the top of the phone to move to the top of a list. You can also choose to have the phone stay awake while you are looking at it. These are all neat little touches that show an appreciated attention to detail by Samsung.For me the phone will easily last all day on a single battery charge. The battery is very impressive compared to other phones that I have owned in the past. Another nice feature is Samsung's Music Hub. This software allows you to upload your music Library to Samsung's Cloud (including from iTunes) and then listen to the music from the cloud without taking up any space on your phone.The front of the device feels very high quality and the screen is vibrant and responsive. It handles every modern Android game that I've thrown at it. I have tried many many Apps on the phone and I have not encountered any that were not compatible or that did not work correctly. All the major Apps are available from Dropbox to HBOgo.The only negatives that I would point out are that this large screen is only 1280x720. Other large phones boast a full 1920x1080 resolution which means higher pixel density and sharper images. The screen on the Note 2 doesn't look bad by any means, but this is obviously one area where Samsung cut corners. The other gripe is that the back of the phone is just a thin piece of plastic. This doesn't match the high quality of the rest of the device and could potentially be easily broken. The camera produces nice images, but is laggy. So don't expect to capture high-quality action photos with it.I would strongly encourage users to invest in a case to keep the back protected.Overall this is a fantastic phone and you would be hard pressed to find another that offers this level of quality and features. It will easily do everything that you ask of it.

My biggest concern seeing this phone in the store was the size. After 1 day you get used to the size and realize how awesome this phone is. Every other phone will now look small to you and you will wonder how you lived with such a small screen especially if you are coming from an iPhone.The battery life is amazing especially considering the huge screen. This is clearly the best phone on Verizon right now. Don't worry about the size and make the purchase.

this is the most incredible piece of technology I've ever seen. U can edit video and take pictures while recording.

Full disclosure, I was a fan of this phone since I first saw it. It's optimized for the things I do most with a cellphone. That being said, I was not disappointed when i received this phone. Ordering went smoothly and the phone arrived on the day it was supposed too.Ok, so yes, this phone is large and so it may not be for everyone. I am a 6'0" Male with largish hands though and it fits them perfectly. The large colorful display is perfect for watching clips or even full movies on the go. For less than 10 dollars I purchased a case that has a built-in stand so I can turn anywhere into a little theater. The sound is very good, with what appears to be a stereo speaker on the back (from sound and sight). It also appears to have 2 mics, one on either end. The interface is a huge improvement over the OS of my original Motorola Droid (yeah, that old...) and I really like that it starts playing what you were last listening too when you plug in your headphones. The camera works great too, I recorded a vlog using the front facing camera and although the file was big, the picture quality and sound were great despite being in a lower-light situation. I'm also happy to finally have a phone with enough space to not limit the size of the video I take to 5 minutes. This one even tells you how much space you've used and how much is left on your phone.The S-Pen works very well. I like to write things down on the fly and when the stylus is extracted from the device, it brings up their notepad as well as other compatible apps. I think it's pretty easy to learn to use most of the features, and I did it without using the manual, which I'd flung away in a fit of joy as the phone arrived. All of these features and the phone still fits in the front pocket of my regular fit pants. This may not work if you're a "skinny jeans" person, but I'm sure there are other ways to keep your phone handy. So far I am loving this phone. I remember there being minor problems, but they were so trivial that I can't even think of them off hand. It was a little hard at first to get my computer to recognize the phone, but once I installed the included in the phone software, it worked just fine.I hope this review helps and if you already purchased this, enjoy!

Unhappy and frustrated with the side buttons on the phone. When I try to take pictures or do anything in the horizontal position with the phone or if you don't hold it correctly the phone shuts off . IfI touch the volume buttons in the same situation it shuts the phone off. Very poorly postioned. On off should be on the top of the phone out of the way. Wish I could get another phone.

I've had my galaxy note 2 for about a year now. I bought it off contract through Verizon at the ridiculous price of nearly 800 bucks out the door with an otter box. I chose to be off contract so that I would maintain my unlimited data as I use nearly 15 gbs a month on 4G data alone not even including wifi useage.Performance: This thing is wicked fast for most applications, only the most intense of games or multi tasking will it show signs of slowing downStylus: I don't use the stylus much even though I was a converted Windows Mobile user. But when I do use it I love it's functionality. I Also love the pressure sensitivity of the stylus from wacom. I only know of one or two apps that actually take advantage of it but it just adds to the awesomeness, not to mention I like how it knows if I am walking away without my stylus, that has saved me on a number of occassions.Battery Life: Battery Life is nothing to write home about but it isn't all that bad either. I can get through the occasional work day and time at home watching occasional videos browsing internet all on 4g. If I use wifi it lasts way longer sometimes a day and a half.Cameras: I love the galaxy Note 2 rear camera. It produces clear sharp pictures, puts my friends phones to shame, some pictures even seem to rival my dslr if given good lighting. The video is decent too, I always love how Samsung includes high frame rate video recording to allow for slow motion video.  I don't use the front camera much but it does its job and it is clear enough.Pros:This device has nearly replaced my use of all devices. It is wicked fast on the internet...opening an excessive amount of tabs on a browser doesn't even make it flinch. I don't even use my laptop that much any more as the Note's screen size is large enough for most tasks. A lot of people look at the device and think that is way to bigg...and at first I was too...now it seems just normal to me and I use an otter box case which makes it even that much larger (which btw everyone should have an otter box case, it has protected my Note 2 through everything). I look at my old Droid 2 and I think to myself how could I ever use this tiny little screen? The Note 2 fits in my pockets perfectly no issues there.Cons:The device seems to be missing a few key features such as HDMI out and an IR port. The single mono speaker is okay loudness but ai really which there were dual stero speakers on the front. If it had those few features It would be an unstoppable device.

I bought this phone over a month ago. My previous Android device was the Motorola Droid RAZR MAXX. I was mostly pleased with the RAZR but after 12 months, I was bored with it. I went and paid retail price for this. The 5.5 inch screen is gorgeous for me compared to the RAZR. The 3100 mAh battery is efficient. I can get through a day with regular use (music, phone calls, messaging). I haven't had to use the power save too often. Call quality is good, no breakups, and the other party can hear me. Data reception isn't as solid on here vs the RAZR; but I am solidly in LTE areas, so I wasn't put off by that. Phone can ring extremely loud, vibrate is OK, so it is a wash.The quad core phone makes for a speedy experience and I haven't had a slowdown yet. The battery definitely can handle it.I use the phone as a makeshift music player and it works fine for that. Some gimmicky stuff (like squares), but it works. I have the Monster N-Credible Energy wired ear-buds and they sound good with the phone; better than the RAZR. Bluetooth pairing With the Motorola SF600 and the Monster Clarity speakers were flawless. Sound quality was solid; I couldn't access the phone's EQ settings over Bluetooth as it only works with wired headsets.Camera takes beautiful photos... I was really in the stone ages with Motorola cameras. Pics came out mostly clear and perfect for me. I just hate where the lens is placed... I always end up touching it when i take the phone out of my pocket.Phone is large by most people's standards, but it is comfortable enough for me since I have larger hands. I talk holding the phone to my ear. Fonts are larger and the screen makes everything easier to see. I got used to the larger size in no time... I definitely couldn't go back to a smaller device.I was a Samsung hater in the past, but the higher tier devices that are put out now (upcoming S4, S3, Note line) really deserve some consideration. The Note 2 is a superb device for those who aren't put off by the beastly size of the device.

I've had this phone less than a week and I am in love. I had been starting to think about getting a tablet, probably and iPad. And I was up for renewal of my cellphone contract, so I was planning on going with an iPhone, too. Then I did some research on this beauty and I've never had an easier time choosing a cellphone in my life. There just is no comparison.Other reviewers have given so many of the highlights that I feel like all I can add is that I no longer feel like I need a tablet, because this can do all of the things I wanted a tablet for. And I don't have the slightest regret about not getting the iPhone--there's just no comparison.One last thing... For anyone concerned about having a phone this big, get a bluetooth. Then you don't have to hold the thing up to your head. You'll be free to use this more like a mini-tablet, and you'll come to wonder how you ever got along on a screen as small as your old smartphone's.

I really love this phone.  It is so much faster than my 3 year old HTC Evo, and Verizon's data service is far superior to Sprint in our area.  I can now make calls in my house, instead of having to go out into the yard!The phone is big, but not as big as a small tablet.  I end up using this instead of my tablet a lot of times.  I wish they would have kept the screen ratio of the original note, which my friend has.  It is slightly wider and not as long, enabling a few more letters to fit across the screen, and is also a bit higher in pixel density.  But, if you were going for pixel density, you would want the S4.  The note offers the S-Pen, which is really nice for selecting text precisely, as well as handwriten notes.  I haven't used the split screen more than a few times, but as more apps take advantage of it, it may become more useful.  Battery life is is a little better than my Evo was, with over 26 hours of on-time with normal usage.  Overall, it is a great phone.  I waited and waited until the price dropped to under a hundred and then jumped!  The Note 3 will be out at the end of this year, and promises some more greatness, but it will cost way more than this phone, so just get this one now.

I love my note 2.  The size at first seems too big but its perfect.  Took me maybe 15 minutes to get used to it and wouldn't want anything less now.  The S-pen is a great feature and tool to have.  Would recommend this phone to anyone.

Love the phone and its ability to be customized. If you like Android OS, this is the phone for you!

I have had this phone for about a week.  So far this is just an all around amazing phone.  Common negatives I hear (usually from people who have never owned the phone) is that 1. it is too big for practical use as a phone and 2. that the Spen is just a gimic.1. At first I had to get used to the size, but after only a week it feels normal.  I have no trouble holding it and using it with one hand.  Even my 18 month yo daughter can hold it with one hand, and push buttons with the other.2.  I love the S pen.  I use it often for writing text messages, as I find it easier and more comfortable than typing.  I also use the S note for my work to-do list and grocery list.  It is very convenient.The Samsung user interface is different than the HTC one I'm used to, so that takes a little getting used to, but it's not a negative.  So far I like the Touchwiz just as much as Sense UI.  The only feature so far that I was let down a little by was the split window, because not every app works with it, only a few, but even still....It isn't a negative.  While I wish the multi window could do more, it is still a feature no other phone has, so it is still a pro over other phones.Now for the AWESOMENESS:The battery:  Today I tried to drain the battery.  I did 8 hours of slightly heavy/average usage (lots of internet, texting, apps etc... at full screen brightness all day, sometimes leaving the screen on) and still had 60% battery.  Next I watched Netflix on it for over an hour, with the brightness all the way up, and only went down to about 45%.  Finally at 12 hours of being unplugged I was at 28%, and decided to plug it in so I could use it later.  On average I lost 20% per 4 hours on average usage (for me) with screen brightness all the way up, which would give me 24 hours of usage.The Screen:  I LOVE the large screen.  As I stated above, at first it felt strange because I was not used to it, but after a day or 2, it felt normal.  Now my Wife's Droid Razr with a 4:3 screen feels too small when I hold it.  The Note 2 feels perfect.Pros:Extremely long batter lifeLarge screen (great for video, games, reading text, everything)Sleek designLight weightVery responsive cameraS pen (very convenient, I actually use *not just a gimik*)Just overall awesomeExtremely fast, smooth, no delays, everything loads instantlyCons:None found yet.  My friend who has had the phone for a couple months has not found any cons either.Personally, after all of my research, I believe this is the best phone out right now.  I guess it really comes just to personal preference.  While this is the best phone out right now, it will come down to personal preference on the size, although as I said before, you really get used to the size, and it feels normal.

Thought it would be too big.  I was completely wrong.  I even find myself wanting more screen area sometimes.  I have not had any issues carrying it, pocketing it, or anything.  Any weirdness from the size (which is not an issue) is more than made up for by the fact that I don't have to hold it 12 inches from my face like I did my iPhone.  Really great phone so far.  Can't say the same for Verizon service, which I have been disappointed with in my market.  But the phone is truly excellent.  Battery life is NOT 3 days like some people will claim.  I actually use my phone, and also don't have stellar service, so I am out by the end of the day.S pen is pretty worthless.  Nice try.The phone truly rises to its potential when customized with a launcher like Nova.  I don't buy the "touchwiz is good" hype.  I still can't stand a lot of the stock apps and layout.  Jellybean is also incredible, and got rid of a lot of the stuff that I couldn't stand about Android.

I have had so many cell phones I have always ended up Hating. Its been one thing after another with them. too small, not enough options for the money. ect ect......not to mention the price even with a 2 year agreement. Hooray for Amazon and there offer for this phone. I saved a bundle and it had turned out to be the best phone I ever had. I love it. Everyone is always saying....where did you get  that phone. And I tell them. Excellent buy and service as well.

Nice Android Phone.After using 6 months, I prefer to go back to my iPhone.Minor malfunction existed - Sometimes, when I took a phone call, the phone didn't respond my finger touch.

This is the best smartphone on the market. Excellent screen and easy to use android jelly bean system. Screen size is perfect as a phone and a small tablet. Battery life is also excellent. Buy a good quality case to protect this excellent phone.

Bought this phone as a gift for my daughter. My wife used it for a few days only and was OK. My daughter loves this phone.

I love the big screen, now I can wait for a tablet. With the 2 gig of ram and 1.7 gig processor it is super fast.  I was worried about the battery as I get lousy signal in my office and my home, however, when I leave the wi-fi on, it actually saves power as the data plan doesn't drain it anymore.

This galaxy Note II is so much more than a phone. It has many impressive features but to someone who is used to a basic phone the learning curve can be a little daunting. For anyone thinking of buying this phone who has had nothing but a basic phone might want to consider starting out with a smartphone the maybe might not be quite this smart!

I absolutely Love, Love, Love my new phone, there are parts that I have yet to discover, and I look forward to learning them.  The screen size and the functionality of the phone is amazing and the multitasking capabilities far surpassed my expectations.  It keeps me organized.

Good works~~~~~~ Not any problems. So far so gooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooood. I recommend it to you. Do not hesitate to use it.

I promised that I would not review this phone until I had it longer but something came to my attention and I had to address it. I have not had the phone a full week but I noticed a very important feature/set back - MAC users have to install software in order for it to be recognized as a device. You ask &#34;what is measly software?&#34; It is the principle of the matter. The whole point of me upgrading and getting bigger and better phones (I never keep a phone more than a year) is so that I can evolve as a tech user. My new phone always does one or twenty new things that my prior phone could not. The fact that the Note 2 is so innovative yet takes like a million steps back is mind blowing. I have been an Android users every since I left the iPhone behind some years ago. I have had many droid phone but none ever made me install software just to use it as a storage device and they didn't have half as many features as the note 2. This confuses and disappoints at the same time but I will continue to enjoy my shiny new toy and explore more and fantastic things about it. Once I've had it for a sufficient amount of time I will do an entire review and hopefully be more wowed than I am right now. So, stay tuned and I shall be back after this long break.

This is an amazing phone. The screen is huge and display is awesome. Considering how large the screen is, the battery life is very good. I had a RAZR Maxx which had awesome battery life, but this Note 2 comes close to lasting just as long. Although not really a fair compare to the RAZR Maxx since this phone is a generation older, the Note 2 seems better integrated and more responsive. The speaker volume is great and the phone sounds very clear. I wasn't a big fan of using a stylus until I played with the accompanying s-pen. Now, it seems almost essential! It's great for note-taking, playing some games, and clicking on the smaller stuff in a web page. I like how you can hover over an object on the screen and get info about it.The only "issue" with this phone is what also makes it awesome: the huge front piece of glass. It definitely feels like if I accidently dropped it, it would crack. I highly recommend getting a (protective) case for this phone. However, the protective cases tend to make the phone larger than your pocket... ugh.Since I had a RAZR Maxx, I've included a simple scorecard between the two.Feature..........RAZR Maxx...Note 2Battery Life.........A.........B+Display Brightness...C+........ABrightness...........B.........ASW Integration.......B.........ASpeaker Vol/Clarity..B-........AVoice Clarity........B+........ASetting Changes......B.........ATyping/Texting.......C.........ACamera...............B.........AAlarm Clock..........A.........BCalendar.............C-........A-Responsiveness.......A-........ADurability...........A........CTransportability.....A........C

switching from Sprint network was like going from the dark ages to Star Trek. Phone works so much better on the Verizon network

I decided to upgrade through Amazon for the first time and I'm very happy that I did.Seriously it's like $100 cheaper. I'm going to be upgrading with Amazon from now on.For the phone, I think the tile says it all. The phone I received was so perfect I wished I tookpictures to show you. I have to admit I was a little hesitant to buy this phone because everybodykept saying it was too big. Let me tell you this isn't the case. Now that I own this phone I lookat all the other phones and I think WOW your phone is so small. I would compare it to owning a bigscreen TV, once you have one nothing else is every good enough.Samsung Galaxy Note II is the best phone on planet Earth, need I say more.To the haters please remind yourself who, "Samsung", came out with it first.

This is the best phone I have ever had the pleasure of owning.  I am not really into doing reviews, but for about 2 months before I made my mind up that this was the phone I wanted, I read A LOT of reviews, mostly good.  In fact, the only negative review I read was the size.  Trust me when I say, it is not to big.  It is perfect.  If you haven't added it to your cart yet... hop to it.  You won't regret it.

Love the Galaxy Note II goes over and beyond what any phone has ever done.  Better than the I phone. It has more visibility on the screen, better camera because it takes better pictures. Love the choices of apps. Love the integration with other products which the I phone does not.

Absolutely love this phone, I was apprehensive at first to purchase such a large phone. A coworker had the Note 1 and I asked him if after a year of use he felt it was too big and he simply stated he couldn't see himself without it. I have to admit it is a little large when holding it up to your ear but you really can't beat the screen size when texting, surfing the internet, or gaming and the stylus is an added bonus. The phone is also very fast, even with all the preinstalled Samsung and Verizon software. Many people root their phones for performance improvements but there is no need here. The quad core processor and 2 gigs of RAM do quite well. I had planned on getting a Galaxy S4 but they were selling for $250 and I picked up the Note 2 for $79, quite a deal.

I had Iphone 5 and wanted to try bigger size phone.  I bought this and love it.  way faster and more convenient when it comes to transferring data.  can't even compare to the iphone.  I will not buy any more small screen size iphone.  LOVE this Note2...

I have been reading reviews of many Android phones for a long time.  The concensus amongst those who do reviews professionally is that this is the fastest,  smartest and most complete smartphone out there.I have had for just over a month and cocur completely.  I thought that the S pen might be gimmicky,  but I actually find myself using it a lot.  Much more accurate to type than a finger.Video quality. . . . A+Battery Life. . . . . ASound. . . . . . . ASpeed. . . . A+Screen Size. . . A+Multitasking.. . . . A+Price. . . . . BUser Friendly. . . . ACamera. . . . . ACamera Options. . . . A+Cutting Edge Technology. . . . A+

For those who work on their phones more than they talk on them......this phone is for you. The s-pen is awesome. Love this phone!

I did weeks of research before buying this phone and am very satisfied with my purchase. I believe this, the s4, and the HTC One are tied for the best phone available. Before listing the pros and cons, I think it is important to mention that i immediately put my phone in an Otterbox Commuter case (highly recommended) and that almost all of my friends have Iphones, which gives me something to compare it to.Pros:S Pen- I did not think i would use it, but it is great for when i have sticky fingers, want to draw on pictures, or want to use swype.Size- Freaking awesome. Much more enjoyable than a small screen. It fits in all my pockets. Warning- Apple fanboys will hate on the size saying it is too bigSwype- at first i was dismayed by how slow texting was on the note, but once i started using swype I started to love texting again.Sd Card- a must for me due to all of the songs i haveNotification Bar- very useful and allows me to quickly toggle settings and view notifications at the same timeCPU- seems to be much faster than an IphoneCamera- works very well for snapchat and instagram and comes with many editing features4g LTE- very fastNow on to the cons (which are mostly nitpicky but I want to give as accurate a representation as possible)Battery Life- I heard the battery life was fantastic, but it seems just average. Maybe i just use the phone too much but i need to charge it every night. Maybe that just shows how much i love itAutocorrect- on the stock keyboard the autocorrect is really bad, although i understand this is a problem on most phonesplastic back cover- when i removed the back cover to put in the battery, I held what felt like an extremely cheap piece of plastic. With my Otterbox on, this does not really matter but for someone that doesnt use cases this slippery plastic may not be ideal.Music- The music library is ok except for that most of my album artwork is gone, which is just annoying.Final Thoughts- I love this phone, I really do. I love the power of it and I love how an Iphone seems like a little toy compared to it. My sister also has a note 2 and she loves it too. WARNING- I have now become a Samsung fanboy and attempt to convert the infidel Iphone users. But seriously, I am extremely proud to own this phone. Get this phone now unless youre just going to wait for the Note 3

I've read most of the other reviews and have little contradictory to add; so I mostly want to provide comments not mentioned by other reviews:First the internal storage is quite fast; given some issues I've had with a tablet this was a pleasant surprise.The spen is a nice addition. Most of the time I consider it gimmicky but it is rather useful for a quick note or annotation on an image.Audio clarity on this phone is quite a step up from the razr and galaxy s3 which was a bit of a surprise; both sending and receiving phone calls and media on the phone itself.Battery life is good but I miss smart-actions that the razr had that extended battery life quite a bit when not in use. I've played with a couple of alternatives from the app market but they have not  been quite as easy to configure or flexible.The phone is a bit larger than I would prefer (if I were designing my perfect phone) and I would modify the volume button and power button a bit (making the volume button smaller and moving it a bit lower and the power button larger or (prefer choice) moving it on top; i.e, i often hit the volume button when I grab the phone  because it is easier to hit than the power button and oriented in a way that (i find) favors tapping it when picking up the phone)-Last but least the display is not super bright and in very bright but not direct sunlight it can be a bit difficult to use the camera. Disabling all power saving features for the display (there are two of them; one in power and a second in display) does help though this is not a strong point of the device.-So while I'm pleased with the phone it is hardly (for me) the 'perfect' device but at time of purchase seemed like the best option given the choices.

I highly recommend the Galaxy Note II.  I replaced my Zoom tablet (which was sooo slow) and my Iphone (which was too small to read) with the Note II - don't even consider a Kindle. The Note II is just as large and you can download the Kindle app.  The Note II is bright, light, fast loading, searching, etc. and easy to handle.  Not too worry about it being too large for a phone because all you have to do is put it on speaker, use earphones or a blue tooth.  Amazon had the best price, came with the sim card too.

I recently bit the bullet and decided to use my Verizon upgrade. For $230 (phone plus upgrade fee) I am very happy with my decision to not simply go with the iPhone 5.  Everything that I did NOT like about Android seems to be fixed. You can organize your apps into folders, hide bloatware, and I am becoming particularly fond of the widgets and this phone's special S-pen. I'm going to go by section for this review. If you already have one or simply want the meat, be sure to read the "accessories" section. That's my only caveat about this phone - accessories are a pain to find on the sales floor!Phone build: The screen is beautiful and there are color adjustment, brightness, and rotation settings. Use a screen protector as it scratches VERY easily. I have had mine two days and already have a few small scratches that I'm clueless as to where they came from! The battery pops out, so you can easily replace. The Verizon version is actually issued with a SIM card. HUGE plus if you someday want to swap out phones! 4G = super fast.Size: I was a bit worried about the size, but truthfully I can't believe I ever had a small phone before. Compared to the iPhone 4/4S this is a significantly larger phone and screen. It's beautiful. The larger screen makes everything from reading to surfing more comfortable. I actually find it more comfortable holding the larger phone, even for calls. My hand doesn't cramp! I am 5'4 and average size hands. My husband is 6'6 and this fits his super man hands wonderfully.Apps: I have a mini and was previously an Apple owner. I'm not a fangirl, but the draw of Apple was the the iOS was consistent and could sync up from one device to another without loss of information. Lately iOS had become a nuisance and even boring. Using an app called easy phone sync, I transferred my music, contacts, photos, and even old texts/imessages to my new phone. Also, apps that you pay for in the Apple store are generally free on Google Play. Apps perform beautifully. I'm a little bummed that my latest favorite, Lady Glow Bug, has yet to make an appearance in the GP store. Bygones.Audio: The speakers on this phone are fantastic! I can turn the volume down and it sounds beautiful; if I'm in my car it is even loud enough to play Pandora without bluetooth/aux-in. It also means the speaker phone option is actually audible!Camera: Truth be told, the iPhone's camera wins. Better quality, and I'm not sure why. This camera has virtually no shutter lag, which is awesome. The photos in lower light can get grainy. The images also have a tendency to be a little under-saturated. A quick adjustment with an app like Snapseed will fix those issues for most folks who are taking snapshots.The S-pen: Wow, has the stylus ever come back in style! It is so fun to doodle or take notes with this pen. I even use it with swype to send my texts. I have a widget set up with my to do/reminder list. It also makes it super easy to get phone numbers, or jot down something when you're on the run. This is a masterful gadget that can totally revamp your phone experience.Near-field communication, multi-window: These are two features I've yet to do more than fiddle with at the moment. NFC will be useful when more devices have it. The multi-window view is great, but some apps don't work with it and you have to do some research. For example, with Verizon's version I can't seem to get Facebook to pull into the menu. Do a quick google for a tutorial or two to maximize this function.Motion commands: This phone is capable of a few cool things via motion/detection. For example, if I flip it face down I can mute what I'm doing at that moment. Great for dates, meetings, or if you're going to bed and don't want to get a text from your drunk friend at night! That's just one example, explore the phone for more options.Battery life: A bit exaggerated according to specs, but with a battery manager I'm slowly getting better use. I can easily go a whole day without a charge, including game play.Accessories: This has nothing to do with the phone other than it is hard to find affordable accessories for this phone in the stores. Box stores have little and the big blue electronics store is seriously overpriced.  Amazon has a great selection, and I chose a set ofECO-FUSED 9 pieces Polka Dot TPU Flex Gel Cover Case Bundle for Samsung Galaxy Note 2 N7100 / 4 Polka Dot TPU Cover Cases (Green, Blue, Hot Pink, Yellow) / 2 Stylus (Long-Hot Pink, Short-Light Blue) / 2 Screen Protector.I also ordered theiOttie Easy One Touch XL Windshield Dashboard Car Mount Holder for Galaxy S4, Galaxy Note 2mount.Speaker docks for android are few and far between, so I've looked into aIpad Iphone docking 30 pin female to Micro usb 5pin male data charge adapter By Atomic Market (TM)for a regular ihome since my husband is still rocking the Apple.Overall, I have to give this phone 5 stars. It gets great reviews for a reason.  I can't imagine being unhappy with it, ever. I don't have any intention of rooting it and I feel like you don't need to. Beautiful piece of work, Samsung!

The screen is big, big I have gotten use to it coming from a Galaxy S 2. it is a lot faster as well, I had my GS2 on Sprint. I was waiting for the Galaxy S 4 to come out, but after watching many video reviews I decided that I will get the Note 2 and also since I found it for only 79.99, I couldn't beat that either. Pretty much all the apps I used on my GS2 work just the same if not better on my Note 2, simply because of the faster processor. If you have small hands you should really think if this phone suits you. I would advise you to go to any one of the carriers that have the Note 2 and see if you can adjust to it, especially coming from a way smaller phone.

Note: my previous phone was an HTC Thunderbolt.I am 5'7" and I easily hold the phone in my hand with no problem.First of all, the battery is just AMAZING!!!I left the bluetooth, GPS, mobile data, etc on and it lasted 24+ hours.The screen is responsive and the processor is fast.The stylus is good, admittedly I am still getting used to it.The ability to take notes and generate task lists is great.I would highly recommend this phone to anyone considering it.The size seemed a little big for the first few hours and now I can't imagine going back to a smaller phone.Go for it, you won't regret it.

Thought it would take a while to get used to the bigger size but the size is so perfect I decided not to buy a tablet.  Don't need one now.  Apps and phone are so easy to use and haven't fund an app I couldn't get for it yet.

I struggled for a long time deciding between the SIII and Note II.  My current phone, Tmobile G2 was already rather large and heavy.  Finally after reading all the reviews with Amazon and all the tech magazines decided to go for it.  Did not buy from Amazon as I do just about everything else, only because a friend is in the business and matched their price.First.  While the phone is quite large, it is extremely light and easy to handle.  Probably 1/2 the weight of my G2.  Even with the Urban Armour cover it is light and very manageable.The speed and ease of operation is awesome.  Sometimes things are a bit challenging to locate and make work, but there are many good help sources to use and once you get going it works very well.  I did have some issues getting voicemail to work, but again, the help videos included got me started just fine.  I do miss the pullout keyboard on G2 and will probably get a Bluetooth keyboard eventually.  So far the phone keyboard is working fine and few typos, but for more than just small amount of typing I will need something better.I don't know about battery life yet, still very early.  but suspect it will be just fine for my use and have car jack if needed.I truly do not miss T Mobile and look forward to much better voice and data coverage from Verizon.  Had them at work and it was great coverage.Again, great phone so far and looking forward to continued happiness with it.

Upgraded my iPhone 4S and was deciding between the 5 and this Note 2. Sooooo glad I went with this one. The size is really not an issue at all and the screen is amazing for watching videos. The only downside is some apps don't work as well on Android as they do on IOS. Still, I highly recommend this one if you're between the two.

Great phone!!

This phone far exceeds my expectations.  It is very intuitive and teaches you about the controls and features as you use it.  If you are considering the Note II, then stop considering and buy it!  This phone is incredible.

The best cell phone I've ever had. I've had other smart phones but this one is by far the best one I've had. I love it

I like all the functions and also the fact that the screen is larger so I have an easier time reading my messages. The one thing that makes it inconvenient is the size. It does not fit in my pocket so when I walk, I have to carry it in my hand.

I absolutely love this phone. It is the right size. Not one problem with it. Will never have anything other than a Samsung galaxy. Would recommend to all my firends and family.

I'm somewhat of a "Tech junkie." Therefore, I've owned/own my fair share of devices. Iphone 3g, 3gs, HTC EVO, EVO 3D, Galaxy TAB 7.7, Droid Razr Maxx, and droid DNA by HTC, to name a few. This by far does what all the above do and MORE. I am not a Samsung fan, but as of late they have set the bar in what modern tech can be. Anyone debating on making the leap to this monster of a device shouldn't hesitate! I thought the size would make it uneasy to handle since I have small hands but, I quickly got used to it. It also has 1 handed mode, where you can switch the keyboard, phone dial pad, and ecen the calculator to favor either side with the touch of an arrow! I know women who have no problem operating the phone with the smallest hands. There is already a wealth of accessories at your disposal since this is a global device, as well as being available on 5 U.S carrier's. This has taken over my tablet as my browsing and media device. The S-pen acts as a mouse with features like hovering over links to show previews of emails, web content, photo albums and even shows a live preview with sound of your videos just by hovering! this device is nothing short of amazing! of course, the main reason this device is made, being a phone, it is excellent and reception and 4g LTE conectivity where available. No dropped calls and everyone sounds clear and say that I sound clear on my end. Buy it!Pros: super fast quad core 1.6 GHz processor.Large 5.5 inch super amoled 720 p HD screen non pentile version.A plethora of the features including the extra features that that s pen enables.Great battery life with 3100 mah battery whuch is removable.Micro sd slot for up to 64 gbs of external storage.Cons: Pricey, but you will not need to worry about your device vecoming obsolete before your next device, as its packing the latest and greatest in every aspect besides the 1st and only 1080p display in the USA on the DNA. Which that device has ONLY a 2020 MAH battery, and a few other shortcomings which I don't need to list in this review.A little large, but as I mentioned you will quickly become accustomed to the size and everything else will feel unnecessarily small. Making myself wonder why I ever wanted such a small device especially with this being pocketable.My conclusion. This is hands down the best device for all your entertainment, productivity, and typical smartphone needs!

I have been wanting this phone for along time, just didn't like the price. Then a sale came along at a box store, got it for $1.00. Could not be happier. I owns the Note tablet so I am familiar with the operating system and it's quirks.I love the s note app, I use this all the time at work for now while programming jobs, now I can do it in my phone and it automatically syncs with my tablet.:  I too was concerned about the size at first, but being so thin I don't notice it anymore. Some of the installed apps are bulky, but fortunately there are enough aftermarket programs to fix that, replace touch wiz with Nova Launcher and the response time of the screen is greatly improved..  I highly recommend this phone, a Co worker upgraded to the Note 3 and is spey he did, the screen resolution is not as good, really not much different than the Note 2 and he spent more.

This is the best smart phone I've ever used. So far it hasn't froze or crashed once. I use several apps from games to productivity.  Not a glitch. I the multi window feature is amazing. You can be checking an email or messaging at the same time. Look something up your chating about without closing the browser and chat window. The battery lasts most of the day. Nothing bad to say about this phone.

Who needs the Note III this phone is perfect, no modding necessary.  Fast and what a nice lasting battery - AAA+

I love this phone so far.  Sure, it's big.  Sure, it doesn't fit everywhere you'd like it to, but who cares?  The good far outweigh the bad.  It's fast, does everything I need it to do, and the screen looks amazing.  Samsung makes great stuff, no doubt.Here is my one gripe:  It doesn't have the calendar widget that I love on my wife's Galaxy S3.  Why???  She has this big, beautiful calendar right on her home screen.  Why not include that on this phone??  I hunted and hunted for it, but to no avail.  Then I downloaded some other ones, but they were junk.  I just want to have a nice looking calendar on my home screen, is that too much to ask?

Got my phone a few days after I Ordered it love it so much.Just need to get a case so i do not break it.

This phone is super durable and has lasted me forever. Usually I have to replace my phone every 2-3 months but I've had this one for 8 months without one issue coming up. Not only that, I have friends with the iPhone and I constantly hear them complain that the update messed their phone up or it dies fast... this phone def dominates the iPhone any day!

I have actually had 3 other versions of this same phone with other carriers. I just simply love Samsung products, and especially the ones I can write on. Here's what made me return this phone. The logo. A logo on the home button. Why does it bother me? It's way over the line. I pick it up and see a Verizon logo. I turn it on and see a Verizon logo. Then the wallpaper appears and I see a Verizon logo. I make a call and a voice thanks me for choosing Verizon, and I hear what amounts to a Verizon logo, and that I have x minutes left. There is no answer, but their voicemail thanks me again for using Verizon, and says the person at that Verizon number is not available, so I leave a message.At this point, Verizon is so far inside me, I feel like I've given up part of my soul, and have to keep looking in the mirror and reminding myself I'm someone's father, and that dignity is important.The last thing I need at this point is to have the one button I'll be pressing a hundred times a day reminding me that I'm pressing a Verizon button. I'm wondering when I come home some day, I'll find the best parts of my wife's body grafittied with Verizon's logo. The day they think they can get away with something like this--it will be exactly what they do, PRECISELY.How intrusive can a logo be before it becomes indoctrination? Verizon is becoming "Father's Voice," of Equilibrium. Every time I see the word anymore, I just want to puke, and a voice inside me says "I must get out of here. I must get free."This is why I stopped wearing certain brands of clothing that plaster their logo over most of the surface area of the clothes. I am not a logo, and I will not let a corporation make me one--or make me serve one by plastering it on buttons they know I'll be pressing all day for completely unrelated reasons.Verizon, you do not own me, and I have just the place where you can stick your label.

If I thought that it would be possible to give a phone 5 stars, this would be it.  There really aren't any draw backs.  People say "Damn that thing is huge!" and i just smile and say thanks.  It really is exactly what I wanted.  draw backs are its size, but that is also the best thing about it.  it is so large that with some pants i have, when i sit down it falls out of the top of my pocket.The screen is beautiful.  The phone is also very fast!But...  The battery does not last like it did when it was new.  Every day I shut down apps and try to minimize battery usage.  I would say it lasts longer than average, but when it was new, it was quite a bit better.

I absolutely love this phone and think it is the best I have ever had! and I had many!!! I will hang on to this one for a good while.....I do have a problem that Verizon could not solve and I hope anyone reading this can help. It has been reset thru Verizon and nothing changes to this&#62; when I text anyone who does not have a smart phone, it goes into symbols and they cannot read it. (My old phone was a droid smart phone and it did not do that to theirs. This is very upsetting on both parts) And another person, if I text anything to his, their phone breaks it up and sends multiple texts to them. It is not my font settings or theirs(At&t;). There phone company said it is my  phone. Many of my other friends, it comes thru just fine. I called Verizon and they can't seem to help this situation. Anyone has any advice or had this happen to them?

Wonderful just love it.  Got a great price on it.  Light weight  and like all the extas it has.  Can see it even if I don't have my glasses on.  Also love to read,  so when reading my Kindle it holds more on a page .

I bought my phone middle of July at a fantastic price 79.99. Was a little nervous because it was first time buying a phone through Amazon, but it was a painless purchase. I read great reviews about the note and was even told to go for the latest and greatest galaxy 4 but my heart was set on the note 2 and so glad I did. Coming from the Razr Maxx it's a big difference for the better.Would give more stars if I could and I see this phone being a keeper.

Don't hesitate to get this phone.  Its everything everyone says it is and more! Excellent battery life and the screen is huge.  Went from an original Droid Incredible to this and the size difference, while drastic, is of no issue whatsoever.  I would recommend this 'phablet' to anyone.

Pros:- 4 core processor - amazingly fast- Great camera- Size- Screen resolution- Amazing battery life and impressive short charge timeSo far I am enjoying everything about this phone. It has a beautiful screen, 4 core processor and very nice camera. These are the 3 things that motivated me to purchasing this phone over the competitors, namely the iPhone 5.While Apple still dominates the Apps market and the native camera on the iPhone 5 is IMO better than the Note 2, in the end I couldn't bring myself to support the company. I don't like how they conduct business. Be that as it may, the Note 2 camera and lens is still very good. I have a 17 month old daughter and having a nice lens was very important in my decision. Just makes it easy to capture on the go pictures when we're out. The indoor photo quality is at times yellow and grainy, but that's all due to poor lighting - I highly doubt even the best camera phone is good in these conditions. However, outdoor pictures are spectacular.The quad core processor is amazingly fast. I think it may perform faster than my laptop as far as basic functionality. I went all weekend without using my laptop for viewing and printing documents, browsing websites, visiting forums, and responding to emails. The size and screen resolution is quite unreal. I don't notice any pixelation and due to the smaller size and high resolution I think the video playback actually looks better on the phone. I love the double screen app functionality and the size of the screen makes viewing everything smooth and easy.Cons:- Size- Better email appThe size of the phone itself is borderline too big. There's rumors the Note III could be 6.5" - what really?  It's very difficult to navigate and use one handed. Samsung has cleverly developed a one hand typing option. However, this option is only useable when using the native keyboard application. I use Swiftkey3 and I'm unable to activate this option so typing one handed is close to impossible. My thumb just isn't able to reach across to the far letters. I guess in the end this will keep me from texting while driving and save my life and I'll just have to succumb and leverage the voice recognition software. I have yet to test this application myself.I also wish for an improved native email client. It's really easy to setup and add multiple accounts, but there's some features I look for that are missing. First, I'd like to address the fact that you cannot add Gmail to the native email app. Once opened it even says to use the gmail app. Fine, no big deal I guess, but again this goes back to one big feature I desire. I like email clients where you can access all accounts in one combined inbox. For my personal uses, I find jumping between accounts and apps quite cumbersome. Thus I'm relegated to using a third party email client for my purposes. No big deal I guess, but something I wish they would improve seeing as how this is billed as a business phone and more and more companies are starting to offer BYOP options.Overview:I find the size of the phone both a positive and negative feature of the phone, but in the end it's up to you the individual to decide if it fits your lifestyle. This is going to have me replacing my 7" tablet for most purposes. I will also use a bluetooth headset to keep myself from putting a monster sized phone up against my head. The call quality and 4G signal from Verizon has been great so far. I have been getting great LTE speeds. Last speedtest was around 15mbps down, 8mbps up. So with this being a phone first, the Note II passes with flying colors.EDIT:I went ahead and removed a star. Why? Because Verizon appears to have neutered the phone itself a little bit. One of the nicest and most glittering functions is the multi-task toolbar. It allows you to have multiple windows and apps running simultaneously on one screen. It looks like Verizon has somewhat crippled this functionality by not allowing other apps to be added to the toolbar in order to leverage this genius design. After playing around with this function more it has fallen well short of expectations. It will only allow 7 apps to multi-task: Native email client, Gallery, Internet, Messaging, S Note, Polaris Office and Video Play. It will not allow other regularly used apps to be added like: Gmail, Google Talk, Chrome, Google Maps, etc to multi-task. Look at all that Google software that isn't being leveraged, why!?!? What blows my mind is the Native email client doesn't have Gmail, so you would think Verizon would allow Gmail to be added but nope. Unbelievable. This multi-task function has fallen short and is being under utilized. Should I remove 2 stars? I don't know.

Got it for my wife and she absolutely loves it!!  The picture quality is as good or sometimes better than my Cannon Rebel EOS XT - especially in low light.  Using the picture feature that allows you to take rapid shots of the same group and then pic the faces in each picture that are the best and combine it into a single picture is incredible!  Never a crappy picture when using this

Love it I can't put it down. I can use it with everything I do. Playing games and using aps is alot easier with the note2.

still getting to know my way around the note II . and the  battery is great.  and the G.P.S. is right on but get the free one. oh the camera on this  is so cool pic there just so many thing on this phone i haven's seen yet

I love the gigantic screen!! I basically replaced my Kindle and even my computer just to use my phone. I've  used my phone to even brief in my job and everyone is amazed at the quality the phone is.

I love my Note II.  The screen is the perfect size, so easy to read.  Lot's of great features on this phone.  My only complaint is all the junk apps that come with it and you can't delete them without voiding the phone warranty.  I almost rated it a 4 star because of this, but the other features kept me from doing that.

Incredible.  Yes the phone is large, but it was only awkward to use the first two or three times.Makes my laptop obsolete.Ideal for work.And perfect for someone who enjoys being OVER organized.Picture quality is fantastic.  Screen is brilliant. Sound is amazing.With all of these great features I thought that the battery life would be awful but I get a full day at work, night at home and it's still there in the morning with an alarm.My iphone friends are jealous of the size  and features

I love the phone. It takes wonderful pictures, and screen is very large.it worked out great for me and my boyfriend.

Best phone I ever owned. I have many Samsung products and they work exceptionally well. and its so easy to use.

Awesome phone!  Was hesitant to buy due to its size and I have small hands,  but now I can't see using a smaller device.  Screen is crisp and bright,  never lags.  It's a joy to use in every way!

Coming from a Droid Razr Maxx this phone is just amazing. I cannot recommend this enough to anyone who is thinking about getting it. Also the whole process of adding a line to my Verizon account coupled with the price Amazon offers ($99) versus at the Verizon store ($300) just made the the deal so much better. I will never but a cell phone again from a store!

I love my phone. It's absolutely the phone I was looking forPros1) Lightning fast2) Clear, Bright Large Screen3) Battery life is unbelievable. I only have to charge it when I sleep. All day of use and battery still reads 40 to 55 percent charged.4) External speaker loud and clear.5) S pen great for quick screen capture, writing a quick message on the picture and sendit  out as a text.6) Verizon 4G super fast internet.7) GPS, WI-FI, and Bluetooth never a problem.8) I would buy this phone again. Did I say I love it?9) Fantastic notification bar on top of screen has bright lights.10) I only remember how big the phone is when I see a normal phone. They don't now what they are missing.Cons1) Plastic case scratches easily. Throw a light case on it and move on.2) Some of Samsung software I did not like (alarm clock, calendar, internet, my files). Quick login to Google Play fixed that problem. Replaced with Circle Alarm, Business Calendar, Google Crome Beta and X-plore.If you want a great phone, if you're a power user get this Phone. It works great.

Love this phone!  Came brand new just as advertised.  Glad I went with white.  Screen scratches easy so make sure to get a protector.  Other then that I could not be happier

Love the size of the screen.  No more squinting to read email and it's even good to read books on.  Love being able to write notes to myself. I would definitely recommend a tactile cover/case for the phone as it feels too slick and easy to drop.

This is a terrific phone.  I love the size, and the S pen.  The pen makes texting/typing easier for older and or larger fingers and thumbs.  It's nice to jot down a note or list without stopping to use a keyboard.  The voice recognition on this phone as well as the SamSung Galaxy 3 is probably the best around.  I love the speed and photos, videos and other graphics look superb on the 720 screen.  The large size is good for me, but for some the size may be a draw back.  Now let's see how it holds up.

I love this phone! I am amazed at everything it does. I still have yet to use the phone to its full capabilities. I recommend this device to anyone looking to buy a new phone. Holds a charge for about a day with use. Easy to navigate. Has great clarity while on a call.

This is a great phone, that live up to its hype. I have literally nothing bad to say about this purchase.

Phone is great, Just can't give 5 stars cause there is always room for improvement. Smooth, bright, great reception, excellent features.

This phone is pretty amazing.  I have had it for about a month now, as I wanted to give it some time before I did a review.  I am comparing this to the Iphone 4 and a Droid Razr Maxx which I had previously.  It is has a huge and gorgeous display, it is super fast, it takes beautiful pictures, and the battery life is fantastic.  You really don't realize how big the display is on this phone until you look at an Iphone or the Droid Razr Maxx next to it.  The difference in size between them is rather dramatic.  The battery life is much better than the Iphone and is comparable to the Droid Razr Maxx.  The speed is faster than the Iphone and a bit faster than the Droid Razr Maxx.  The camera is comparable to the Iphone but better than the Droid Razr Maxx.  The only negative that I can speak of with this phone is the fact that it really can't be used with one hand, but the tradeoff for a massive screen is well worth it.  I honestly believe this phone to be the best choice on the market as of today.  As far as accessories for this device, I highly recommend the Zenus line of leather cases, the Iottie car mount, and the RND charger dock, along with spare Anker batteries.Positives:  Massive and Beautiful ScreenVery FastExcellent Battery LifeBeautiful CameraNegative:  Can't Be Used With One Hand

This is the first time I have ever owned a phone, and I cannot ask for more. I have been trying to unify my devices ever since the Motorola KRZR, and the Krzr and not the Rzr because the Krzr had mp3 capability (or advertized it better than the razr. Since then, I still compensated having separate mp3 players, movie players, gps, etc. Ever since my first droid 1, consolidating devices became better, but still not perfect.Before the note 2 i was down to two devices... a droid bionic and a nexus 7. I was also contemplating an ultrabook for a 3rd device.Now, all i ever think of carrying is the note 2. It plays everything i throw at it beautifully. The screen is big enough to read E-books on. Finally, one of the best things, is the battery life is amazing. See, I still carried my nexus 7 not only for the screen, but also because I did not want to drain my cell phone battery for non-essential tasks (watching movies, listening to music, web browsing), which defeats the purpose of a smart phone. So in reality, my smartphone was just a side device, and never the primary.I am the definition of a power user, and I suggest this phone to those that are the same. For people new to the smartphone world, or use it for basic tasks, I still suggest the iphone. Me although, I write work emails, while listening to music, while chatting on gchat... and when I travel, I watch netflix or any of the movies I have saved on my micro sd card. I use every feature of this phone, and nothing has dissapointed me. Everything opens instantly, and task switching is a breeze. Even remote accessing my computer is easy, due to the big screen.What may scare people away, which did intimidate me at first was the size... I even almost regretted buying it. But within a week, it seemed normal to me, that I don't even realize it is a big phone until someone points it out. I don't think I can ever go smaller. I'm not the biggest person (5'10" and 165lbs) but its fine... and its not even a struggle in my skinny jeans.I've owned almost every android phone, the best android tablets, and now I don't even look to buying anything else.Some suggested accessories are:Anker Bluetooth keyboard, for those that plan to type a lot: http://www.amazon.com/Anker%C2%AE-Bluetooth-Wireless-Keyboard-Tablets/dp/B005ONMDYE/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid;=1366313626&sr;=8-1&keywords;=Anker+bluetooth+keyboardRND dock, for charging your phone, charging a spare battery, and good viewing angle while using the previous keyboard: http://www.amazon.com/RND-Battery-Charger-compatible-slim-fit/dp/B009UIVBBA/ref=sr_1_2?s=electronics&ie;=UTF8&qid;=1366313666&sr;=1-2&keywords;=note+2+dockJaybird Bluebird X headphones: possibly the best bluetooth headphones I've owned. There's not a minute that my phone isn't paired with these (well except when charging).

Great looking! Very good phone, works well without a hitch or a problem. I wish the seller had sent headsets though.. sorely missed. Also doesn't stay charged too long and once it is off it is a bit of problem to get it on again.Otherwise a good buy.. recommended if you don't need headsets and have a portable charger for long trips and one in your car!

I use smartphones a lot during the day for work. I thought this phone would be a boost to productivity, but I found that it was rather a mixed bag. This phone has great potential, but in my opinion the software is not great and the hardware lacks quality. Here are my personal pros/cons:Pros:- The screen: the screen is big, bright, sharp, and accurate.- Fast: No lag. Programs open quickly. Browsing is fast.- Battery life: I found the battery life to be very acceptable.Cons:- Size: When I demoed this device in a store, I didn't think I would mind the size, but I did find it to be too bulky. I wear dress pants most of the time and I hated having this phone in my pocket. Although the phone has features for one-handed operation, I found it to be very clumsy and difficult.- Hardware quality: The WiFi on my device inexplicably failed within 2 months of purchase. I woke up one morning and noticed it was not on my WiFi. The WiFi was on and showed all the networks available, but would have an &#34;authentication error when trying to connect.&#34; I thought it was my router at home, but after it failed to connect to any WiFi anywhere again, I realized it was the phone.- Screen fragility: I was reclining on a patio one evening when the phone slipped from my pocket, I picked it up to realize the screen was shattered, although still functional. I realize this was my fault, but I also compare it to my previous phone (DROID Bionic) which I dropped hundreds of times and it never broke or scratched. My neighbor had this phone, same thing happened.- Screen rotation: Slow and laggy.- Smart features were useless: For example, the Smart Stay feature that keeps the screen on when you are looking at it also killed my battery. I realized that if I set the phone down anywhere there was recessed lighting, the phone would be tricked and the screen would stay on for hours. I disabled the feature.- Stylus/Pen: It was useful for times when you are browsing and don't want to muck up the screen, but for &#34;handwriting&#34; I found it to be totally pointless/useless.Conclusion:I wanted to love this phone, but it ended up being totally unreliable for me. This would be a great phone for someone who does a lot of browsing on the phone and doesn't need it to be particularly &#34;mobile.&#34;

This product sells itself..there is so much to do with this phone..have had it 6 months & still learning all the features..the S pen is the best part..so nice & tucked inside of phone but packed with so many features when you pull it out of phone .. learning videos installed to quickly learn how to work your phone. .I especially love the picture & video how you can set it up various ways & multi task windows .use my phone music playlist for our office music instead of the office radio. .the list is ENDLESS..its my mini computer on the go! What did we ever do before the smart phone? It is not to big but big enough

I've had the phone now for a few days, and I must sound like a commercial to everyone. this phone does every thing it says it can and does it well ! I'm writing this using the S pen and it works flawlessly and other than not liking how I write my I's , it interprets beautifully . I love the split Screen feature especially now Verizon has added many more apps . l no longer have to squint ! this phone does everything l could possibly ever need . size ? To be fair , I wasn't worried at all , I Knew I'd love the larger screen. Smart stay works really well at setting it for 15 second time out . l walked away with my phone leaving the stylus behind, and after a few it steps warned me ! Cool!I can't Comment on battery life yet , but definitely no fast drains like my bionic . I had no interest in an iphone and this , IMHO , Blows it away in every way. first phone l'm going to love throughout my 2 year Contract . love how Samsung seems committed on Keeping it current with updates . Not a single regret , You will love this ! Good luck !
