
These Canadian and Ugandan Lumia 920's cannot be serviced by Nokia USA. If you have a Rodgers variant and call Rodgers, Canada, they refuse to help you cause the phone was purchased in the US.

It took a bit long from the expected to arrive but its perfect and I'm very satisfied and I really advise this phone for everybody

Works Ok but IS NOT FACTORY UNLOCKED is an AT&T phone unlocked por being using with other carriers, they should describe like that, thats something important becuase doesnt 100% with other carriers.

NICE

Edit: this review was meant forNokia Lumia 920 Unlocked GSM Phone - BlackBefore I get to this lovely phone I'll like to help clear some stuff up for future purchasers;-First of all, this item has multiple sellers.-Secondly, not all sellers are offering the factory unlocked Lumia 920 (some are carrier branded unlocked phones).To cut a long story short, contact the seller you're interested in and find out more about what they're offering (look at Pelico's customer review here for a bit more insight, it's very helpful).Now back to my review;The Seller,I bought mine from 'On the Go Solutions' and I'll heavily recommend them to other customers. They deliver on time, respond to questions, and the phone I received was brand new and in good condition (atleast for this brief time I've used it). And yes, it's RM-821 International factory unlocked!!!The Phone,It's phonetastic, camtastic, fastastic (a speedy little monster this one), strongta.... well you get were I'm going with this. The phone is Amazing, my sisters played with it briefly and now won't let me use it; one was asking how come she has never heard of the Lumia or windows phone before, seeing how great and fluid this phone is. Infact this fluidity is what has quite captivated them, that and the gorgeous user interface & hardware design.This phone was announced on the 5th of September last year (my birthday) and today fate has finally caught up with it because it was always meant to be mine.SUMMARY: A truly wonderful phone.

Everthing was ok, but dont have the instruction. Regards

is very nice, i like it very much, work good, i like wp, is good i bought it., and the suplier is very good.

The phone was not brand new and screen has many scratch  on it. so disappoint  i will never come back again.

I am very happy with the product so far. Only thing I had a problem with was the bing search key that gets pushed on by mistake while typing. I am trying to get around it. Otherwise it is working well for me.

Today I got the product, it is like new one but I saw someone's photos in the phone and screen is not fine at the bottom there is gap between screen and phone, flash LED is not working, accessories missing(no earphones in the box). Box labeled as Unlocked but I am yet to check as I don't have proper SIM card. I am sure its repaired or refurbished phone but box labeled as NEW. I want to return it but I don't have time as I am leaving to other country next day.

excelente tel&eacute;fono funciona para todas las operadoras en Venezuela Movilnet Movistar en todas sus bandas en 2g y 3G, y Digitel FUNCIONA EN 2G, 3G Y 4G LTE PERFECTAMENTE. tambi&eacute;n logre probarla en Colombia con las operadoras Tigo y Comcel, funciona en 2G, 3G y 4G si fuese el caso.

Best phone ever. Easy to use. Good feel, voice quality, camera, phone functions, exchange ActiveSync, Nokia maps. Most recommended and better than android devices.

Happy with the outlook but not happy with functionality. The phone seems to loose network connection all the time. I can't reach people and they can't reach me either yet the phone is on

This phone have a great camera, and it can take picture in midnight without use light, it also have a fast speed then android device. I can get almost every apps I need from app store, the HERE map also nice....

Nokia needs to add some assembly required. The SIM card slot comes with the package, not installed in the phone. It is not a big deal and it is simple to install, even if you think you cannot install it you can, even if you refuse to install it your service provider will install it. The card slot takes 5 - 10 seconds to install; however the problem is this:When you purchase this type of phone it is never purchased by itself. There are screen protectors and cases that go with it. In general people do not read instruction manuals for phones, unless of course there is a message of some assembly required.Other than the card slot, this is an incredible phone. The apps are growing every day, between Nokia, Microsoft, and AT&T; (my service provider) I have 3 industry leading companies providing me service. Here is the bottom line even with is type of OS in it's infancy google will never beat Microsoft, Nokia has been an industry standard since inception and as for Bell laboratories they have an incredible track record for engineering and innovation. When you buy technology you go with leaders not imitators.

The best Nokia product.... Processor is fast, antenna is great and the camera too is super... Worth for the money...

It's a AT&T;  phone. I had it shipped to me in South Korea. It is not unlocked.Cannot detect a network.The box was opened too.Very disappointed in Amazon allowing this.I feel cheated.......Why do you allow this Amazon?

It's a great cellphone and easy to use and very friendly, The only bad about lumia 920 is the battery. they wasted quickly

I got 2 of these. Returned both.First time I got this product I was sure it was a mistake since it came in an already OPEN AT&T; box. This is despite the fact that the description clearly says &#34;NOT AT&T; Unlocked phone!&#34;So I returned it and ordered it again. Got another used AT&T; box.DON'T BUY.

Bought my Nokia Lumia 920 on Oct 15 2013. It was working fine for the first 2 months. Occasionally there would be signal coverage problems but I thought it was something to do with the Network provider. But then after 2 months, I started experiencing major problems with the phone. The display would flicker & the display got all grainy. Network signal coverage started getting hit badly. There was no physical damage to the phone, meaning the phone was NOT dropped in ground or water or any liquid for that matter. One fine day, it was totally gone. It wouldn't simply start.On taking it to a Nokia customer care center, It was informed that this was a manufacturer defect and it was something to do with its hardware & software. Poooofff... I thought there goes my $350 :(But fortunately I contacted Amazon after 3 months of purchase and explained them the problems. They were kind enough to listen to my problems and accepted a return after the warranty & gave me a refund.Here is my Verdict:For Nokia Lumia 920:Pros:1. Photo quality is good.2. Speaker volume is good.3. Sturdy buildCons:1. Very Unstable Hardware & Software with Windows OS.2. Lot of problems/bug with the phone.3. Quite HeavyP.S: Amazon Customer service was 10/10 as usual & they saved me $350.Thank you!

I'm going to start by saying that I've tried to get a hold of this phone for months but haven't had the chance until now. I got mine from Mobicity. The phone came in dutch, but I was quickly able to switch it to english by using the google translator and selecting the right options. I configured the phone--amazingly, the Windows 8 tablet I have doesn't support POP accounts, but the phone does--had to migrate my contacts to the hotmail account to get them on the phone.I used to be a blackberry user, and it was a little painfull to switch and migrate the data. Windows Phone 8 consolidates all accounts and contacts in the people tile and it takes some time to get used to this. I use whatsapp for chatting and there are some options in blackberry that are not found in the Windows Phone version, such as adding a number to an existing contact. One thing that I trying to do with it is change the tile's color, not all of them but individually. For example, I have 4 email accounts and I would like to differentiate one from the others, but tiles can all change from color not individually.Another thing is that the volume buttons control all volumes at the same time, including ring, speaker, notifications, alarms, etc.Still, this phone rocks. When I take it to meetings, people stare a it. It takes the best pictures with low light I've ever seen. The grip is a little slippery. It has gotten away from my hands on 2 ocassions already and I'm actively looking for a cover.Office experience is great, gravity sensor is a little slow as it needs the phone to be at a given angle before it will tilt the screen.

I love this phone.It is very handy and  has a lot of features.Makes this the one phone to have!

stopped working after 3 days had to send it back. could not even get it to turn on. I was so mad.

This phone is amazing I LOVE IT, It looks brand new I cant see anything wrong with it. I love the bright red color!!

I purchased the product from HeavyDuty Electronics and been using this for the past 4 months. After the first month the performance started deteriorating in all fronts. The worst being overheating which causes severe battery drain. A full charge does not even last for 6 hours (without data usage or calls). I checked the same model's performance with my friends and found it to be satisfactory. This makes doubt that the phone is not genuine Nokia product.

I'm enjoying this device. Still trying to get used it's style, but still a great phone. Camera is great. Windows App for Windows can be annoying.

Lumia920 is ur pc in your hand. Good apps are available and works perfectly. Unlike the Nokia E6 that I bought in about 4months ago, network doesn't stay up to 3mints before it will fail and the phone reboot intermittently, searching for network. The 920 is stable. The battery life is excellent in comparison to the multiple apps that runs in the background. So far, it's the best mobile phone I have owned.

this phone comes in a new box with all the accessories. I had wanted to return it for the lumia 900, but after the 900 arrived i realize i made the wright purchase. It's also Factory unlocked though it seems it was made for T-Mobile and it had a German operating manual and default settings but can easily be changed into english.

Works on T-Mobile, but have to manually change from LTE to 3G.  the bands are not right or something. Never got this to work on StraightTalk. So be warned, its unlocked but may not be worth the hassle.  Get the 925 for use on T-Mobile, I wish I did.

Have issues with making calls. while making calls it keeps showing No service message. Most of the time people can't reach me.While taking video the mobile gets heated badly. Charge doesnt stay long too.

the screen fails from time to time, any of the support recomendations Works. The place where I bought it did not give me  a solution and I got it just 04 months ago, the problema is worst becauseI live in Chile, I am waiting for a solution from NOKIA.

The Phone arrived with a little scratch on the screen.About the &iacute;tem I can say is a Great cell Phone. It feels a little heavyBut it is rock Solid. Works fast and has a outstanding screen resolution.

So I open it and slip in my SIM. Does not work. Call Verizon and they sent a new sim the next day. Still does not work. So it is clearly not unlocked as I used the sim with another Lumina (Verizon) that did work.

It's fast, the battery life it's good for me (almost 2 days or more) and i love the camera.The whatsapp have some problems but it's not a phone trouble for sure

I was a lil skeptical if i do say myself about turning to windows phone.Firstly i was a die hard apple fan in terms of choosing my mobile i had the 3gs and 4g.I watched youtube reviews online about this phone and was very impress with its build quality and look.It feels solid in the hand, the operating system works flawlessly simplistic like apple and the camera is amazing.The only con was:1- the availability of apps i am not an app junkie but persons coming from apple and android that need the availability of every single app. I dont recommend you purchase this phone. On the other hand im a mobile user that only needs games which this has and communication apps like test plus, whatsapp, facebook etc which this has. It also has some other apps and the microsoft market seems to grow every two weeks since i had this phone.2- The availability of updates since i purchased this phone it has only been updated once. its almost been two months now contrast that to apple or android. On the other hand apps are always updated just about every other week but the OS is not.

I really regret this purchase. I choose this one because the combination of LTE and good camera. Then i did all the research on LTE. This is supposed to be the Global (International) version RM-821. The LTE-frequency of the phone and my carrier matched. After a lot of homework i purchased this product.In the Netherlands (Europe) i can't reveive LTE. After contacting Nokia for hours, all they said was you shouldn't buy the phone in USA. There was no explanation why I can't reveive LTE. It doesn't make any sense and I can't find out what the problem is. There no help form Nokia at all and they practically say; it's your fault and this is what you get for buying a phone in a different country.The Nokia service really blew my mind away. It is terrible and i recommend everybody to stay away from Nokia. If i know this before, i would go for a different phone.

I chose 4 stars because it works very good. What I like is that it is mostly easy to use. I still have not figured how to save numbers to contacts from a text. It has a nice size screen and I like it that you can speak into it and it will text for you.

Awesome phone,  awesome build quality.  Great Windows phone system. Camera is terrific. Lots of cool apps and live tiles rock.

The 5 stars rating is as much for the seller (Mega Mobile) as it is for the phone. The phone is a true RM-821 (international unlocked). It looks like it came from HK. Everything is in Chinese (even the documentation). Took me only a couple of minutes to remove the Chinese setting, and replace it with English, and another language. It seems that the phone supports just about any language, and it's really easy to change language setting. (for some language, it requires a download, but with wi-fi it's not an issue).What can I say, the phone is incredible, very responsive, has Nokia Drive, Office, a great camera,... ( the list is too long to write here).The phone is great. but trying to buy the phone was a very frustrating experience. Amazon has a page with one phone specification, and several sellers. Unfortunately some sellers try to sell you an AT&T; unlocked for an international version. I found that it's very important for reviewers to start the review with the seller, what was ordered, and what was received. This will tremendously help people who want to buy the international version.I had contact with 4 sellers:1. Hollywood Merchandise (fulfill by Amazon); sold me an AT&T; unlocked RM-820(it was advertised as international, factory unlocked). Returned the phone. Thank to Amazon, the process was painless got my money back right away.2. Mega Mobile; sold me this phone, and it is as advertised (international, factory unlocked, RM-821)In between I was in contact with:1. Tablets Distributors; As per their e-mail to me they sell AT&T; unlocked phones.2. Global Mobiles; As per their e-mail to me they sell international unlocked phones (RM-821) that come from Europe.Their answer came after I ordered from Mega Mobiles.I hope this helps, the potential buyers who like me want a Nokia Lumia 920 international factory unlocked, but are at a loss as to what seller to buy it from.Update 6/13/13: The phone seems to have the latest updates; OS 8.0.10211.204, firmware: 1232.5957.1308.0004.One thing I forgot to mention about the seller, is that since the plug that was inside the Nokia box was incompatible with the U.S plug outlets. he added a U.S. adapter plug inside the box he sent me (nice touch).Update 11/21/13: Several week ago I installed the Amber update. Made a Great phone even better. Can't wait for the next 2 updates which will be available in the next few months.I liked the phone so much that I bought a second one for a family member. This time I bought the phone from 'The wireless circle'. The phone was as advertised (international version RM-821), and came several days ahead of schedule. This time the phone was from Czechoslovakia. Not a problem as it took only a couple of seconds to change to English (I had already downloaded the English manual for the phone), and actually better for me as it came with an European plug (it also have an US adapter in the box).Update 1/16/14: I would like to clarify few things for potential buyers:1. There are no factory unlocked Lumia phones built for the U.S market.2. Due to the above, buying a factory unlocked Lumia phone in the U.S. is buying from a grey market.3. There is no warranty on those phones, and they are not sealed.4. These phones come from all over the world, and will be in the language of the intended market. Plus it will have some built-in apps (put there by Nokia) that target the local market the phone was intended for. That doesn't mean that the phone was used.5. Setting the phone to your desired language, downloading the user's guide in your desired language and removing the local apps is a matter of minutes.6. The plug will be a plug for the intended market, but there will always be a U.S. adapter in the box.  That might one the reason why the box is not sealed.I have bought 4 Lumias (2x 720 and 2x 920) from Amazon (received 6, returned 2 - one was defective, this other was AT&T; unlocked). They came from all over; Hong-Kong, Germany, Taiwan, and Czechoslovakia. I am very happy with my purchases, and will do it again.At $320 the Lumia 920 has great specs and is a great deal.  If you want to buy a Lumia phone, my advice is:1. Buy the phone fulfilled by Amazon. It might be a little more expensive, but if there is any problem Amazon is much easier to deal with (I received my refunded Money before they received the phone), than if you buy it fulfill by any other seller.2. Even if you buy the phone fulfilled by Amazon, contact the seller to make sure that the phone he sells is what is advertised on the web page.

Phone was all in Italian and language didn't change even after language was changed, etc.  Then, the phone just turned off, didn't turn back on.  I kept it in mint condition, rarely ever  took it with me on excursions to protect it.  Kept it in a case with a screen shield.Seller said they would not assist me.  If you want to pay $400 for a disposable phone, this may work for you!!  Beware, look elsewhere if you can, don't let this happen to you in a few months.  This seller will send you a gray market phone meant for another country /market, they no doubt got on the black market, and will not stand behind it after their 30 day contractual obligation.  If you have any questions you can contact me directly.

This phone lives up to the Nokia reputation of durable cellphones. I already have dropped it from about 4 feet to the tile floor, and not a scratch on it! It took some getting used to, since this is my first Windows phone, but it's fairly easy to use. Here's a list of pros and cons that I've noticed after using this phone for a few months.PROS:Very sturdy phone, this won't be breaking any time soon.Simple interface that is easier to use than Android.Incredibly good camera, much better than iPhone or any other camera found on an ordinary smart phone (besides the 1020 that is!)Large screen with dense display, perfect for everything.Dolby Audio quality is great! Highs, mids, and bass can be controlled.The GPS is very accurate and easy to use.Pretty fair battery life that gets me through the day.The &#34;glance&#34; feature is convenient.It has internet sharing! This is a great feature that you don't find in many phones.CONS:The app market is very sad. Most of the apps that I used everyday are non existent on Windows store.Honestly, I really really love this phone except for one huge disappointment that I had to deduct a star. A phone with such exceptional audio quality deserves a dedicated music app, but it's missing. There is only the x-box music and video app that is so frustrating to manage. For people who use music all day every day, the music interface could be a big problem for you.Over all, this phone can do a lot of stuff that other phones can't. It's convenient and easy to use. I probably won't be upgrading for a while, I'll just stick with this phone until it wears out. Hope this helps!

When I received  this phone, I was very happy with it. So when I went to the AT&T store to activate it, the man helping me said this phone was reported STOLEN, yes I was very shocked because I had bought this phone off Amazon. I have demanded a replacement or a refund for the phone.

I am happy with this phone. It is perfect, the camera take nice pics and windows phone 8 is very good.

very bad experience. Clearly it's not a brand new phone..It seems to be a refurbished one..Don't buy it!!! And don't buy anything from this seller

The device performs well apart from the fact that its battery runs out pretty quickly. Also the seller has not provided any warranty. The seller said it was not branded but it does have AT&T logo and stuff in it. You may as well just buy it from the microsoft store( for the same price) coz in that way you will get the same product but with warranty.

I had to rate the phone itself five stars because of the fluidity and functionality, as for the Windows 8 OS, it has came a long ways since 7.5/7.8, but I always hope to see the app gap lessen. This is a great phone if you are price conscientious like I am!

For starts the phone is solid, and colored all the way through so scratches won't be noticeable at all.It can do 4g and wireless charging and all that stuff.Windows 8 on a phone is really nice. It is very simple to use and highly functional. Also the black and white theme is really my style which is good because the phone has very limited theme options so keep that in mind.Win8 does have some downsides though: The browser and bing search freaking suck. Even if you change your default search to something else the search button still pulls up bing. Seriously stop shoving that down our throats. Luckily there is an app called &#34;UC Broswer&#34; and that will greatly improve your internet browsing experience.Other failures include the app market which has very little content right now. I can't even do my banking online with this phone... although perhaps that is my bank's fault for not making the app but plenty of apps are missing from this market. I also didn't see any theme apps or apps to change the tile page itself although there were plenty of tile changing apps.That is the last thing that bugged me was the tile page didn't fit the theme at all and the theme options wouldn't let me change it and no apps existed that would change it. Honestly I would prefer a list version of the tile page instead of blocks. I was able to at least get it in black and white to match the theme though by going into the phone options and turning &#34;high contrast&#34; on.This phone is a comfortable weight and size for me and fits well in the hand. Other than my few gripes with the operating system which I managed to work around mostly it is very nice. The hardware is good and the battery life is alright. If you are concerned about battery life it does have power saver mode and you can easily turn off all the power hogs like wifi when the lockscreen is up, location serives, ect. There are a few battery saver apps but honestly the app market is stinky and they probably drain more than the save to manage stuff 24/7.The price on this phone is wonderful for something purchased out of contract too. It is on par with phones that cost several hundred dollars more if you buy them out of contract.I give this phone an 8.5/10

In short, there are so many problems with the Windows Phone experience compared to iOS or Android devices there is literally no reason to choose it over the other options. No reason.Pros:* Screen is nice and bright* Camera is nice, but comparable to a nice Android or iOS device camera - so not really a pro.Cons:* Almost no comparable apps for iOS or Android apps. Sometimes there are 3rd party knock offs which are legitimate copies, but mostly they are outlets for spam advertising.*If an app exists, it is typically buggy, or unresponsive in weird ways.* Apps will often be described as doing one thing, and upon opening it you find out it is actually just a spam app that shows ads and gambling images without any actual original content.The native apps by Nokia work fairly well occasionally. Often though they too become suddenly unresponsive, and I have tried other people's devices, the same thing happens. Additionally there will be updates required for the phone that you must download. However sometimes what is in these updates doesn't actually apply any new features to your phone, yet requires you to download and use your storage space for the update. Example: There was an update for a Nokia app that is used by the Nokia Windows tablet and 1020+ versions of the Lumia devices. However it is not usable by this device. Still I was forced to download the app and install the update, despite it having no use on my phone.Dumb.I will never buy another Windows Phone device again, and I would suggest you don't as well unless you hate Apps and love phones that are mediocre at their price point compared to the competition.

Clearly not a "new factory unlocked phone" as the description would claim.  It is an AT&T phone, the box was previously opened, the screen protector was clearly placed back on the phone, and it had apps already installed on it (unless ESPN and The Weather Channel apps are default apps, which I doubt).  Bottom line, I will keep it for now, because I need a phone, but if I am getting a used or refurbed phone, I should not be paying the "new" phone price.  I feel like I am being scammed and it makes me seriously reconsider using Amazon for such purchases.

This phone meet and exceed my expectations,I love it and will be purchasing another very soon.A class ratingCheers

This phone is absolutely amazing. It is exactly what I wanted in a Windows Phone. I have used both the Samsung Focus and the Focus S which run the Windows Phone 7.5 OS and they were decent smartphones, when I started using this phone I realized what a smartphone really should be. The Nokia Apps are a serious reason to buy this phone, the Here+ Drive app is the absolute best Map app that I have used ad the ability to download maps to the phone instead of loading them from the web is a stellar feature not to mention that the way directions are presented to you is either on par with or above the quality found in IOS. I am actively promoting this phone to all of my friends and I would suggest buying this phone.

Three star ratings to seller GSM Nation. For sending the new unlocked (not AT&T unlocked) phone as described but its still has a Polish carrier logo on start which means it still has the polish carrier software / settings with it.  The phone had its basic setup in Polish lang but changed it to English without any issues.

Its a really nice phone.. Everything is expected of it.. The Nokia Lumia 920 does wonders.. My only problem is the size

I bought this phone after switching over from Blackberry, and had several problems with it from the start. First, the phone is very large, and somewhat awkward to hold compared to phones like Blackberry or Apple. I found it really uncomfortable to hold for the first few weeks I had it. It is heavy and large. I don't think the user interface is really intuitive. I'm not a tech dinosaur- I'm in my 20s and am frequently trying out new forms of technology, in part because of my job and in part because of general interest. There were various aspects of the phone, such as some issues with the &#34;start&#34; menu and messaging services, that I thought could have been laid out a little better. Additionally, I hated the contacts feature. Let's say that you have a few restaurants you frequently call for carry-out with your coworkers. Or you want to have phone numbers readily handy for your dentist and doctor. You can't just add those to your contacts with this phone- you have to create a contact with your email, which in my case was Gmail. So now I have all these extra contacts in my Gmail, including numbers for sandwich shops and my internist. What is the point?I started having battery issues with the Nokia Lumia 920 after a few weeks of use. In the seven months I had the phone, it would frequently go through phases where the battery would drain by up to 50% after being on for about an hour and a half- even if the only thing I had done with the phone was send a single short text message. I spoke with Nokia, with my cell phone provider, and joined message boards for product support, and these &#34;solutions&#34; occasionally worked for very short periods of time, but inevitably, my phone would go back to draining battery power at an alarming rate. For most of the time I had my phone, I had deleted almost all the apps, rarely updated the apps I did have (because updates automatically change your settings and would allow the app to run even without your permission), changed my settings so no background apps were allowed to run, turned off the data plan, turned off wifi, turned off EVERYTHING- and I still had problems! What is the point in investing in a smart phone if you're not able to use any of those smart phone functions? And may I add that even if all I did for twelve hours was receive a three minute phone call and send a handful of texts, by the early evening, I'd still be down to about 50% power- at least.Finally, at 7 months after purchase, my phone completely died. I took it off the charger one morning, and it wouldn't come on at all. I did soft and hard resets, changed power outlets, etc. I had to go to work 45 minutes early to use the phone there to call my provider, and was told that there was nothing that could be done. My customer service rep said that I was not the only person this had happened to, but unfortunately could not offer any solutions.The phone is bulky, not particularly user-friendly, and has many, many technical flaws. It's unpredictable and unreliable, and I would never, ever recommend this phone to anyone.

This phone feels good in my hand, is beautiful to look at, has great call clarity, has a decent battery life, and does whatever I want it to do quickly and elegantly. The camera is also quite good, though not as good as I hoped. It outperforms my Lumix pocket camera, but photos aren't as beautiful as my old olympus pocket camera. However, overall, it does everything well and I'm completely satisfied.Switching from Android to Windows Phone was seamless and refreshing. I have no desire to ever return to using an Android phone.The only problem is that the audio output when using headphones is iffy ... sometimes I only get audio in one ear. Since I barely listen to music, this isn't a big deal for me, but I imagine for others it would be a deal breaker. I imagine if you bought it at a reputable reseller, you could return it due to the audio jack problem, but for me, it isn't worth it.

Well I got the phone in one piece and it works. HOWEVER I ordered a international unlocked phone, at least that's what I thought i was clicking purchase from. The phone was sold by BREED. What came was a AT & T branded unlocked phone. While the phone is truly unlocked, since I live in Jamaica I don't use AT&T and find the AT&T logo on phone and the logo on screen that pops up on restart annoying and a painful reminder that I didn't get what I feel I paid for. However phone works otherwise, up to the point of theis post.

Perfect phone but comes with no nfc charger in the pkg. you dont see the justification for the weight without a charger

the product say &#34;Nokia Lumia 920 Black Factory Unlocked&#34;, but comes with software in ITALIAN!!!!!... I am right now in Venezuela, am living here, and the phone don't have the spanish language... i hope than update the software of the lumia, add more language, included spanish... i buy some nokia in teh past, E71 and E6-00 wich says FACTORY UNLOCKED, and the soft is clean, in english originally, but i can change to spanish easily... i espected more of this phone, but the saler sad me...

but  a few month later my phon is randomly restarting/shutdow i tried all fixes on internet and stil doing it, i got it from Winda USA, i just crashed it on the floor, now it really doesn't work ...

I was expecting that company with the name in mobile business will treat its flagship product with proper attention. Especially when the sales are poor and company loses money every month.I was wrong.Not only the OS is half-baked, no useful programs, no maps of my region, no even descent music player. In addition, the phone reboots itself for no reason, 2-3 times a day, no matter what I do.That is super-annoying.Having said that, I admit that I like the overall idea of WP8, but honestly, implementation is horrible.To whom I would recommend this? I dont know, maybe to my family's enemy or to some crazy microsoft lover/Nokia geek, so he/she could spend days and nights setting up and rebooting this useless piece of hardware...I dont know. Seriously, with all this hype around Windows Phone platform, and how it is so much better then other competitors - why is the flagship hardware, backed by 2 super corporations, is so buggy, unreliable, useless? How come?

I have absolutely no  issues with the phone. It works fine and I love it.The delivery was on time. My only complaint is that the box was unsealed but everthing was new in it.

This is not a new phone&#65292;is a renew phone&#65292;I checked the IMEI in NOKIA official web&#65292;but I find it out of Warranty.what's worse&#65292;The software in a now phone has update in different date&#65292; so I think it must be a renew phone

I have never had any problems with Amazon.com... but this transaction was not really helpful.The product claims it is factory unlocked and RM 821... however, it seems that the product is actually unlocked version of AT&T; phone and is RM 820.While the phone works fine, it is a lot of nuisance to have all these AT&T; logos all over the phone when you are really not its user.Wish I had known this before as I would have not ordered the phone then.

The only thing I would kibbitz about is that the screen protector doesn't cover the entire screen. However, it's doing what it is supposed to do-I dropped the phone down a stairway the day after I got it without getting a scratch, dent or bump.

This is a very unique phone, im a lover of android and gave up Nexus 4 because the Kit Kat update was messing with the phones' OS.The Windows 8 phone isn't perfect but with some more update for some added option a la android style with will make it even better which i think is to come sometime this year 2014. I'm still getting the hang of the features but in general im impressed.

The phone is nice, but it is heavy and applications are almost all paid, gasket was not 100% sure, but arrived well.

I ask the seller do you have a RM821 and not RM 820he answered yes he has...what did i got a AT&T; an RM 820Just don't...later up when you get issues with updates and stuff I just don't know what else might happen at the long run...and it has a light scratch on the screen a gorilla glass screenawesome isn't it

So it has been about 6 months since I recklessly abandoned my Apple iPhone 3GS (ok, so maybe it wasn't such a reckless abandonment). I feel that now I can offer you a sound review steeped in experience. But let's keep this simple, shall we?PROSLOVE the huge, clear, colorful screen! I like to play games, and not just the Angry Birds variety, and this is the screen for that!Camera is nothing short of awesome. I can zoom in and out, have flash (which is also a neat flashlight if you download the app), and video capability.Apps are generous and there are a significant number of free apps and I have yet to be bored using new apps but, (see CONS)Windows platform feels &#34;familiar&#34; and honestly it did not feel like a huge departure from the iPhone if you are wary of a switch.CONSAs the screen is huge, so is the device itself. It is &#34;chunky&#34; and feels like a dish-plate is against your face when using it as a phone. My resolution was either to use speakerphone which is loud and clear, or use the ear-buds and microphone I got the last time I dropped my old phone (I was pleasantly surprised that it worked so well with the Nokia). Perhaps a plus here is that it is a solid phone as evidenced by multiple drops with no visual or functional issues, and that in itself is a &#34;pro&#34;.Though the camera itself takes great photos etc., a flaw to me is that it is challenging to navigate to the camera. Yes, you can click the camera button on the side and go immediately to the take a picture mode, but when you take the shot and want to review it is several steps to do so. Same thing if trying to snap a photo from, say, the texting box. Seems like it should be easier.I mention here again the Apps Marketplace. There are a lot of novel, fun, articulate apps for the Windows phone, however, the apps that &#34;everyone has&#34;, or even the one that you want for your bank, for example, or EasyShift or whatever, it's not available for this phone. It's a small but annoying thing that and hopefully folks developing apps will begin to identify the Windows platform phones as a focus for development. Though a &#34;small&#34; thing it warrants the 4 versus the 5 star review.So that's about it at this point. I do want to note that this review has not mentioned the buying or selling process here at all as I did not purchase the phone with this seller.Thanks and enjoy!

it perfect to all the people,the best phone,strong! very easy to used and the screen and pixeles are hd. 10point

I tried using a few different Windows Phone 8 devices a few months back (Lumia 620, Lumia 820, Lumia 810) and they were good phones, but they were either buggy or too slow. Choppy audio, duplicate music files, poor music file tagging, unplayable podcast files from the Store, and buggy SD card support plagued all of them.Some of these items remain with the Lumia 920, but this must have an updated version of the OS, because things are improved. Audio no longer stutters and there are no problems with duplicate music files. Music file tagging is still broken, especially album and artist artwork, but I was able to fix most of the artwork via the MPATool app. The Xbox Music connection option does not fix any of this. It's actually sad that Microsoft's built-in music solution is such a huge step back from WP7, and it remains as my biggest complaint about WP8. Microsoft seems to want you to use their online Xbox Music service instead of CD rips.Podcast files from the Store play perfectly. However, you cannot manually add podcast files to your phone and have them show up in your Podcast section. If you manually add podcast files to your phone, they will show up in the Music section, which is strange. Sorting options are not as varied as it was in WP7.This is one of the few WP8 devices that has 32 gigs of storage, which is great for a guy like me who stores his entire music collection on the phone, and I download a lot of Podcasts. It's a shame more phones don't come with this much storage. I picked a phone with this amount of storage to avoid using a micro SD card.I bought an unlocked version so I can use my T-Mobile sim card. As of August 28, 2013, the phone has not received the GDR2 "Amber" update, which is a shame. Nokia's website says it's still in testing, so hopefully this phone will get it soon.Of all of the WP8 devices I have used, this one offers the best experience. The OS has some flaws when it comes to the way it handles media, but you can work around them for the most part. The rest of the OS is exceptional. It's slick, pretty, and has plenty of applications. The live tiles are really cool and give the OS a unique look and feel.The hardware is great. The screen is big and beautiful. The 1280x768 screen is crisp and clear. The phone is rectangular, but with curved edges. It's almost too big to be a pocket phone, but not quite. The 1.5 GHz dual core CPU makes for a very smooth user experience. Compared to my old Samsung Focus, all applications and games are noticeably faster.If this model received quicker OS updates, it would be a serious contender for the top WP8 device. As is, it's still an excellent phone.

Excelent phone! Better then all Iphone crap;)Looks nice, big screen. Intuitive menu. I love it! It is easy to handle.

The internet reviews for this phone looked really good and so as my Blackberry was dying I decided to purchase one. Firstly it did not arrive by the guaranteed shipping date. It arrived 5 days later. I originally had it shipped to a friend's house but because it arrived 5 days late, he had left the country. So we had to convince the FedEx guy to allow the neighbour to sign for it then ship it to a new address, which had an additional cost attached to it. When I finally got the phone and opened it up, the manual was missing from the box - maybe it was a used phone. When I finally loaded my SIM card and made the first call I realized the microphone was not working. Anyone interested in purchasing this phone, search for forums about &#34;microphone not working in Lumia 920&#34; on the internet. Unfortunately I did not pick up on this earlier, the microphone has a noise reduction feature which sometimes cancels out your voice completely so the person on the other end does not hear you at all. Sure it works fine on speaker and videocam because that uses a different microphone. Apparently it is a design flaw in the Lumia 920 and Nokia doesn't seem to be doing anything about it. All those fancy features yet the basic thing a phone is supposed to be able to do is allow you to make and receive calls and the Lumia 920 is incapable of doing that. What a waste of money! Disappointed!

The manufacture quality of this phone is good. However, it has an obvious design flaw, which results in nonfunctional proximity sensor. This seems to be a fairly common problem when I looked up in the web.Also the front camera somehow accumulates dust from inside. Now I can barely use the front camera anymore.However the customer service is good in my opinion. Nokia offers shipping to ship my phone for repair/replacement.Besides these issues the phone is ok. Fast, but has limited apps (well this is MS's problem not the phone's).

it is a good phone, but it is heavy, i am having some problems with whatsapp, sometimes the messages take long to send (checked with other phones and carrier), but for the Price you get a lot of phone for the money

I just want to pure my anger and to let you know how I feel about the phone I bought .I was so angry that I could not express my anger at that point ..I just felt I should let you guys now what I experience when I got the phone ..The Nokia lumia 920 it's not just a failure but it's a mistake .I regrected buying that phone cause I did not use the phone for a week it just went off and could not come on again till date ..am not in United states where I can send it back without spending money.how can you spend such amount of money buying a phone that u will not use not even for a week .am pistoff am not happy .I regrected doing business with Amazon .and will not do business again if Notting is done about my complain .

I've had my share of phones, both the super popular and the underdogs.After being tired of Apple and getting rid of every Apple device I owned, the last one was the phone, because I was really comfortable with iOS, but it was starting to get slow and annoying. After much thought and going through a lot of Android phones, I decided to take the plunge again on the underdog, Windows Phone.I've got to say I cannot be happier with my decision: Windows Phone is everything a mobile device operating system SHOULD BE. iOS is nice, Android is a bit hit and miss, but Windows Phone just NAILS IT. The experience is smooth and very well thought out, and I love the fact that online and offline makes no sense anymore. Wanna see your photos/ The phone will show you, indistinctly, the ones saved in your phone and those of your online accounts, seamlessly. Wanna contact someone? The People hub is just a godsend. Everything is integrated. It's just wonderful. And it runs really fast.Now this phone, even though it's a bit old now, still holds quite a punch against its newer counterparts. I mean, the 925 is an afterthought, not even worth the upgrade, only the 930 coming out soon will be quite superior in many terms.The main reasons I got this phone for were the camera and the maps. Both are incredibly good and I made the right decision. The camera is excellent and with fast operation, and you can tweak pretty much EVERY PARAMETER there is to get that perfect shot. Exposure time, aperture, ISO level, white balance, it's all there at your fingertips if you decide to go manual. On automatic modes, the camera does a pretty good job of guessing the best conditions (Although it can get confused with white balance some times).The maps take the cake. They are comprehensive and work offline just perfectly. Real lifesavers when you go on a trip and don't have data accounts. They have gotten me around in many places and I am totally in love. The driving directions are spot on and the transit directions are excellent too. I thought I'd miss Google Maps, but honestly, no way I do.People usually say against WP that the app support is poor. Admittedly, apps are in lower number here, but most of the popular ones are available, and personally I am not a fan of gaming on my phone so I don't pay attention to that, but there sure are more games on iOS or Android. But things are starting to catch up and I see more and more games coming up and they are just as good as in the other OS versions, so if WP picks up momentum as I expect it too, this won't be a problem anymore.App wise the worse thing that happened here is the Facebook app. Facebook has not done an official app and the one made by Microsoft is OK but no cigar. It has a lot of problems and many features that don't work. It makes for a generally poor FB experience. I usually rather see my updates and upload photos and update status to FB using the Windows Phone system itself, because it's faster and more intuitive! Another plus point for the operating system.In all, this device is just beautiful, great quality, with a kicking camera and maps application, and with an operating system that puts the others to shame. I must definitely recommend this phone to anyone thinking of taking the plunge into Windows Phone, although at this time it may be better to perhaps wait for the Lumia 930. But if you are on a budget, the price of this one is plummeting and it's a GREAT phone to own.

very good product im happy

El tel&eacute;fono es todo lo que yo esperaba, Buena c&aacute;mara, buena interfaz de usuario.Quiz&aacute;s lo &uacute;nico que le falta son mas aplicaciones en el marketplace.

I chose this one over iphone5 due to its "superior" camera hardware. How i regret my decision. Images from 902 are not as sharp as those taken from an ip5. The apps are just a joke. For now, 920 meets my basic needs to check emails, navigation and information online, but not a fun phone. I will definitely go to iphone once I'm eligible for an upgrade.

I just decide to upgrade my old galaxy ace to this phone, and feel a huge difference in term of performance and capabilities, if you have doubts about the weigh and size of the phone, yeah is a little heavier and fits not well in small pockets. The price is more than fair for such great phone, synchronize your accounts data in no time including gmail and twitter. Grab it if you don't mind use window 8 that is way different from android some app's still missing for this OS.PD. It comes in an AT&T; box and a label in the phone but works with any sim card you put in, I tested here in El Salvador with a local provider and connected to the network easily, just put the sim card in and reboot the phone.

At first i was a little worried, because some people was receiving what looked like a used phone, however i have no complain at all, the phone is brand new and just as described by the seller.Strictly recommend the seller HeavyDuty Electronics LLC

So far , its been great. Works well outside the US. I expected more from battery saving though but its still fine. Will keep you posted if issues come up. Great job Nokia

Best phone for its price. No other phone in the same price range comes close to what you get from 920.

I received this phone a couple of days ago, and while it says it is an LTE phone, I spent 3 hours with AT&T  trying to make LTE work.  Additionally, I spent 4 hours researching websites for LYE fixes for this phone.  My old phone was LTE and worked fine, so ATT is not the problem.  Additionally, the WFI connection on this phone kept dropping and each time I had to re-enter the password to get it to reconnect, after doing the ~ 20 times I decided this one is going back.  I requested a return this evening.  My family and I have several Windows Phones that work fine, so I think it is the phone.  The box says it was destined for Saudi Arabia, not the U.S., maybe it would work better there.

This mini computer meets my need. As a busy man Nokia Lumia 920 seemed to have been produced just for me. Wherever I'm my Nokia answers my every question. What a great product!

Perfect as described, new, unlocked, shipped with a wall adapter and in perfect conditions. I'm from Brazil and its 4G is working nicely at the xountry.

the phone was purchased from Breed and is not as described. This is a used AT&T phone. it seems working ok, but the battery lasts for only half day even with light usage.

It is an excellent smartphone, it works like a charm in Venezuela, fluid, excellent user interface, no lags and WP applications, I had not missed that on my Galaxy. Lumia 920 simply the best!!!!!! Thanks WINDA USA & AMAZON

I've been using the phone for a week now and so far I have no complaints. Switching from an android device there is a slight learning curve with the windows 8 operating system.

Great phone, probably better than the IPhone.  It has a super fast processor, spectacular camera and all the apps that I will ever need.It does have a nice big screen, so it is a little bigger that some other phones.

bought it for myself. pros: good screen size/display and camera; Nokia off-line map is a plus, but it is not as powerful as google map yet with data plan; Large icons are easy to use.cons: the biggest problem is the efficiency/battery duration. programs and games are rather limited, and some of them basically burn the phone very hot though you put them in the background; at least a couple of times the battery died arund 3 or 4 pm in the afternoon; recharging seems to be slow; if I forget to put on charge overnight, it is guaranteed to run of battery in the morning and you'd better not completely rely it for the wake-up call in the morning! The screen is not as strong as I hoped, and I already have several scratches.

This phone is by far the best I have ever own.Build like a brick, feels solid and reliable in my hands, and being a big phone is incredibly comfortable to use. This is real hardware!!! It was obviously designed and engendered to stand heavy use.The built in camera is really good. It won&#8217;t replace my DSLR but for snapshots and street photography is more than enough.Windows OS is truly smooth and fulfill all my needs.The app store may not have two or three millions of apps but truly, who cares?Whatsapp, facebook a weather forecast and a stock quote app is all I need.Of course these are only my requirements and other users may require apps not yet available in windows sore.Including Office and OneNote is a great plus. Please note that you can only create word and excel documents.What to improve: IMO the unlock button is misplaced and would be far more comfortable in a place easy reachable with the thumb.

When received I thought the phone was damaged, It did not turn on, after several attempts connecting the charger and disconnecting it, the phone finally turned ON, it seemed the battery was completely discharged and when it is hot and completely discharged it needs some time (hour or more) to cool down before connecting the charger. After a couple of months using it, it has performed well. 1 con is that this phone seemed to have been locked for AT&T; previously, and though it was unlocked I had some problem trying to use internet sharing (tethering), A message popped up telling me to get an unlock code from AT&T;, after a long search on the web I found a procedure to make it work with other mobile operators.As nokia lumia is promised, the screen has not been scratched, and I don't use a screen protector, really amazing !!!

4 stars because of its weight, it is heavy. Other than that it's a very nice phone if you like windows

I am a big fan of Nokia. When I got this phone I was pretty excited, but when I connected to the internet and tried to do things, I had to register with Nokia AND THEN Microsoft. I'm still trying to figure this stuff out as I don't have good internet connection in Afghanistan, so it takes me a little longer.Why do I have to register twice with two different companies? That's big downfall for me. I'm confused about where to buy apps or whatever for this phone because I put my payment info with Nokia...but it seems I'm not buying apps from Nokia?I really like the phone, but it's too confusing with two different company thing. Apple has it easy, you register and buy everything from itunes. Easy, peasy, done deal.Microsoft sucks and so far not a fan at all of Windows 8 on this phone. I wish they would update the phone without having Windows 8 or anything to do with Microsoft.One stop shopping is where it's at....********UPDATE*********I really got tired of this phone. I went and bought a Sony Experia Z instead. Waiting for that to get here, then selling this Nokia 920. This phone is slow to me. Not happy and I hate Microsoft on this phone! Too confusing and just not worth the headache!

Bought it for my husband and he like the phone and did get compliments from his friends and one of friend's gave him money to buy the same phone as his. Am glad it worked in Nigeria but SIM have to be cut to a tiny size, still cool.

it does over heat and battery doesn't last long, tying to contact seller for replacement, but I don't know maybe I will get worstthan what in my hands.

I bought this as a gift to my daughter in India. It was sent through my friend in January 2014 to India . I did not open the package . On using the Mobile by my daughter it started to become unusually hot ,. She took it to Nokia Care in India, on opening the mobile to check the technician found the seal tampered and said it must be a refurbished phone. The software it appears is also outdated. Can you help me with a replacement. I can ask my daughter to return it to me. I stay in Chicago, Illionois.This is the first time I have faced a problem purchasing through Amazon.I have bought many items and had never faced any problems.

This is the best phone you can have for this price.The windows phone OS is so simple to manipulate. Only the Lumia 1020 looks better and period.

Loved the phone when I first got it, works a little different and had to get used to it but liked it. Six months later, not even and it doesn't work. Go online and I see loads of people are having the exact same problem, one guy has already exchanged the phone three times. Nokia doesn't advertise the 800 thru 900 series at all anymore. ATT, Verizon, or any of the other carriers only sell the newest two models. Nokia hasn't offered any real resolution or a recall. Stay away from anything Nokia.

The experience with Nokia lumia 920 was disappointed because I can not download any apps I took it to T mobile office, they could not figured it ou. I called NOKIA company  they could not helped either and there is background noise whenever you call and is so annoyed to my callers.  In all I would say I am worried.

This is an at&t phone no where shows that and the picture doesn't say at&t and now it is giving me problems with my carrier

I really had very good expectations about the Nokia 920. Everything was doing fine till three days ago when the battery just started to give me trouble. It began to discharge very quickly and, even more important, not to charge !!!!!! This is very frustrating because one of the very good reasons to buy a Nokia always was its battery.I live in Brazil and I really want a way to solve this problem as soon as possible.

A great Cellphone and unlocked, But Still a RM-820 AT&T and some functionalities, like 4G, doesn't work in roaming. Is a great cellphone, Windows Phone Work perfectly, only this and sometimes the call someone my voice sound with a echoes. But is a great device

Phone arrived on time and was as mentioned (factory unlocked).Although, the start up screen featured a maxican telecom provider logo, I am not bothered by it.all in all a good deal.

I just bought the 920 and love it. Love it so much, that I sold my iPhone and iPad to purchase Windowphone products. The issues I love are:1) Very Durable and solid2) Great interface and camera3) Easy to pick up on4) Commands and options are self explanatorySome of the Cons:1) Battery usage is a killer2) More programs needed for Window phones. The selection is very limitedOverall, I really like the phone. Whether that continues is in MS hands to give more software choices.

horrible only worked for 1 month and a half. I ask them to fix it and they told me to send it in. I send it and haven't heard nothing in 2 weeks horrible customer service. The phone was great when it worked.

The phone is an expensive phone and after one month of usage, the phone doesn't power on. It's just ridiculous.

I loved the phone it was very cool and it had great features, but I had to return it a moth after I got it. The screen showed a vertical line of dead pixels. I researched it and it's a common problem with this model Lumia 920. The screen is gorgeous but have that problem. Other than that it's a great phone.2 Stars since the screen failed.

The item received was defective and battery was not charging. I gave it as a gift and in India the warranty did not cover there. The Nokia service center checked the item and told me it has issues with motherboard and I need to pay 100$ to rectify the issue. So I am sending the item back to the seller

The phone is great, the price is fair and the delivery was fast. Be aware though that the jack is made for the United Kingdom and you'll need an adaptor to use it where the socket pattern is different.

We purchased this phone in May 2013 (Nokia Lumia 920 Black Factory Unlocked 32GB phone 4G LTE 800 / 900 / 1800 / 2100 / 2600 - RM-821, Sold by WorldWide Distributors in Amazon.com). The phone stopped working September 2013 with the infamous "spinning gears" problems. We try sending it to Nokia for repair, but after providing Nokia the Serial number (IMEI) we have been told that the phone is "Out of warranty in the US". We now have a bricked phone, no warranting, no recourse.

So I've had MANY phones.  in a 3 year time, since drowning my second iPhone, I've had 4 Android phones.(Nexus phones are the best on the Android platform...but this is my second Nokia.I tried the Lumia 900 but the OS and app ecosystem was still to young, so I went back to Android for another year and a half.After almost 2 years I felt it was time to retire my Galaxy Nexus so I began doing a lot research.  I found the Nokia 920 was getting great reviews and almost every app I used on the Android platform was available on the WP8 platform now (only missing app is Nest but that works on the browser anyway).I've had this phone for about 2 weeks now and I love this phone!  The camera is outstanding! The wireless charging ROCKS and it just works...Even with iTunes when you download the WP8 app.  I recommend you purchase the Nokia case because even the matte polycarbonate case is a little to slick.  You won't be disappointed with your purchase.

We got it and it was new in the box.  Battery life is great. We had a bit of trouble adding it to Rogers.  In the end when you add a new SIMM into the phone you need to do a hard re-boot.  After that everything worked great.

The front camera was not working properly. the top fourth was darkened like there might be something blocking , i checked online and it said to be dust ?

Good mobile phone! Excellent service! But the charger is European style; I have managed to solve this problem. I really love the office software which is pre-installed in the phone.

I love this phone

Nice phone easy to use and good apps. I was losing hope with nokia but with this now luma 920 they are back in the game

this phone is amazing 32 GB memory windows 8 operating system all functions you need this phone has but make sure  that its factory unlocked and not at&t Unlocked by contacting the seller before you buy

best thing I bought. I'm a returning windows phone customer...I had a HTC HD7 & liked it. however the software fried in it...the phone was fine still. Love the windows 8 operating system. Heard great things about nokia...how durable & well made they are.

It is an exceptional phone and  has certainly met my expectations. It took me less than half an hour to figure it out.

I bought this phone from HeavyDuty Electronics. The phone only worked for 4.5 months. I found out the supplier and Amazon are selling phones with NO US warranty. I filed a claim and please see the answer from the supplier:This device, the RM-821, is the international version. It has a warranty through the country in which it was manufactured. Please contact Nokia and they should be able to point you in the right direction. More likely than not, it will be coming from Nokia UK, Nokia Dubai, or Nokia Hong Kong.Please let me know if you have any questions.Thanks,Ronnie V.So, I have to contact Nokia to find out where the phone was manufactured.!!! This is absurd.Dont trust this supplier.

looks great! people ask me all the time what kind of phone is that? it looks so awesome (the tiles make it interesting), super easy to use, it connected to my car without problems and it works great, I will stay with the Windows phone and Nokia from now on, Oh did I mentioned the photos? OMG amazing!

I  am extremely dissapointed and would not suggest this seller to anyone. The phone came not in the original packaging, it has had it's screen changed, so at&t logo wouldn't show up. There is a missing bolt on the bottom (only an empty slot left, where on the other side it's ok). The screen protector is on, but it has been changed and is not the original one, because I kno how lumia phones come when they are new. All the side stickers have been removed and there are scratches on the sim slot, because it probably has been used. There is a scratch on the back of the phone as well. AND it doesn't even turn on, is just stuck on the empty battery screen. I'm just very mad right now. Exchanging it.

Got an ATT phone despite the description saying that its factory unlocked. I need to send it but am traveling back to my country. This is so frustrating

So got the phone, but the speaker didn't work. Had to take it to have it fixed. Works ok now, but had to spend extra money to have it fixed up.

Phone is great. Was slightly worried when it arrived with vodafone start screen but works with different sim cards.Great phone and marketplace is getting better every day.

It is an evolution of my old Nokia 900 that was stolen.I am still waiting for the 4G technology in my city to check if it will work on our frequency band.

Nokia simply makes the best phones. And the Windows OS, although not perfect, is fluid, colorful, crisp clean - the best of the three. The screen and photos are great.Its feel in the hand is smooth and sculptural - and just wonderful to look at. And probably  the most important aspect: the clarity of calls.I highly recommend it - especially an unlocked version with a T-Mobile chip. The best combination.

This phone is perfect. Super fast processor, 32Gb hard drive, 8MP camera and 1080p video recording as well as playback. The only slight flaws are that it is very long and slightly bulky although it does fit in my back pocket and I am a very petite woman. The other minor issue is that the battery doesn't last quite as long as I had hoped but I do use it a lot for games, videos, music, document writing, texting, and email so charging it once a day is understandable. Altogether it is a great phone if you like the Windows phone OS and have AT&T. It will not work with Verizon or Sprint so be careful with your purchase.

I love the phone ,even thou is was a use product it still looks brand new . I have no issue with the product or the service i am looking for a Iphone 5s Gold

This is my Third or Forth Nokia phone and It's great. Only complaint is that it's a power hog. My last Nokia could last almost all week without needing to be charged. I constantly have to watch the power consumption and charge this phone at least twice a day.

I ordered the first one from BREED, fulfilled by Amazon. I received an At&t locked phone. I tried my patience and just order another one from a different seller. Let's wait and see. It will be unfair for Nokia to receive this neg ratings as I love Nokia than Apple or Samsung. Shamed on you Amazon as you let those cheater like BREED survive. Amazon needs to take serious action to protect your reputation and clients.

Very nice phone. Battery life,could be better though but overall its a good phone I like the windows operating system

I had no idea I could have written to your company until a few days ago. I purchased a phone from your company through amazon. The order was placed on November 4th 2013. I ordered a Nokia Lumia 920 and your company sent me a Nokia Lumia 900 instead. The phone does not ring or make any sound. All settings and volumes are where it is too be and yet no sound. I am highly disappointed in the deception of your company and will never do any business with you or recommend your company to anyone. I am also disappointed in Amazon for allowing your company to rip off good people of their hard earned money for inferior goods and incorrect goods.

Kind of disappointed - I was using the Lumia 920 as normal but suddenly it just did not response to anything. I had to search online for solution, finally I pressed &#34;power&#34; + &#34;volume down&#34; to make it reset, now it is still survived.

My mother has a Lumia 800 and it has always worked very well. When all others have only 2-3 bars of signals, she always has full. Then I was determined to switch back to old Nolia brand. I purchased this Lumia 920, the design and picture quality did impress me. The seller was BREED, and i have got AT&T unlocked instead of factory unlocked. As in all other AT&T unlocked phones, this one has a bunch of AT&T applications that are not useful when I am with T-Mobile. This itself did not bother me a lot until I inserted my T-Mobile SIM card, it said my SIM card was invalid. I started to worry and called both the seller and Nokia, there was no effective advices given by them other than suggesting to return it because they suspected the SIM card reader was not functioning. I thought about it and wanted to give it a last try --- I shut down and restarted the Windows, and it did work out. So this is the catch: you need to restart the phone in order for the SIM card switch to work, while with many other phones this step is not necessary.  The battery was very good and hold up for 3+ days for standby and regular calls/sms. But it ran out very quickly just in a matter of a few hours if I used any map application even for just a few minutes.  I actually turned off location service (GPS) and I switched away from map application right after, but the battery still draining super-fast no matter I put it one Battery Saver's mode or not, unless I restart the phone. I experienced in a few occasions that the connection was lost, but it was because my calls were dropped twice in a library that has average connections that I decided enough is enough -  I need to return this phone. I still believe Nokia could make the best phones and this unique experience might just happen to me individually.

I ordered Factory unlocked phone and I received AT& T locked phone.I am also surprised to see no voucher and headphones in the packet, not sure why it happened so.I am returning the same.

That Phone is not a RM 121 and not unlocked not at&t,really is at@t and a RM 120 ;dont hace acccesories not have headphones ,don't working in movistar Venezuela and have the logo at@t

It is great to handle and beautiful to look at.I love every aspect of it.I will order another one for my wife.

I ordered two new unlocked nokia lumia 920 thru Heavy Duty Electronics.I mentioned,when ordered, that those phones where for gifts and should be presented on July 25.Thanks to seller, I have got them before that date.I also asked seller to sell me additional adapter and he sent me before July 25 without additional cost.Thanks again to Heavy Duty Electronics.Great price and service. Recommend to everybody.

I believe unequivocally that it is the best cell phone I've had so far, Nokia also did well to use windows phone that is a really efficient system that does not go by slow as one would install more apps. simply amazing.My recommendation is to not buy a cell phone just for technical characteristics with high expectations, often as in this case this phone is good for the hardware and also to have a good operating system like windows phone 8. Iphone no more, no more android.

Almost a year after buying this cell phone I'm writing this review, all I can say is this is the best smartphone I've ever had... It's really well built and has passed over and over the dropping test without any indents, deformation, or screen shattering, gorilla glass has also lived up to expectations, the &#34;military grade/helicopter blade&#34; screen protector I bought for it only lasted about 3 months and i've had my screen unprotected ever since... No scratches yet, battery life did feel short some time ago but after software updating that is no longer a problem, screen definition Is great, as well as sound output quality, all I can say is I'm really glad I decided to buy Nokia and would buy nokia again if I ever have the need to change my smartphone, I'm very satisfied with this phone.

Blue Screen of Death (BSOD) after only 2 days of use! This is UNACCEPTABLE whatever other advantages this phone has.  Had to be Windows to ruin a good thing.  I bought a $400 brick.  Avoid like plague!

I was sort of expecting the unlocked/international version, and was decidedly nervous when I saw the AT&T; logo on the front of the phone. I was totally skeptical until i slid the SIM tray in, with my T-Mobile SIM in it. And it worked, and has been working, flawlessly, from the day it arrived.Suck it, iPhone!

Dond have headphones and is at&t the box is at&t and the rest very bad presentation us 4g and 32gb working of the test need heatphoned please

and the best phone I had so far ... very good design, elegant, comfortable congratulations to the people of NOKIA thousand points just love ... (Recomendable 100% )

I love this phone, I previously owned a windows phone but this phone with windows 8 awesome, plus the apps in the marketplace are/work better with this system. I love the sensibility of the touchscreen, and the camera is pretty good, plus Nokia has a lot of cools apps that work with this phone

There are a lot of comments on how people receive defected phones, I was aware of that...so I contact the seller, spent extra money just to ensure I get the right phone.Seller &#34;Hanssel Free Cell&#34; claimed that the phone is 1.new 2.sealed 3.having no carrier logos 4. and unlocked.1. The phone isn't new, it has been opened (sticker seal broke, for a &#34;long time&#34; already)! And everything is in Arabic or some other languages. And the scary thing is that there are already some apps on there, I suspect that the phone is not new and perhaps used, and plus, the phone has zero juice, which I charged a half hour just to get it turned on.2. The phone is not sealed, not as what seller told me on the e-mail.3. The phone does not have carrier logos on it, I truly appreciate that.4. The phone is unlock, by far, I think.There are so many sellers that are selling this phone, many at even cheaper prices, I bought it under false advertisement, I need an explanation.

I ordered a factory unlocked and unbranded phone last year and had hoped this would be unbranded as well but it carries a logo.  Otherwise I do love it!

Love this Phone. It does everything I want it to do. And it does it fast .Very good battery life for all the things it does .I would recamend this phone to anyone .

phone is ok but no warranty. and the settings is for middle east so you might find difficulties in some countries.

On my first review, I could not use Here Drive + because of country licence issues. It is now solved, and the phone is everything I expected, and more. If only the battery could last longer.

The nokia applications are great as always but Windows phone doesn't allow me to link my work email to this phone, also every time you need to fix something you need to reset to original settings and ask for the place where the phone was first registered (which in this case was Germany). So I'm reselling it and going back to my old phone

I am not new to this phone, I had to get this one as a replacement for another 920 of mine that got stolen. First I am gonna just put my original device review here, then get into this particular posting.April 27, 2013:The phone's review will have to incorporate bits from the OS too, so let's be done with that first. Live Tile remains one of the best interface innovation on any platform, the addition of a smaller size of tile makes thing only better. Ability to change tile size of any app depending on user's priority is simply brilliant. Nokia Windows Phones come with access to Nokia's full suite of mapping apps, although they are now available to others also, Nokia stays on top of the game by providing other exclusive apps like Nokia Music, Cinematograph, Storage Manager etc. Offline mapping data is a godsend. Added capability of apps' to integrate to lock screen to quickly provide you with info you care about the most is also awesome. The added accessibility tools like changeable font size, UI zoom, high contrast mode(looks freaking gorgeous) makes the OS the best choice for people who needs any of them. The usual goodies are of course still there.Onto the device itself. The screen size is 4.5&#34;, which in my opinion is the perfect size, not too small, not too big. The high PPI screen is a joy to use. It retains Lumia 900's slightly squarer 15:9 aspect ratio, and the increased PPI makes it one of the best display in the market. The curved display's edge meets the rest of the body flawlessly, making the phone a joy to hold. The poly-carbonate's texture is simply luxurious. The material also means that color won't come off even if scratched. Nokia has used a new kind of coating on the logo, and the three capacitive keys that makes it really easy to see them even when the back-light is off. Slightly raised position of the keys is also a very welcome change, makes it very hard to accidentally hit them now. The camera is hands off the best phone-camera out there, nothing more to say there. Although the from camera is less than stellar. A few issues that still remain is that I want the headphone port at bottom and the micro-USB port on top of the device, it has it in opposite order, although to be fair every OEM is guilty of this offense, except only Apple is now putting headphone port at bottom. At least we get a camera button with windows phones. The phone is indeed a little heavy. 900 is my opinion had the perfect weight. While 920 has better ergonomics, I find it a little heavier than I would have like. But given the built quality, OIS camera, display quality, 32GB storage etc. being a little heavy is easy to forget.Present, 05/22/2014:First let's talk about the software. Windows Phone itself has gone through several updates, three small ones (General Distribution Release, or GDR 1,2,3), and a huge one, Windows Phone 8.1. The phone I received came with GDR 1 installed. So being the enthusiast that I am, the first thing I did was upgrade all the way to WP8.1 developer preview. One very good thing about Windows Phone is you don't have to stay in the mercy of your operator, and wait months for an update. iPhone users do not suffer from it, but this issue plagues Android users to this day. A very important addition along with GDR 2 was Glance Screen, a Nokia only feature, that allows you to see your notification without turning on the display. After the last update it shows time, notification, and your next calendar appointment. Coolest feature ever. WP8.1 brings some much needed and requested addition to the platform.1. Cortana. If you've played you are familiar with the name. Microsoft really wants to achieve similar thing here, and they've already succeeded to great extent here. Voice recognition specially is uncannily accurate, even for a non-native English speaker as me.2. Notification center. Windows Phone has lagged in this aspect. But it's finally here, and better executed than iOS.3. Data, Storage, WiFi, Battery sense. Data sense helps you manage your mobile data consumption, Storage sense is for storage, Most curious is WiFi sense. It let's you connect to public networks without having to do anything, and let's you share your home internet with your friends/contacts without actually giving them yout wifi password. Battery sense enables you to fine tune each specific app's background activity preference.4. Universal apps. Chances are you are a Windows user. WP8.1 allow developers to write apps for both Windows 8.1 and WP8.1simultaneously. So you're gonna see a lot of apps crossing over.Point is this phone can be your gateway to this amazing update without having to spend much more on a newer device. 920 runs WP8.1 extremely well, and battery life is still stellar.Hardware is a very curious case on this phone. According to other reviews I gathered even though the phone comes unlocked, they may have been from a carrier. So I was prepared for whatever comes. And sure enough, the one I got is a device from a Mexican carrier, Movistar. But it's default language was English. Phone came with 4 keyboard installed, US, UK English, Mexican Spanish, and Portuguese. Unlocked phone does not necessarily mean unbranded, and the most annoying ramification is the splash screen I have to see if I ever restart the phone, and having updates the phone GDR 1 to all the way up to WP8.1, I've seen that enough for a lifetime. The good part about the device being of Mexican origin is the hardware category. It's RM-820, instead of RM-821 that I had before. It's good because the LTE frequency goes with T-Mobile LTE. It has, 700, 850, 1900, 1700_2100. I don't whey the underscore, but I get LTE now, so I am happy.I do wish the seller would at least separate the boxes based on frequency supported as those are written on the box, but all in all I am happy. This phone is still one of the best looking, best built phone on the market.

Nokia Lumia 920 has too many connectivity issues(3g -4g) , and in my case the phone body has a lose edge.

It is a perfect phone. The standby time is more than expected. And the call effect is very good. The software is enough for me.

Excellent equipment, very fast its user interface, good resolution of the camera and video. Very short battery life, and there are just 24 hours to recharge.

- Faster than the old phone.- Easy touch.- Loud ring tone- Play movies fast- Can even replace your camera for picture taking. Really high quality picture. Share with friends instantly.- Can record 1080HD Video through its camera.She totally loves this phone.

It was not factory unlocked, it was att unlocked one

Accidentally dropped my Nokia Lumia 920 which resulting in the glass cracking. This phone has Gorilla Glass 2 protection and one drop the phone screen crack up..  It an expensive phone with an inferior glass.. Didn't get my full money worth...

I PURCHASED A NOKIA LUMINA 920 BLACK.I AM PLESANTLY SURPRISED. AT FIRST I DID NOT LIKE THE PHONE SO THE SAME DAY I RECEIVED IT I REQUESTED A RETURN LABEL WHICH I IMMEDIATELY RECEIEVED FROM THE SELLER BUT I STILL HAVE.IF YOU WANT A GOOD SIZE PHONE NOT TO BIG NOT TOO SMALL AND LOOKS GOOD YOU SHOULD GET THIS PHONE BUT WHEN YOU RECEIVE IT TAKE YOUR TIME.ITS NOT AN IPHONE OF WHICH I HAVE IPHONE 1,2,3,4 AS A MATTER OF FACT I WAS ONE OF THE FIRST TO STAND ON LINE THE DAY THE IPHONE CAME OUT. ITS NOT AN ANDROID GALAXY NOTE 1 WHICH I ALSO HAVE. I BOUGHT THAT ONE FROM AMAZON.THE WINDOWS STORE HAS GREATELY IMPROVED ON ITS APP CONTENT,MAKING IT POSSIBLE TO CUSTOMIZE. FOR INSTANCE YOU SHOULD IMMEDIATELY REPLACE THE ORIGINAL CALENDAR WITH THE CHRONOS CALANDER FROM THE WINDOWS STORE ITS MUCH BETTER.I ALSO DOWNLOADED HIPCLIENT TO LOG INTO MY EXTERNAL SEAGATE HARD DRIVEI ALSO CHANGED MY LOCK SCREEN TO ACCUWEATHER LOCK SCREEN.THIS PHONE IS CUSTOMIZABLE.MY ICONS ON MY HOME SCREEN ARE LIVE I CAN SEE THE ACTUAL TEMPERATURE IN THE ICON UNLIKE MY IPHONE.THE PHONE LOOKS GOOD FEELS GOOD AND WORKS WELL, SO TAKE YOUR TIME ITS A TOTALLY DIFFRENT OPERATING SYSTEM BUT ONCE YOU GET THE HANG OF IT YOU WILL NEVER PUT IT DOWN.I AM WRITING THIS BECAUSE I DON'T THINK EITHER NOKIA OR MICROSOFT IS MAKING THEIR POINT VERY WELL.HAD I NOT VENTURED OUT ON MY OWN I WOULD NOT BE ENJOYING THIS PHONE TODAY.DON'T WANT YOU TO MISS OUT.THE PHONE IS FABALOUS.

the seller offer RM-821 Penta Band NEW, but send me a RM-820 AT&T refurbished Unlocked Penta Band, it look very nice refurbished work, and 4G-LTE work fine, protective glass of camera is dirt and will be open phone to clean it.

I have used Android, Symbian, Palm, Blackberry, ios.  Most recent being Android and IOS.  I initially had doubts of windows for a mobile OS as i had windows on version 5 and 6 which are not overly user centric.  However I was completely surprised with the a interface being fluid and very intuitive.  The screen is sharp and goes to show Nokias commitment to clarity.  Wireless charging is amazingly convenient.  Battery is ok though I have noticed certain days where my usage has not change tends to drain more quickly.  Nokia's branded apps are fantastic though here lens does little for me currently i can see its usefulness other locations.  The lack of apps on Windows store is not as much as a hassle as i would have thought.

I had this phone for 13 months, my front facing camera are full of dust thus making the front facing camera un-useable.  I called Nokia Support Center and was redirect around.  I was able to get to a CSR a second time that would not acknowledge the dust issue.  Nokia had come out and admits their design flaw but their CSR are told otherwise.  I called twice and both CSR was not help.  Nokia are not what it used to be.  Don't buy this.

Great phone. Went from a Windows 6.9 phone to a Widows 7 and now this Windows 8. It is a RM-821 International Version. Some are AT&T; Versions. I heard rumors that the AT&T; Versions don't work well on T-Mobile. I didn't want to chance it so I got the RM-821. I received it and setup most of my stuff on Wifi. I also updated the system on Wifi. The next day I went to my local T-Mobile and picked up a micro-sim for the phone since my old phone had a full sized sim. Works very well. I get 4G and H+ in my area. So far so good. Love my Windows Phone!Tidbit: ZDNet had an article the other day about 150 of the fastest downloading phones. This phone came in 4th which is very good.

Met expectations! I'm very satisfied!Even arrived ahead of schedule! I would recommend this phone to any Nokia fan or anyone looking for a good  phone

At the beginning I was very disappointed since I bought this as a gift to my son and after a little bit more than a week the screen went black and after that it was dead.Thanks to Amazon support I was able to get guidance to solve the problem. I did as the manufacturer recommended and it starts working again.It has frozen a couple of times since then, but I am giving it the benefit of the doubt since the phone system is running some updates I hope can solve the problem.I have used other phones like Blackberry, I Phone and Samsung and never had this kind of problems.

The Lumia 920 is a solid device. The built quality is amazing, and it feels like a tank. Is heavier than most average smartphone (or even some phablets), but when holding it, you know it can't be broken easily.The interface is fluid and fresh, although the customization options are limited to tile size and color.Pros:- Camera: the best smartphone camera I have seen in my life- Nokia apps and services: Specially Maps (Nokia Here) and camera-realated apps.- Windows Phone Marketplace: Many people complains about lack of apps. I found everything I need (mostly free and with no ads).Cons:- No LED notification: coming from BB, this is something I really miss, and I don't know why this is a missing feature on almost every modern smartphone.- Battery: It charges slow (very slow), and discharges fast (really fast). It took 3 hours to charge from 60% to 100% with a 2 amp wall charger. The discharge rate is more than 10% per hour (with regular use, no automatic backups/updates, low level screen brightness and only 2 backgroud apps running), so I cannot get more than 10 hours of juice.- WP8 still feels a little half-baked. Hopefully MS fixes some glitches in the upcoming updates. For example, inhability to close tasks more efficiently, the &#34;search&#34; soft button takes me to Bing, instead of search stuff inside the device, etc.Also, I must say that the seller (Heavy Duty Electronics) gave me an excellent service. The device was exactly as advertised and came in a sealed box, 100% brand new, and factory unlocked.

I ordered a nokia lumia phone from on the go solutions. the product came defected. after getting them to send me a return package which I had to pay for postage, they ended up refunding only part of the money I paid for the phone. guess what, on the go solution claim I mishandled the phone and that they will retain fifteen percent (15%) of the money I paid. Surprisingly I returned the phone in the same condition as I received it. I never took the phone out of my room for even a second. to cut a long story short. Be wise and don't be a victim like me. You don't want to loose any percentage of your money, don't you? I wont advise anyone to get from them

The adaptor is not American standard, but the phone works alright.It says made in Saudi Arabia.Responsive, fluent and stable.

Excellent phone. Good for dowload, watching and keep videos. Good internet connection and easy to use it. I love it!

I have had Apple products from day one.  I was in line for every phone including the 5.  I have been locked into ATT of course and the billing is super high/expensive and difficult to control.  The latest Apple OS has been a huge disappointment.  I tested the Android system after purchasing the Nexus 4 phone.  It was horrible, the batter lasted 2 hours max, the OS and Android Apps were ugly, difficult and buggy.  What a mess.  I sold it after great frustration and hardware issues.  I purchased this International Un-locked version of the Nokia 920.  Wow.  Windows OS is awesome, flawless, fast, fun and live.  The set up is intuitive, and Apple can't beat the integrated, speedy sexy look and operation.  This is an awesome product.  I know there are thinner and even more sleek Nokia and other Window phones out there now, but I have this one and I am sold.  My iPhone has less than a year and it will be buried next to my Newton.  Steve Jobs has passed and Apple in my view has peaked.  Congrats Microsoft, this is a winnner and fun all the way.

First I will list out the problems here.1. When i shake the phone some parts inside are moving. I dont know if something is loosen/broken inside. phone is working but i never expected this from a new phone.2  You missed earphones in the box. :(3. Also the charger you have given is in white colour ..where as my phone is black4. Phone is getting heatedup and the battery wears out so soon.Product you sent is not at all in par with the product you sent.  Even a used phone will be better than the one (NEW) you sent me.I quite unhappy with this. Iam in india now.. tell me what to do now with this handicapped phone with out even having a bill to approach NOKIA.I need your justification for my questions above.

love the phone! just what i was expecting. learning new things about it everyday. its the perfect phone for me

love the camera, amazing wireless charging capability, can use the phone with gloves on, just lacking a few apps, amazing nonetheless :D

To begin I read about all the negative experiences with getting the right product.  I did get the expected product...brand new and international. (Ordered from FGS Trading) The only hitch was it was definitely packaged for the European market as it arrived with a charging plug for the European use.  I am in Canada.  I have multiple 3.5 mm chargers so no biggie.Now on the phone. I first powered it on and had to change the language to English.  Took all of 30 seconds.  Holding the phone is a treat.  To people who find this phone heavy.  You should be concerned with the strength in your hands let alone the weight of this phone.  This phone is meant be used with a slim case if any.  It is extremely durable and you can feel the quality it it.  To put it in perspective the famed iPhone 5 is 220 grams when adding on the very popular Otterbox Defender case.  This phone weighs in at 185 grams.  With my Nokia case (17 gms) it is 202 gms total.  This makes that particular iPhone 5 and defender combo wider and heavier.  You will rarely see people put this phone in a case.  In fact there are not many cases made for this phone...maybe for that reason.  Corning Gorilla Glass 2 also adds to this durability.It is definitely a looker.  From front to back it just looks the business.  I got the black matte to limit any possibilities and fingerprints and it just looks good.  Colors are more likely to leave scratches as you can see with the iPhone 5c.  They have the same case.  Funny how apple has to make the iPhone 5c look so similar to that of Nokia colored phones but we will leave that topic alone.The fluidity of the phone is great... and simple.  No clutter to report.  I like having the ability to only have what I want on my home screen with the live tiles.  All other apps are easily reached but tucked away.  The camera of course is one of the most respected cameras on the market as Nokia is arguably the best on the market -  the Lumia 1020 has taken away the steam of the 920 but it is still fantastic.  I have used it for a month and my wife's iPhone does not compare.  The screen is very good...uses the same technology as the iPhone 5s (IPS LCD)I really feel the app bashing windows gets is blown way out of proportion. Reason being is there are a lot of useful apps and its not cluttered with pointless ones (Something I experienced a lot with my Blackberry Z10 on blackberry world).  I have found almost all the apps I would ever need.  The third party counterparts are great unlike in blackberry world.  I personally prefer quality over quantity.  I really enjoy all the in house apps Nokia makes.  Nokia MixRadio is fantastic as is their Camera app. Nokia Maps is very good and on par with Google Maps.  Nokia makes so many of their own apps I find I am not needing to find the third party apps to use ad I prefer that as well.The only things I could think of that I feel could be improved upon is the lack notifications and the Windows keypad is not quite as up to par as the Blackberry10's (nothing comes close...including Apple and Android)  Those are very minor issues and can be addressed with software updates.Anyone who says they are disappointed with this phone is weak handed and never gave it a chance and probably came from using an iPhone or Google and look at APP numbers.  The Apps are coming.  Apple has had 10 years to build up its app market...Windows is on 3.  Its the experience I was after.  I could afford an iPhone or an S4 but went with the Lumia.  There is something about Windows 8 that is refreshing.  Live tiles is a great concept that has potential to be more and who knows what will come with Windows Phone 8.1 update which is coming soon. That's my rant.  If you like having the phone everyone else has stick to your iPhone.  If you like to brag about specs get a top flight Android.  If you prefer to have a lightweight operating system that just feels right...try a Lumia 920,1020 or above.

This was supposed to be a Father's Day gift. Instead, I got a locked at&t phone that does not work. It upset both my father and me.

Excellent phone for the money and the new windows OS is outstanding.  More functionality than IOS and easier than the Android. You finally got it ritght Microsoft.kwc..

I do not hesitate to recommend that you buy this phone from On The Go Solutions. The product came as described (in original Nokia box) and specifically Josh at this supplier is super responsive for any questions that you might have before ordering.
