
recib&iacute; un excelente equipo conforme con lo solicitado, muy r&aacute;pido y oportuno por parte del proveedor al atender mi compra. a pesar que dicho equipo no vino el auricular para hablar por manos libre y escuchar la radio y mis Mp3

For what you pay for this phone it sure isn't the best you can get. The settings don't always save, its slow sometimes, and the screen size isn't that big at all. I would t get this phone again. I sent it back after I had it for about a week.

It is not work in USA and the screen is soooo baaad. there is no resolution on the screen . Don't think buy it .

I consider a good product for that I chose this rating for your excellent and I liked and I want to recommend this product

I bought this phone one year ago, i never regret that i got it one day, it has a long life battery on it. I can play radio during more than 12 hours, even if i have internet connectivity 24/24 on it. When all my others phones decharge, it still function normally. it very useful, i recommend it.

Hola amigos, me gustar&iacute;a saber si este tel&eacute;fono acepta las operadoras que prestan servicios en Venezuela, Movilnet, movistar y digitel. Gracias, Juan Cr&oacute;quer, de Venezuela con amor y paz.

I love everything about the phone.  The description was on par and i love how it is unique and stylish.

REALLY COOL PHONE, I BOUGHT IT AS A GIFT AND IT WORKS GREAT, SHE LOVED IT... BY THE WAY, I LIVE IN MEXICO, I JUST PUT IN MY SIM CARD AND IT WORKED INSTANTLY (THAT PHONE COSTS DOUBLE HERE)... GREAT PRODUCT! THANKS!PLEASE NOTE: IN THE ITEM DESCRIPTION SAYS IT USES A MINI SIM CARD, BUT IT'S NOT TRUE,  IT WORKS WITH A REGULAR SIM CARD!,ALTOUGHT FOR ME WAS BETTER THAT WAY (SO I DIDNT HAVE TO CHANGE MY SIM CARD FOR A MINI SIM CARD!)

I like this cellphone because it has what I need and want, like a good software, applications so I like this. I would have rated as 5 stars but sometimes it turns slow.

really nice and beautiful phone. I bought it because i like its' design very much. I write it 5 star because this phone works great, the battery like is also good an the special thing that i like in it the most is the keyboard, on which the typing is very easy and enjoyable. I bought this item month and a half ago, I was expecting it to shut itself down and other system error that some people had experienced with it, but my phone works really good. people say that they don't like this phone because of the low amount of pixels in it, but i knew what i was going to buy, this phone is really worth for its' price. if u want something really perfect, then go and pay more.I'm really satisfied with my purchase.

My dad love touchscreen devices, but he is a old man, so you can't give him anything too complicated. This phone is great for a touchscreen beginner.

Es un buen equipo de para principiantes en Android, lo mejor es que es facil ser root en este movil

I only had this phone for less than a month and its started to shut on and off without any reason. At first i thought it was the WIFI problem or the battery, this happens randomly that without notice. Also this phone is useless plus it's small, and online it looks bigger if your searching for a bigger phone this is not for you , WASTE OF MONEY!

Okay...CONS:its just a 3' phone... but it fits in my small hands... but I wish the pixels were more.. because Youtube Videos or whatever videos and even the screen is not that that clear.. but like 480p!It kinda hangs in between.... It bothers me sometimes... but sometimes I don't give a damnYoutube: Sometimes closes on its own..Skype: I don't know maybe its the other end.. but doesn't connect that well... Maybe its a bug in Skype.. not the phone..Broswer: Since it is 3' screen.. browsing is hard...Pictures: YUCK.. So effing blurry... but then I again.. I knew its 3MP Camera.. (3.15 actually.. whatever difference it makes)so dont expect HiGh quality pics... it sucks!PROS:Design: SLEEK and stylish... loved it!!Touch screen is excellent...Speed is okay.. I have been using it for just week now...Options are okay.. clear and precise..Thank god it has Wi-Fi.. cuz I don't want to pour out money for data plans.. I use hotspots at home, my college campus and wherever they have free ones...Its not a $200+ phone.. so don't get your hopes up too high.. Keep it low and then let this phone impress you...Its a budget phone.. I know I will be using this for the next 3 years.. so I am gonna be gentle with itHope this helped.. I might write a review after one month too!

ATTENTION THIS PHONE WILL NOT WORK ON ANY USA CARRIERS 3G/4G!!!!GSM EDGE ONLY!Okay...with that out of the way...The only people who should be considering this phone are...1. Those who ARE or are looking to get OUT OF,$80 a month 2 year contracts.2. Those tired of the "Is that a mini tablet in your pocket orare you just happy to see me" syndrome.3. Those tired of said mini tablet going flaccid at most inopportunetimes do to "awesome 10 hour!" battery life...(but its got a 4.5"screen!!)4. Those honestly over the whole can't live with out 3G!!smartphone fad. BUT would still like to keep a phone withSmartphone Android capabilities.The L3 is LG's smallest of the "L" series (L for luxury...lol)Phones, with the larger L5 and the mini tablet L7.This phone is compact but not tiny, wide and slightly thickerthan todays slate like phones (The Moto Triumph for example)It feels good in the hand unless you have the hands of a 10year old.Running Gingerbread 2.3 + a Qualcom snapdragon, modestlyclocked at 800mghz and 157mb of system RAM, it's not going to"hang with your buddies dual core Droidz XXX" but for whatit is...it's pretty snappy, smooth and responsive.This is not a phone to load up with fluff, the core neededapps are there, so only the essentials should be installed.Reception is great (from 1 to 5 a 4) the rest of the radiosfare even better, the wifi radio is strong and snappy evencapped at 3.5mb, The GPS is also reliable even on edge.Speaking of EDGE (the phone's only service availablein the USA).In my experience I've found that GREAT edge service,(3 bars +) is better/faster than poor 3G (2 bars -).So far I have 24 apps installed and 34mb free of system RAMBUT I'M ROOTED allowing me to move near all apps to theinternal 1GB ram that the phone treats more like an externalSD card. (this is an odd but cool feature)Call quality is average, I've been told I sound loud and clear.Thought on your end callers tend to soundloud but somewhat "plasticky" as if they were speakingthrough a plastic sheet...weird. This may be due tothe loudspeaker sharing real estate with the receiver.Headphones sound pretty good thought I'm no audiophile.The BEATS driver can be installed for ever so slightlyimproved headphone sound quality. (do so at your own risk,but not before BACK UP!)CONCLUSIONI could go on but it's getting long.It's a compact handsome phone, with fantastic batterylife (3 days heavy use/4 days moderate/reports of 5 to7 days standby)LG's own tweaked Gingerbread is pretty nifty, with a fewtouches of ICS and a clever app manager.Is it perfect? nah...Sometimes sound settings revert to stock.The phone could have used a light rubberized coating tothe batt cover (it is textured) as it sometimes feelsa bit slick.LAST WORDThis phone uses a QVGA display (125dpi 3.2" screen) this isconsidered laughable by smartphone standards as manyfeature phones still use this for displays.But PINCH ZOOM/PAN works wonders...lolCamera is decent outdoors, useless indoors in low light.

Well the phone is ok, considering the price, for me the mayor issue or disadvantage is that the internal memory is not enough after you install few apps the phone  will tell you that there is no more memory even for seending a text message, so you have to root the phone to be able to send apps to de external memory if you dont care rooting your phone i think is ok

This phone is really bad. OK, i'll be honest. I only bought this phone as a short term replacement when my other phone died - and as i'm waiting on the release of the new Apple iPhone 6, so my expectation weren't high - especially for the $35 i paid for it at Big W. But i suppose you get what you pay for. The phone is very poor quality. It just barely operates as a phone. Audio during calls is OK, but the handsfree is useless. The onscreen keypad is hopeless - especially for my fat fingers (i keep misdialing). The screen resolution and quality is very bad - it's really hard to read emails and messages. The only redeeming feature is the recharge speed, as it's very quick to recharge. If you need an emergency phone, then buy this (and expect badness), but if you're wanting a decent smartphone, buy something else.

Nice phone, its ok for the price, however is not the best screen resolution for a phone now at days

I was interested in sound quality because I wear hearing aids and this phone has very good sound quality. This phone is sold in Australia because I get news from that part of the world.

I could not ask for anything better than this cell. My mom enjoys it and it is very easy to handle.

Is regularly expected a little more.Design is something ugly and the screen resolution is poor, but it is good phoneJose Pinto from Venezuelanthis cellphone currently is working with Movilnet

This cellphone doesnt work, I bought it two weeks ago and the description says unlocked but when I gonna use in my country doesnt work, I live in nicaragua and i have bought three cellphones before and I satisfied with the purchase...Now i feel disappointedbecause this LG L3 doesnt work and I lost money

Though I love my LG Optimus, i just can't give it a five star rating because there some apps that it came that I have no use for that's just taking up space on my phone because I can't delete.

I love the phone got it for my little sis for her bday she loved it, she is using it in africa and it works perfect.Great job guys it came right on time .Thx

I like it, i recomend 100%, all it s function are very nice, and it has a good price thats very important.

I bought this phone to take and use in Costa Rica everything work perfect all the systems and App. The only one negative thing and its very minor is the processor is slow. All other fetures work great and covers many different frequency.

Very good phone big screen super light extremely fast and responsive. I believe that anyone can enjoy this android. I can't believe that the price for this item is so low, it packs everything I ever needed in a phone

The phone worked well when first purchased,no problems or lag on internet.but after a couple of months now for no apparent reason,it refuses to power on.

I was looking for a simple smartphone so that I could check email for business purposes, and that's what I got. It is pretty easy to use, though sometimes there is a processing delay and it takes some time after pressing an icon for it to open. The phone is small and lightweight, and looks pretty cute.Pictures taken on it come out OK, and I mostly use it for the phone, Facebook and Email. I really like the fact that the calendar is synced with my google account, and the fact the the whole phone is really google-based. The biggest downside of the phone is the relatively small memory capacity, which makes it pretty difficult to download apps. I have email, waze, facebook and magicjack on my phone, but if I would try to add more apps, the memory would not allow it, and I would have to erase other things before I could use the phone. I have learned to erase internet settings and some of the saved data in the open apps in order to save the memory. Increased memory would be ideal, and that is the only major downside.

Hi,I purchased this phone from you and I did not checked there but when I come to India there I tried to put SIM card but its not working.and i took to local l.g dealer they told me the sim slot is damaged that's why it's not reading SIM card.I am here another 3 months so what should I do? Will you refund my money when I come to USA then I return your damage phone.

Regretfully, the phone didn't work as excepted but it had all the bells and whistles I wanted and would have been a great phone if 1) it wasn't broken and 2) we weren't misled by T-Mobile thinking we would have great service when in fact we had none.  I was forced to return the phone for one that would work in my area.

I  had so many problems with this model--dropped calls, bad call quality. I finally gave up and bought a new model Motorola. Now I am happy

First the design and battery life were incredable, call quality was excellent.The Bad points of this phone where the screen is terrible, the Wi-Fi drops in and out.If you hit the Wi-Fi button Wi-Fi shows that it's on yet it's not connected.If I needed it just for the phone I might buy it,but the camera is very bad with no macro or auto focus.I returned the item because of the Wi-Fi back to Amazon and received a refund.

I am 100% unhappy with this purchase. After setting the phone up on my wifi connection at home, I tried to use the internet on it at work and found out that the data was not usable on this phone. You need to specify in the description if it will not work on the data system in the US. I am returning it and will not but another phone off of amazon for fear that it would not work either. So I went to Wal-Mart and purchased one.

I got his phone for my son (14) as an upgrade to his previous phone (standard non-smart) phone a few months back.  He's on t-mobile, no data plan, so he can only use the phones data/web features when he's on wifi.The phone has a slightly older version of android, and as others have stated the screen is slightly smaller and lower res than other competing similar priced phones, but as a trade-off the phone is more compact has it has a slightly faster processor.  No major major issues with the phone, it's been running fairly smooth and snappy, my son is pretty happy with the phone.

It is really cheaply made and i thought with display but it is horrible you can see pixels like big apple  Wont recommend to anyone

for the price of what you pay for, this phone is awesome. worked right out of the box the minute i dropped my SIM card into it.the only thing the anyone who buys this need to know is that, if you plan on sending/receiving pics to/from anyone, you'll need to take it to  your carrier and get the sever information entered into the phone because it won't download/upload them.other than that, it's a great buy

Well absolutely it's good for the price but i dont know why 3g conecction doesnt work... I try everything but nothing some people told me is because it's unlocked version but i really dont know.... another thing it's came with preinstaller aplications by telstra... I looked around and its a operators in australia so that makes me think that cellphone is from there.... so dissaponted... But everything it's ok for the price

Didnt like the phone.wont hook up with my internet.very slow and. Very small phone.will be sending it back.cant use it.

i thought it said unlock by unlock i thought i insert my sim card and go!not at all....i still cant get it to worki was told that it is unlocked! but i cant get it to connect to my net work provider,does anyone have any info.as to what i can doCan anyone help me on how to get this phone unlocked????

tardo justo el tiempo que estaba estimado para la llegada y el celular es bueno por el precio que lo estan vendiendo.

I was disappointed by the product. They call it a smart phone, but there is nothing smart about it. Terrible camera and poor performance.

All nice and rich features (Android provided apps) . display not so retina pleaser but can provide quick and intuitive responses. i m just using this for my app development.

this phone is so small, i was very unhappy and requested a refund.there was nothing about this phone that i liked, i opened the package, looked at the phone and boxed it back up for return.

Easy to use LG Optimus L3 E400 Unlocked GSM Phone with Android 2.3 OS, Touchscreen, 3.15MP Camera, GPS, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and microSD Slot - BlackLG Optimus L3 E400 Unlocked GSM Phone with Android 2.3 OS, Touchscreen...  reliable enough and handy.

el equipo en terminos generales es muy sencillo, es totalmente nuevo, el problema es q en venezuela no agarra 3g con todas las operadores solo con digitel, deberia ser con bandas abierta a cualquier operadora en 3 g

Screen resolution is good.The maps app is exceptional.Turn by turn directions are extremely accurate.Web surfing is very poor and buffers all the time. YouTube downloads are really slow and worthless as you can barely watch it before it buffers.

I bought this phone to use while traveling in other countries with a SIM card from those countries. It worked great in France (with Orange) and the Google Maps/Navigation was fantastic while driving through Normandy! It didn't even cost me anything on my SIM credit! I'm now using it in Kuala Lumpur without any problems. It is not an iPhone, but it does have the features I needed and does the job well. It is light and relatively small. Note, if you are traveling abroad and just want to make calls from your hotel room (or other places with internet) then the US iPhone works fine using the internet connection (FaceTime, iMessage, etc.). But if you need a SIM card to use the phone on the go, then this one works great.

El sistema operativo colapasa con unas cuantas aplicaciones abiertas. Buena pantalla touch, buen sonido, la bater&iacute;a es decente. un celular muy discreto.

Love the phone and loved the price. I looked at this same phone at Walmart and they want $127,00 + tax with less add on.
