
Do not buy horrible call quality even with good reception. Would not recommend even to my worst enemy. Thank you.  Good day.

We needed a durable flip phone for my mom and this worked great.  It had big enough buttons and read out that she is able to use it and text.  Sadly I think we've created a monster.  The best part about this phone was the signal. Her last phone would only work in the driveway, this works inside her house and she's very pleased with it.

We got this phone for my son to use as his first phone.  Its been a huge disappointment as it frequently turns off for no apparent reason.  We assumed this was him not charging it, but frequently when we turn it on again it shows full charge.  This defeats the purpose of being an emergency contact phone, and fails completely on the where-is-my-child GPS uses.  We are actively looking for an old second hand phone for him to use, it doesn't need to be flash and performant, but it does need to be ON.

I needed a sturdy phone and this one fits the bill.  I drive a convertable and can still hear well with this phone, while those on the other end can hear me perfectly.

I purchased this phone to replace my Samsung Rugby II (AT&), and it works great and seems a little lighter. Camera screen is improved and has more  verity of ringtones. Got this phone with AT&T upgrade and it was far less than going through AT&T website. I would highly recommend this phone to anybody who wants to add a line or upgrade its a really good phone at a great price. I got mine hear and it only coast me a penny. Had to renew my contract and it is for AT&T for the discount price only activation was a breeze that they had everything on file and activated it through automation that took less than 5 minutes after calling the customer service center.

Bought this item for my Dad, He just needed a simple basic phone that was not to complicated.  This phone seemed to fit the bill  Shipping was fast and packing was good.  So far we have not had any problem with it.  We have had it for over a month now

Phone is durable just like the Samsung Convoy 2 for Verizon. I bought this phone for my dad when he switched over to att and gave it to him as a gift. For over 2 weeks he didn't have to charge it. It has the same sturdy build and the same interface as the Samsung Convoy 2. This was a great purchase.

This device will give you a low monthly usage fee, less distraction than a &#34;smart phone,&#34; and no data charges.  This telephone is great for calling people.  When you want to hear a friend's voice, you just pick up the phone and call.  If your friend is over the age of 40, he or she might answer, and then you can easily converse.

Best phone I have ever had!  Phone is easy to use, takes great pictures and is very sturdy.  Love it!

So far so good, althought I didn't realize I didn't have to have another SIM card, because I already had one that was activated. But this is not any fault of yours it's a good way for phone co's to rip off the general public with out their knowledge. But it's never to late to learn these things, just costly.

This phone was just what I expected. The right price, easy to use, just the right size, clear and heavy duty. I would highly recommend it.

I like everything except the charging area and the main button when accidently pushed takes me to the internet which I don't use on my phone.

I just love my Rugby 3 it does everything I want it to and its easy to use and it does take very good pictures and I go on the Internet to get some moving pictures and use them as Wallpaper so I am really happy and satisfied with my Phone.What I really love is you can put a picture in the front of the Phone and have 2 pictures and that is great.

This phone is great!  Really clear easy to read # and letters.  I do not need my glasses to see the digits on the screen or keypad.fits in my hand well and pocketbook or pant pocket as well.

This phone is sturdy and stands up to the dust and abuse of the construction trades.  I dropped my old Rugby II in a swimming pool and it still worked.It even worked after I ran it through the washing machine with my work clothes.  It got a little cranky after that so I replaced it with the Rugby III but the II still works.I just use it for phone calls.  If you do a lot of texting or internet stuff this is not the phone for you. It fits in any pocket without getting bulky like Smart Phones.My only complaint is the PushToTalk button, a pain in the neck, placed for accidental activation.  I don't use PTT so I pried the rubber key off and snipped the little rubber nipple off the back and pushed the rubber key back on the phone to keep it waterproof.  Voila, no more accidental PTT activation.

I purchased this phone back in February this year and I really enjoy it.  I was looking for a phone that was really durable and would last well.  I found that and more with the Samsung Rugby III.  Below are the PROS and CONS of this device.PROS- It is a world phone- It has physical buttons- The hinge for the lid when you flip the phone up feels solid- When you cover the charger port back up, it has a secure seal, unlike other phones where the cover piece feels cheap.- The battery lasts for days.- The audio quality for the ear piece and speaker phone sounds pretty good.- The ringer is loud and stays at the same loud volume I have it set to, loud enough for me to hear it across the room.- The microphone to talk into is below the number pad.- It can download MP3 ringtones and wallpapers- It displays text messages individually- It does not require a data plan.CONS- When typing a text message, even if I have the Abc mode selected, sometimes the phone will not let me capitalize a letter and I have to press the * key numerous times to cycle through the text input modes before I can type the capital letter I want.- The camera on this device is not the greatest, but it does the job okay.- The phone only comes with one game, which does not bother me, but it could be a problem for those who like to have games on their smart or basic phones.- It accidentally takes pictures of the inside of my pocket if I do not have the phone in a case.  Definitely get a protective case for this phone to prevent you from pressing the buttons on the side.- The Push To Talk button is easy to accidentally press.With the Samsung Rugby III, I found more positives than negatives and I definitely would recommend this phone to someone who is hard on cell phones or has a job where he or she needs a phone that can hold up pretty well.

Just for talking in my business with this phone and high quality reception, and best of all it is a strong phone that is protected for the hard working person.

the battery life is longer lasting than other phones I have owened in the past , and it is very rugged also. I work in construction and I would not leave home with out it.

Very nice phone. I wish the button design was improved. They are to close in size and it sometimes makes negotiating the buttons troublesome.

Just what we were looking for.  Simple but sturdy phone.  We found the sound quality fine.  Battery lasts a long time.

Everything I expected

This is a very good phone, battery power is excellent, I recommend if you not looking for smart phone! excelent product, love it

This is the second Rugby III that I have owned.  Very durable phone, water resistant, and virtually hard to break.  I am rough with cell phones and I recommend this phone to anyone that wants a tough phone.  The reception is great also.

Love the new flip phonethe rugby is heavy duty and you don't need text and data unless you want italso does push to talk if wantedgreat phone for non smart phone users

Great basic phone does what I want it to do - make and receive calls.  Reception is very good. Battery charge lasts a long time.  The only downside is the weight and bulk of the phone - a lot heavier than my last one.  Moving contacts from old phone to new went pretty well - seems some instructions weren't there, but muddled through it.  Overall as long as you're not one of those people who's attached to apps all day and need a fairly simple phone for calls, this is a good choice.

Great phone with plenty of bells and whistles without  the bells and whistles! Good camera nice design and fairly simple to use. However don't get this one if you want to text a lot.

very happy with this phone. Very durable.

Bad feature about the phone is it is too easy to hit the mute button and the volume buttons on the left side of the phone

I picked rugged being outdoor hunter fisherman. This phone is every bit as rugged as I need, holds a charge quite well and has a lot of unexpected functionality.

Why doesn't ATT have a decent rugged phone??  This is my work phone and I've had it for several months now.  The user interface is not intuitive at all.  There is a lack of notifications for missed calls or texts, but if I get a voicemail the alert keeps going off until I listen to the voicemail even though I acknowledge the voicemail by clicking 'ok'.  This phone only has 9 speed dials, where my old phone had 99 and I could put everyone on speed dial usually by first and last initial. The ringtones are very quiet, there is not one loud ringtone on this phone. This phone is not nearly as robust as my old sprint phone - all plastic.  When I go underground or a no service area and come back up the phone tells me it is for 'emergency use only' and it takes a significant amount of time to be useable again. Beeps when you put it on and off the charger, and when it is fully charged.  So you put it on the charger and your almost asleep and 'bam' phone beeps telling you it's charged.The only good thing I can say about this phone is that I don't get as many dropped calls as I did with my old sprint phone and network.

purchased for a family member but phone was well received and seems to be functioning well.  battery has long life

I wouldn't recommend this phone whatsoever --it was total trash from day 1. The first time I dropped it it scratched --a Rugby 2 is a far better phone.

I have had this phone for about a month.  It was purchased to replace an older Samsung that was beginning to show it's age.  I wanted a simple phone to use for telephone calls only.  I have no interest in using other services available through the phone company and no desire to pay for data charges.  I have accidentally gone into the browser a few times by touching a wrong button.  This phone is much harder to use than the older version and I have had difficulty getting into voice mail, finding stored numbers, etc. because it is more complex to use than I had imagined.  The choice of free ring tones is very limited and some are difficult to hear even with the volume turned all the way up. The phone does not light up with the time and date unless it is opened or unless you push a button to display the information.  Once it is displayed, it does not stay lit very long.  Lastly, the charger comes with a very short wire that doesn't allow me to keep the phone next to my bed on a night table.  I would not recommend this phone to anyone looking for a basic, easy to use phone.

If you've owned the Rugby (A837) or Rugby II (A847), the new Rugby III (A997) will be pretty familiar.  I had the original Rugby as my frontline cell phone for a long time, and I liked the ruggedness and general durability of it.  But it had its shortcomings, most notably a rather small screen.  I passed on the Rugby II (although my mom has one, so I'm familiar with it), hoping something much better would eventually be offered.The Rugby III has a few notable improvements, the most obvious being the larger main screen.  It's 240x320 pixel and 2.4 inches diagonal, same as a number of "senior-oriented" phones like the Pantech Breeze line and the LG A340, also offered by AT&T.;  The web browser is a bit better now, and can handle most reasonable web sites, although you're not going to watch movies on this phone.  The texting interface is nicer and offers a lot more special characters than before.  The camera has been increased to 3MP in size, but still doesn't offer many effects features - but it is now fully functional from the outside while closed, using the external screen as the viewfinder.  The AT&T; Address Book sync feature is probably the only useful app of the included bloatware - it allows you to upload your address book from both the phone and SIM to an AT&T; server, where you can then retrieve it from a different/new phone should something happen to yours.  The Rugby III also includes AT&T;'s enhanced Push To Talk (ePTT).On the downside, I'm disappointed with the navigation buttons.  The main arrow keys are almost flush to the center button and are visibly smaller than they used to be, making it very easy to accidentally push "OK" when you meant to go left or right.  The USB/charging port is still that flimsy little tab and is even more difficult to open quickly.  The body surface isn't the rubbery feel of the original Rugby; it's more of a matte-finish coated plastic than what used to feel like a legitimate rubberized coating.  There's also one feature in the texting that I can't turn off and makes no sense to me... the first 30 inbound text messages (but not multimedia messages) are saved on the SIM, but message 31 and up go to the phone memory.  I don't want texts on my SIM... if I need to archive them, I'd rather copy them to the microSD card or transfer them via USB cable to my computer.  The text interface is also rather skittish when you want to capitalize the first letter of the next word ("Abc" mode)... sometimes it will do it right away, sometimes it won't and you have to back up and do it again.The Rugby III will do just fine for most everyday usage, or when you are a little rough/clumsy with your phone.  It's one of the very few decent flip phones left on the market that aren't cheap/thin "basic" phones.  But if you need a true "rugged" phone from AT&T;, spend the big money and get the Sonim XP5560 Bolt.

don`t bay from amazon ,this phone i bay from amazon it is not new it is refurbished my be !?phone after one month , battery go vrey week and the network connection go very bad , the front screen don`t work i was thinking i don`t know how to do it  ,the amazon told me you have to call manufacturer companies the samsung manufacturer companies they told ne this not usa phone

Great phone for husband!  He doesn't like lots of bells & whistles.  This phone is exactly what he likes.

I ordered this phone through Amazon to replace a supposedly more advanced Samsung Flight II phone which I absolutely hated. My family members and friends think I took a step backwards by buying a flip-phone. I beg to differ. The previous Flight II phone did many things well but providing basic phone communications and features wasn't one of them and that's why I made the change. My needs are simple: I wanted an excellent phone that was easy to use without too much thought. In short all I absolutely need to do is talk on the phone and text. The Rugby 3 excels at those tasks. It also takes great pictures, acts as a good music player and is able to share files with your PC. The only negative about this phone that I've see so far is that the navigation button can take a little while to get used to but it wasn't a showstopper for me. I would recommend this phone to anyone who just wants a great basic phone as opposed to a mobile computer that sometimes masquerades as a phone.

this phone is bad the buttens fell off has bad antaina respsion the ringer is not loud at all i had to record my own

When someone gets such a deal ,if it sounds to good to be true it usually is to good to be true, definitely doesn't fit this occasion.I received two absolutely great cell phones for 1 penny each. We love them , the batteries last so long that I forget to charge them sometimes. My wife and I both use our phones a lot and these phones have never let us down. Loud and clear reception.I would recommend these phones to anyone.  Thanks Amazon

I got this phone for my hubby because it is well made and he might now break this one. He is very satisfied with it.

My husband needed a phone that is fairly basic and rugged. He has been known to lose his phone often and this one is very sturdy. Just got a new case to fit it so maybe he'll not lose it too soon. He likes that it will vibrate before ringing as he not often hears it. Haven't had it long, but he is very pleased with it.

Was looking for a simple phone for my tech-challenged husband.  This was not it.  Too confusing and too many steps to send texts and make calls.

I got this phone for my grandma because I heard it was durable, but of course my luck came through for me yet again and I got a defective phone! It was quickly replaced with no hassle, and this one works perfectly. Great customer service from amazon mobile.My grandma loves that you can set a picture to the screen where the time shows and a different picture to the inside screen. It is easy for her to use, the keypad and font on the screen is big enough for her to see, so that is a plus.

Nice looking phone, long battery life, external buttons turn off when closed so no accidental calls.  So far very happy with purchase.

He Loves it! It's really hard to find a phone that you can only talk or message on! He had his old phone for over 8 yrs, hope this lasts half that!

I can not only say that this is the worst phone I have ever owned, it may well be the worst product I have ever owned.  I bought twenty of these to replace the Nextel phones that recently became obsolete.  I will start with a brief list of the positives on these phones.It's durable, has a good music player and it is water-proof (but then again, so is a rock and the rock would have better sound quality).With that out of the way, let's touch on a few of the many negatives.Poor sound quality, you sound like you're underwater even when you're not.ePTT is pathetic for so many reasons:  Logs you out constantly, alert volume is non-existent, ePTT volume is tied directly to ringer volume (how non-intuitive is that?), you can't see who you are talking to when someone alerts you, transmission and receptions can be spread over several minutes (i.e, someone says "Hi, how are you?".  You hear "H......i,.............how..........re......ou..."., phone needs constant re-boots to keep ePTT happy, poor coverage with ePTT even in metro areas, etc, etc.The keypad is poorly designed.  Constantly hitting the "return" button when trying to navigate.  When hitting the outside "ePTT" button, the speaker button is directly across from it, causing you to constantly turn off the speaker when talking on ePTT.The phone randomly chirps and buzzes without having a reason.  All of my co-workers have noted this, so it's a wide-spread problem.I could go on for weeks about the poor quality, but I will leave it at that.  Again, worst product I have ever owned.  It made me rethink ever buying a Sumsung product ever again

My Rugby is great. It is a bit more bulky that other phones... but that is expected. It is durable and easy to use, with buttons big enough to use with big hands, even with thin gloves on.

I own and ride horses and maintain 5 acres of property in harsh winter conditions.  This phone has been dropped and rained on and still works great.  I am not a text-er but the battery life is great.  I only charge it every 3-4 days.  I don't use the internet either. It's mainly for talking only but I am satisfied with it's performance.

Love the Rugby as it is very hardy and is compact.  Liked the last Rugby I had.  When I needed a new phone Rugby was the plan.  Thanks for making such a great phone.

Gets good reception and is very sturdy.  SUCKS for texting camera takes good pictures but it is not very convenient to get to it or take multiple pictures.

I had the Rugby II a few years ago and loved it.  Unfortunately for that phone, I was an idiot and had it in my pocket while in a pool for about two hours.  Even though I was never more than 4 feet underwater, the phone still had severe water damage and died.  Regardless of that, I always wanted another one, and now I have it.  Feels/acts just like my other Rugby did (and has the quirks in the operating system as well, only when trying to capitalize a letter though).  Overall, I love the substantial, solid feel and the 'I-can-answer-a-call-in-the-shower' attitude it presents.

It's super durable. That's why I got it. The ONLY downside is that you cannot turn off the internet/data capabilities to stop all possibilities of data charges. A HUGE plus is that the volume for both the speaker and the ring tone are the loudest I've ever heard. I've had this phone for a few months now and It's still like new.

I love this phone!  Works great, and it's very rugged, as something called &#34;Rugby&#34; should be!  I highly recommend this phone.

Before deciding to purchase this Rugby III phone online, I first stopped by the AT&T store to purchase directly to make sure there were no &#34;hic-ups&#34; with establishing service. With a 2 year contract they were going to charge $99. I decided to check the Amazon online price and was able to purchase the same phone, with a 2 year extended contract, for a penny at Amazon, plus a $36 charge will appear on my first AT&T bill. The interface from Amazon to my AT&T account was flawless and indicated exactly what my usual service included and the amount I pay monthly; this was reassuring. After purchasing the phone, I received an email that indicated a few very simple steps to get the phone activated. It was a simple process - done in about 8 minutes. One thing you should know, however, is that you have to use the new SIM card that comes with the phone, which means you will need to re-enter your contacts. I suppose it may be possible to have the data transferred somehow at an AT&T company store; if you need that done, I'd contact them prior to purchase to see if that is possible and what the process for doing so is.

Bought for husband who is rough on phones. Holding up well so far. Has good sound and ring tones and alerts are loud enough for him.

:( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :(  I just bought this phone (Rugby III) and already I'm disgusted with it!!! :( No directions on how to charge up the phone. Major Negatives on the cell phone charging cord because the connector and the cord are cheap, flimsy and won't last very long. Awful for product quality. I wish there was some type of descent standard for these things because this just sucks! Help, I'm in shock! (very cheesy) In 1969, I had a tinty AM transistor radio built better than this piece of junk. All cell phones Stink! Phooey! I'm not surprised at how little cell phone technology and cell phone signal booster technology has changed since my first cell phone. There are NO earphones or mic headset with this thingy either, PLUS if and when you decide to get earphones you will have to disconnect the charger or use bluetooth (cheap & breakable) technology, but it's very expensive to have it. Why not use the standard USB connector or anything more durable than the cheap piece of junk for charging and communicating at the same time? I guess that was too sensible. ReStink Technology! BOO!

This is a great basic phone for people who don't need anything fancy.  I bought it for my bf and how can I go wrong when it was .01??? Impossible.  Easy to see big fonts.  Nice.

Initially I liked the phone.  That quickly changed as I discovered that it would turn itself off.  Resetting the phone, restoring to factory settings (all with the guidance of Samsung support) all do not work to resolve the issue.  Support is sympathetic but will only &#34;repair&#34; my new phone and not replace it.  Additionally, they won't send me a phone to replace it so now I am to go without a phone until they repair it.To be fair, we bought two of these and my wife's works fine and she likes it.  But 50% is not a good average.So if your looking for a non-smart phone, look elsewhere and avoid this POS.  It is as good as not having a phone at all!

Brand new model obsolete right out of the box. Runs on unsupported old Samsung OS instead of Android, standard on Samsung phones. Apps for running various functions are no longer available or supported by Samsung. Bluetooth connectivity does not work with computers, only for hands free devices on which it works just fine. App store for this device no longer exists. Apps for Android, Microsoft, ETC.. do not work. Cannot use audible or kindle files or any form of epub or mobi reading file. Rugged? Well yes it is. So is a rock. So is an old Motorola RAZR V3xx which can be bought for $30.00 on Ebay which is also rugged, lighter and made of metal and has more functions than this turd.
