
I could not use the phone with not sure why but I sent it back. I will say it is a very nice phone if you can get it to work with your carrier.

We do not need all the fancy applications and stuff, just wanted a good mobile phone and this one fills the bill very nicely.

this is an excellent phone .and a great priceall the features work well and is very easy to navigate

Easy to use. Other than Wi-Fi, it has what you need in a basic phone.  Send/receives pictures just fine. Good reception.

This is an outdate 3G phone that seems to work pretty well. Ive only had it for a week but for basic use it works good. It has small blackberry type keys which take a few minutes to goet used to, but after that it works fine. The construction seems to be made fairly well and and is an AT&T quality phone.

It arrived my house fast than I expected.  I have this phone for only 10 days.  So far I like it.  This one has more function than I need.  I'm still exploring.  It displays time used of each call.  My previous phone did't hdo this.  The only thing I don't like is the keys are too small.  You have to be very careful to avoid touch wrong one.

I'm not a cell phone junkie so this may not interest those that are but if your looking for a good unlocked phone with a keyboard this works great.

This is a great phone with great battery life.  Nope, it doesn't have WiFi and it can be used on the 3G data network if you like but I chose not to. It's a perfect phone for my 10 year old. He can text parents, siblings and whomever I allow him to (through AT&T Smart Limits).  There's not a single button to press that get's you on the Internet which is unusually great because that way he doesn't start 'pocket surfing' without a data plan. Despite being a very inexpensive phone, it has features that rival once top-end phones like the Palm Treo.  This was a great purchase!

does not work real well. People are having trouble hearing me.

Best phone I ever had! My only problem was that it couldn't be fully unlocked to receive picture messages and get on the web, so I had talk and text only for Airvoice Wireless.  I changed from the ZTE Z431 to the Alcatel 871a, and I feel like I went from the user friendliness of a Mac to the clumsiness of a PC! The ease of use and is really a plus with this phone; if you are considering it and want to get pics and web, you may consider sticking with AT&T.

Better than expected.  I wanted a simple voice/texting phone. Comes with added features I may or may not use.  Great phone for the money.

I am using this on Wal Mart's T mobile plan.  Works wonderfully.  Battery life improves with use in the first week or so as you break it in.You can accept text pictures, but the phone does not send them very well, if at all.  Cannot save pictures received by text either.  Camera does not have a flash.Overall I am pleased with the phone.  It has more features than I use.

This low priced unlocked phone is great for starters.  I recommend it to those who need a basic phone with good features.

Quick shipping and as described. Still trying to get used to a different phone but overall good.

I bought it for my son as my gift to him, for a replacement for his old smart phone. I like the analog better,  easy to managed he said he likes it so far no problem very easy to navigate. I will recommend  this phone to others.

When it comes to plain vanilla phones, the ZTE Z431 is hard to beat.  Although it's capable of 'smart' phone functions, I use it as a basic phone and it's excellent for both voice and text communication.  As someone who avoids texting and the multiple keystrokes that are usually involved, the Z431's QWERTY keyboard makes texting easy and fast.  The price makes is right for a phone that fits the bill and gets the job done.  I bought an unlocked model because I travel internationally and it allows me to use a GSM SIM card from both US and foreign national cell service providers.  I now carry one phone (and three SIMs) instead of three phones... a great cost and space savings.  I'd recommend the Z431 to anyone looking for a good basic phone and would buy another if mine were lost or damaged.

Very Satisfied with these phones, an would recommend anytime !

Okay so let me start out by saying that this charger was the one that comes in the box, so I have all the reason to leave feedback for it.First of all the phone:I got this phone for my mother about 3 days ago she wanted something like her flip phone because she doesn't like touch screens. We ordered this phone and its great. Its fairly fast, good call quality, and easy to use. 5/5 for the phone part.Now the charger:The charger where do I even start. First of all on the second charge... Yes 2nd Charge of the phone, it stopped working. Now my first thought was the outlet, so I changed the outlet, Nope. I thought then what the hell Im just gonna take it apart. And what did I find..... One of the capacitors exploded inside the casing of the charger. Thats just horrible I would have been more than happy to have a problem with the charger a year from now but on the 2nd charge?? Come on now... And another thing about the charger is that it outputs to 5.7 volts at .6 amps.... wut.... no one sells chargers like that. Very disappointing.A good product ruined by bad accessory.

This is my second phone. My first phone was the Samsung Solstice II (http://www.amazon.com/Samsung-Solstice-Touchscreen-Bluetooth-Integration/dp/B007W66B08/ref=sr_1_11?s=wireless&ie;=UTF8&qid;=1391508566&sr;=1-11&keywords;=samsung+touchscreen+phone). Thus far, I really like this phone a lot more.Pros:Tangible keypadDifficulty to butt-dialGood construction, weight, and sizeEasy to gripRad-looking Blackberry lookalike: somewhat sleek and modern design~$35 USD, which is a pretty good priceCons:Small keypad for large fingersDeleting individual messages takes forever; you cannot save specific parts of a conversation, which I liked about the Solstice IINo way to customize vibratePhone operating system takes a little while to get used toHonestly, there are definitely some small things which bug me about the phone. The calculator app isn't perfect nor smooth. You cannot control the vibration ring of the phone. However, this phone is certainly a step up from the Solstice II for almost half the current price of the Soltice II! I would highly recommend this phone for someone looking for a phone that fulfills his or her basic calling and texting needs.7.5/10

I like this phone a lot. I have been using this phone ever since it was introduced to the market. Actually I am so glad about buying it. It has almost everything a phone user may wish for. Classic look too. I actually try to keep my phone as clean as possible with the use of25 iCloth Avionics Cleaning Wipes for Flightdeck Displays, Ipad touch screen, Monitors - Aerospace Grade Dupont Sontara Wiper. It keeps my phone from getting too old.

I LOVE THIS UNLOCKED GSM PHONE , I HAVE RECOMMENDED IT TO MY FAMILY AND FRIEND. ALL THE  FEACHERS WORK.

Maybe my expectations are low but I am happy with this phone. I have no need for a data plan and this one is perfect.  It takes good pics and videos, which you can save to a 32GB micro SD.  The only grief I have is this model appears so old that some tablets won't recognize it or find it incompatible but this is to me a minor issue.  The keys are quite small though and it's easy to type wrong.

This is a crappy product.  I bought in April, was broken by end of May.  Keys just stopped working.  And I am told I cannot return it.  Soo disappointed.

I bought this phone to use with Lyca Mobile 2 cent a minute plan. The phone works great. But, the battery only lasts one day. I only use my phone for a little talking each day. I'm going to have to look for a new phone, since it's a pain to have to remember to charge the phone every night.

Very good deal for the price. Well equipped. Worthy. Very pleased with it. Only a suggestion: Seller should offer the case or holster, to assure it would be this particular model.

the phone for the price is good, a little slow but well, I recommend it and is released, buy it for use in Venezuela and served perfectly. this does not appeal to the foreign friends that want pure expensive phone so recommended

I ordered this GSM because I was looking for a cheap phone which had a full keyboard and was unlocked. The primary purpose of that phone was the use a foreign SIM card (French in my case), so I could keep my foreign cellphone number.So far, so good. I'm using it mainly to send and receive SMS. With that low usage, the battery is lasting between 5 and 7 days. The keyboard is a Blackberry-like keyboard, so very convenient to write SMS or emails.If you're looking for a cheap cellphone that is not a smart-phone, this one may be the one :)

I bought this as a gift for a friend, I have not used them. I don't know how they work but I haven't heard of any complaints so I guess they are doing fine.

First, let me say that I am not a techy person and I use my Kindle Fire with my ATT data plan.  I didn't want a smart phone.  Something went wrong with my ATT LG and I was still under contract with ATT so I came here to find an unlocked replacement.  First I bought the Pantec P7040 Link.  I was very disappointed with this phone, so many things that it couldn't do (see review of it elsewhere)  But I just thought I'd suck it up until I could get another freebie with ATT.  Luckily, the port was messed up so it became very difficult to charge only three weeks after I bought it and I was able to return it.  Then I bought this phone to replace it.  So many good things about it.  The phone book is better than any phone I have owned. For example,if you accidentally miss pressing the first digit that you are calling but hit the next 3 or 4 digits, it pulls up and lists ANY number that has those 3 or 4 digits in a row.  All of my other phones just would read "No such contact" or something to the like and you had to reenter the number.  This phone was very easy to pair with the Sync feature in my Ford Escape, works great.  The alarm function is much better than any others I've had too.  The Pantec would only allow me to set a certain time alarm for "Once", "Mon - Fri" "Fri-Sun" or "Everyday".  I work M, W, Th and get up at 4:00 a.m. so this was a serious limitation for me.  This phone can be customized very easily.  It is also of putting out the LOUDEST alarm that I have ever heard.  I am a very light sleeper.  So light that I wear earplugs and have a noise machine cranked up so I can't hear a pin drop.  This works great but some phones aren't loud enough to overpower the loud noise and my blocked ears.  This one does it easily.  Shortcuts work well.  Messaging is easy.  I will say that the one downside is that the buttons are very small.  This doesn't matter to me since I am very small, but a larger person may have trouble with the keys.If you don't care about all the bells and whistles of the smart phones and just want a very good phone with pretty good features that are easy to use for little money, this one is for you.  I love it.  If ATT offered me another phone for free right now to re-up with them, I would decline.

performs the basic tasks that is needed for a phone of its kind and serious kind good additional sd memory

Signed up for the crazy cheap &#34;Pure Talk&#34; service for our kids and wanted a phone with a full keyboard so the kids could text us easily. Ordered the free (standard size) SIM from PureTalk, inserted into this phone, went through the web based activation, and was up and running within 10 minutes. Total no-brainer of a combination.

Great basic phone for someone not interested in all the bells and whistles of a data-sucking phone.  It can be a little slow but I learned long ago patience is a virtue.  It isn't dialup modem slow but it doesn't respond lightning fast when accessing different functions.

I bought this phone & after about 3 weeks it stopped working properly. Callers could not hear me when using the headset or normal (non-speaker) option. So I had to have all conversations on speaker phone. Thankfully I was still within the 30 day return period & had no issues with returning the item. Because I really liked the phone & it was perfect for what I need (talk & text) only I decided to return it for the exact same phone. Hoping it was just that particular phone with issues. Dumb decision because just after the 30 days return period the replacement phone did the same thing & just stopped working expect through the &#34;speaker&#34; option. I would not recommend buying the phone, although it looks great & has great options for not being a Smart Phone it was a waste of money (having to pay for shipping rates to return it twice) & a hassle to look for another phone.

I got for my nephew an he love it

It's an excellent phone.  the only problem is you can use the internet settings if you are using another provider besides AT&T.

I like my new phone.  I ordered it to facilitate texting, although I don't use the data and internet features.

It has a sleek design which feels like a Blackberry.  The display is very sharp.For a featured (non -smart) phone, you can not beat the price for this quality.  So my rating is having the price in mind.It consumes very little power on standby.  It can last as long as six days without charging.This phone is not very fast, but better than other AT&T; phones I had.  The camera is so so but I don't use that function much anyway.It has a microSD slot which can go very large in storage.  It is better for music than photos.  I tried the image function.  It certainly stores the photos you take from the phone.  But if you load other large size photos into the SD card, the phone does not have enough power to display a large size photograph.  So it you want to use this device to carry photos you took elsewhere, you have down size them first before loading into the SDcard.  But consider other feature phones which do not even display any photos, this is a good function.In addition to the QWERTY keyboard, the has the T9 input function, a smart fast typing capability, good for composing long text content.My only gripe is that it has built in English and Spanish input options, but no other language (e.g. Chinese) input options.  It displays Chinese (incoming text) well.  If there is a way to update the firmware for Chinese input, it will be great.

I bought this phone 3 months ago from Best Buy. Just wanted to reduce my AT&T; phone bill by not using my smartphone. I thought this phone would be good, since I like the QWERTY phones and it kind of imitates blackberry, I bought it. However, you will get what you paid for, The phone is very slow if you are going through the menu after a click it will take a second to move to the next options same thing is with dialing the numbers, I thought it is OK, until one day I made a call, when the phone was on silent the person on the other side was not able to hear my voice neither I was able to hear any thing. and I turned the speaker on then we both were able to hear each other.That's it I changed my phone, Since after 3 months I discovered this problem I can't return it either. It's sitting somewhere at my home and eating dust. Lesson learned is never go with a cheap brands because you will end up paying more, than what you thought you will save.

The mobile web settings are hard-coded into the phone. You can view the communication settings, but there's no way to change them. This phone can only be used for talk and text.UPDATE: Confirmed with Lycamobile today that the phone, indeed, is not COMPLETELY unlocked. Mobile web is locked down. So unless your carrier happens to be AT&T;, do not count on getting any data with this phone. This is a common problem with phones unlocked by a third-party. The only real way to guarantee you'll get full functionality is a FACTORY unlocked phone. Otherwise, you're rolling the dice. Lesson learned.

Excellent product! Great service, nothing to complain about, 100% recommended

Very good phone for phone calls and text, nice voice and battery life before charging. It is easy to use, I like it.

for a simple phone that makes call and does texting excellent, so if you need something simple this is the way to go!

Wanted this phone to use with Consumer Cellular service.  Works well, so I didn't have to change my service provider.

Horrible, very slow!!!!!!!!  Whenever i want to dial it will take a while before i can actually see it dialing!!!! if i want to check my messages or do a  different task i have to wait at LEAST 20 seconds before the botton will process what it was commanded to do. I usually dont write reviews, but i dont want other people to be going through the same experience i had with this phone.

Good phone. Keep in mind it is a GSM Network phone, so be sure to chose a phone and Network that best suited for the area you will use it the most. The only drawback I have with this phone is; I want to use the shortcut key (left, right, up, down) to access the Messaging folder, and I have not been able to do that from the shortcut keys. I do like the light weight and slim feel of the phone. For the money I think I made a good buy.

Condition was as described.  Easy to set up.

I purchased this phone for several reasons and it has proven to be a great purchase.  First, I needed a new MP3 player that was rechargeable, played for at least 12 hours per charge and would handle free library Overdrive books.  My small clip-on Sansa disk players were great while they lasted, but completely unreliable.  After the 6th $40 player quit after only a couple of weeks I gave up on them.  I also needed a prepaid phone that would allow me to text with ease, but discovered that a prepaid plan for a smart phone was always at least $10/mo more, even if I never used data.  I have a tablet and don't need an expensive smart phone too.  With the unlocked Z431, for $30 I was getting a good MP3 player, a phone that made texting easy and only had one item to carry with me instead of two.  In addition, this phone has bluetooth so I was able to ditch the earbuds with cords that kept getting in the way. I can use the phone for talking and playing books for several days without having to charge it (never done that with a smartphone).  The phone was AT&T; unlocked so I could get a free Sim from PureTalk USA which has a unique plan allowing me to pay as little as $10/month for minutes or automatically adds blocks of time if I need more, with extra minutes rolling over.  I use anywhere from 200 to 800 minutes a month so this flexibility means I don't run out, and don't pay for minutes I never use as I did on a previous StraightTalk plan.  The phone/media player is not perfect (hence 4 stars}.  I wish it played wma as well as mp3 format books, but since most are available in both formats can live with that.  A 5-star phone would also have a sleep timer and flashlight.Adding books was a definite learning process so I am including the steps to doing that here.1)  You must purchase and insert a memory card.2.) Download the software and Overdrive books to your computer using your library site.3.) Connect the phone to your computer via USB and wait for Windows to load drivers4)  Go to Computer to find the player symbol under Players with Removable Storage and double click5)  A window with &#34;U Drive&#34; should pop up.  Single click (important) on U drive.6)  Wait for a couple of minutes - it takes time to load and I was sure it was not working the first few times I tried it because I did not wait long enough.  The first file menu that pops up is for the phone, when a second longer menu appears you will be able to use the Overdrive transfer option from your computer to get the files on to your phone.These steps were from my Windows 7 computer.Other things I like:The calendar with audio reminders of my appointments.The keyboard that I find easy to use in spite of the tiny keys.  Maybe it works because the keys are raised.  The numbers are small, but since most of the phone numbers I call are stored, I rarely have to enter a phone number.

I did not know this was a pay as you go phone.  That being said I put my Sim card in from AT&T And I am up and going. I just haven't figured out where my old contact list is.  I have only had it for 2 days. Have only used a couple of features on the phone, still exploring.

bought this phone as a gift for a friend in it keeps cutting off an coming back in as a call is coming through or a sms text comes in.

the phone keeps cutting on and off it doesn't keep a charge had to go buy a new cell phone

Easy to use.  Beat smart phone data costs. Great battery life. Not a smartphone but easy to call, receive and text. Dependable!

seller shipped the phone promptly. initially, i was worried i wouldn't receive the phone before i traveled but to my surprise, it arrived way earlier. The phone is decent for traveling abroad. Easy to use only that the keypad is just too small. Happy with the service and the phone so far...

Looking for a phone without a lot of bells and whistles.....then this is it.I just wanted a good basic talk & text phone with a keypad that wasn't a touch screen.If there was anything I wish it would do then that would be better graphic maneuvering, like easier zoom in/zoom out.For the money, it's just right!

A few months ago I bought a cheap Huawei G6620 Unlocked Dual SIM GSM Phone, to use for traveling in other parts of the world. For a cheap phone ($39.95 at the time), I liked it OK.  Then it got stolen in Italy.  When shopping for a replacement, I got this ZTE phone due to the positive reviews & an even cheaper price.It's hard for me to pin down my reasons, but I don't like this one nearly as well as the Huawei.  The interface just seems more awkward, the keyboard is even worse (the Huawei's wasn't great, but I think it was a bit better than this), and my mother always complains she can't hear me very well on it (but that could be her--I have used other cheap phones and she always says she can't hear me well).  Also the battery life doesn't seem as good as the Huawei's was.I've had no big problems with the ZTE phone.  I just don't particularly like using it.

Shipper excellent, received phone as promised.  Product was new and in excellent condition when delivered.  I purchased this phone to use on Consumer Cellular service.  More of an experiment than anything as I wanted a qwerty keyboard to do SMS messaging.  I had been using an Android touch screen and really hated messaging with it.  I loved my old Blackberry so decided to look for a similar product and found this.  Problems sprung up when attempting to install my sim card and get the phone up and running.  I had to call Consumer Cellular support and make it operational.  They were very good in helping me do just that, here are the problems, no email support even though it is on a menu for Gmail, Yahoo plus others, internet would not work on phone, MMS would not work, all you have is SMS and voice through my provider.  The OS (operating system) is not very good and if you have had an Android or smart phone highly recommend you Do Not purchase this phone.  If you want something simple like this and if your with ATT it may work well for you.  It is not a good fit for Consumer Cellular.

Gee my first QWERTY cell phone. Arrived promptly.Minus the SIMS card. Four adults were at the table when I opened the package. Zip on the SIMS card.Phone needs to be charged before use. Oops, connector for charger is scary tight fit. Ridiculously difficult fit.After purchasing a SIMS card, phone workedGHreat CVellular. The four friends all tried to send a text as did I. Adjacent keys stick. Even used an ultra fine point eraser pencil (the one with no lead - the center &#34;lead&#34; is the rubber eraser).How many strikes does it take to declare this critter &#34;OUT!&#34;?I purchased this cellular because of the good reviews here on Amazon. Too bad it's now 700 miles deep down in Mexico.Call it &#34;A Learning Experience&#34;

i love those phones.I bought two of them as a gift and it look very new.I am satisfied.It is just a simple phone and very cheap.
