
hello, when you purchase this lei team was cdma and gsm, this week the team landed me here and it turns out to Venezuela passage which is a Chinese version is not only cdma gsm and cdma here in my country is not working, I lost my money, and return the phone to America goes EXTREMELY expensive, thank you find a solution to this problem because the phone does not help me at all

I've been using this cell phone for over a month now and I'm satisfied with it.  It has a very nice graphical user interface, fast, and it doesn't give me any trouble at all when making phone calls, as opposed to the HTC cell phone I just replaced.  Only one thing I don't like about it is that it will always revert back to the Samsung keyboard whenever I restart the cell phone, instead of another keyboard I purchased from the Play Store.The battery life is not too bad.

It offers everything it advertises and really performs quite well. I used this phone to document my scientific time travels and it really held together quite well in the time space continuum. I strongly recommend. STRONGLY.

This isn't so much a review of the phone as it is the seller (shopcelldeals) and Amazon.  My girlfriend has had this exact same phone for about 6 months, loves it, and paid a whole lot more for it than I did here. Phone arrived on the exact day the estimate said it would, and I had it activated on Virgin Mobile's web site in a matter of about 10 or 15 minutes after unpacking the box, by simply hitting their web site and following the prompts for swapping phones.  Can't ask for much more than that from Amazon, shopcelldeals, or Virgin Mobile itself.  Kudos to all three.As to the phone itself, it is an upgrade for me from a Kyocera Rise, this is day one, and it's my first phone without a physical keyboard, so it's a learning curve.  By now you should have read the reviews of it on Virgin's web site (as I have), and already know what to expect.  The phone did a system update almost immediately after powering it on the first time, and I'm just getting up to speed with the apps I had installed on my old phone.  So far it seems quick and responsive, I like the slightly larger (4.0&#34;) screen, and the 4 or 5 games I've installed so far run with no issues.  Point being... don't worry about Amazon and shopcelldeals... you'll get what you ordered.

I am so frustrated with this phone. I bought it for my daughter and after downloading so apps she ran out of memory. I paid over $40 dollars for a 16GB card and you can't even transfer the apps over!! How stupid is that. WHy would they do that??!! After spending over $70 plus $40 I should have just got another phone that doesn't limit how many apps you can have on your phone. That's the biggest thing this days, being able to download apps, so why would they sell a phone that only lets you download less than 2 GB worth of apps. WASTE OF MONEY!

I like the features. It's a cool little cell phone. The only problem I have had with this phone is the battery. It turns off unexpectedly for no reason. Sometimes it does it for awhile and other times it is totally fine. The battery drains very easiily. I have 2 batteries for it and uses both up way too fast. If that didn't happen it would be the best phone. Though I would replace it with another Samsung again.

This phone is very easy to use, and the battery is long-lasting.  It's only self-booted on me twice in the several months that I've had it and I've never had to remove the back, remove the battery, and restart it like all of my old cell phones.  It's a great size and the camera with flash has very good quality as well.  I'm very happy with this phone.

This was for a teenager who loves everything about it! Maybe this one will last a while longer too. It seems to be easy to use as well as durable.

This phone is okay but would be a great phone if there was some way to put apps. on my sd card.

Very simple and snappy phone I dont get 4G LTE BECAUSE OF WHERE I LIVE SO ITS OKAY MOST OF THE TIME!!#!##!

This phone was the great. I just got it yesterday and the galaxy lay-out is GORGEOUS. What made it even better was the price!

I got this phone and it was working fine for like the first day, then the battery started dying every 5 hours and when i make or receive a call, the phone makes this strange buzzing sound in my ear and the person on the other end. i have to carry my charger with everywhere i go because this phone;s battery life sucks...despite having charged it completely before use

I have nothing but good things to say about the phone, it has to be one of the best phones I ever .

Why didn't I get this earlier??? I had a smaller phone that was an Android but I couldn't see the screen.  I was glad I only spent $80 for the phone and it's so easy to use the phone!!

Love this phone!  We have 4 Galaxy Victories in our family, and one Galaxy S2.  Never had a single problem with any of the Victories, and only a couple of issues with the S2.  At the holiday price of $125, this was a steal!

I bought my phone through Virgin Mobile's web site. I know, my first mistake. I tried the phone and it was a very nice phone but I just couldn't get reception in my house and I need that. So I try to return the phone. 42 mins and 7 reps from Virgin Mobile later, I finally got the correct address to return the phone to.If you never have to deal with Virgin Mobile customer service, then you should be ok. But you have been warned if you do need customer service. you'll need plenty of patience and interpreting skills.I should have bought the phone on amazon. Returns are so easy with them.Good phone, lousy reception where I live, horrible customer service at Virgin Mobile.

Not what i wanted expected more out of the phone you have to have a contracy just to use it

Samsung makes great phones, they make an android phone shine. I would not buyanything but samsung.It's not terribly fast, so install an app killer to keep memory free.Great for music.Battery life as a gps is maybe an hour. GPS drains the battery like nothing.As a phone, it can go days and days without needing a charge.

I love my phone, I always wanted to have an Android Phone. It have a lots of features, one is navigation. Was a good buy with no contract, I can get and unlimited plan with data, message, text. I think I found a good deal.

Bought this for my GF's birthday, she needed a new phone but is a novice user so an iPhone or Nexus would be too much for her. This is a fantastic, &#34;budget&#34; Galaxy phone with a tons of apps and features and she's thrilled with it. It's not too complex for her and the battery life has been great, can usually go 2 days without having to charge it (her old phone - LG Optimus Elite - would only last about a half day before the battery died). Great phone for the price.

Other sites including the main VM site and certain big name retail stores sell this phone for $149.99. Getting a dual core dual front/back camera mobile phone for $77 brand new in a factory sealed box is a heck of a deal though I had to wait a week longer for it to ship due to inventory shortage. Unfortunately, I had to upgrade from a $25 monthly plan to a $35 monthly plan due to the upgrade but it's worth it. This phone does so much more than my old Optimus V. Actual screen measures exactly 4 inches. phone is 5 1/4 inches. Big enough to type with my XL fingers yet small enough to fit in standard front shirt pockets and most snowboarding jacket audio/mobile device pockets. Plays video/audio from all websites I've visited. No problems surfing the web under 4G. Camera works and has a flasher/led light. The phone as is doesn't allow you to port internal SD apps to an external micro SD card but there are ways around this although it may void your cell's warranty. You simply, root/jail break the phone. There are hundreds of forums/videos on the web that tells you how to do this but it's all done in the same fashion and they are even under Virgin mobile and Samsungs own web forums.

awesome phone guys i truly recomend this phone mostly because of the 4g LTE and the dual core procecer  woth the 80 bucks

This phone seems comparable to an SIII. I absolutely love this phone. Well worth the money. As long as you download the Google Keyboard, then you're set.Purchased tbe phone from Amazon and I got the phone in two days on the 3-5 day plan. Very pleased with that.

Great 4G phone, fast processor wonderful screen. With the $35 month for 300 minutes and unlimited text and data and the low price of this phone I have a state of the art 4G smartphone and service for under $500 a year, tell that to your Verizon and ATT friends that spend 3 and 4 times that for the same service.

Very nice phone. Very fast compared to my old galaxy reverb. Very nice looking screen. Also for people wondering, because I did not see anything about this. The MUSIC QUALITY is very good on this phone. Make sure you set up the built in equilizer to your liking as the default normal presest is not the best sounding.

This phone is perfect for me.  I haven't had any problems with it.  Some people stated that it goes off quickly, but there is a setting that you can adjust which will make the light stay on longer.  I also like Virgin Mobil.  I haven't had any service problems at this point.

you cannot utilize the sd card on your phone.  there is no way to send anything there.  the only purpose I have seen so far is to preload music and use it that way.  What a shame!!

It is a good piece of device. The screen is crisp and clear and as usual. I love the design and the fact that it runs on Android 4.2.

The phone has a MUCH MUCH better battery life than the HTC EVO 3D crap I had before and the micro SD card I just got allows me to put ALL and I mean ALL of my music on there.  I like the size of it and the feel and so far so good.  Samsung makes a good product, I much prefer it to the EVO and I had an iphone before and they are very similar in function, just install the apps you want and go.

this phone has better battery life gets better 4G service it comes with jellybean pre installed and has lots of app storage so you can fit almost 2 gigs worth of apps onto it. It takes great picturesand games runs very smoothly

I got this phone as an upgrade from my LG Optimus V(several years old) on Virgin mobile. I decided to upgrade for a few reasons: My old phone was outdated and I kept running out of memory for apps. The old andriod(2.1 I believe?) was running slow and many newer updated apps would crash, the battery life was awful, and it only was on 3G.This phone has basically fixed most of my complaints about my old phone. The new OS runs smooth. Hopefully this continues and doesn't slow down too much as time goes on. I can install all the apps I want and they actually run. I still have plenty of space left too for the future. The battery seems great. I was always scared before to sleep with my old phone off the charger incase a call came in and I used it as an alarm. I haven't had any phantom battery drops and the option to view how you've used the battery seems to be accurate as on my old phone it would say like 55% of battery was used by the camera when I took one picture.I am also a big fan of the upgrades in the swype technology and it works much better than on my old phone. I also am very happy with the screen size. It seems very close to the Iphone 5. I can still type of the phone using one hand. I think the screens are too big on the SII and other models. It still feels small in my pocket, just a little longer.My one complaint so far is the 4G LTE. I have yet to see 4G LTE speeds and I live in an area that shows complete coverage by the 4G LTE map. No where in town have I seen this. I work in the downtown loop of Chicago which also shows full coverage and I am not getting it. Most of the time I am still on the 3G network. I sometimes get the 4G but I haven't seen LTE yet. Hopefully this changes. It kind of bothers me that I knew my phone rate would go up to $35 from $25 but I justified this by having better data coverage and I have yet to see it. I have not had any issues with the cellular service in terms of making/receiving calls.The phone is great, my only issues have been the 4G LTE (or lack of) service. I would recommend this phone for sure to those looking for an upgrade.

Awesome value, Also having free delivery is very good too, also its very easy to activate and choose your rate plan online.

It seems to get the job done.  The memory needs to be a litter bigger but over all its ok

I love everything about this phone so far. It works great and has excellent battery life. I would definitely recommend!

I am a hacker at heart and this phone was relatively easy to root and add custom ROM too, It is not the 3 day process of HTC and not the one click of LG, the speed in 4g in Baltimore metro area (cabbie driving 200-300 miles a day) is amazing around 7-10 mps on 4g. using newest PRL and updating every 3 days!! custom Rom is called Victorious ROM + VaeVictus OC kernel (Updated 7-30-13), the only reason for the 4 stars this is a brick, very little style and very thick, I can not speak to the battery life as it has most always been on a charger (tether)...

I have had this phone for well over a year now and within about 2 months, I started having problems. My boyfriend got the exact same phone and has the exact same problems. In the middle of some apps, the phone will restart itself. I've even had it do so once when I wasn't doing anything on the phone. I'll be listening to my music and suddenly every single song cannot be played because my phone says the music player doesn't recognize the format even though I've listened to every single song on my phone before. Restarting the phone fixes that problem. Also, Samsung apparently no longer wants you to move any of your apps to your SD card. To do so you'd have to root the phone or something and then download an app that will do it and the phone only has 2GB of storage, so I keep having to delete things. My music also will not go straight to the SD card, I have to go into &#34;My Files&#34; to move my music over every single time I download a new song. Also recently, the phone will not come on when my alarm is going off. The sound is going off and the vibration is going off, but the phone is black and does not light up. I have to unlock the phone to get to the alarm to turn it off or on snooze which is a pain in the morning when you are half asleep. I have not been successful in finding out how to use my own music as a ringtone, even ringtones I created with a ringtone maker. You can only select from what is already on the phone.The pros are that the camera seems pretty darn good and I like being able to take panorama photos. Not long after I got the phone, I started getting 4G in many places. The screen quality is nice as well. It's an Android so there's that...I would not recommend this phone. Get something that lets you move apps to your SD card because it will save you TONS of space. I mean, I bought a 32GB memory card when I bought the phone not knowing that, so now I have all this space on my SD card but no way to put the important things onto it. I've heard great things about the HTC One but have yet to try it. I wouldn't recommend Samsung AT ALL...everyone is telling me that the App to SD feature isn't available on any of their phones anymore.

Happy with this phone , a huge step up from the HTC one that I had,Battery life is good and the 4G is so much faster.Keyboard takes a little getting used to, and it is a bit slippery to hold.Very Happy so far

Been with Virgin Mobile for years and always hated their phones but once I got the LG Optimus V... I never looked back. Then came the Samsung Reverb, which i never actually got to use because all it did was consistently turn if self off and after three days of frustration I decided to return it, then just as I was about to get the same phone I came across the Victory. This is a nice phone which is comfortable to handle, it has great features and Android 4.1 Jelly Bean. I was able to set up the phone with no issues and transfer all my apps, games, music and pictures with ease.*UPDATE* Dropped my Rating from 5 to 3 but not for the phone. VirginMobile USA does not allow you to use your phone outside the USA, so if you travel and want access to your phone go with a provider who uses GSM instead of CDMA.

I have bought it but in the next day a part of it was damaged, it wasn't charging, so  I was made to buy it

I am really pleased with this phone.  I did not want to spend a fortune, but wanted to update my old phone.  I love that I only pay $35 a month for my service.  I am limited on talk time, but I've never exceeded my limit.  It does everything I need (Facebook, weather, work and home email) and then some!  I would highly recommend!

Wonderful phone.  Only drawback is the on board storage.  Other wise its as good as some of the other more pricey phones.  If you don't need a pocket size computer to carry around and just a good all out phone with some extras....give it a try.  At the price I paid....I am happy!!

Nice phone for Wifi and at least a signal strength of midway for using the web. The phone does have one drawback. It sucks the battery power in very little time and the bottom case does get hot from the battery.

Totally am satisfied with this phone. It came before its arrival date and was packaged to the highest quality. I would recommend this phone to anyone.

This is my 3rd smart phone.  It's like driving a Cadillac compared to an junker...seriously. Super fast, user friendly, and overall I really like this phone.  Not sure if I can block incoming calls with it as my other 2 phones did...just hoping I haven't figured it out is the problem lol.  Instructions say nothing on the subject and can't find any answers online soooo...that's why it got a 4 outta 5 stars

I recently upgraded from a LG Optimus (Virgin Mobile) to the Galaxy Victory. I spent a long time looking at reviews and ultimately decided that for the $250 I was willing to spend on a no-contract phone, the Samsung Galaxy Victory was the best choice. I could have certainly spent more on it's bigger, faster brother, the Galaxy S III but I couldn't justify spending $500 on a smartphone.The Victory is a very good middle ground choice in smartphones. It offers a decent processor with long battery life, 4G LTE, Android, clear sound, bright screen with impressive clarity and color, and is overall an attractive less-bulky little brother to the Galaxy S.The Pros:- Battery life. This puppy holds a charge. I rarely hit less than 45% battery life by the end of the day and usually am somewhere about 58%. I even tend to do a lot of Facebook messaging which drains the battery.- Size/feel in the hand. This is always important to me as someone with smaller hands. When I tried out different phones at Best Buy, so many of the more expensive phones were HUGE in my hands. So much so that using them one-handed felt odd and difficult. The Victory fits easily in the hand and, while not super thin, does not feel bulky or cumbersome to use.- Screen quality/clarity. The screen displays everything brightly and crisply. It is easy to read (although slightly small for large amounts of text), responsive, and generallyCons:- Storage is scarce. Get a SD card (if you don't already have one) and make it as big as you can afford. It doesn't solve the problem of the annoying lack of built-in storage but it'll help.- Key response is slow. The home keys at the bottom edge of the phone are somewhat annoying in their lag time. I frequently find myself double-hitting the home key (which brings up the voice search) because it lags in returning me to my home key.- Bloatware. The Virgin Mobile version of this phone comes with the standard annoying Virgin mobile bloatware. It also comes with a bonus round of Samsung bloatware you will never use because of all the better options out there.

I was very excited and loved this phone until I listened to XM or Pandora with a headphone. Almost intolerable noise. Replaced the phone but sadly the the replacement - although not as bad, is very unpleasant to listen to. I tried 2 different headphones that sounded just fine with my old phone. Very disappointed.

I'm enjoying this phone very much as it's my first smartphone, but I have to call BS on the 720p video. Samsung is simply lying putting that in the specs. Sure, it can create a video file with a resolution of 1280x720, but it's blurry crap. The actual visible detail is significantly less than my Cannon camera's 640x480 video. Looking closely at a high contrast edge in a "720p" video, the image is obviously a doubling and softening of 640x360. Interpolating to a higher resolution is a useful feature -- it turns ugly pixellated video into just blurry video -- but it ain't 720p. The specs should say 640x360 video with interpolation to 720p. But even that would be stretching the truth because the focus is so bad that even at 320x240, sharp edges are a little soft. (I did use the highest compression quality, superfine, during my testing.) The front-facing camera may actually be sharper, but it only shoots at 15fps. At least the 5mp photos are sharp right down to the individual pixels.It has a 4" diagonal (actual viewing area) 480x800 multi-touch screen and a 1.2GHz 32-bit dual core processor.I copied 1,613,885,440 bytes to it in 1m50s over "high speed" USB 2.0. That's 14.67 million bytes/sec or 14MB/s.Without activating the Virgin Mobile service, the phone can still do everything except phone calls and texts. (And you can even do that, sort of, with VoIP apps over WiFi.) You can copy media to it over the USB cable. You can access the Web and the app store over WiFi. It can even be used as a GPS device. The free app NavFree lets you download map data for any US state and several countries and navigate without cell service. It only tries to activate cell service once each time it is powered on from being completely shut down, and you can just hit the cancel button.The audio quality from the 3.5mm headphone jack is somewhere between a cassette tape and CD. It doesn't have crisp high end even with the equalizer cranked. But that's actually above average even among dedicated MP3 players last time I checked. The built-in speaker is good enough to listen to spoken word material. Interestingly, it has microphones on either end and, when it shoots video, it records in real stereo at 48kHz and 128kbps.The 2gb limit on app storage could be a problem for some. It can use a microSD card (externally accessible, up to 32gb) but only to store music, videos, photos, etc.... (Some apps can store some of their data on the card. For example, NavFree lets you put your map data on the card.) But remember, when you buy an app from the Google store you can download it again without paying again. So you can delete a big game after finishing it and download it again months later to play again. There seem to be different memory set-ups. Mine came with 2gb of ROM and 2gb of RAM. Much of the software that comes with it seems to be on the ROM. It looks like less than 100mb of RAM is used by pre-installed stuff. Mine reports 1.73gb (1,857,573,356 bytes) total memory.Video playing tests:It plays 720x400 video @ 24fps compressed with h.264 @ 800kbps.It plays 1264x704 video @ 30fps compressed with h.264 @ 938kbps.It plays 1920x1040 video @ 24fps compressed with h.264 @ 1878kbps.Even though the screen doesn't have HD resolution, being able to play HD video without re-compressing is very convenient.With no running apps and the screen turned off (but the phone still powered up) the battery will last for days. Demanding apps can drain the battery in a few hours though. There's no reason to turn it off at night. Just put it on charge. It takes 35 seconds to start up from a completely powered down state.It doesn't come with a separate charger and USB cable. The charger has a large USB port on it. The single cable connects the phone to your computer or to the charger. It can charge from your PC's USB port, but not as quickly as from the charger. The phone has a micro-USB port, the smallest of the 3 flat sizes.The LED flash is very bright and even. It includes a widget flashlight button that turns it into a nice flashlight.The battery can be replaced by the user, though I don't think the delicate cover would survive daily battery swaps for long.It is slippery, but you can get an Aimo padded shell for it for $6 here on Amazon.

My daughter loves this phone!

OK, some of you are thinking, man up and just use Google.  Well, I'm sick of these corporate behemoths sending our personal information to the NSA Stasi spy centers.  Ogle, I mean Google is one of the guiltiest electronic peeping Toms and I am manning up by saying NO. My previous phone, Optimus V works fairly well with Yahoo mail running without Google apps.  Why am I being forced to run everything through Google?  Yes, I have tried to load Amazon apps (wouldn't download) and I have called Virgin Mobile twice with no results. So, the alternative is Apple and I think they are just as guilty as Ogle.  It's like a monopoly, however, we may call it a duopoly where 2 companies dominate an industry, limit choices and implement totalitarian measures, ie. large scale electronic snooping without a warrant. Folks it is illegal, unconstitutional and downright immoral.  The phone has some nice features including a long lasting battery, but I'm thinking I should probably go back to my little Optimus V.  Watch - [...]Update: After clearing out the memory card, I tried again to download the Amazon Apps Appstore hoping I would be able to avoid running my Yahoo mail through Google.  This time it took and once loaded, I was able to download Yahoo mail from Amazon Apps for free.  It's working! I feel more confident with Amazon because of their stated respect for privacy... we'll see.Anyway, the phone is quite nice and a step up from my old Optimus V.  Bigger screen, better battery life, greater memory potential(32GB) with memory card. Touchscreen keyboard often indicates wrong letters on small board.  I'll raise it to 3 stars.  While a user can get around using Google apps, it's almost as if you're being forced to use Ogle I mean Google with this phone.

Great phone. I moved from Wisconsin to Colorado and it switched signal fine, better even, now have 4g. Fast phone good graphics. Wi-Fi turns in constantly this is very irritating though.

Love this phone, the only annoyance so far is that it merged all my e-mail contacts with my regular contacts. did not want that and did not ask for that......The battery lasts much longer than the one did on my old phone.  Still trying to learn about all the features and get my old ringtone back!

The shipping was fast and the phone does look nice too bad the touch screen was unresponsive and didnt work neither did the bottom buttons.

Well so far I luv my android phone since I can't really afford to have a phone on a contract I luv the freedom of not having to pay a to be on a contract. I am amazed with all the features on this phone.

Not being the most heavy of smartphone users (particularly where the "phone" aspect is concerned), I felt that switching to a non-contract plan would be the best option financially. My previous smartphone had also conveniently decided to go spastic on me before dying a very unrespectable death. The Samsung Galaxy Victory, offered by Virgin Mobile, seemed to be a good value. As some cursory research provided some assurance that this phone would not try the last poor and fragile nerve I possess for gadgetry too terribly, I went ahead and ordered it.I've had this phone for nearly a month now and overall I am pleased with my purchase. The speeds and call quality are great, as is the battery life much to my pleasant surprise. It takes forever to charge, but my expectations are not too high in that area anyway. I've done everything I usually do on a smartphone without hassle, including texting, web surfing and backup mirror duty for those occasional bouts of narcissism. Those who are seeking ultra superior camera performance may want to look elsewhere. Still, it's fine and dandy enough for taking decent photos and videos of random blah and my cat to post for the benefit of mildly interested parties on Facebook. Settings are adjustable and I particularly enjoy the panorama option included with Jelly Bean.My major complaint - and the one that seems the most common - is the lack of internal storage space and no ability to transfer apps to an SD card. At the moment this is not a pressing problem, but I would have appreciated the option. For this reason I've docked one star. I could also go on and on about the bloatware, which has always been the bane of my smartphone-using existence, but that isn't an issue specific to this phone, manufacturer or service provider and, alas, seems to be losing battle all around.Ultimately it's a pretty good deal for a budget smartphone.

Let's keep it simple, you won't find a better phone for this price. So go for it! You won't be dissapointed.

Used to replace higher end phone for child who dropped and broke their phone.  This is a terrific value relative to the selling price.  Samsung quality and 4G LTE.  I couldn't find anything in this price range with these features.  Time will tell if it is durable but I suspect it will be from my previous experience with Samsung handsets.  So far it is fantastic.

I previously owned the Optimus V and the HTC One V. This Samsung has more power and functionality than both of the other phones combined. LOVE this phone.

This phone is terrible! The whole thing is a glitch! The touchscreen hardly works, it makes you down load its own samsung apps that I don't want it need, I would not recommend it.

Great deal on a great phone. I was an existing virgin mobile subscriber so switching phones was a breeze. 15 mins on their website and it was all set. Had the LG optimus elite before his and the difference is huge. 4g works great here all over the new england area. This phone was $200 on the virgin site. Great deal

Great phone!!  Prior to this phone I was using the Kyocera EVENT- and oh boy what an event-!  I was so frustrated with the Event, I was desperately seeking another reasonable price reliable phone!  I am so happy I purchased the Galaxy Victory!  There are so many positive things I can say about it compared to the Event.  The battery life is the best!  Awesome text messaging system, great applications it also has Samsung applications.  It's just a great phone all around I have not had any problems thus far.  I would recommend this phone to any one wanting a reliable virgin mobile for a reasonable price.

Very pleased with this phone!.Lots of apps  and does everything I need it to do.I Wish you could store apps on a usb card but there is plenty of room.I installed a 16gb card and use it for movies,pics and music.it synchs up with my ford truck well and I have hours and hours of music.Great battery life.Yes I would recommend this phone!.

One month into ownership I discovered this phone was great at one thing: putting itself into weird modes. If you're lucky, it'll just be &#34;safe mode,&#34; and you'll just have to pull the battery out. If you're unlucky, it'll be &#34;emergency call&#34; mode, and you'll have to do a factory reset. Which wipes out everything. Oh, but it's easy to restore -- you just have to re-download every app you want, re-type in all your passwords, etc., etc., etc.This phone is cheap. It's also a POS. I'd paint numbers on a rock before I'd buy this again.

Got this for $100 less than what everyone else wanted.Samsung Galaxy + Dual Core processor = Great phone for the money.

We are in an area where we have borderline service from VM's Sprint Network. My previous phone had unreliable reception. The reception on this phone is much better. Easy to use, fits well in a shirt pocket and the best part:  I saved $100.00 by purchasing it from the Amazon.com supplier rather that from Virgin Mobile or Wal-Mart.

I really loved the phone, it exceeded my expectations. The part i loved the most was when i ordered it. IT CAME THE VERY NEXT MORNING. It was incredible, quality and affordability.  (:

Despite the descriptions at other online retailers, the Virgin Mobile version of this phone does not allow for the Mobile HotSpot plan. I cannot understand why Sprint would turn-off the feature for Virgin Mobile customers purchasing their flagship LTE prepaid phone while at the same time allowing the Spring postpaid version and other Virgin Mobile WIMAX phones to be used as a HotSpot. This is not a knock on Samsung (the phone is great as other reviewers have already stated) -- my gripe is with Sprint/Virgin Mobile.

I got this phone for my daughter so I don't have details. She says she loves it. I can't give it 5 stars because I don't use it myself and I'm sure it's got some limitations. If anything, I'd say battery life might be an issue. It seems it doesn't make it through the day. She does a lot more texting than talking. Doesn't play games but listens to a lot of youtube music videos which may explain the premature battery drain. It was a great deal, though, and I would recommend it.

If you're reading this, then you are trying to make a decision like I was about 2 months ago. My LG Optimus V was giving up. It came down to this Samsung and another LG. I had just gotten a Samsung tablet and liked the idea that this phone and the tab went hand in hand. So, I decided to get the Victory. I has been great! The storage issue people have complained about is related to Jelly Bean and not the device. What will go onto the external SD card works just fine. I've only downloaded a few apps that I have a use for. The bottom line is, if you are looking for an SIII/S4 or 5, this isn't it but it is a fantastic little phone on it's own. I have no problems with the camera(s), even got a great camera app other than the one it has which is good. Battery life is exceptional! The size is perfect and I am satisfied. Unfortunately, my area has not gone to Sprint's 4G LTE yet. Even so, it's doing fine on 3G and I have the Wi-Fi active so I pick up my network as well as others I trust when I'm out. The sound on calls is very good. I really don't think you can go wrong with this phone.Pros: Battery, Sound, Operation, Size, PriceCons: None yet.

My only regret is that it will not connect to my Smart TV, nor will it allow you to put any of the Apps on the SD card.

Hard to text, use to my other one with a pull out alphabet.  My fingers are a bit too large for this set up.  Getting use to it, though.

This phone was a huge upgrade from my LG Optimus.I love everything about this phone.It is fast.It is a great size, fits in my pocket without being bulky.The screen size and resolution is great.Battery life is great.It takes nice pictures.Lots of space for apps.There is nothing about this phone that I dislike.Check out the reviews on the Virgin Mobile website.This is the best value available right now.

Had I not been forced to use this phone I would have returned it the moment I got it. I strongly dislike it.The call quality is horrible, I will frequently have to hang up and call people back, which was never a problem with my old phone (same place I'm calling from.)The texting is annoying, the interet app is subpar, the speed is not good. In short, the whole thing sucks. DO NOT GET unless it is an absolute nessessity.

I'm a very frugal individual and don't like to pay more for things than I have to. That's one reason I love AMAZON. (I'll be waiting for my check Amazon...) When it comes to cellphones I like to have some bells and whistles but not pay premium prices for them. Virgin Mobile's $35 unlimited data, text and 300 minutes plan is a great deal for me. The only draw back to the no contract plans is that you have to buy your phone upfront. As long as you keep your cellphone for more than a year though you will save lots of money over even the cheapest $65 and up plans. I wanted a nice Smartphone to replace my Optimus Slider. This phone is a great upgrade from that. I won't go into all of the details since you can see what it has but for the price, it is a great new android phone.

let me start off by saying that in the description it says &#34;battery backdoor not included&#34; . which i was unsure at first about getting. but IT DOES COME WITH A BATTERY BACKDOOR COVER. i have no clue why it says it doesn't when it clearly does.but other then that ( which wasn't even a minus) this phone is perfect! i absolutely love it. i pick up WiFi really easily and even some that i didn't even notice before. i think the only problem you would face with the phone is the memory and ram. i would suggest getting a 8gb or 16 gb micro sd card. ( only around 5 bucks on amazon with free shipping). and the fact you would be paying $200 at Walmart or $200 something on the virgin mobile website this is a steal! i definitely recommend getting this phone! haven't had a single problem with it.

all new phones are hard to get around, but this phone is nice to look at, the front page is not too crowded, just overall nice.

Good phone for the price meets all my needs wasnt anyrhing i wasnt abke to do that I wanted to

Purchased this phone as a replacement for my 13 year old son.. He loves it. He uses it mostly to watch videos on uTube..

but one problem u can move ur apps on to ur sd card with this phone but other than that its a great phone

Ok for the price.

Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE L300 Prepaid Android Phone for Virgin Mobile.Great phone for a great price.  Many of the same features as Galaxy-S series phones for far less money.  I like it and recommend it.

I recently got tired of listening to my wife complain about how slow the VM/Sprint network was, and about how she couldn't get service inside of her work (a metal building). We both have Evo V 4Gs and I've been mostly pleased with mine, and she liked hers except for the service, but for her the service was a killer. She was about to go out and get an on-contract phone from one of the big carriers, and she was prepared to spend alot of money on it. We have been on VM for a couple of years now and I've been fairly pleased (impossible to beat the value, IMHO) and I really didn't want her getting tied up in a contract with a phone that would end up being obsolete halfway through the contract. And then I saw the new Galaxy Victory using Sprint's 4G LTE network. I did a little research and found that they have 4G service in our area and are currently upgrading their network, so I went ahead and got her this one as a gift...She loves it. It solves all of the problems she was having with the 3G service. We have Wimax in our area too but there is simply no comparison between the 4G LTE and the 4G Wimax (with the Evos), much less 3G. The 4G LTE works in her work building, the Wimax doesn't, and the 3G is slow there. Using the Speedtest app I have been able to consistently clock in anywhere from 12-17 mbps download speed with the Galaxy Victory, and I haven't found a spot yet in our city that doesn't get 4G. In comparison, the Evo V 4G maxed out at 7.7 mbps, with typical speeds in the 2-3 mbps range. Page loading isn't instant on either device, but it is VERY fast on the Victory, usually anywhere from 2-5 seconds. The Wimax is much better than 3G obviously, but coverage is very spotty and unreliable, and it gets blown out by the 4G LTE. Typical 3G speeds in my area were usually about 300-500 kbps, so the 4G LTE is typically anywhere from 25 to 60 times as fast as 3G. There is no comparison, and it is immediately noticeable. The 4G LTE just takes it to a whole new level.The phone itself is snappy enough with 1GB of RAM and a 1.2GHz dual-core processor. Not top of the line but certainly fast enough for anything short of very high-end gaming. The onboard storage is a bit thin at 4GB with only about 1.7GB of user storage, but it does have a microSD slot and with a 32GB card in there (cheap nowadays) there is plenty of room. Note that Apps2SD doesn't work on it, so you really are limited to that 1.7GB for your apps. But it should be plenty of space for the large majority of users. Just get a storage card for your music, movies, pics etc and leave the phone storage for apps and you will be GTG.The GPS seems perfectly adequate. It was able to acquire a fix within about 5-7 seconds consistently, and with 4G the maps load very fast. It gets a fix indoors fairly quickly as well. GPS Status app showed me getting 17 satellites indoors in an upstairs room when I checked it.The camera is nothing to write home about, but it's not terrible either. Seems to be a bit picky about what sort of light it takes pics in. With adequate light the pictures come out clear and fairly crisp, in a dim room the flash, while illuminating enough to get a picture, seems to blur things a bit. The camera is perfectly functional and pics are usually decent, but if you're buying a phone for a great camera look elsewhere. (ETA - a little more playing around with the camera and I am more impressed; while still not a great camera it is definitely serviceable. It does have about a 2-3 second shutter delay though, my only real gripe). If you want a great camera then you probably ought to be reading reviews for cameras...Call quality sounded really bad the first phone call I made, but after that it sounds just fine. I had read about that same phenomenon in a review somewhere, but it seems a problem with activation or adjustment, and it resolved itself almost immediately. I can hear others fine and they can hear me fine. Also, the speakers sound perfectly fine (for phone speakers) and I have not experienced any problems with audio quality as reported in another review.The phone comes loaded with Jellybean, Android 4.1.2 OS. If you've used ICS then you will be right at home with Jellybean, and it seems to run a bit smoother. With Jellybean and 4G LTE this phone is pretty much future proof (as much as any phone can be, I guess), so no need to worry about it quickly becoming obsolete, it will be GTG for at least a year or so, probably longer. Having Google Now and S Voice (slightly redundant) are nice, too, and the S Beam / NFC is neat if you know someone with a compatible phone.My wife and I both prefer smaller phones. I am not at all interested in carrying around one of those little tablets that they call phones nowadays like the Victory's larger cousins, and I prefer something iPhone-sized without the Apple in it. The Victory is perfectly sized. The 4.0" screen is just large enough I think for whatever you want to do, but not too big to use with one hand. The screen is not the most crisp out there but it's not bad either. A previous reviewer said he went back to the HTC One V (which I used for quite awhile) and I don't get it, this screen is no less crisp than the One V's and the phone's performance is light years better in every way. Some reviews call this phone too thick but I don't see it. It is only too thick if you're expecting Galaxy S4 thinness - which I don't feel is necessary anyway. The phone feels good in the hand to me.Couple of minor dings here. The stock keyboard is terrible. Not a big deal, download Swiftkey app (or Thumbs Keyboard, or whatever keyboard app you prefer) and problem solved. Also, there is some bloatware on the phone but it's not excessive and doesn't really get in the way. When I first bought the phone I had it on wifi for a few hours downloading apps before activating, and when I finally activated the phone it performed a factory reset after updating, which was sort of annoying. The phone also rebooted itself over and over at first, maybe a dozen times, and lots of apps were force closing, but all of that stopped with the update; until then it was pretty annoying and I thought I'd gotten a lemon. After the update the phone is butter smooth and running without a hiccup. I would just advise that if this happens when you first get it be patient and let it get fully activated and updated before you freak out and send it back, as the updates seem to have fixed everything.All in all, this was a great upgrade from the Evo V. When considering this and the Galaxy S2 it was no contest for us; the hardware was pretty much a wash, and the phone size of the Victory was much preferred. Most importantly, the S2 uses Wimax, which gets blown away by the 4G LTE. The 4G LTE is IMHO reason enough alone to get this phone - it is simply fantastic. The phone itself is maybe 3.5-4 stars; it gets 5 stars from me because the 4G LTE network is really a quantum leap forward for the VM line. It blows everything before it out of the water, and puts you on the same plane as most on-contract users. I will be getting a Victory for myself soon. The VM offerings certainly have come a long way.Word is that the Samsung Galaxy S3 is coming soon to VM, and many might want to wait for that. If you like big phones I'd recommend waiting for it, because spec-wise it blows everything else away and will use the 4G LTE network. If you don't like big phones, though, then it's really hard to beat this one; A good description of it would be that it's like a smaller, slightly lower-speced Galaxy S3. I've gone the big phone route before and have since come back; I don't like having them in my pocket or on belt, and I like to be able to use my phone one-handed. This one fits the bill. Other than that, even considering spec differences, they all do basically the same stuff at this point, and the more powerful hardware is starting to reach a point where it's not too noticeable anyway unless you are doing high-end gaming.Be sure and check 4G LTE coverage in your area. Just Google "Sprint 4G LTE coverage map" and it'll come up.ETA 05/30/13: I couldn't resist it, went and bought myself one today. Activation was smooth as butter - first time ever in about 3 years of using VM that I have not had to call tech support to get it activated, the hands-free activation finally worked. I had none of the rebooting or other problems I experienced with my wife's phone. It recognized my 64GB storage card no problem. In a bottom floor room I am getting 3 bars on 4G with a Speedtest score of about 8 mbps down, and I go out on the balcony and with 4 bars I get 28 mbps down. Fantastic speed... Also, the battery is great. After a full day at work (9 hours total) with light usage I got home with a whopping 82% battery left over, the next day with fairly heavy usage I got home with 51% battery left. That is fantastic for an Android. I conditioned my battery twice before that, and I had to work to kill the battery before bedtime. I am overall very pleased with its performance, and I heartily recommend this one for anyone who wants REAL 4G LTE for cheap.ETA: 08/10/13: Everything is still running strong. Neither phone has had any significant issues. The 4G Network is still improving. There's simply no more affordable way to have 4G access with a decent smartphone right now. I haven't run into a single person on any other network who has similar features for a similar price. You can't beat this value.I'd still recommend this phone, especially since it's now $50 less than it was when I bought it.

It works when it wants to. Very frustrating.

I recently got one of these on sale for my wife. I've been using the Virgin Galaxy S3 for a while now, but that one's a bit too big for her tastes. We've thus transitioned from Virgin's HTC lineup to their Samsung line (previously having used the EVO V and One V respectively). In a nutshell, the Victory is the closest thing to the S3 that isn't as big or expensive. It is a strong compromise of relevant features and budget pricing.Some nice hardware features are a dedicated camera button and external micro-SD slot. On the S3 and EVO V, you need to remove the battery to take out the card; the Victory's side mounted slot is a lot more convenient. The Victory uses the exact same 2100 mAh battery as the S3, which gives it even longer battery life and also means you can use batteries interchangeably. It shares a lot of other features with the S3, including S-beam and NFC/Google Wallet, Android 4.1, 4G LTE, and the Samsung UI. I'm not a fan of all of Samsung's apps, but they do generally work well, and it's easy to install alternatives if you desire. It has enough CPU power and RAM to smoothly navigate menus and run apps.Downsides versus the S3 are a weaker rear camera and limited USB on-the-go support. I tried hooking up a few things that work on my S3, but the Victory seems to either need external power or simply lacks driver support for things like USB thumb drives. It does recognize that a USB device has been connected, but it fails to mount anything. As for the camera, it's both lower quality and a lot slower than the S3- it's comparable in quality and speed to the EVO V's. That isn't to say it's bad, but it simply isn't exceptional like the S3's. The Galaxy Victory also has considerably less onboard storage- 4 GB vs 16 GB, and with installed OS/apps only about 1.7 GB available. This is probably not an issue unless you're a gamer- if you are you probably should get the S3 if at all possible instead, as it's also a lot more powerful and has a larger screen. That said, the Victory's screen is smaller and not as high res, though the difference isn't hugely obvious. The Victory also lacks the S3's motion controls and special features like eye detection, though I've found most of those are more for fun than any real utility.Form-factor wise, the Victory is good. It's closest in dimensions to the EVO V- the same width and thickness but slightly shorter. Compared to the S3 it's about a half inch less in width, slightly thicker but lighter and nearly an inch shorter. The bottom part of the phone has a slightly raised lip in the rear that affords some grip. You'll probably want a case on this one though, as it does tend to be a bit slippery.The phone's screen is bright enough to be easily visible in most conditions and call quality is good. In areas with LTE coverage the network is very fast- a sight better than 3G or even the spotty WiMax that some like the EVO V use. The softkeys are touch-sensitive portions on the lower edge of the phone that light up and have raised symbols. However, unlike the S3 the home button is not a physical key and can't be used to wake up the device- you have to use the power button, which is located on the top right edge. It has physical volume keys and the battery back panel is a flush snap-on plastic piece.Overall, this is a good alternative to the Galaxy S3 if you don't have the budget for one and don't particularly care about downloading huge apps like games. It's of course not as good as the S3 in terms of hardware and functionality, but it's really not bad either- especially considering how much cheaper it is (at this writing, less than half the cost). It's also a lot more compact and comfortable for smaller hands. Bang for buck, it's definitely the better deal of the two and probably a better choice unless you absolutely must have a device with top performance and feature set.

way better than my last virgin mobile prepaid (LG) and was a lot cheaper. Great for the price point. Easy to use and set up. No complaints

I bought this phone to replace my Kyocera Event which was semi decent for a cheap phone but I needed something better.  I am a very tech oriented person but also do not like to spend hundreds of dollars on cell phones because I am prone to dropping or losing them.  I have previously had an LG Optimus V, a HTC one and during my brief stint with AT&T a Samsung Galaxy SIII.  This phone is worlds better quality wise than any of those phones except the SIII in which for obvious reasons it is identical.  The display quality is sharp and although the processor is only slightly better than the Kyocera and less than the SIII it is very quick and responsive.  Loved that it had many of the Samsung features I missed about my SIII such as Svoice and wireless data sync.  My only complaint with the SIII was that it was too large and bulky but this phone is just the right size for me.  I would have preferred a more physical home button like the SIII but the touch button on this is surprisingly responsive.  The speaker/sound quality is also very good. The front facing camera is not great as is the case with most phones,  but the rear facing camera is very nice for being only 5 MP would have guessed that it was more because the quality focus and flash compensate for it.  Overall for the price it is a great phone.  *Note I do see that some people complained about storage and not being able to migrate app data to sd card and I as of yet have not really messed with this because I use this more for data and pictures than apps but I will update once I test this.

Bought this for my wife for Christmas as an upgrade from a 3G Optimus. Size is perfect, speed is a huge improvement over her previous phone. Android OS is a lot less nosy than Apple, and easier to tweak to suit. Love the plan- $35 for 200 min talk + unlimited text and data.

Everything has been great so far. EXCEPT the in call volume! It blows out my ears! Totally a downer and I am returning mine and my husbands!

How do I put this in appropriate language?This phone is the absolute most pathetic attempt at technology I have ever seen.  It makes a 3G $30 Kyocera phone look like an engineering marvel.Let's start on the outside.  The screen is passable, exactly what you'd expect for the money.  The button placement is pretty standard, albeit incredibly annoying if you're like me and like to flip your phone sideways and watch videos, as any attempt to change volume will inevitably open the camera and stop your video.  The finish is what really gets me though.  The entire thing is cheap plastic.  This leads to the phone constantly slipping out of your hand, which is not good because the phone is incredibly fragile.  But really this is the least of my worries with this hunk of crap.As for the actual software on the phone, it is a Virgin mobile device, so you get all the standard useless crap on it like mobile IDs and the like, but if you've used Virgin mobile before you know the deal.  I can live with that.  The Samsung apps though?  They are not only useless, but they tend to randomly open with button presses related to other things.  I have never used any sort of voice to text program, why would I start just because it opens when you press home twice?  Oh and by the way you can't remove these without rooting AND they take up almost half of the 4GB of internal storage.Which brings us to the internal storage...4GB is what they claim...2GB is what you really have after they're done loading the phone with useless bloatware.  You can use a SD card, but you can not move your apps there and everything still automatically downloads to the internal storage.  Could I fix this?  Probably.  Is it unreasonable of me to expect the phone to do logical reasonable stuff out of the box?  I sure don't think so.The software is your standard outdated Andoird build.  Really don't care about that, but obviously some people will.  The real problem is the random opening/closing of apps/processes.  In less than a month the phone has also taken a liking to shutting down without any warning if you open a few tabs or something random.  Sometimes it works for days, other times it shuts down randomly multiple times in the day.Lastly, the service on this phone is incredibly sketchy.  Don't expect to have 4G coverage inside any building, and most of the time you'll be lucky to get 3G inside, even if you turn it to only search for CDMA coverage instead of 4G/LTE in settings.  I have never seen so many dropped signals with Virgin Mobile, not even on the slew of $30 Kyocera phones I owned before this.  I also had a ZTE Awe that I would recommend over this POS, it just doesn't have 4G...but I'm realizing that's irrelevant, since even when I can get 4G it spends half its time dropping 4G and switching back to 3G.In summation, the price on this phone, no matter how low, is way too high.  This is a $30 phone with 4G.  This is the second Samsung product I have bought (the other was a Blu-Ray player), and I'm not sure at what point this brand got a reputation of making quality products.  Did I expect this phone to work as well as a S3?  Absolutely not.  But when phones costing half as much have half as many problems or less I see a serious problem.  Don't be fooled by the price like I was and do better research than I did.  You will see the same complaints made by countless other people.

Great phone! My sister loves it! She hasn't had problems with it. The display is just the right size. The interface works seamlessly.

Cant beat for less then 100$, sturdy phone drop like so many times. Overall this is a basic phone with basic needs .youtube Facebook Twitter, music etc etc... great catch

I bought this phone, and for a little while it was a perfectly serviceable mid-range android phone. Then the headphone jack broke. I called Virgin mobile, and they said no problem, they'd replace it. I thought that was really nice. Then two weeks later the refurb they sent me killed the battery and refused to budge. So I called for another replacement. They sent me only a battery, to see if that would fix it. It didn't, as I told them it wouldn't. I called back and said "The phone is really broken, send me another." And NOW I've been waiting on THAT order to go through for more than a week, because, get this, THEY ARE OUT OF REFURBS. Of course they are - the phone keeps breaking completely and they're taking no responsibility for it.They have plenty of new phones in this model, which is what, incidentally, I bought (not a refurb), and will they send me one? No. They're making me wait for another broken phone to replace the broken phone for which I paid full price. And after all this time not being able to use their services because they sold me defective stuff, they're still charging me for monthly cell phone service. I DON'T HAVE A PHONE because of how crap they are, and now they're making me pay for the privilege of not having a phone.Run, run run from this phone and Virgin Mobile.

yeah, lets just say i used it.... for a month and disliked it. phone freezes and 4g isn't in the buffalo region for virgin. waste of money but don't let a college kid with very little money persuade you into buying a better phone *cough*cough***that was the key..... Tips-Get the iphone through virgin off their website because its cheaper and in my eyes a better deal+

Virgin sent me this phone as a warranty replacement for an HTC handset that stopped working and was no longer available. At that time -- last year -- this phone was $150. It was a good value for that price and I would have paid it. Now? $79? A no-brainer. I get good call quality, a useful signal inside most (but not all) &#34;big box&#34; store metal buildings, a loud enough speaker to hear the Directions Lady in my not-new, not-quiet Jeep Cherokee, and enough processing power to play a movie smoothly. A giant phone or an award-winning one? No, but decent. Battery life was starting to drop after more than a year of service so I bought an AceSoft 2680 mAh from Amazon, which has more capacity than the factory one had when it was new. Also, for this or any other smarty phone or tablet, you'll want a capacitive stylus. They cost hardly more than dirt. I may also get a Rubberized Solid Black Color Snap on Hard Case Skin from Amazon, since my old protective case, over a year old, has gotten kind of ugly. And earbuds. They're nice.A decent phone. Good size for a pocket. Bigger ones are not good for men's pants pockets. And why would I want a bigger phone? I have a tablet.

My previous phone fell apart from too much use and this phone easily replaced it in an upscale way!  It was a great discount on amazon which is the 1st reason my eyes went too it.  It hasn't let me down yet!  Great pictures too!

Great 4G LTE phone. Call quality is good and speed is great. Lots of great features. Touchscreen is smooth and efficient. Virgin Mobile uses Sprint Service so that is a huge plus. Love the front facing camera and all of the apps like the photo editor and the camera quality is pretty good for a cell phone. Sound quality is also great. Only negative point about this phone is that it is running an older version of Andriod that does not support storing apps from the phone to the SD card. The external storage will store pictures, movies, and other files but not apps. So once you run out of internal memory for apps, you are SOL. If that is a deal breaker for you, I would not recommend this phone. If it is not, then I would definately recommend this phone.

This is a great phone. It is 4g LTE, so it is lightening fast. It is also a good size, with a large screen, and can be held with one hand easily. I also like Virgin Mobile because it is an affordable, no contract option for cellphone access.

If you don't want an expensive two year contract with the major carriers or want to pay $700 for a phone, you've finally found your phone! The virgin mobile 4g lte samsung galaxy victory is the perfect marriage of a powerful phone and an ever improving network.I was very hesitant at first, because virgin mobile uses sprints network, and here in Chicago it has grown a reputation for being the worst network of the bunch. But ever since sprint aquirred US cellular their network has become one of the best. I have the 35 dollar a month non-contract plan I have 300 anytime minutes and 2.5 gigs of 4glte, the 300 minutes in no problem since I use skype on the phone to make nearly all my calls, I use wifi when at home or at work. The 4g lte is super quick and the phone is incredibly easy to navigate and figure out.Bottom line. If you found this phone and plan, chances are your on a budget and have done your homework, rest easy and know you'll get it all and the only sacrifice will be settling for a 5mp camera. Not too shabby.

Great phone, awesome price. Victory phone is Amazing, High quality pictures, super fast, very reliable from searching the web to making calls, the display screen is high resolution with a good built in speaker, crystal clear incoming and outgoing calls.

This is an upgrade for me as I enjoy playing games on my phone and my last one was smaller and the battery was not staying charged very long anymore plus it took forever to get it fully charged. This phone holds a charge longer but it also charges fully in a short time. I've recently started to read books on it, since my Kindle died, and that works well. Although I intent to get another Kindle this will be good for when I'm not home so I don't have to carry that along with me when I go. Sometimes when I'm playing a game it will just go back to the home screen but I can live with that as it doesn't happen often. All in all I have no regrets about buying this phone.

Great phone! got this at 1/2 of the price that was offered by my service provider. This phone works very good even in weak signal areas.

Nice phone but I wouldn't recommend anyone to buy it. I had the kyocera rise & bought this phone. U have no space for apps on this phone compared to the kyocera rise. I downloaded candy crush & facebook & all my memory on the phone was gone. Im very disappointed in this device

Purchased the exact same phone for $160 and 20 minutes later, I found this phone on here for $70. Needless to say, the first one was promptly sent back. No complaints about this phone, the battery lasts me about 2 days while being on facebook, etc. It allows me to get what I need done, done.Doesn't die in 5 seconds when I use the GPS which is also very nice. Still learning to use it, but overall, I'm very happy. I also happen to have 4G in my area, so it's even better!

the phone is solid, the screen is great, the battery life is about a full days use, the only reason this device is lossing any stars is because on the amazon page it is advertised as have 4 gb's of internal memory when the only available drive space is 2 gb. i understand room for os and system files and the likes but im wondering where my other 2 gbs went.

When my droid razr's xt912 screen cracked I spent 100 bucks to fix it only to find out the phone kept rebooting randomly.  I was shocked by the prices of the &#34;premium&#34; 4g phones offered by my current cellular provider.  For the price of replacing the screen I could have gotten this phone!  I got a phone number with google voice and then used talkatone over wifi to make phone calls and completely avoided multi year cell phone contracts or spedning nearly 4 digits for a phone.  Got a mobile wifi device that can power the wifi only phone when I'm not home and it is free for 500 mb / month. For wifi VOIP and GPS this is probably completely doable especially if your workplace provides wifi for your mobile device.There are real problems with this phone and the biggest is the tiny 4 GB storage.  After installing my favorite apps I found that I am left with a little over 1 GB of storage left.  There is also no way to transfer these apps to an optional microsd card.  My friend had the exact same android version (4.12) and for some reason he had the option to move some apps to microsd.  I showed him my phone using the exact same android version and he was stumped.  There is no option to do this on the Victory.The other problem is the RAM.  After a day at work using email, talkatone to make calls, and amazon price checker, 706 MB out of 806 MB of usable RAM is being used up.WIFI voip Phone quality using talkatone on the victory phone is noticebaly better than cellular phone calls.  Talkatone voip quality was horrid using the asus memo pad HD 7 directly or with several different bluetooth headsets.The Victory's battery life is *FANTASTIC*.  My Droid Razr would struggle to make it through the work day without completely draining it's battery while the Samsung Victory with its 2100 mah battery (equal to the galaxy s3 battery) has 83% battery life left at the end of the day (7 AM to 6:45 PM).  Display brightness is set to less than 50% and the battery saver mode is enabled.  Turned airplane mode on and then activated the Wifi only.In addition to the fantastic battery life these battery are user-replaceable.  Such a relief after coming from a phone that would not allow replacing the battery.The notification volue is not loud enough.  Even at max volume it's easy to miss them because they are not loud enough.The 4.12 GPS navigation is actually easier to use than 4.3 version and I prefer it.

Good hardware, flawed software. External sdcard is only usable for media storage because of flawed system setup. Limits your app storage because you can't put apps on the sdcard. Otherwise it's a decent, cheap phone.

After owning a Blackberry Curve for 3 years I upgraded to the Virgin Mobile Samsung Galaxy Victory. Initially I was very happy with the phone. It was was very quick and responsive, the screen looked great, it supported plenty of apps, etc. However, now 1 year later I find myself replacing it. It is no longer quick and responsive (opening a text message takes 5-10 seconds, sometimes more) and it freezes/randomly reboots itself a couple times a week. The biggest problem though is it's lack of internal memory; only 1.4 gb usable. Even with a SD card to store all my pictures, music and video the remaining internal memory is not enough for all the apps I would like to have. I don't even have any games on my phone, just news, social media, map, a run tracker and a few others and the memory is full. At this point I cannot even update the apps I have, let alone download new ones.One year ago I purchased this phone for $190. It now sells for $75, which seems more appropriate. If you're just looking for a simple smart phone and you don't plan on using many apps, you would probably be happy with this phone.

good phone for a great price. very happy with purchase.

This phone is awesome.  There is the small issue of not being able to transfer applications to the SD card - but if you download an app that is over a gig - it will automatically get transferred over.  Runs fast - does the voice commands like &#34;Siri&#34;.  All in all very happy.

Love this phone.  This was a huge jump for me, coming from my (&#34;flinstones cell phone&#34;) as my teenager says.  If you're looking for a starter smart phone, I think this is a good match.  Its smarter than me right now but I'm slowly learning. Too bad I had to bump up from the $25 plan to the $35 plan but I knew that upfront.

i returned this phone and got the LG optimus F3.  the samsung took better pictures (had a pretty decent camera for what it was) but the victory just felt slow, and i dont like the childish themes it comes with (sounds and user interface) the battery life was pretty good, i suspect the processor runs slow most the time to save battery live, because my LG has a higher capacity battery (2450mah) but seems to last about the same, but also feels smoother and faster. once and a while i buy a samsung phone, then remember why i dont really care for them, also the LG was a little cheaper and ive had better luck with LG android phones having less problems. using the victory after my evo i felt like i traded my adult phone for a little girls phone.  also the 4G LTE was only fast once and a while, otherwise it was compareable to any other sprint/virgin 4g speeds. the battery life of this phone (and my new LG) are much better then the HTC evo 3d. over all this is a decent phone, but maybe for the price range of $100-150, not so much the current price of $199.

i did a little research for virgin mobile and for the price,this was my first choice and im glad i bought it,just today i left my phone on roof of car, i was going 50mph and this thing tumbled down the concrete road, the cover and battery fell out but phone still worked with only a few scratches...its made tough, the reason i give it 4 stars is cuz with the apps...you cant transfer them to sd card, i think its a jelly bean function that i wish they will change it back where you can but other then that...its a great phone

I could not justify spending $400 on a phone! I had the Galaxy S4 phone. I really liked it: big screen, easy to use, great resolution, and felt comfortable using it. I bought this because it fit my budget way better. It says that it is a &#34;G4&#34; phone, but I have not gotten G4 reception. It only gets G3. I don't know if its just my area, but I get lousy reception. When it works it works well, when it doesn't, it really doesn't.

Great phone! I absolutely love it..  both my husband and I have one and we love them far more than we did our previous phones. Great price and fast shipping! A+++

I LOVE this phone! The LTE works really good with Virgin! I use alot of social media, as well as tons of data per month, but the LTE has never slowed down! I switched from a HTC to this phone, and I disliked the HTC so much! BUT this phone works so well, I've had  no problems, battery lasts great, camera works amazing, all over just GREAT phone!

My son previously had an HTC V One from Virgin and wanted a Samsung. So, we got him this one. It has all the specs you could want and he seems to really love it. I will note, and this is the case with all Samsung phones, their build quality or materials used aren't as nice as other phones like Apple's or HTC. The V One was metal and glass and felt more solid than this plastic Victory. Also, if you look at the phone specs, they really aren't any better than the LG Optimus F (which I have), but is priced a lot more. Despite this, he is happy, so I am happy.

It has been a bit difficult to jump into a smartphone, but this phone is working well for me. I want to get a case next!!

I love, love love love love this phone. Great speed and battery life! I can't think of a better phone for the money!

Does everything I want it to do. I am very happy with it. I will recommend it t my friends.

I am so happy with this phone. It has great battery life and the storage space is very adequate for what I need out of the phone.I highly recommend this phone for those who do not want to pay the big bucks for mobile phones.

My problem with this phone is that it is very confusing to answer an incoming call. I have missed more incoming than I was able to answer.

I got a great deal on this phone.  My daughter also has one and loves it.  I would recommend it to all

This is by far the best phone i had and this is an upgrade from the HTC Wildfire S.... WAY better can hold more appsi like the face unlock also, the speaker is very clear. Just got to get an case for it an i am good

My friends have the Galaxy 5 and they love them.  I wanted a phone that would fit in my pocket.  Great features too except there are too many google apps that are not removable and to me unneccesary.  That is quite annoying.

I just got the Samsung Galaxy victory.  Before this I had the ZTE AWE N800. Both of which are 4 virgin mobile. I thought for the price it would be great to upgrade to 4G LTE network. I've had the Samsung Galaxy victory for 4 days it's nothing but problems. For some reason it keeps running slow! I've disabled like 60 apps! And yet for some reason is still running in the high 80's I can use the phone. That is the running apps mod. I didn't know what else to do, I contacted Virgin Mobile they're going to send me a new phone. So they say it will probably be a refurbished phone. All I can say is that the awe ZTE  n800 works better. No lagging and Internet issues whatsoever. And that has amazing stereo and surround sound loudspeaker speakers! And also one other problem is that you can't  put apps on the SD card for samsung galaxy!

What can I say about this phone?  I pretty much bought a $249 alarm clock...because that is the ONLY thing that worked correctly on this phone and I've had it replaced by the company TWICE.I have lived in two major cities in the last year of having this phone...you'd think this would guarantee good service and signal by VM. NOPE.  They have &#34;recalibrated&#34; my phone to my living area multiple times, and guess what?  No 4G service (EVER), no more than 3 bars (EVER), and the wireless NEVER works.  My calls always drop (if I can get signal to call at all), my texts never send (and I receive them 2-3 days late from other people), internet (wireless OR&#34;4G&#34;) is SOOOOOOOOOOOOOO SLOW.  Literally...it takes about two minutes to load Google results and another two minutes to load the page you want.Now onto the memory in this phone.  The phone I purchased had 8GB, I have external memory of 16GB on it.  Guess what?  The manufacturers apps (the ones you CANNOT remove) take up 5GB on your phone. YAY.  Worse?  There is no option to &#34;Move Application to Memory Card&#34; like the other &#34;smart phones&#34;.  You literally just suck it up and hope they install on there before you run out of memory in the first week of owning your phone.Now onto the VM service you will receive.  It sucks.  9 out of 10 times, you will end up talking to someone who barely speaks English and literally knows NOTHING about your phone.  When they replaced my phone, I called them to activate (you have to cal to activate) and I got this Indian woman who kept telling me that I cannot have my addresses from my old phone put on my new phone.  It's impossible. (Well, I'm pretty sure that's what she said, I couldn't really understand her).  I had done this on two phones prior, I know it can be done.  I kept asking her to transfer me to someone else...SHE WOULD NOT!  Are you serious?  She WOULD NOT give me to someone else!  Finally I hung up and called again hoping to get another person, and I did.  They were no help either.  CONTACTING VM is ridiculous.  You either have to call and go through a maze of non-English speaking people, or you have to email and sit and wait about 5 days for a response from them.  There is no &#34;talk now&#34; option online (like Verizon), you literally have to wait for days no matter what.Online pay per month never works.  Every month my payment was set to pay automatically, EVERY month they have a problem with the payment (which by the way, they stop your service TWO DAYS before your bill date, and EVEN IF YOU PAY YOUR BILL they WILL NOT activate your plan for the month til the day of.  So....two days a month you have NO cell service) and you have to log in online and click &#34;PAY NOW&#34; like 5 times till it works.So. Good luck with Virgin Mobile.  Honestly?  You're WAY better off with Verizon's $50 Prepaid plan.  The good service and GREAT coverage is worth the extra money.

I read the reviews and was willing to deal with the issues for the price.  I have had the phone for a little while and have even done a system update.  No problems to report. It works as expected. No memory issues and it doesn't turn off or on by itself.  I am happy with it.

Very nice, but didn't work in Arizona.

Problem with phone is it does not reieve data can not connect to web spend hrs on phone with virgin mobil  who are going to replace phone instead of having to sent it back Five stars for virgin mobil.

very good night even I have Sage nothing of my goods no more to say hope prompt response my purchase

This phone is pretty awesome. I've had it for a couple weeks now and the 4g lte is superb in my area and the phone speed is great. My only complaint so far is that it kind of takes a while to charge the battery but at least once it is charged it hold for quite a while. The camera takes good pictures but the front facing camera is pretty fuzzy still though. But overall I really like this phone for the price I paid for it!

I upgraded after an embarrassing moment with a friend and touchscreen that wasn't a touch screen. I am very pleased with this purchase. I love the fact that you don't have to have the Virgin Mobile blatantly displayed everywhere.  Very classy phone that is easy to use and lends every bit of convenience that I need.

I have had this phone for less than two months.  I previously owned a Galaxy S 3, which had battery life issues, even with the screen completely dimmed.  This phone's battery is much worse.  Additionally, its processor is unbelievably slow.  When I wake the phone up, it takes seconds for the screen to populate with icons.  When I tap on an app or even a contact to call, I wait as the phone decides very slowly to complete the requested command.Virgin Mobile has less than ideal 4G coverage in my zip, 93720.  Interestingly, if you choose anything other than unlimited minutes for your monthly plan, running out early presents you with the choice of not talking on your phone or paying for the next month early.

As some have stated in their reviews, this phone comes loaded with apps you will never use.--You cannot remove them and you can't seem to disable them. They are constantly using your memory up to the point the phone stops working.-- The bloatware on this phone takes up almost ALL of the internal storage and leaves you with almost ZERO space to download apps that YOU want to use.--The ONLY thing you can store on an additional microSD card is your pictures. Whoopdeedoo Basil!!!--You CANNOT move apps to the sd card. After some looking into this is a Google Android 4.1 thing that they changed. Dumb.-- I look at trying to root this phone but it is just to complicated for me.So if you plan on even downloading a few apps like Facebook, a weather radar, youtube, or whatever I recommend you AVOID this particular phone.I am looking into purchasing some other phone to use with Virgin Mobile BUT I will make sure it does not have the storage issues this phone has.

This phone has been compared to the galaxy s2 cause this thing kicks butt. For people that say it is slow, learn how to manage apps so that you can stop them after using them. I have left a bunch of apps running and didn't slow down for me. The picture is sharp and can't see the pixels, talk sound is good, speaker is OK but could be better. The 1.2 ghz dual core cpu chip makes this phone snappy. Ram is 1gig. Btw, I have had less than 100mb of ram left available and this phone was still snappy for me. This thing has dual band WiFi. I am on 5ghz at home the browsing the net is very fast. I did try 2.4ghz and it is good too. The bad thing is that you cannot transfer apps to the sd card. It is not the phones fault it is google's. They decided that this new version of android be like this.I have 32gig class 10 micro sd card and plays very well with it. It has all the features of the galaxy s2 and more. Video chatting with Tango on this phone is awesome. Whatever you do, don't let the virgin mobile live ID install. The Samsung interface is much more elegant than that junk. HD video is good as well as the pics. for complainers, if you want high quality, use a real camera you goons. I have not seen any cell phone out do a good camera. The size (4inch screen) is smaller than s2 but that is awesome for me cause it fits in my pockets OK. Use "big buttons" app for the keyboard, the stock kboard is small. Overall, you get good bang for your buck for this phone. will not disappoint.

Love it! Excellent phone and great value. I would recommend this phone for anyone. Fast shipping,  great service, I give it 5 star s.

Bought this as a replacement for a phone that got broken.  Unfortunately, this phone was stolen a couple of months after purchasing.  Will be replacing with another Virgin Mobile phone, soon.

Loving this phone! It is so nice compared to my last one I had with virgin mobile. I do hate the new keyboard but I always hate the keyboard at first on every new phone. There is a new voicemail feature tahts amazing it texts you the whole voicemail and you don't have to worry about calling it. The battery life is unbelievably long. I had to put a memory card in it but I already had one so saved money there. The phones cheap and does exactly what I need it to though. Has awesome camera on front and back and great sound.

I have not had a single problem with this phone.  I'm so glad I lost my old Kyocera.  I was definitely ready for 4G.  My Virgin Mobile monthly fee went from $25 to $35 with this phone, but completely worth the additional expence.

I have been a Virgin customer for almost two years now but an rabid HTC fan for years. I couldn't wait any longer to jump on the 4G bandwagon and it didn't seem like Virgin was ever gonna pick up the HTC One SV from it's sister Boost Mobile. I have friends that think the sun rises and sets over Samsung headquarters so I thought I'd give it a try. BIG MISTAKE!!! Once you have used HTC's Sense overlay on Android, everything else seems cheap and antiquated. The device itself seems like a flimsy cheap piece of junk and it's incredibly heavy to boot. Even if the OS didn't seem like a third grader designed it (compared to HTC Sense that is), The display is utterly USELESS outside in the daylight. No joke, I couldn't see the screen at maximum brightness setting without taking my face and the phone inside my dark blue shirt. That's pathetic on Samsungs part. I tried to get over the lack of Sense UI and the cheap feel of the device because the 4G LTE is INCREDIBLY FAST but in the end the junk screen sealed the deal and I returned the phone for a refund. I went back to my HTC One V and feel like I just fell in love all over again. Every aspect of the One V is of higher quality than Samsung devices. I'm just going to have to wait for Virgin to answer my 4G LTE prayers... Hope this helps. Good luck all.

I had the kyocera rise before this phone and i was expecting alot from this phone but this phone didnt upset me. I love this phone sure it doesnt have that much space for games but seriously its a phone not something that you use to play games with. Overall phone is very good and stable camera is decent but not the worst.

Good phone, great battery life, buzzes through the apps noticably faster than my previous HTC. The screen is clear and bright. 4G is nice, when it is available it's really fast. Front facing camera is neat. Feels a little cheapy/plastic in your hand. The rear facing camera is not quite as good as the HTC in my opinion, but it is still nice.

This is  a very nice phone for such a good price.  I bought this as a gift for my father in law as an upgrade from a flip phone.  This is a great transition to bring someone into the world of smart phones.

Great phone and great value. This ohone does everything as promised and I would recommend this to friends and family.

is exellent i like me so much, thank you so much for this produtcSamsung Galaxy Victory LTE prepago tel&eacute;fono Android (Virgin Mobile)

I purchased two of these phones earlier this year, new thru Amazon.  They started out great, but already the vibrate feature has stopped working on one, and is deadening on the other.  Both are very glitchy.  I think a phone should last longer than 4 to 6 months.  Not very happy with my purchases.

It works for what I need it to: pandora, phone calls, texting, reading, recording voice, email, web browsing, photos and video.

Perfectly great phone and well below what retail is asking. Came brand new in packaging for a third if the retail price. Easy to activate and well on par for the galaxy line. The camera is either not as great as it should be or i've bumbled up the settings, but too lazy to read the documentation at the moment to straighten it out, lol. And sadly VM wouldn't grandfather my 15 year old rocking in the 2g data unlimited for $25, I had to be a big girl and graduate to the $35 4glte plan. But still, my hubby pays twice that for a limited plan with another carrier for virtually the same phone. His has a faster processor, little bigger screen and he paid 250 v the 80 i paid, so all in all i'm happy with what i got for the price.

I am unable to review the phone because I could not get reception. Despite Virgin Mobile showing my neighborhood with &#34;excellent&#34; telephone and data service, there was no signal in or just outside of my home. If I walked a block down the street the reception fluctuated from two to three bars so I know the phone was not defective. I returned the phone within a few days of receiving it.Since there was no reception within my home I was unable to make a call or send a text. Without being able to test those two most important functions, I decided to not play with any of the other options or functions.

I really like this phone although I've never dropped it or anything and it still freezes quite a bit.

I found this to be a major improvement from the old phone.I used to have own an android chasor.

4'' screen good to fit into pocketAuto brightness not enough thus switch into manual - battery life not greatA little thick/bulkyBundled app cannot be deleted - badGood price - $150 new (during a 1 week period)Sprint 4G LTE network can be better

I've had several Virgin Mobile phones and this is the best I've owned so far. The screen is crystal clear and very bright. Very Responsive! There's also a power savings mode, perfect for getting a faster charge time. The 4G is lightning fast...11mbps with a half signal. Plus it runs Jelly Bean with plenty of bells and whistles. Recommended to everyone!

Did not work as advertised. Sent back.

This phone is exactly what I wanted.  Its a smartphone, I can download all the apps I need, the pictures are good,  front and back camera, I love having 5 screens to store my apps I use on a daily base, the phone notifies me when updates are available and its just an overall good phone.  I love it :)

Cant beat cost, and phone is decent and is camera, but annoying apps that cant be removed and worst of all no sim card so you you cannot unlock phone and switch carriers if coverage does not work well in you area, its a return.

If you are in the market for a no-contract phone to use on Virgin Mobile network, you can't go wrong with this phone. Yes, the camera is so-so (hey it's a camera phone people), and the on-board RAM is only 2 GB (which is still plenty for app downloads). But, you are getting a quality Samsung phone, at a fantastic price!!! Get yourself a 16 or 32 GB microUSB card and you are all set.

Its a great phone no complaints. Does what i need it to do. i wish it was a little bigger

I'll start of by saying that no matter how fast a phone is on Virgin's network, it still won't compare with the other networks. However, this phone is fantastic. Snappy, quick, responsive. I don't enjoy the the bulky plastic case, but it holds up fine. The UI from Samsung /Virgin is a bit terrible, but I went around that with Nova launcher. One last thing :the 4G LTE makes the price of this phone completely worth it. I pick up speeds of about 35Mb/s down most of the time. If you want a smart phone for a much cheaper monthly fee, but with all the functionality of a modern android phone, then this is for you.

So far, I LOVE it. Best android phone I have owned so far. Everything works very fast. Camera quality is amazing--the camera shutter sound can't shut off. But other than that--it is awesome and I hope it will last me a long time!!

I've been with Virgin Mobile for about 5 years now and have always had good service, albeit 3G. I looked into getting a 4G phone and saw this model listed on their website for about $150. Came here, read the reviews and ordered it for about $80. This is basically the same build and platform is the more notable and expensive Galaxy S III, S IV, & S V models. It preforms very well with all major aspects of use, phone, text, internet, streaming video. The screen is not as large as the S III but I actually like it because it is a good size screen and the phone still fits in the front pocket of a pair of jeans with ease. Love this device and would highly recommend it to any Virgin Mobile user who wants to upgrade to 4G and not spend $600 on an iPhone 5s or Samsung Galaxy S IV.

Having trouble with Virgin Mobile replacing a broken still under warranty phone. So I had to purchase a new phone. I love every function of this phone and it takes excellent pictures. I absolutely love it.

Excellent phone, I have no complaints ....my only problem is that service in my area is limited with Virgin but for the $ savings ....I'm happy.

We are very happy with the phones (both my husband and I each purchased one).  They were inexpensive, easy to use.

This replaced an older samsung phone. I'm happy with how much faster it runs. Internal memory is low, and you would do well with a memory card. You can't store apps to the sd card without rooting it though. I also need to change my input method from the default keyboard every restart. The carrier map shows complete 4lte coverage for my area, but I haven't once been able to get it. I also don't receive mms messages in a timely matter.

Great Product. I will enjoy this product in the coming days. We loved the deal made through. Great Job. Keep it up.

I love this phone and the price was amazing.. I looked first at Virgins website they wanted $149.99 and I paid less than $80 ! Texting on it is not the best but I am learning its temperament.

Im enjoying my phone so far,  seems like I learn something new about it day by day, but I'm happy with it overall

Pros: Fast and good quality.Con: Storage is horrible and cant use the SD card slot for anything other than your camera. The OS is Android 4.1.2 and apparently this OS has decided to take away the ability to transfer apps to the SD card. So in short you can put a few apps on your drive before you run out of space and forget it if you have updates on those apps. This completely defeats the purpose of even having a smart phone.Also, My touch screen went out in the 4th week of ownership, but luckily my warranty covered a replacement.In all the phone is good but the fact that Android 4.1.2 doesn't have the ability to transfer apps to your SD card then why even have this phone. I'm already looking to replace this phone and I have only had it 2 months. Pathetic.

Way better than my glitchy Motorola Triumph.I've had this phone for a little over a month now and I have no complaints. There are no bugs, no glitches, and nothing has gone wrong with this phone as of yet.The battery lasts me 1.5-2 days before needing to be charged (with wifi on, but bluetooh, GPS, and sync off)

Great android phone a winnerVery happy easy to operateMight more extetal ram to make a better valueI love samsung products most of the timeThis no exception

Very very good phone im gald I have it thank you

this cell phone is ok for the price the good things about this phone are that it has 4g the bad things are that sometimes its really slow

Nice Android phone. I purchased this phone to use it with my existing Virgin Mobile account. Virgin Mobile makes changing / upgrading phones very easy. Just follow the directions on their website and your up and running in no time!

Virgin will not activate this phone with Minute2Minute plan.(And since amazon wants more words) The only place you'll find that out, other than virgin's &#34;swap phones&#34; page, is this comment.

Setting up the phone on VM was easy and painless.  But when we made our first phone call, we could not hear anything.  Found out that the phone was making the call okay as it worked on speaker mode, but the earpiece was bad.  Called VM tech support who said they would replace the phone, but with a refurbished one as that is all they had in stock.  Or, I could return it through Amazon, but only receive a refund and have to pay to ship it back and then order another phone.  So either: get a refurbished after ordering a new; or pay extra in return shipping to get a new.  Either way, we got screwed by a defective product.  Otherwise, works great, get a little signal in our very remote area (we are happy with that), and seems easy to use.

Great phone but it cannot work in my region without a code and it was the wrong phone I got  and only realise when I opened it and virgin mobile don't want to help me with the code and am from Grenada

This is a pretty decent phone, especially for the casual smartphone user like myself. Virgin Mobile has been great to work with, and the phone itself has held together in the year that I've owned it. However, there are two things that I've learned that you may want to keep in mind with this phone.There is very little physical memory on the phone. This can easily be solved with a micro SD card, which is cheap and easy to find. The issue comes with the Android software. To my knowledge, Android won't let you store the actual app data on your SD card; it will only store apps on your phone. If you like having a lot of apps, this may frustrate you.Second, the battery doesn't last particularly long. My phone used to be able to hold a charge all day. Now, after a year of consistent charging, my phone battery lasts about 5 hours when it's plugged in and shuts off when it reaches thirty percent power, not zero. I have to buy a new battery or carry a charger wherever I go to make sure I have a working phone.Otherwise, I love this phone, and I would recommend it to anyone looking for cheap and easy service with decent quality.

So much better than my old phone. So far I am loving this phone. I just wish there were better accessories available for it.

My granddaughter loves it & I do too. Really neat & handy phone.

My son and I just upgraded to these phones and we love love love our phones.  They do everything we want and more.  Would recommend this phone to any one.  Since he is a little more advanced with his phone than I am he does a lot more with his and that's really cool.  We also like the size, not too big or too small.

Its a very good phone its super fast I can do multiple things at once and the S voice is just awesome.

Good-&#9654;Great upgrade for the price-I've never had a problem with the service other than being at work. A simple restart of the phone will do the trick.-I've dropped this phone on more than one occasion and have never had a problem after.-I love the Google services on this phone.-Takes good photos especially when you have apps to help enhance them. I.E. Instagram, Photo grid and Piclab-Playstore makes it easy to get full use of this phone-Constantly learning about new features on this phoneBad-&#9654;Internal space (2Gb) is ALL the memory you get. The microsd slot is just there for show. I researched on the memory issue and it wasn't just my particular phone. The only ones using this phone are the ones who dont use it much. In order to use the external memory card you have to go to My Files and physically transfer certain files to your MicroSD card. It's a hassle and I hate it sooo much.-The keyboard can be wacky at times. This phone offers a feature where you can quickly select a word after only typing a few letters. It's nice right? Wrong. When you do that it deletes everything you just typed and leaves you with just the word you selected. Sucks.-Front face camera works best in daylight-Most of the cases for this phone are chunky so you have to take off the case in order to use the Aux cable.-Do yourself a favor and download Google Chrome instead of the crappy internet app this phone has.

Upgraded from the Samsung Galaxy Reverb, which didn't have enough RAM to do what I wanted.  For under $80, you can't beat the value. I was able to point Rhapsody to the external SD, which solves the memory issues that some have.Highly recommend!

The picture certainly doesn't do it justice! The phone is just excellent. Very very happy with my purchase. I even bought another one for my husband.

I purchased this phone when I destroyed my old HTC.  The HTC was a great phone, but could not survive fallin off he roof of my car and getting run over by multiple vehicles.The Victory has a great battery life and will last me all day under normal use.  If I stream a lot or use it for navigation, the battery does drain quickly.  I love the 4G ability of this phone.  My internet and apps are running much faster.The camera is very good for a phone camera.  Sometimes the kids are moving too fast and I only catch a blur, but if they are relatively still I get a nice sharp picture.**** Update ****I've had the phone for several months and it is still performing great.  The battery still last all day, even with the kids using it to play games.  The case and screen look great which is saying a lot since I don't have a screen protector and it's in a $5 case.

Good smart phone for the price but the storage space on this phone sucks. Perfect for a first time smart phone or for people who prefer not to have a high tech phone.

This is a great little phone. It runs Android Jellybean really well, supports 4G LTE (although not in our service area) and does everything you'd expect a smartphone to do, if you're a moderate and not overly technical user, as me and my wife are.  What you are not getting is broad coverage, like you would on Verizon or AT&T;, but you're not paying $100 a month, either.We live in an area where 95% of the places my wife goes to have coverage, so that's great- so pay attention to the coverage area before getting a Virgin Mobile phone.  If you've got good coverage and moderate needs, (300 min or less of voice) Virgin is a great deal, and this phone does everything you'd expect a modern smartphone to do. My wife is into the texting and e-mail more than voice, so Virgin's plan is a great fit.

Now I have to admit this is my first smartphone but I have a lot of friends and family with them. I searched for one within my budget and needs and this is the one I picked. It does all I want and some. Don't care about internal memory size... for now will be perfect. It is a Samsung and that says something to me. Perfect size for my hands and pocket. Keys a little small but I can work with it. So far love it.

For the price, hard to beat. Needed a cheaper phone since Sprint iPhones don't work for any other provider. Not sure I'm sold on Android but the only better thing is the option to add an SD card to these phones. Too many different things the app makers have to deal with to make sure their app will work well with your phone. I have one large app (Audobon Birds Pro) that I can't seem to move to external sd card but I think I should be able to. But if you don't have much memory on the phone itself it seems to be a heck of a lot slower.Low price + sd card = one good deal

Phone works great and has many features. Jelly bean offers much more control than Ginger bread. Worth the upgrade. Phone arrived 2 days earlier  than estimated. Would buy again.

Great still getting used to it. Main thing is that I can now use messenger to keep in contact with uk

This cell phone is good, it will take some time to get used too but it will do. The keyboard is not a problem, just don't be a super speed freak. Came from a Blackberry Curve and this is the best conversion.The battery life is the best because it lasts the whole day without going below 50%. The Samsung batteries are better than Blackberries. All your BlackBerry apps have android version for you to download.

I got this phone because my galaxy reverb was crap. it shut off on its own, wouldn't open apps, took for-freaking-ever to navigate anywhere, wouldn't send messages, missed calls, kept erasing my music I'd download, etc....This phone does everything mentioned above.Hopefully I don't have a life or death situation where I'd need to make a phone call because it takes several attempts and a long waiting time to pull up the dang number pad. Which should be the simplest thing to do on a phone.galaxys just plain suck in my opinion and I hope I can get a new phone soon.

Basic uses such as the alarm is so painful and unpredictable. The melodies are not easily adjustable. There is no way to remove the clock from the phone and install a better app. I still am not pleased with the phone. Any ideas?

My teenager son picked this cell, has great features, is fast, the camera take good pictures, overall is a good, good cellphone.

This phone is really great.  It's got all the power that you need for any random apps with its dual core processor, and in my opinion it's the perfect size.  Smartphones have been getting ridiculously clunky to fit in your pocket, this one is small, feels good in your hand, and has a nice density to it that makes you think of luxury.The on thing is that it's really slippery without a cover, like ridiculously slippery.  I got really annoyed at this until I bought a case and realized that I was an idiot and should have done that a long time ago.  Now I just think of the slipperyness as an added incentive to buy a case to protect your phone.So yeah, all in all it's an awesome phone and for 80$ it's a straight up steal.  You'll be happy with it.

I had an account with Virgin Mobile and wanted an upgrade to my phone.  This was my first smart phone and I love it.  Easy to learn, it had some nifty feather like GPS and voice to text, so I do not have to type.  It was easy to navigate, given the fact that my last phone was a flip, and is a good size.  My only complaint about this phone is the difficult in finding the case that fits it!  Amazon came to my rescue, however, as there are many choices on this site.

I had a horrible HTC Evo V before and now I have this. The HTC would give you about an hour's worth of charge. I love that the battery in the Samsung has such a long life. There are little things about it that I guess are a pain but not a big deal. You have to swipe it constantly to unlock it. I'm sure there's a way to fix that setting.I think it works just fine and is a great phone for the money.

It isca great phone & for anyone who is looking for a prepaid phone i would definitely suggest this one over all of them.

This is a great phone. I worried at first from all the reviews I had read but this has met my expections and more. Thinking of getting one for my daughter also

Love this phone it was a gd price and it was delivered in 3 days also love that i can change the fonts so im very satisfied

Do not buy this phone-- Samasung rolls stuff out without testing it's quality...  this is a prime example.Good qualities are erased by the software that takes 25 seconds to make a call on average.... endless booting, rebooting,just the worst phone ever... nothing &#34;smart&#34; about this dunce phoneMy old LG was much better, and before that, Moto Flipphones.

I've been with Virgin Mobile for about 18 months. I like the price ($35/month), but you certainly get what you pay for when it comes to customer service. I would like more up-to-date phones, and this one seemed to answer most of the issues I had been having with my other phones. Seemed! I had so many problems with it in the first week that I should have brought it back, but I persisted. Now I'm stuck with it. After going through all the troubleshooting online, undoing everything the VM people told me to do over the phone, receiving some assistance from a very helpful manager at Best Buy, and downloading a keyboard app, I can live with this phone for a few more months (until I feel as if I've gotten my money's worth and can move on). My biggest remaining frustrations: touchscreen incredibly imprecise, random changes the phone makes (turns on wifi networks even though I've turned that function off, etc.).

Love the phone, just cant really use it much for gaming. But this phone obviously isn't big game friendly. Other than that apps like facebbok, instagram, and other social media is okay and wont take up too much space. Little hint of advice, use an app called clean master as it will save your phones memory and keep it fast.

I decided to enter the 21st century and purchased my first smart phone. I paid only $77 for this. I was paying $30/month for a basic phone before, so Virgin Mobile's $35 plan with 300 minutes and unlimited data looked appealing to me. I've used my friend's Iphones before and I like this better. I think it's easier to navigate through the web and type on this phone. I wish the battery life was better, I feel like I have to charge it everyday.

Battery life is stellar and all the functions are very intuitive so there wasn't a learning curve to start using it right away. Good seller.

Bought this phone for my teenage son and it is now glued to his hip.  He goes everywhere with the phone.  He hasn't said that he has had any issues, but he doesn't need to use it to call out too often.  But he does love all the features.  For the price of the phone it offers a lot services.  It is also quick going between apps and on the internet.

bought it because my other phone broke i go through phones alot so i just buy whatever looks nice and cheap. this is def. a good phone.

Lets start off by saying ive had these phones from VM. HTC One V, HTC EVO V, Galaxy SII, Galaxy Reverb, and now i have this one the Galaxy Victory. what can i say but what an Awesome phone. out of all these phones ive had this is the Winner!...ill start with my most important thing when it comes to a smart phone The Battery and this one has it 2100 mAh. its Awesome! plenty of juice and then some. Speed and Performance are great thanks to the DC and 1GB ram. the new Jelly Bean OS is a Nice Upgrade from ICS its buttery smooth has some great new features. this is basically a mini Galaxy SIII, just abit smaller size. Games play Amazing on this phone had no Issues, ive tested gta3 to angry birds, it was all nice n smooth. cameras on front and back are great about the same as the Galaxy Reverb, maybe slightly better, also has a dedicated camera button to witch is always nice...Overall this is the best VM offering to date imo. if your looking for a upgrade this would be a excellent option...One thing that i found as a negative was the storage space for apps was lacking and no app2sd support.

This is the best phonr I have had in my whole life. Coming from an iPhone user too. Id pick the samsung galaxy victory over them all. Amazing sound, camera and frony facing cam. Very happy! Bye bye iphone!

This android phone really meets my expectation! I have not had any problems with downloading APS or understanding the features on the phone. The battery power last for me all day. The phone takes really good front-facing and regular facing pics. I would recommend this phone.

I received this phone as listed by the seller brand new in the box. I love the fact this phone has a display that is actually 4 inches.  I love that I am to use the Lte in areas that offer 4 g, but where I live there is only 3g.  I love the settings because I can connect to several devices by wifi and send documents or pictures through kies or bluetooth them.  I like that the battery life is great in comparison to LG optimus elite. I was hesitating to order this phone because I really like the LG product battery life and usually have problems with the samsungs.  However so far, I am enjoying this one.  I find the camera to be okay like most cellphones, it is not perfect.  Overall I rate this a 4 star because of being a new phone to me and I just getting used to it.  I am sure that as time goes I will find more liking or problems.  I had several other phones here from amazon that I had to return because they were defective before, I finally purchased this Samsung Victory.  I find that this phone is heavier than the lg optimus elite, and lg optimus f7, and motorola triumph.  However,  the screen is about the same size as the triumph.  You can download about as much apps on the samsung as the optimus f7, elite, and triumph.  I found this found to be on sale for 99$ so I got it at a bargain price because it is regularly a $249 phone.  I think that phones that in the medium price as a good as the higher end ones.  I find that Virgin Mobile offers less phone options than most carriers, but will insure the phones for up to 1 year from the date of purchase.  However, if you purchase a new phone you will get a used replacement if you go through them.  I use the $45 price plan and get enough mins to last over a month. I don't think the data is unlimited though because at 2.5 gb the internet is slowed down to hardly nothing.  Overall, I am satisfied with Virgin Mobile and have been with them for a 1 1/2 years.

It waorked great for first 3 months. Since then, I have had several issues with the phone. Have to take battery out to reset at least once a week.

Replaced my Optimus V - big step up from that previous gen phone.Quick and snappy when I got it - has slowed down now with the apps I've loaded.  But still - a 4G phone on the affordable VM network for such a low price.  It gets 5 stars for being a deal.  It won't be an iPhone or Galaxy in terms of capability and speed, but it doesn't come with that sticker.Also - changing to a new phone of VM was a breeze, all self-done with no calling someone overseas.  Whew!

This is a big step up from my previous phone (the POS Kyocera Event), but still not the quality I expect from Samsung. I've only had the phone for two months and it's already starting to &#34;reboot&#34; on its own occasionally. It is constantly running out of memory, and I have to delete data (despite the 32gb SD card). Apps cannot be saved to the card but only on the device, so I can't load it up with all the apps I'd like to have. But it has good battery life, the processor is fairly quick and I have no problems with call quality.  Great phone for someone who only wants a couple of apps, calling and texting.

So far it work well for the money I have pay for it

Great little phone with amazing battery life. Only wish it had a pull out keyboard and auto correct can erase a lot of type if you are not careful. A more detailed camera would have made this stellar. But for the money it was a steal. Very happy with this purchase.

This is a great phone, nice camera sleek and a great price shopped other sites but this was the best

I am very sad about this product.I have to return this as soon as I get a new one.I wasn't looking for anything fancy but just basic.The basic like to make calls and receiving and emailing and texting...However with this cell phone, I cannot make a call by keypads. Moreover it doesn't show any missed number on the log, so I have no idea who calls me or anything.I hate this phone.

I have a love-hate relationship with this phone.  First, what I love: Great price point value, 4glte, Jelly Bean, form factor, removable battery.  What I hate:  1) Unremovable bloatware like the useless Virgin Mobile Essentials, the Samsung app suite including the awful Touchwiz. 2) You have only 1gb of usable storage on 2gb of internal memory for your own apps, videos, music, pictures 3) Samsung decided to make it IMPOSSIBLE to install and run apps on your SD card, meaning their bloatware and bad decisions interferes with my ability to actually use my phone.Conclusion:  Frankly, it is unreasonable to barely offer any storage space on your phone, make your crap apps unremovable, taking up valuable storage space, and at the same time arbitrarily limit my ability to use an external storage.  I bought this phone outright, I did not rely on a carrier subsedy, this phone is mine, and limiting my use of your good hardware gives you a 2 star review.

Great bang for the buck...................very pleasedOnly issue is that battery runs down quicklySamsung does it again. Perfect size screen and easy to read

This is the best smart phone I have ever had, not that I have had many. I use Virgin and there have been no issues in several months. I do have issues with Andriod, but this phone runs it as well as any I have seen. I can easily run GPS, Netflix, Pandora, Gmail, Yelp, Facebook, browse news websites, and I can actually make and receive clear phone calls. I cannot believe how easy Swipe is, I have large hands that I use for work and I can actually text with this thing.

I think you guys are the height of American business with your on-line sales.  I already know there will be more items I will buy from your on-line order.  I am happy I have not had to return anything.  However, I am confident that if that time should come, I will get the best customer service from you still.

Phone updated nine times before I could activate it but it's working splendidly now.Would definitely recommend to others for purchase.

I have nothing to say that is negative about this phone.  One positive I will mention is when I pull the phone away from my face while talking on it, the back-light comes on so I can see where the charge level is. I love that about this phone.  I don't talk a lot but I do use the camera and text regularly and I think the battery holds up good.  I had a verizon lg optimis exceedthat advertised as a good phone for people new to smart phones.  It was not easy to navigate at all.  This Samsung Galaxy Victory LTE Android phone from Virgin Mobile is pretty easy for this 68 year old great-grandmother to navigate.  Much easier than the LG from Verizon.  I've had the phone and service for three months and have had one experience where I could get no service.  I went outside, thinking I might be able to use the phone out there, but still no service.  But so far I like Virgin Mobile...and their phone better than Verizon, whom I was with for several years.

The phone arrived on time. The service was easy to connect. The phone works in my area, which was the reason I brought it. prior phones the service was sketchy at best. the 4G/LTE is great to have. for the price, I couldn't ask for anything better, because there isn't anything better. Thank you.

I just received my phone today, but I know a good android phone when I have a chance to test it out and this is a good one! I was scared because it's so dirt cheap....but surprisingly it's a great phone. No complaints. It even has s voice! Lol I used to work in mobile tech support, there's nothing bad about it.....well, other that the internal memory....but that's not a real serious issue

Had issues with the phone reception being deafeningly loud. That was resolved by turning the noise reduction off. The shell for the phone is incredibly slick. I'm constantly dropping it. I've had it about 1.5 months and it looks more beat up than the last phone I had for 2 years.The battery life is good.

I bought this phone around a year ago, and it was a big upgrade form the craptacular LG android phone I had previously. It went through absolute hell under my ownership (dropped in a thankfully clean toilet, crushed, dropped... you name it, it's suffered it) and miraculously survived for quite some time. It's not as shiny and polished as an iPhone or the nicer android phones, but it's rugged as all hell. Unfortunately the screen gave out on me yesterday, no doubt as a symptom of the sever abuse I delivered it. Amazingly the screen still lights up, but it's unresponsive to touch. For under $80, it was a no brainer to replace it.There is some crapware on this phone, pretty much Samsung's own, virgin mobile apps that you'll never use, and a million google apps. Unfortunately without rooting your phone, you can't get rid of this garbage, so I'd suggest getting an SD card if you're big on music and pictures. The internal memory leaves some to be desired, so if you're absolutely crazy about apps, I'd look into another phone.If you're as reckless as I am, get a case (which I didn't have) and this phone should serve you well for at least 2 years.

Set up is a snap, took all of 5 mins to assign this phone to my Virgin Mobile account. It automatically imported my contacts from my Gmail account which saved me from trying to attempt manually. Plays Youtube content better than my Kindle Fire. Some might find it's volume a bit much, but I find it handy. Battery holds a charge better than any Android phone I've owned to date; I've used it pretty much all day as a camera, music source, phone and Youtube player as well as YIM and it's charge is about half mast. Easily twice as good as any previous phones I've owned.

I own this and used to own a Galaxy S when they first came out. This one is way faster. The screen is approx. 3 1/2" X 2". That's the area that actually lights up. Takes great video and pics. Virgin is ok with talking as long as you are in a good area with plenty of bars. I don't talk much and use it mostly for texting clients and checking email. Great deal with Virgin. Pay about 37 dollars, that includes tax, per month and have unlimited text and data. Data works good on this phone and I am able to look up email, go to Amazon, Espn, my bank, and lots of other sites quickly. Use my phone more often than my computer, when at home. Have it set up with my wireless at home, but it is good even when I am away from home and not around wireless. I really like this phone a lot and use it constantly throughout the day and part of the evenings. I listen to music a lot on this too. Beware, there are 2 different players on this phone. I didn't know at first and music player I tried first was terrible. Was disappointed until I realized that there was another player. That one is awesome. Why 2, I don't know? Especially when only one works really well.I have had phone for about 3 months and not a glitch or problem of any kind.

Love love love my Victory!!  Good size, good weight, battery doesn't last quite as long as I would like, but it comes with a charger you can plug in a computer or outlet.  Such an awesome purchase! Fast shipping!

As far as sound quality goes, I've been flat out amazed at how clear my calls are.  I was concerned that I'd have a hard time hearing on a smart phone but I needed have worried.  I'm still in the novice texter stage, having sausages for fingers wasn't exactly conducive to rapid accurate typing but the silver lining is I'm not one of those people constantly typing on their phone to the exclusion of interacting with the rest of the world.  I'm still ironing out the wrinkles in surfing the web as not everything is mobile oriented.  For a first timer, this phone is a treat.  It has tricks but it isn't intimidating.

I ORDERED A 4G PHONE, WHICH IS IDENTICAL TO MY BF, HE GETS 4G ON HIS.  MY CELL IS 3G, AND NEVER ONCE HAS ITGONE INTO 4G, BECAUSE HE GAVE ME A 3G CELL.

Not as expected. When phone is on ,it is too sensitive & make noise in pocket when screen touches pant or anything.

Does everything I need.  Enjoy using it and have had no problems.  This has exceeded my expectations -- especially for the price!

I have had a Virginmobile phones for years and this one has impress me. The upgrade system is better than the galaxy S3 and very light to carry. I went from a HTC one to this and I am very satisfed. I would recommend anyone who is need of a android phone who's on a budget like mine self.

Great phone fro a very small price. I have had it for 5 weeks now and it works great. The battery life is good as well.

The only problem I had was the battery was damaged when I received the phone I replaced it for little cost the phone works great

Its a good phone

I have only one regret with this phone.  I wish I had bought it much earlier.  It does everything I need and then some.  Also, the price was fantastic.
