
I was hating my Boost phone/service with the old 3G network... then I upgraded to the HTC One SV 4G LTE and WOW was I impressed.  Speed is wonderful, connection stays strong, and overall better phone.  Well worth the money, and my plan price did not increase any.  No complaints.

I switched to the htc one sv from the evo design i had a hard time choosing between the sv and the galaxy s2 so far i dont regret getting the htc i only had it for 2 days but it is a  very good phone so far, the phone operates really well works alot faster then i expected no lag hasnt froze up on me at all YET takes good pictures and the 4g lte is a plus, when its on speaker its a little hard to hear the outter speaker is not that loud  and the ring tones aint that loud also it does not have the hot spot  and thats the only reason i gave it 4 stars

I have been using for a few weeks now, looks and operates great.  Certain Apps will drain your battery real fast as others have commented.  Speaker phone has echoes for people on other end of the line but that may be due to 3rd party cover.  Deducted 1 star for only being offered in 1 color of crazy red/orange for boost mobile.

This phone is fast and reliable.  Boost did great with this phone.  Highly recommend this product.  Fast delivery, slim design, phone does not freeze up.

Beware of one thing after you update the apps on the phone which unfortunately you have to do, you will be left with no space and on top of that you can't move apps to the sd card, so if you like to download tons of apps this won't be a great choice. Otherwise this phone is fantastic.

I love the phone and it is everything that everyone says it is. My problem is I paid the extra money and bought a NEW phone, not refurbished or used. The phone is in great condition but when I activated it I had to pay a reactivation fee and there were a few pics that someone took still on it.So the phone is used not NEW! If I wanted a used phone I wouldn't of paid the extra money and bought a used phone.

Good battery life, easy to transfer from HTC Evo to this phone. Wasn't expecting it to be orange and black, would have preferred a different color but that is all the Boost Mobile offers.

great product my 1st smart phone --battery life great unless you are gaming then best to leave it plugged in--Also has Beats audio so the music sound is Nice! And it has an SD slot for added memory! take that iPhone!

my boyfriend was so excited. it is very thin,i meant really thin.its has brilent color.yes the hd is the bomb.you do have to get a pertective case for it and screen protecters.the sounds is alittle low.but maybe becuz he dont no how to turn it up yet.it has alot of apps and its wifi and 4g.over all its a great cell phone .like a lil p.c.

It worked for awhile but then I had nothing but problems afterwords.  Guess if you need a cheap phone this would be okay.

My husband ordered this phone and he likes it a lot. I wish they would make this screen larger, so I could order one for myself.

I bought this phone for myself on Black Friday and got a great deal. I love the phone so much that if I had to I would buy it at the regular price. I really like HTC in general. In my opinion they make a great phone. The camera has the ability to focus on objects which is nice to make them clearer when taking pictures. The sound is great, I can hear people clearly when talking on the phone, it's all just great. My husband is with Verizon and has the original version of the HTC One. His is much bigger than this one but I like the smaller phone. His phone has a better camera and some extra bells and whistles but I would say that overall this phone is really great, especially for a prepaid version of a phone.

beat up and broken cant even hold its chargereturning and be careful item was more damaged than stated not good

...and it already kicks my old phone out of the water. I love the amount of memory this phone gets plus it's so light. Screen is really bright and it takes pretty good pictures.

I HAD wifi hotspot with Boost.  They no longer offer this and when I switched, I lost that.  Very disappointing.  However, this phone meets all my expectations, except the hotspot and memory.  I guess I just use more memory than most people.

htc made another excellent phone. so many functions has to many apps i don't use but 10/10 phone. great phone

I love this phone.  The whole family now has same one!!!

This is without a doubt the best cell phone I've ever owned. Great features and the battery life is all it says it is.

Phone is in good shape and I save a hundred bucks. Only issue is it was sent with previous user data still on the system. my suggestion would be a complete wipe before getting you new phone set up.

Guys thanks so much for my phone, I thought about return it but, I am glad that didn't do it, I love my new phone and is so loaded with all I need, voice, signal work excellent.

This is my first HTC phone and I love it , it turns on fast , it responds quickly , I hadn't have a problem with it I been having it for a well 2 months and it hasn't shut off by itself and it does a great job ! Will recommend !

I just recieved my new phone a few days ago and I must say tha it is the best phone i have had to date. I came from the older version of the same phone and this one passes the other one by leaps and bounds. I know only time will tell but so far I could not be happier with the phone or with Amazon. I upgraded to this phone because of problems with the other phone and it was still under warrenty. Amazon was more than easy to deal with they were great. They took a bad situation and turned it into a great one and i must say they get my highest rating as a retailer that stands behind thier word. After several e-mails and a phone call to customer service explaining my problems and the reason for the several e-mails was my fault for not being clear enough the problem was solved and BOOM the next day my brand new phone was on my door step. Let this be an example to all those retailers out there complaining about lagging sales if they treated thier customers the way I was treated by Amazon then they would not have a word to say. I love the phone and the upgraded fetures from the older version and the over all design is way more than I expected. Like I said only time will tell but right now you could not give me a $1000 iphone 5s to trade for this one. Hands down to Boost after 7 years of $ 200 and $300 dollar a month bills from U.S. Cellurlar you cant beat Boost. I have great service and never a problem and the payment just keeps going down and down. Your a fool to go out here and sign a 2 year contract with some other company just becauce they are going to give you a $1000 phone for $99 bucks dont think they won't get their money back in the long run and if you don't get your phone from Amazon your a fool also. They have stood behind their word and thier products and could not get a higher rating from me. Thank you Amazon and thank you Boost !!!!!!

My son asked for this phone for his birthday. I hadnt thought to look on Amazon for a phone, but was extremely hapoy with the price. And, hes happy with the phone.

Quick shipping! Greaaaaat phone!

This product is  great....I was scared to purchase a phone online at first per previously I purchase some on boostmobile.com and was not happy...when I recieved this phone I was extra ecstatic...it was red and black not orange like the picture which made me extremly happy....it was smooth and sleek...very thin design....it was quick once I got my service started...good battery life....great memory...I like to download a lot of apps and music this is is also a huge plus....hopefully this review helps....I think I've touched base on all the important features...its been over a month and I'm still in LOVE with this phone !!!!

great phone i love it and fast shipping

This was my first but let me say this I won't be buying another for a while because it has everything the newest smartphones have for a better price and cheaper monthly dues. Boost mobile is a great phone company with an excellent network and connection ...fast 3g and faster 4 g.

This phone is very nice, it has amazing audio, nice resoultion and more. The red appearence of it mad it stand out amongst other phone, which is nice and looks great. This phone is sturdy and durable.

It is a great screen saver,I cannot even feel or notice the screen  saver on my phone. Took me one try to put on without any hassle.  I no longer have a glare from sun. A+

In perfect shape. Brand new. Great phone, it has many features, works perfectly fine. Provides great service and the price I payed is less than the store price...love it!! If u have an acc with Boost then u can activate it by just calling them and dont have to pay activation fees.

Great camera, great screen (not the greatest resolution, but good), good sound and I love the design.  Only down side is that is not running Android 4.2 but instead is only running 4.0.4 and the cell signal seem to be lower than in most phones.

First things first let's start by saying don't listen to those bad reviews. No LTE poor signal blah blah blah. Yes if you live in those small towns that gets a movie a month after its released then yes don't get this phone. LTE is most likely not available in your area but to be sure just check the Boost Mobile website to verify. If you live in the city like Miami, Orlando, Hollywood, L.A., NYC etc, then yes this is a good phone for you LTE is almost everywhere not inside my class but that's cause my college is made to withhold hurricane winds and yes its hard to get LTE in there other than that its perfect signal my family has Metro and they don't compare to the signal strength.I went deep into Ocala FL and I had 1 bar inside middle of nowhere, family lost signal as soon as we left the interstate. Shows you how great it is and just to say signal and LTE may very by location. This phone Is amazing I love it slick and easy design beats audio is perfect Works only with headphones speakers are not supported my beats audio.Voice control works and gets it right the first time.I love the color the phone but the only thing I wish it came with a SD, I had to order my own. I'm so satisfied with HTC they make some of the best phones ever made.

dont buy this phone I hate it had it for less than a year but ova 6months it sucks.....very slow textin sucks u text a easy word like THE and miss it by accident it wont correct I have soo many new words its terrible hell if I was using this phone I wud have at least 3 miss words so far...I wud buy wish I neva bought ....as a matter in fact anybody want too buy a phone???

Service was excellent.  Phone arrived in great condition and works well with my android apps. Listening to music is great too.

I'm really surprised with Boost Mobile having such an high end phone. I been with them for 3+ years and been trading phones trying to find the right one but I've found it. It is very responsive very fast and the download speed for Google Play is actually unreal. Just in a few seconds the download is down. The 4g and 3g are really fast and work well. The beats audio is just WOW! The music difference is so well I can not believe this phone is on Boost at times. The battery life is really great on heavy usage I get about 7 hours before I need the charger. The camera is really good the zoom is a little foggy but still comes out really well. HTC has stepped up with this phone. I hope Boost release 4.2.2 with sense 5 to us and hopefully we'll get 4.4 kit kat. This phone is just wonderful. I hope Boost or HTC  doesn't leave this phone in the dust it can compete with the iPhone honestly.Just Overall this Phone is great

I heard that the phone will crack really easy if you drop it ....I have dropped it. And nothing has happened to it.the internet is fast and downloads apps. Fast......I don't regret  buying this phone....this is one of the best phones boost mobile has......the camera takes really good pictures .....the videoss you can trim and edit right from your phone .also tou can download PowerPoint and Microsoft word documents and copy and paste ......love itt....

good very well everything is right with the divice thanks for your help in eny problems thanks again to you

I love this phone.  I am partial because I had lost my first SV before having to buy this one from Amazon.  The processor is fast and I've never had trouble with a slow phone.  Great phone, great price.

I m please with the ph so far....I m still learning how to wk it, but so far I'm not too disappointed, I thought this ph had the beats audio, but it doesn't . I doesn't support kickass torrents or else I couldn't figure out how to use it. This is my first HTC ph, & I getting use to the difference with the wy it's use. Rt now I'm ok with mobile boost, it's the first ph service I've used outside of T-Mobile. I would recommend this ph. The battery life is great!

The phone has an internal issue where I lose my connection with boost and have to reset it...annoying but other than that it looked brand new

The phone looked good at first then I tried to charge it and I wouldn't charge I looked inside and the piece was broken to charge the phone....the phone also turned off whenever it wants, but other than that everything else was good

I love this phone thanks you so much. The price was awesome and the phone is great. I totally love it.

It is a wonderful phone, but I am disappointed to see light leaking out through a long slim crack between the screen and case on the left edge. people stay away from this phone until HTC come with a better engineering.

This phone is excellent, processor speed super fast, sound on speaker and headphones awesome. Resuming all this phone and also Boost Mobile service and plans i recommended to everybody.

I was not so sure about ordering this phone. I had used a friends HTC that she has threw Verizon & I did not enjoy the experience! LOL I just received my new phone 3 days ago & I don't like to put it down!

The charger port was messed up, and I had to go through to much just to get it charged, so I returned it for a refund.

Purchase this device since it was the latest 4G LTE and an HTC brand phone (think quality).  However, despite the sleek design, this phone is utter garbage when it comes to calls.  EVERYONE I have spoken to complains that they hear an echo and the quality is so bad that I prefer to text on the device.  I will be returning it.  P.S.  I live in the NYC Metro area where BOOST service is supposed to be great.  So that's not the issue.  Check CNET reviews on this phone - they concur that the call quality is astonishingly bad.  WASTE OF MONEY - only gave 1 star bc of design and software.

I bought this phone to replace my Galaxy S2, for a while it was great, the Beats Audio boost was awesome. Then on an update the phone started turning itself off and staying on the front screen. The problem continued to persist and worsen, even after a hard reset. Now I can't even use the phone for anything.

I love this phone, I've wanted it since it came out and now I have it. I'm very happy with it and it works very well. It has a very smooth interface.

I bought this phone one week ago and it is already no working I never dropped it I never damage it at all it just started turning off and on. I don't understand why you would sell me something that wouldn't work

overall the phone is was great but as soon as i started having problems i did not like it at all i could not send pic text messages after three months of having it i started having that problem, i got a replacement and the volume did not work as well as the first one and the speaker did not work as well as the first one.  both phones were defected, but the only problems i had with the first one was that i could not send pics text messages, but otherwise i love the quality of the pics volume and view videos nice and clear. but because i could not text with pics i exchange it but the replacement froze on me volume was not good at all

This is the second of these phones I have purchased. My grandson loves this phone. It has all the bells and whistles a teen ager needs and boost mobile is a great provider for a reasonable price.

I came from sprint , I owned the HTC evo , evo 3d and I recently sold my Samsung s2 just to get this phone . A lot of people are complaining about the lte shut up and get over it I live in an area where I only have 3g I don't care.Screen resolution is so amazing I don't know why some people complain it looks the same as my Samsung s2. The camera is so amazing crystal clear pictures and doesn't make that annoying loud noise most phones do so if phone is in silent mode and you want to sneak a picture of somebody you can lol.and I can take up to 30 pictures instantly by holding the shutter button.Call quality , again people complaining I can hear everyone perfect and everyone can hear me perfect also . Speed , dual core processor so you can multitask and run heavy games.Sound . When headphones are plugged in it eneters In beats audio mode which is amazing sounds so clearI loved my galaxy s2 untill I came across this phone im gonna keep this phone for a long time definitely worth the 299$.



I picked this phone to replace my Galaxy S 2 4G on a warranty swap; I chose it primarily based on its advertised battery life, and the potential to replace its battery for an extended one to last longer.First, the positives... this phone has:+ Very strong audio quality, in calls and just about everything else+ Good software. About the only thing that's been more difficult to use compared to my old GS2 is finding how to fully turn off AutoCorrect.+ Strong GPU has made for a measurable upgrade in Android games ran on the phone, as well as overall better text and video quality.+ HTC software and built-in apps are handy, and genuinely add to what the phone can doThe downside, is primarily the battery life. On its stock 4.0 kernel out of the box, the battery barely lasts 4.5 hours before the low battery warning comes on. HTC's released 4.1.2 update for the phone adds an additional battery-saver assist that brings it up to 8~9 hours a charge... Still nowhere near the 17 hours that Boost Mobile advertises for the phone. Depressingly, neither HTC nor any third parties have released an extended extended battery for this otherwise handsome device, even though there's no reason there shouldn't be one for it. Given all the strengths, it's really head-shakingly awful that there can't be more done about the battery. There is much to like about this phone, that a more substantial battery would have easily made it a five-star purchase.

Perfect phone for my wife. She is not a power user but runs some apps and things. She likes the screen (I didn't tell her that it is one of the knocks on the phone) and really appreciates how fast it reacts. We are in a pretty much 3G only area, but it browses well. Boost is actually pretty cool. For about $60 month it is all inclusive. And the bill is the same every month(until you hit longevity discounts). No sneaky carrier charges, besides a couple bucks for taxes. She most likes the form factor of the phone, light weight and looks. There are plenty of specs given by other reviewers. If your needs are met by a good working and somewhat robust phone, with great ergonomics and stylish looks, this is the real deal. One last thing. Not being locked in a plan is great. The $230 upfront is a small price to pay and you are above water in about 6 months. Don't get the insurance. As with all carriers, the deductable is $100. So it nets you a 130 savings if you need to replace or fix. And who knows, by then there may be something better out there.

Good battery life and very good phone.Very easy to use.Call quality is also excellent. You wont be disappointed  if you buy this phone.

I love that its 4g! Its pretty fast, and its a decent size. I had an LG phone before this, but I love this phone so much more!! Great phone for the price!

I have had this phone for a month and its a great phone the screen is bigger than the iphone 5 and its a very good phone

I BOUGHT FOR MY WIFE'S BIRTHDAY AND SHE JUST LOVED IT SHE HAD A SAMSUNG' PREVAIL II AND THERE IS NO COMPARATION, SHE LOVES EVERYTHING,THE PROSCESOR IS FASTER ,THE COLOR ,THE SIZE ,STRONGLY RECOMENDED AND ON TOP OF THAT FAST DELIVERY...THANK YOU, THAT IS THE REASON WHY I BUY FROM AMAZON.COM

love it great value great phoneif youre down grading from an iphone

I've had only one smart phone before (Samsung Galaxy Prevail), which was one of the 'basic' smart phones.  It was also on Boost, so this is how I will compare the new HTC phone.  First off, we have 4g in Atlanta and I notice the phone operates on 4g almost everywhere I am, so I am very happy about that.  The web experience is superior to the old 3g phone.  This phone is very quick and will load pages nice & quick.  I refused to even use my old phone for web access because I didn't want to wait 2-3 minutes for a page to load.If I had to mention some negatives I guess they would be the following:  a) no hotspot capability (but I knew that in advance, so I can't ding it in the review for that);  b) It would be nice if the earpiece volume and speaker phone volume could each have a higher maximum volume available, but both are still acceptable.My favorite feature of this phone is that the battery really lasts a long time.  I still charge nightly, but when I get home from work in the evening the batter is still about 3/4 charged.  I use it mostly for talking, texting, and checking email as well as some light web surfing.  I leave 4g and wifi on all the time too and yet it still doesn't seem to affect battery life much.  Overall an excellent phone, no freezes or quirks noticed and I would recommend to others.

HTC one SV "Beats Audio" sucks. Speaker phone is poor and of low quality. When speaking it is very hard for anyone on the other line to hear me, infact i was told it sounds as if I am drowning. After owning the phone 16 days I tried to return it because of the issues described above only to be told, " You are too late for a return to Sprint"  I was out over $300.00. HTC tried to correct it with a manufacture reset and still after 6 months the phone still sucks. Do no waste your money.

I ordered my phone on Tuesday at three in the morning and I placed it with super-saving special delivery for no extra cost!! What makes my experience such a great one is that I got my phone that same week on Saturday! Now I happily have my phone and they got it to my home in 3 days! Also a side note if you didn't realize the delivery date was set for 5-8 business and I got it in 3 just amazing!!

Awesome phone. But even with an SD card inside the app storage doesn't go completely on the SD card. Overall, I love it.

This phone is nice, the best Boost Mobile has to offer currently.  It is quick, lightweight and looks amazing.  Only negative thing I can say is that it had one stuck pixel on the display.  I upgraded from the LG Venice (also a good phone, but only a single core processor and 3g).  I would recommend getting this phone if you were using Boost.

I came from an HTC EVO Design 4g on Boost Mobile. The choice was this phone or the Galaxy S2, I'm glad I went with this phone.For one its LTE where the S2 is still on WiMax, also it is faster and has better graphics processing than the S2.I never had 4g with my Evo because it's running on WiMax still, same with the S2. Now I have 4g pretty much everywhere running on LTE.I have had the phone 2 days now and have nothing bad to say about it, the Beats boost even comes on when I sync it via bluetooth to my radio in my car for Pandora.If you buy this phone you won't be disappointed.

This phone is comparable to contract phones from 1-2 years ago.  Its on par with a Galaxy S3 but with a slimmer profile and smaller screen.  For the price I am very happy with it.  It was a huge upgrade from my last phone (ZTE Warp).

So far so good! Buy the case for it tho , bcz if ur anything like me, butter fingers, the case will save ur phone ;-). Love the phone. Turn it off  at least once a day so the phone can receive proper updates and it won't freeze up. Remember, this phone is like a computer.  I do wish that Amazon would honor price adjustments  right after purchase. The phone went down $15. after I purchased  it a week later.  That's money I could've saved. Lol. Love Amazon  tho.

Love this phone,so many great features the price for this phone is great. 5 stars !!!

I have Cricket Wireless for service.  I have never had any problem with Cricket for the last 15 yrs or more.  I went from a Samsung Razor to this HTC One SV. Big change! My monthly bill is only $55 and I get unlimited everything but storage.My phone didn't come with an instruction book but I found one on line. Best to go to [...] where you can learn much more. I registered on the HTC web site and also called there tech support for some info on Micro SD cards.  The tech I spoke to was very informative and customer friendly, even told me a few things I didn't ask about and did appreciate. 7 days a week closes 6pm ESTMicro SD for this phone max is 32gb, tech said class 2 or 4 will work and they didn't have any further info if there were any problems with any of the other class cards.The "Beats Audio" only works with head phones and can be turned on and off in the notifications area.  Sounds great, my phone has a slight problem with the ear speaker distorting on me.  I have insurance through Cricket but offered only a replacement of a re-manufactured phone, asked HTC they said theyd send it to TX for repair if still under 1yr warranty.  I will hold out for that option as I can live with the occasional distortion.Great App I added was the Norton anti virus for androids.  [...] Its a good idea and has came in handy already.  Tech support helped me by chat and works great.Phone has a reset feature if you goof or get lost like I did.  Just remember to do the update again.Very nice phone!  Ill update if there is any other things to add.  Love it!

At first, I wasn't sure I could work it.  After ready manual and on-hand use, it is a good phone.

Incredible phone at an incredible price. This boost HTC one was an upgrade from my ZTE warp 3g. I would never go back. 4g lte is amazing, call quality and reception have more than doubled. No freezing or glitches. Accepts my 16gb micro sd card no problem. Very nice hd display. Comes with a special edition black and orange casing and BEATS audio. Truly cannot beat this phone fir boost mobile. Best buy I have made in years. Beware the packaging though. Mine came usps in a bubble bag and the display box was smashed but thankfully did not damage the phone.

This phone is barely audible.We miss half our phone calls .My phone switches from WiFi to mobile data continually and has a hard time distinguishing networks when outside.The screen blinks on and off and then I have to press the power button so I can see the screen to hang up. Paid $80 more just to deal with the same problems. Very disappointed.

I had just purchased a Galaxy 2 from Boost but my new Honda would not pair with the phone. The HTC One is working fine and even receive text messages, so now I can enjoy hands free phone communication and safer driving.

This phone is everything I needed and expected. Has plenty of memory for what I use it for. Considering I play alot of games the battery life is what I would expect.

I purchased this for my grandson who just graduated from high school!!  He is very happy with it and really deserved it!

Great phone, it looks very nice , the sound it's terrific, the screen size it's perfect, not bulky, I love it

I had difficulty activating the phone with Boost mobile.  Most of the people I dealt with were difficult to understand...so I sold the phone.

just got the phone today and it works great no light is leaking out of either side of the phone phone looks brand spankin new!!!!!! and it works great the boot loader is looked and shows that nobody tampered with it im very happy with this product this seller is legit so continue to buy from him the shipping info online said i was gonna get it on the 30th i got it on the 24th took 4 days to ships!!!!!! love this phone!

ITs a great phone ..faster then I thought it would be..I love the beats by dre. I listen to music alot...

This phone is capable of performing just as well as the Samsung Galaxy S2, also offered by Boost Mobile, for about $50 cheaper! It has a sleek design and just keeps up with everyday things; even some &#34;out of the ordinary&#34; things for this phones capabilities. I was sort of sketchy at first, being that its a pre-paid phone, but I was surprised how fast this thing was!

I bought this phone on Amazon because it was cheaper brand new than the refurbished phone on the actual boost mobile site. I've had the phone for only a few weeks now and it works great. The memory is good. I have downloaded over a thousand songs onto the device and even without an SD card. I suggest this phone to whoever is looking to buy it. It is much smoother than most android phones. Android can be pretty choppy when changing screens, but this phone is almost as smooth as an iPhone. I like it, the battery last a long while if you use it correctly, I even use a live wallpaper and at the end of the day I still have about 50% battery life left. In order to get that long of life out of the battery i have to do a few things. Turn off WiFi, turn off Data when i am not using it, turn off GPS and put it on power save mode, I can text and call day and still have life at the end of the day. The service is decent, I have to walk outside in order to get a clear call, but that's just Boost mobile, you get what you pay for and honestly for the price I am very pleased.

My first smart phone, so I can't compare.  But it is very responsive to my touch.  does everything I  want.  Better service than with my Boost blackberry - I hardly ever drop a call.  (Blackberry dropped at 2 intersections near my house every time I drove by them - on my handsfree set of course!).  4G is lightning fast, when I have it.. which due to my location isn't all the time.  rear camera is decent for a phone.  Front camera is very fairly poor.. but does its job of letting us skype.  I turned on facial recognition lock screen, which I love.  You have to go into the settings and take many photos of yourself at the beginning or else it always fails.  But after 10 or so training shot - it works almost all the time in proper lighting.  I have mine set for number password incase it doesn't recognize me.. I'm still able to get in and still protected from strangers (and prying children!).  For me, it's a great size - big enough to read - small enough to fit in my pocket.

I have nothing to say but great things about this phone. Its fast, sleek, looks great, and best of all...its HTC.

Too much for the price, internal memory very small, small screen, the only good is thin and beautiful, need to improve

This phone is okay, not as good as I thought it would have been.

I've had this for a week now. I love this phone, its not too big, not too small. Very thin. Very fast. I mean fast enough to be useful and has not freezed up or slowed down.  I don't use it for gaming.  Some have mention the picture quality isn't very good, well it is very good.  Its almost as good as the iPhone, but I've seen really high end phones with better picture quality.  It is good enough to be a smart phone you wont be disappointed. For $119 this phone is worth every penny!!! Boost sells it for $250!! Ouch!! Hope you don't pay that much.  For a limited time only they are selling it for $110 now, but its Refurbished! Not bad, Glad I bought it here NEW&#34; and it took only two days to ship with PRIME!! NICE huh!!YouTube videos load up fast through wifi, the downside is Boost network, you only have so much data usage before things start slowing down, I try not to use it to see clips, just texts and internet browsing.  My girlfriend who has an iPhone, couldn't put it down, she really like it a lot. She loved how easy it is to navigate through it. Its very responsive and feels very SMOOTH with the touch of your fingers. Scrolling is quick and smooth. LOVE it so far!!The bad, I don't like the orange/red, but I got a charcoal black cover for it, so that will take care of it. Texting isn't the best, the keys are often hard to find. But coming from a guy who has owned a keyboard qwarty phone forever, I am learning how to type on it. There are downloads which can help, I am going to see if I can do it faster if not will download a keyboard app. Also, you cannot watch YOUTUBE and text at the same time. Multitasking. Otherwise its worth every penny!!  Buy this phone, don't waste your money on other stuff, this is a great phone!!

This phone is on Boost in Chicago. Now the first review reads like an ad from Boost, don'tcha think? Boost, Sprint and US Cellular are soon to merge, so that might help. I've had US cellular since before they were Primeco. There's a reason for that; the damn thing works in my house. I've had the same phone for 9 years. It needs to WORK above all else. It needs to sound good, first, store music well, and move and take pix without needing a degree in comouter science.I do NOT see 300.00 here. Boost can be cheap all they want, but if it's a very expensive doorstop in my house, what good is it? No one would even get me an ethernet to hook it up to a booster or what they call a "repeater." This boosts your signal on internet or antenna so u don't always get dumped while you're uploading. I use verizon with an Amped 5,000 ft reach Wireless repeater. THAT was worth 75.00. It has a 85-90% work rate with the repeater. Much less without.The US cell phone works almost anywhere in my house, including basement and bath to some extent. What if you had a medical injury and couldn't get a damn signal? It may cost 140 a month to stay out of contract, but cheap is no good if it don't work.The picture-moving is a real pain. I have a few I took w it that WILL NOT move to Twitter, after being moved to the laptop. NONE of my old files I took with my ancient Olympus have this stupid problem.I plug that old sucker in, get an icon asking if I want to upload them to PC, click yes and the Wizard does it all with nothing more out of me. They WORK. They are high-resolution, btw.It's alright as a phone, I guess. You don't need high-res for that. That's why God made Bose QC 15 noise cancelling headphones. The internet takes forever, and more often times out. I miss the tiny signal icons that you could switch bluetooth ad signal pickups from on main screen.As a camera, you get the best pic in the BEST possible light, not too birhgt, not too dark. How often do you have that? I am with Stanley Kubrick on the issue of flash. ABSOLUTELY NOT! EVER! Use a real light.I see no difference with "low light" setting, It just looks grainy. You get sharp pics if the light is perfect, as I said. But if they're VERY hard to move, what good's it??I don't see a total of 500.00 with insurance, service, headphones, and tax. I'm not going to pay for it for 18  months, either. I;m sending it back. I need to be REAL impressed for five bills.I was much more impressed with the 6G Ipod Mini+HP someone gave me free. It was easy to use, once I told it we're a later version than itunes thinks. It kees a charge nice, was cheap (free's cheap) and it has a nice feel. Capacity's impressive. Wish you could charge as you use it, and add over just erase the whole thing. I do forget to lock functions, and you can go deaf that way.As I said, forget this one, or at least send it back when you confirm what I already said. From Best buy you get thrity days with no return fee. I don't play with return fees (ie, AT&T;). Good products don't get returned.

I love the phone it's fast and has a lot of new usable features.

I like this phone a lot. I linked it with my Boost Mobile service with out any issues. I recommend ordering cases and screen protectors through amazon as well! Though I like the feel of mine with out a case.

Awesome, awesome! phone/decent provider.  Features may actually surpass those of the iphone!!  Yeah!  It's THAT nice!  I almost returned this phone at first, because my data(for emails etc.) wasn't syncing.  Then realized that I had to change my security settings!!!  You cannot have the account verification turned on through google+ and use this phone.  So I had to turn these setting OFF, then download the Google Authenticator app!  Problem solved!  So, lucky I fully investigated this.  And now everyone who reads this can get a heads up on this, because Boost mobile had no clue about this issue with the security settings, nor did hTc company.  You got it live though,  here and now from AMAZON!!!

The HTC One SV is the best compact size 4g LTE phone on the Boost Mobile network. It is the perfect size for smaller hands and has premium styling consistent with its premium price.Although Boost's 4g LTE network currently reaches only 40% of American homes, it will reach o60% by December and 80% next year.Boost offers the larger and bulkier Samsung SIII and LG F7. The HTC One SV offers the same 4g LTE speed as those models at a lower price. And, the HTC is a better fit for smaller hands and tight jeans pockets.The HTC takes adequate photos outdoors and fair photos indoors. The rear speaker is adequate but music sounds much better with good headphones.Battery life depends on how you use your phone. If you turn OFF locations and disable "Google Now" and keep 3g, wi-fi, gps and bluetooth turned off except when needed you can get up to 24 hours on each battery charge.Go to the Boost Mobile website and study the coverage map for your home and neighborhood before you buy a Boost phone. Many smaller towns have ZERO Boost coverage.

Great phone. A pain to activate.

Well the HTC One SV on Boost Mobile is a decent phone.Mobile hotspot cannot be accessed with this phone.However I live in the Chicago area, and I always get 4g LTE on the phone, I tested with speed test.net app.Here is the rating I got, 17 mbps data download speed! WOW!The lowest speed for download I received was 8 mbps.Call that slow, and you're crazy.My friend tested her iphone 4s on AT&T; and her 3G speed was .89 mbps average.This phone is reasonably priced at $299, if that is too much for you I should suggest you look into the Kyocera Hydro currently priced @ $59.00 on Amazon.comIf you are into GSM phones look into the google play store for their unlocked phones like the nexus 4.However this phone has decent battery life, decent screen quality. Even though the specs seem like this phone would nothave a decent screen,it does have a very usable screen.I came from a Samsung Galaxy S3 FLASHED to Boost Mobile, where I was only receiving 3G data speeds, to this phone.The GS3 is an amazing phone, if flashed it's data speeds are slow. I do not feel like I'm missing too much from the changing of my phones.I feel like I gained something special in return, 4G LTE, that is a killer feature of this phone on Boost Mobile.Call quality is the same, no dropped calls mms is great text is not delayed, everything else is great.Trust me the phone is the best Boost mobile has to offer currently. If you are not on Boost, you can buy a better phone, but you will pay more altogether.Check the sprint website before you buy enter your zipcode to see if the sprint towers in you area offer 4G LTE data.Good luck.[...]

Its a Decent phone. Only problem is that everyone I talk to on speakerphone, complains that they hear a loud echo.

I very much enjoy this phone!  I had the Samsung Galaxy S2 and I accidentally dropped it.  Luckily I purchased insurance from Best Buy for only $40 for a year. While the S2 was a good phone,  the HTC One SV is far better!  It comes with 4G lte and is blazing fast. It comes standard with a full functioning GPS free.Another feature I enjoy is it has a call favorites screen. All your contacts can be connected to Facebook. You don't need to log on to Facebook to know their status or their comments,  everything is published per contact on your phone.It comes standard with a FM radio,  the phone is a perfect size, fits comfortable in your hand, it's made solid and comes with a front facing camera and a rear HD camera and video.Another plus is the battery life,  roughly 16-19 hours and when it's practically out of juice, recharging this phone is super quick.I was reluctant at first to trade in my service from Verizon to go to Boost. I am so happy I did. I pay with Boost $55 per month unlimited and I am on their shrinkage plan.  Every 6 months you pay on time your monthly fee drops $5, eventually you will be paying $35 for unlimited super fast coverage ($35 is the lowest the plan goes)  Oh and Btw the $55 you do pay is exact, no extra hidden feesYou do have to pay full for the phone, but it is so worth the trade of paying standard $110 per month.  Also with Boost there is no contract.I highly recommend this phone and this plan. Before you buy check your area to see your coverage.

This phone is awesome super fast 4g lte and has a great look. I promise you, you want be disappointed with this phone every aspect of this phone is awesome. Just to let everyone know I'm not new to smart phones I have had a lot of them from the HTC hero, iPhone and Samsung galaxy 1 2 3 I know a little bit about them. This phone is the best I've had bar none.

We were looking at a different HTC Android for $50 less, but we weren't pleased when we went into a Boost store to see it, and the reps wouldn't let us hold it (The reviews were mixed).  So we ordered this One SV and feel it's well made, runs fast, and does everything my wife needs it to.  The Boost activation was even easy.

I like how this phone works. The only issue is the battery life. Seems to last only about 4 - 5 hours b4 needing charging & then takes hours to charge.

This phone is awesome and i enjoy it very much. There best bang for the buck!! The prompt shipping was a plus as well.

This cell phone is a lot more than I expected and was 100 dollars less than Radio Shack

Its ok
