
I like everthing.. the features & so on. The cost is worth it... :)) I don't have any complain. & it arrived on time.

This phone is purchased by seller outside of the US. When I received and begun using it, it turned off by itself. In addition it will not operate on 4g network instead only operates on E. When I complained about this to the seller they stated they didn't accept returns but I can call Samsung to resolve issues since it was under warranty . When I spoke with Samsung and gave them the necessary phone info. Samsung stated they couldn't help me b/c this model GT 19500 was purchased outside the USA and therefore I would have to contact Samsung in the country it was purchased from. Needless to say the company thru Amazon I purchased it from told me they couldn't and wouldn't do anything further. I lost close to $700.00 to them. Buyer be ware if the phone model is not SGH 19500 Don't buy it ! one more tidbit, it's not listed as model# GT 19500 just S4 19500 so before purchasing from any online vendor make sure the phone is an SGH19500 model.

I have purchased this product about 3 months ago and it started having a problem already. I just started to learn how to use smart phone by learning all the options from this phone.The phone can't do the capture screen by swiping or rolling up and down screen. some time the phone is freezing. I wonder that this phone is a referbished phone or reused phone :(Very disappointed!

This phone is an awesome Android OS phone. It has many user features which are great when using social media and email apps. Overall I am able to call, message, and surf with ease and comfort. The camera works well and is great for point-and-shoot applications. I would recommend this phone to others.

I ordered as a present for my husband Birthday, arrived on time and OMG this phone is Amazing, the color, the style of this phone and the applications are just excellent

Better than iphone, Samsung Galaxy 4 is a good improvement of Galaxy S3 and the best choice of all smartphones

The seller helps me with the delivery time and the product is fine and works well but the cellphone didn't bring the manual but its ok,  recomended seller..

Nice phone, fast, powerful, excellent camera.Plastic construction makes it light but not as premium in the hand as HTC one or even Sony Xperia Z.Excellent Product!

i ordered this and it turned out to be fake! It dropped slightly and the camera wouldn't work at all and Pandora didn't work at all! Don't get it!

The phone is pretty nice looking, i like the screen well it for my mother so i hope she enjoy the phone

For years, I had been using Apple's iPhone, and now, for the first time, I decided to try switching to Android... and I'm not disappointed. This phone has some very powerful components inside that can easily rival the iPhone 5s that Apple recently released. The battery life on this phone is very nice, and now having the ability to easily swap out the used battery for a charged one allows me to easily last a couple days without charging anything! With the camera at 13 MPs compared to the iPhone 5s's 8 MP camera, there is a slightly noticeable difference when you zoom in on a photo, showing the S4's camera to be a bit crisper. The camera also does well in low-light situations, although I have seen the iPhone's to be a bit better.The processor in this phone is also a very powerful one, being able to handle pretty much any application you can throw at with ease. That along with the great screen resolution allows for some very nice-looking and smooth gaming on the phone. Another nice feature in here that the iPhone still hasn't gotten for some reason, is NFC (near field communication), which allows small data transfers just by putting your phone within a centimeter or so of the other device or tag. Lastly is having the ability to add memory to the phone via a microSD card slot in the battery case, which is something I've never had the ability to do with the iPhone, and it makes the phone much better.Basically, if you're considering the iPhone 5s, please consider this phone beforehand, because you'll spend less money and got an equal to better phone!

I recommend everyone who got boring from his apple iPhone to change to galaxy s4. The only one thing is missing is the 4G network..

Quick background, wife and I upgraded from iPhone 4.  Career wise, I am in technology so this phone appealed to me.  I was frustrated with the iPhone adapter change, even though probably needed and improvement.  I desperately wanted profile management options which I could get in the Samsung.  I wanted it to work.The Pros:-Screen so big even our older eyes can read the small print.-Camera was absolutely amazing.  Quality was great, some of the effects were incredible or simply fun.-Nice style-Apps galore.-Audio quality was a step up over iPhone 4.-Regular mini-usb connectors that most phones use these days.-No iTunes needed.  :)-The plastic case did not bother either of us.  Felt good and light.-If you do not like something, there is an app that will probably suit you.-I like the Widgets but practically, it is not more efficient in most regards.-Has Google Maps-You can add extra RAM-Removable batteryThe Cons:-Screen so big you almost always have to use two hands-People blow the Samsung technical specs out of proportion.--Yes it has 16GB of ram but 8GB of that is used before you power it on.  Technically, you are getting a 2006 8GB phone.--Yes you can add your own memory card but not all apps will let you run or store data to it.  So only partially useful.--Yes, fastest processing but even apps with great reviews do not seem to be efficiently written gauging from how quickly they can slow down the fastest phone ever.-If you do not like something, there is an app you can load but each app seems to make the phone slower and slower and slower.  Sometimes the app has its own problems too. (more in a second)-Natively, does not do group messaging correctly.  Replies come back to sender, not group.-Load the highest ranked messaging app to fix group messaging, it struggles to send a picture from either of our phones for hours and sometimes days.  Send from regular messenger, works fine.  So now using two messengers.-The Samsung keyboard is nice that it has numbers on it but we could not get the feel down.  We loaded the Jellybean keyboard and liked it much more. No big deal, just another item to do.- My Profile Management app that was a big reason for the switch was really impressive but not consistent and I suspect the biggest reason for my Samsung to slow down.  An app that does not work consistently and slows down the phone is no more beneficial than not having the app available at all.-Running Widgets seems to slow it down, and really, if you have 6 pages of widgets, you may do 5 swipes to get to it.  Where if you use Easy/icon mode or an iPhone, you are in your popular apps in one or two clicks.  So neat but truly, not practical from efficiency of getting to the data or the overhead it loads.-The voice to text recognition is YEARS BEHIND Siri.  I tried "Galaxy" for weeks with laughable results.  It or I got better but never consistent enough to "use" it.  Siri is simply rock solid.  Want a comparison.  Say "Hello Galaxy" the built in command to initiate the voice commands on the Galaxy and say it a little off,  the Samsung does not know if you want to look up things about the outer space Galaxy or use it to do something.  Really?  Siri, ask it anything and it gets it.  Ask it something stupid and it still replies with a cheeky but accurate response.-My wife's phone would not keep a charge and froze constantly.  Mine was just slow with the apps and 5 pages (comes with 6 screens loaded) of common Widgets-Transferring items like pictures from the Galaxy had mixed results.  We could not transfer from one computer no matter what USB version port I used, it would crash the Windows Explorer.  On the other system it worked fine.  I would blame the computer 100% but the iPhones work fine on either.-The Galaxy is awkward in the pocket, darn near impossible to get out of pocket while driving, looks stupidly geeky in a holster and almost as ridiculous held to your head.- I found the Air Gesture, eye scanning movement stuff to be neat but unreliable.  I turned it off.- We both experienced issues with our screens not keeping their settings or apps in the nested folders.  Very weird.We went to the iPhone 5-One handed operation-Rock solid performance-We actually use Siri... it works and is helpful-Maps seem decent.  No issue thus far.  I am a fan of Google Maps though-Don't want to purchase a bunch of the new iPhone charge adapters?  Look at something like the Mophie case with built in battery.  You can use the common mini-USB to charge your phone, while protecting your phone AND increasing iPhone battery life up to 120%.  Pricey but pretty cool.  (However, have to remove the bottom of the case to do anything data related.  No big deal to remove the case but a con)-Fits comfortably in the pocket even with the Mophie case.-I admit, going back to iPhone 5 seems a little elementary feeling compared to the open ended Galaxy but bottom line, this is a cell phone/smartphone.  I want to use it, not tinker with it.  iPhone simply works.My suggestion:If you are an old iPhone user, over 35, not into tinkering with your phone, or have small hands / do not like bulky items, I would lean towards the iPhone.  I love Samsung products and this phone has a lot of potential but it came up way short for me.  My wife was done with it before I was but after a few weeks I had to admit, it still felt cumbersome in every aspect. This is a phone and to me it should be reliable like a toaster.FYI - ATT has a NEW, REDUCED FROM 30 DAY, 14 DAY SWAP POLICY!  After that, you are buying your replacement at full purchase price or setting up a "ghost" line with a two year agreement to move over to a different device at a lesser cost.We returned our Galaxy's after two weeks and went back to iPhone, on the 5 version.  Very happy with the 5.  Gave the Samsung a two because I feel like it should have been a step up and for the over rated specs.  There are aspects of it that are great but for the two of us, it was a step up down, inconsistent or malfunctioning and the specs did not return better performance.

The phone was delivered to me in early July and less than 3 months, the phone isn't working anymore. I was told the panel has crashed and there's nothing I can do to fix it. How do spend 625 box on a new phone and it doesn't last 3 months? Unfortunately, i've been informed that nothing can be done about it

Delivered within 36  hours great service. Now if only I can find a decent typing application. ( I have tried them all )Still can't throw away the trusty blackberry for email but the SG4 is must for everything else.

I purchased this phone as a gift for a friend. It came right on the time specified. It was exactly as I had ordered and my friend is loving it. Great buy. No regrets.

Brazil - Gramado - Rio Grande do Sulhe both this phone looks great big Screen and so one, however after 2 weeks He sold out and guess what, yes He got the iPhone 5  - in my opinion spend a little and buy it the iPhone 5 one if happen same thing any apple store around the world you can change to new one in one year warranty - different from samsung happened with a tv before big drama. I don`t recommend.

I give this phone a 4 star review from the perspective of an every day user. I have to admit I am not a Techy. I just like Tech toys. There are multiple Techy reviews available for this phone so I wanted to review it for the "every-day" user.My previous phone was an iPhone5 (I've also had the iPhone4) from ATT and luckily, my wife took that phone and I was able to get the Samsung S4 from ATT. I've had the Samsung for a week now since it's release last week and below are my thoughts on everyday use.The Pros:The screen is amazing. The larger screen is significantly notable compared to my iPhone5. On paper, it doesn't sound like much but when I open the same Apps on both phones there is a huge difference. Reading and surfing the web is much easier on the eyes (it might be that I am getting older eyes now that I am officially in my 40's).The Widgets are very cool! Having information quickly on my screen is so convenient.The expandable memory slot is great! I wanted a phone with larger memory but the ATT store only had the 16Gig. So, I ordered a 64Gig micro SD card and now have 80Gig phone (although there are some limitations as I will write below)I've been able to download most of the Apps I was using on the iPhone but there are some differences. For example, I love the AnyDo App but it's not as good on the android as the iPhone (lack of calender view, etc)I almost forgot... it works great for phone calls :-)Cons:The Samsung is not as intuitive or as user-friendly as the iPhone (Disclaimer: this may be that I've used an iPhone for several years)The Samsung does not "play" nice with my bluetooth devices in the car. For example, I like to use a bluetooth headset for phone calls when I am in the car and the car's bluetooth for the music. On the iPhone, the transition from the headset to car was easy and flawless. On the Samsung, it does not want to switch devices very easily.I wrote above that the expandable slot is great to have... the deficiency is that you have to determine when/how the external memory will be used. To further add to the confusion, you can't control this in the Settings menu under "Storage". After hours of trying to find where to go (as you can imagine the 16Gig is used up quickly if you put all your music, photos, etc.) I accidentally, found the "My Files" folder where you can decide how the external memory will be used... Again, another example where it is not as user-friendly as the iPhone.Samsung claims that it is easy to "transfer" music, photos, etc from iPhone. This has not been the case for me. Their "transfer" software was glitchy and did not work well-only some of the information transferred. I've also downloaded Samsung Kies (I think this is their effort at imitating Desktop iTunes) and, again, it does not play nice with the phone. I have a 2013 Dell laptop with Window 8 and, OFTEN, Kies just stops working. I have yet to transfer even my favorite playlists.The voicemail function isnot as nice as the iPhone. They are not organized in a visual manner.The default setting is that the large Power button on the side will disconnect a phone call if pushed (this is easy to do by accident - I've accidentally hung up on a few people)but the setting can be changed.Overall, I like the phone (4 out of 5 stars) but it is definitely NOT an iPhone Killer. I would say that, overall, they are on-par with each other but differ depending on your predominant use.

This phone is better than advertised , i absolutely love this phone , buy 2 or 3 and you wont regret it, it has a  better camera than my camera...lol , this is my first samsung product!! and im happy as  ever!!!!  if you ever though about buying 1  of these phones, dont hesitate!!!!!!!!  touch screen is the bomb!!!!!!!  my first touch screen phone, taught i would have a  hard time adjusting to this buttonless device, i was  wrong!! and dont even miss the buttons !!!!!!!  its a  good fit!!!  dont even review anymore phones, Samsung Galaxy S4 is the way to go, im sorry sorry i took so long to purchase it!!!!!!

Fake Samsung Galaxy S4. Used, non sealed box. Fake accessories, and without any papers provided about the phone in the box. Not the US Nor International version.

Oh the phone is amazing! It's all i want from a phone. I like phones and techs that are user friendly. It is all worth it. I had an S2 and it is a major improvement from S2. The only thing is if you like a phone with such a big screen. For me it's perfect as i am doing a lot of internet on it. It is a good deal quality vs money.

won't give it a full 5 stars, i think the battery runs down just a little too quickly for my liking lucky me i bought back-up batteries. luv the features. great phone

Do not buy this phone the screen is so cheap and breaks with the lightest hit. Don't buy this phone NO GOOD

I damaged the phone came to Venezuela I can do?is a Chinese version or low gammaI want to repay me my money or change the product

I have the galaxy S brand since the first one (except the S3) and i say this brand is always getting better, i have to switch to S4 beacuse my S2 was stolen but now i see what i was missing, my phone is always fast, the screen is gorgeous and combining with the S-Cover (the one with the tiny screen) is a perfect combination,I know there's a lot of phones and maybe best ones out there, but this one has many software addons that makes perfect, the hands free gestures are great (except the video stopper) and the watchOn app works flawlessly.There are only two dowsides that i dont care, the system really has 16GB of storage, but you only have 8GB of available usage, i have spotify with all my music downloaded, also i have like 10 pages of apps and stil have 2GB of storage.

Samsung Galaxy S4 I9500 16Gb White WiFi Android Unlocked Cell Phone is so nice.  I bought a case because it's so tiny.  The features are easy to get all you do is go to You-tube and find one review live and you will have it down.  I bought a car charger so it's always charged, the only thing I want to get is this new charger thing for it so it will last longer charged.  So if they created one to keep a charge longer than others, they will have tons of buyers out there on the market for cell phone users.  I am so sick of cords and charging in the modern world.

It's great!....

This phone is fast, has a huge but amazing screen and a camera that makes my iphone look like I am taking crappy pictures.  The android os is customizable and has all the apps you would want on the google play store.  You can also make it into a hotspot on demand if you need to without having to pay extra :) a big plus for those times you need to share your mobile broadband connection with a friend or laptop.My girlfriend loved it and uses it everyday for anything and everything from talking on the phone to snapchat, to writing novels.  It's been reliable and a eye catcher for those who see it and wish they had such a awesome phone.

i bought this for a friend, she asked me to buy this. so i don't know if she likes or not

es KOREANO, articulo falso. No agarra 3g solo 2g, for my this phone is very bad, no working well in my country.

Do not order from cell surfers if you want the international model (i9500) i got the sgh-i337.Other than that the galaxy s4 is a fantastic phone for the phone itself the rating is 5.

I purchased a T-mobile one from a seller and the device works fine but it was not unlocked. I like the phone and luckily I use t-mobile so I kept it but the seller did not have the phone unlocked previously which is why this is 3 stars.

I HAD THIS PHONE FOR 2 WEEKS AND THERE IS NO HELP TO FIX THE SCREEN. IT CRACKED SO EASY I WILL NEVER BUY A SAMSUNG PRODUCT AGAIN. THERE CUSTOMER SERVICE IS THE WORST. THEY WILL NOT HELP ME NOR WILL THEY FIX THE PHONE BEING ONLY 2 WEEKS OLD NEVER AGAIN

I am sure the phone is the best in the market so far. However the UNLOCKED INTERNATIONAL version does not have warranty. After 3 weeks the phone stopped working. He stayed with the black screen of death. I have contacted Samsung in USA, India, Korea and South Africa but they did not give any warranty because is an international phone. They don't even give technical support for what they call &#8220;international phones&#8221;. Therefore, it can be the best phone in theory but with out warranty or technical support it is trash. BE CAREFUL WITH UNLOCKED PHONES

I have not been able to use this phone.  I can't answer it.  I pay for it and wish I had my old phone back.  Perhaps you could schedule a class on how to use it or answer the messages when the phone rings.

My very first smartphone! I decided on this one instead of an iPhone, mainly because of the raves about the camera. I am amazed by the quality of the photos. I was expecting a huge learning curve, but found none. I will never be without it!

good day buy this product at $ 570 and they sent me an imitation swindled me ever knowing that the mica deteriorationand replace it when they said it was not the original samsung s4 galasy

I9500 has no LTE ; only 3GI9505 has LTE . 4G.International version might not have warrant. please double check.Good luck buying

I really enjoy the larger screen and the motion detection, after getting used to it.I had trouble with my service provider and getting data working on it, but a Internet search got me the critical setup info, and I am truly pleased with the phones performance.

Brand New...Excellent product...Fast shipping.Great Phone...Gave a gift to my brother...He loves it!!Good price, good communication..will definitely buy again

This is a terrific smart phone.  It is fast, easy to use, and extremely handy as reminder.  The sync feature makes it very easy to back up information.  I am very happy with this purchase.

Everything that was promised was delivered as far as the item and delivery time. No hassle or damaged goods. Over all very satisfied with the purchase and the GS$!!!

Depending on the firmware it comes with it can reboot after opening the camera app. But the features and the speed of it are amazing.

it's nice, it has lot of applications, we enjoy it very much. nice color, ligth, fast, cheap, good camera, fine for internet

i just got my unlocked galaxy s4 this afternoon and im super happy. i have been with out a phone for about a week now because my preveous phone was stolen. i was afriad that i would have a hard time setting up my phone. but so far its been a breeze. i just turned it one and slip in my sim card and i was back in business. the phone looks very new. i tred out the camera, the pictures were unbelievable.i really needed to get this phone as fast as friday which would have been 2 business days due to i was leaving over the weekend. so i sent a message to seller and he replyed back fairly fast and said that he would try to get it to me as soon as he could as long as the delivery charge isnt to much. he came throw and i got my phone in 3days. thanks a lot.

Thanks, really i love this product, I  think it's top of  all phone. Excellents aplications. Really wonderfull.thanks so much again.

I purchased the S4 brought it home and it wont connect to my wifi. It says that it's connected but wont update.  I returned the phone, got another S4 and have the same problem. I spent 4 hours with Samsung tech chat and 2 hours with Samsung phone chat to find put that they are aware of a software gitch that makes it not work with some routers. They are not currently working on a fix or patch so if you have this problem plan on a very large headache, lots of wasted time on the phone with Samsung and a phone that only works while using your data. Or plan to buy a new router and even then they cant tell you which routers it works with??  I do not recommend this product!!

Is this a U.S. version because I thought it was it doesn't say international im just confused, I hope its the US version

love the s4, screen is superb, software gadgets are amusing, battery life is better then most people will tell you, mine lasts a full workday day without problems. processing speed is amazing, when ram memory is full, the phone will restart automatically before it freezes up! camera is 12 Mp and pics and video's are top quality.what really amazes me it handles my multiple email accounts without problems where insane amounts of email keep streaming in, it just doesn't freez up !!!(previous phones could not handle the emails). Lovin it !Update 15 September 6 months post purchase:Still deeply in love with this phone, battery life has improved strangely enough it lasts me 1.5 days now...pictures from this S4 camera are incredible in daylight, shots in poor light are so so as most cell phones are.I highly recommend this phone for anyone that likes a superb smartphone with a big screen and doesn't want to be an apple sheep.

I purchased this phone in early June and have had it for almost a month. I love the features and how it's unlocked, but because it was an international version it only came with a Euro wall charger in the box and I did not receive an american wall charger, therefore had to purchase one separately, so be aware that you will have to pay extra for the charger, maybe even purchase it with the phone at the same time so you can charge your phone once you get it.

Was very excited to receive phone, but when I got it I quickly learned it wasn't what I expected. The battery drains within 10 minutes. The seller should have informed me of this, seeing as the phone had been used before.

Just look at the benchmarks. Take this phone, if you have one, and compare it to the iPhone. Better yet, play a game, or read something on S4 then try to do the same on the iPhone.I don't know which governance of the 5th order decided to play secret "fan boy" marketing, but iPhone has died a while back. I honestly don't think that's going to effect the global market, as long as one makes more money, and we make the deal.As far as this phone goes. Yes. It's plastic. But it's lighter than you think it should be possible. Yes. The design is boring as hell. But once you see the screen, it's simply amazing, how much resolution this bad boy commands. Yes, it's faux aluminum, but who the hell care? I have yet to see an iPhone user carry their "amazingly beautiful" iPhone without some ugly ass case that adds about an inch on every side.Do you know what's so great about this phone? It's the fact that people who knows, and who does their research knows that this is the best phone in the market... EVER, and there is a large enough market to protect this phone from shattering and it'll still have this massive HD screen at more pixels than the iPhone.I like this phone. Not just for the game, but the speed of how things happen. Real Racing 3. My phone! The graphic on this phone is amazing, and I'm pretty sure, iPhone isn't there yet. They're so riding the good thing for the last 10 years or so, they forgot what made them great in the first place. I mean, come on, give Jonathan Ive the 90% control of the company, and have the corporate MBA's run the BS.You're just judging the book by its cover if you like Apple anything. Trust me, as an industrial designer/graphic designer for a long time, I've grew up MAC. Now, they're obsolete, and they ride on their reputation. Don't get me started on their tax evasion from USA, and modern day sweat shops they run to make your precious crap-phone.  It's so outdated, having iPhone today is like having only the beepers when the Motorola Razor came out.After few weeks, I think Samsung did a good job. I actually prefer how HTC does UX, and they do it a lot better than Samsung, and Samsung needs some people who can speak up to their management, because I think they have no leadership at that company. If they had, they would know that even though people are right handed, and especially right handed, people would hold the phone on their left to use the phone with their right hand. Why the hell is the back button on the right side? Also, why is the home button a push button when either side of the home button is a touchscreen buttons. Tactically, it's the stupidest thing ever. I don't want to tap, then push. Honestly, I don't want to push anything, because my mind doesn't want to adjust to that ONE button that requires more pressure than the other buttons (like the keyboard).I found that this phone gets really greasy. No idea why. I've had a lot of phones in my life, but this phone, for some reason, gets my hands greasy. No matter how much I wash my hands, and clean the phone, it just gets greasy, which is something that's never happen to me before. It's almost like the plastic and the screen is injected with grease, almost like an iphone.Battery life at 2600mAh is at 40% by noon from 7 am on normal use, like reading the news, playing few games, checking emails, sending emails, taking few pictures.  That's with constantly killing task through Samsung's own task killer program.Anker battery is what I got, since they guarantee the NFC with the phone, since apparently that's a big problem with the aftermarket batteries. Something about resetting the data, or something...Overall:I wish it had another OS, like one from HTC. I really liked my HTC android. It was intuitive, and the design was thought out, both industrial, and software wise... The only thing about HTC One is that you can't change the battery on it. That's the only reason why I got this phone, and I don't really reg... oh what am I saying... I wish HTC One can have the back plate open, then I would of gotten than, even though the bench mark for Galaxy S4 is higher than HTC One.If you have an amazing car, but if you can't drive it around the corner, because the car isn't balanced and not thought out, then your slightly under power, better balance car will make you happier at the end of the day.Overall, Samsung needs to hire some new UX people, because they all either suck, or the corporate decision that's conservative is what's killing this amazing piece of phone that can, if you want, take you back to the future.

I am learning and enjoying this phone, but I hate the battery life. I wish there was a better battery in the phone. I love Samsung  product and this product is great.

Our little town in the middle-of-nowhere finally got an AT&T 4G cell tower.  So, we purchased this unlocked android on Amazon and took it to an AT&T store 300 miles away. The AT&T guy was incredibly helpful. He set us up with an AT&T Go-Phone plan that costs about half of what our old basic (no texting, no internet) AT&T contract cost. Now we have internet, texting, U-Tube, e-mail, 8 mega-pixel camera -- all on this one great Android. It is so simple to operate that even as a first-time android user, I've never had to read the instructions. We did the math and, at Amazon's price, this pricey little android will pay for itself in just 7 months when using a Go-phone account instead of signing up for the AT&T contract.

Received on time.. nicely packed and works great.The only word I have for product is Awesome!!!I am Happy with this purchase.

I bought this for a friend of mine for her birthday! She loves it! Now I am going to get me one!

This phone is incredible so far. Only had it a few weeks so still discovering all it could do. Favorite thing is ability to control the TVs but there is so much more I find out everyday.

nice phone over prized for the moment but is amazing how good the camera work and the whole samsung experience is really  nice five star to the product

After 3 months the phone is not recognizing any SIM card. The seller won't replace it because it past three months and now Samsung wants to charge me like 400 dollars to replace the motherboard of the phone. I'm so frustrated because I've spent a lot of money on this phone and is not working any more.

Galaxy S4 has proved itself to be the best of all my phone collection. None of the existing phones can be compared functionally with it. Every aspect of this phone seems to be perfect and distinct. I recommend this phone. Hence, the phone earned 5 stars on a scale of 0 to 5.

a good phone, arrived on time, excellent android phone, get in your package, new with all accessories, recommended 100%,worth buying

I am completely happy with my new Galaxy S4 phone. I has so many features that I will have to spend many hours exploring it.

This is the GT I9500 version which comes with Power VR 544MP3 GPU, a lot better than Adreno 320 which can be found in US version.Someting the transaction between A15 and A7 core are noticeble but this is just a softerware issue and could be fixed easily in the future.

Ever since I watched the Samsung Galaxy S4 launch at "Radio City Music Hall" I've wanted this phone. They made the gesturing and eye tracking look so awesome! However both are difficult to use, and cut my battery life in half. I tried to impress my friends with the hand/eye features, but just ended up looking dumb when I couldn't get them to work consistently.Maybe it takes practice, I don't know.My phone stayed hot too. (even when idle) I finally had to disable them or else keep charging my phone twice a day.Why would I buy a phone for features I can't even use?Some other observations.The screen is awesome!The call quality is good.The camera is good, but not great.The phone is VERY light.The battery life is normal with all the bells and whistles turned off.The phone has the same glitchy-ness found in all Android phones. In fact, I've had to restart it three times in the four days I've had it just for setting changes to show up. I also had one lock up.I bought mine directly from VERIZON, but they won't accept my review despite re-writing it several times. (maybe because it's not 5 stars)Don't get me wrong, it's a nice phone, but I can't use the things I bought it for!I wanted to like this phone so bad, but I find myself just disappointed.a few days later.......I've been tinkering with it a bit more, watching the "top of screen icons". As I do, I've noticed that the phone is constantly looking for my face (or any movement) Even when I am not directly in front of it I can see it reacting to other things going on in the room. Certainly this is the cause of the battery drain. I imagine that battery technology just isn't ready for total hands free phone use. Don't get me wrong the phone has a lot of great qualities, and I'm sure that anyone who buys it will enjoy their new phone. Personally, I am a big fan of Samsung products. Ever since I watched the Samsung Galaxy S4 launch at "Radio City Music Hall" I've wanted this phone. They made the gesturing and eye tracking look so awesome! I just want anyone reading this to know that some of those features have limitations.

Perfect samsung galaxy s4. It's amazyn.The best, this phone is exactly as the seller offer... when you use it, no other cellphones can be compare.Excellent.

now there is something wrong with the phone,I can't call out and someone can't call in!Even through I tried another SIM card,it still the same problem ,I want to ask you how long is the warranty period for my phone, can I still it back you and fix it for me?Because now just 5 more months,the phone is broken!And when I go to the keyboard I enter &#34;*#06#&#34;I got &#34;null&#34;,how do you explain it?Another samsung phone I enter the same thing I got a series of number like 353926052871109,just a few months now my phone is over

The Samsung Galaxy S4 is one of the best phones ever. It's light and small for such a big screen (5&#34;). The screen is beautiful and the pictures it takes too (13 megapixels camera). Some better phones are being released now, but when I bought this phone, no other phone was better. The S4 has expandable memory via a microSD card slot and it has a removable battery. With a 64 Gb memory card and the 16 Gb internal memory, it could reach 80 Gb. The phone I bought has an Octa-core chip (2x4 cores processors international version). It's very fast and the battery lasts all day, even under heavy to medium use. I've heard it is fragile and the screen can break easily, but with a protective casing it seems to be fine. I really recommend this phone to anyone wanting a big, high resolution screen.

An amazingly capable phone that I would actually buy if it cost around $300.  Even at that price it would be at a profit margin far beyond that for most consumer electronic products.  Why won't I buy it at this price?The site owned by IHS iSuppli regularly analyzes what various consumer electronic items cost to make.  They say that the new S4 contains $236 worth of parts and costs $8.50 to assemble leading to a total manufacturing cost of $244.  So, why is it being sold nearly everywhere for around $700?

This phone has all features that I need, it is easy to get app on play store, and it helps me on the daily activities. I could stay connect on the social networks. Many options of covers becames this gadget stylish

And to make matters worse, the seller was rudem, condescending and used incorrect grammar!  I am a pilot and a lawer anbd exercised extreme caution when trying to open the phone and her comment was &#34;Who don't know how to ope an phone&#34;  which of course, is incorrect and utterly rude and condescending! After I returned the phone with all itmes I had received, it took 8 days for ClickNStop to refund my money and they only did so after I filed a claim with Amazon.  I WILL NEVER DEAL WITH CLICKNSTOP AGAIN under any circumnstances.

This was not the Americas version advertised in the Amazon description. This is the International version with the octa core processor. It works with Tmobile so I am going to keep it. The phone is fairly different than the ones my colleagues purchased from local retailers. I am happy with it for the most part. Certain built in apps freeze up and have to be force stopped in order to complete tasks. Pictures do not always go through as texts. You have to wait a few seconds after it says it has converted the pic to an SMS message or it will not go through and you won't know until you ask the recipient if they received the text. The battery life is ok. I am not constantly on my phone but I usually need to charge it at least once a day if I'm going out after work. Overall I like the phone and I like Android. I have used iphones and Windows but this is my favorite platform. Contact the sellers to make sure the phone you are ordering is the version you want.

This lady Janice is selling these 60.00 phones from china for 250.00, you can buy them on DH Gate and is fraud
