
is a great phone wish that battery would last longer

Still figuring out the device because I got so used to Symbian Belle. Love it so far. Still can't figure out where or how to explore files on the device. Like File Manager on Symbian devices

I've had my 820 for more than a year.  Love it.  Went from an Android (Motorola) to a Lumia 900 WP7.5 to the 820. I wanted WP8. I also have an iPhone 5S (work place issued) and is a very nice phone, easy to use and takes beautiful pics.  I still prefer my 820, it also takes beautiful pics.  Have Google maps (paid version). I don't use the phone for game playing.  I use the Audible app and office apps like word and excel the most.  I broke the screen and replaced it myself. The phone is very well engineered. It is made up of sandwiched layers laid into the frame all held together by 11 screws. Ear phone jack, speakers, etc are modules that drop in place. The battery is user replaceable. I also have the wireless charger back plate for no plug in cables to mess with. Battery life is OK. . . As good as the iphone 5S, providing you close the apps when done with them. Simple as holding the the &lt;-- key at the bottom left until the window tabs show up then close them by pressing the X. Great Phone! Nokia needs to make more models like the 820.

deeply disappointed by the product I received, I ordered a nokia lumia 820 factory unlocked that could be used on any carrier in Venezuela and they sent me an AT & T locked, I am very disappointed, I feel ripped off simply because a publication does not fit with reality .. .

Excelelente tlf very fast very beautiful, I really like, so good tlf recommend this to any user, nokia best ..!!

Well, I'm not entirely sure what to rate... but I believe I got this on time, it was in good condition, and I love the phone. I've had one before but I accidentally broke it's screen and I had no idea how to fix it, so I got a new one and it's quite lovely.

I have purchased two items advertised here as penta bands  (from PhoneStore USA and MyParana) and both turned out to be dual band model RM-824. I am returning one and see how is it going to work in US, UK and and in Netherlands with the other. Beware it may be not what advertized, however if you do not need other than ATT LTE it may be OK.

I chose 4 stars because I have not encountered any significant problems as of yet. It responds well and the specs are very practical. People had tried to sway me towards an Android phone but really that is just for the apps. This phone is dependable and I have been excited about it ever since I got it.The only problem I have with it is that the battery life is quite low. It is great for checking messages often and playing around with for an hour but anything more and I have it plugged in the wall.All in all, I am happy with my investment!

I just wanted a phone that I can check some email, make a call and send text messages - this exceeded what I wanted and since I am not into all the &#34;fancy stuff&#34; his meets my needs

It's a good cell, unlocked, but it's refurbished, the charger is not from Nokia, and doesn't have any earphones, I'm quite disappointed, they should say this this before you pay it as if it were new.

i bought this phone as an upgrade from the Lumia 800. it runs very smooth and is responsive.all the apps i like to use are available. the camera and vid functions are also very nice you wont be dissapointed.one option i do like was the wireless charging covers. you remove your old cover and put this one on in its place.i had got a few different colors so i could change my phone theme from time to time.i was not going to buy the wireless option because i thought it was just a cover that you place over the phone. after i seen it was an actual body replacment i changed my mind. the covers look original not an extra hanging off the phone.I think its a great deal for a phone in the 200 to 300 dollar range. the functionality and options are worth twice that amount.

Nokia penny-pinched on this phone by not including Gorilla Corning Glass.  Today, my screen broke, just by having it in my back pocket of my pants and sitting on a chair.  Either I have buns of steel, or the glass on this phone is extremely fragile.

Product was fairly good..good condition. only problem is with poor call quality occasionally and screen colour goes sometimes, but overall good

awesome cellphone, quicky and easy of buy, not problem, the cellphone  is excelente, and i hope buy later, i like it

It's a lie, I bought it thinking that worked in Venezuela with Movistar 3G but not up. and it is not showing in the photo. Is the AT & T logo on the front. Do not buy

Excellent phone just loved it, previously used Iphone 4S, Samsung Galaxy S4. But, Nokia came with an excellent phone with a affordable phone. The only area they should need to look at is the battery. But, if you use power saver mode then you can handle that. Other than that this phone has all the features like the big boys have and at a half price. If you want a good product than you can have it. But, if you need name &#34;iphone&#34; for $600/$700 then that is your personal choice.

Phone is brand new and works excellent. Love all the features the phone has to offer. Purchasing and shipping of product from retailer was excellent, received it in four days.

It is an ulocked former AT&T; phone with all the associated AT&T; logos and apps on the phone and in the programs.Works great and i just love this phone!!!!

Great Cell Phone! Nokia fond it's way back! Windows Phone is easy to use and Nokia still has the best Hardware!

the phone is fabulous, it does what ever you want it to do, documents facebook, twitter kik whatsapp viber skype and all your emails.  i love the live tiles seeing ppl face pop up and everything is sooooooo fast. sometimes it looks 3d. Included are the colour matching earphones.

After trying out a Lumia 520, I decided to upgrade to a higher level WP8 phone.  I have been using my 520 as a media device with my primary phone being an Android.  Although the 920, 1020 and 1520 seem to be excellent devices, what made me go with an 820 is that while it may not be the best at any particular feature, it has all the features that I'm looking for.  I have the AT&T; Deathstar version.1.  4G LTE2.  At least 1 GB RAM3.  Replaceable battery4.  MicroSD slot expandable to 64 GB.5.  AMOLED screen6.  Glance7.  Wireless charging with a shell8.  Front Facing Camera9.  Camera Flash10.  Decent Camera with Carl Zeiss lens11.  Relatively low cost (I purchased mine used for $65)12.  Compass13.  Here+ vs. Here (although with the latest news, the 520 will get Here+)14.  Audio Equalizer.  This has Dolby.15.  FM radio16.  Double tap to wake17.  NFC18.  GyroscopeThe screen is beautiful.  I love AMOLED's.  Glance is a great feature.  Call quality is good.  Fast web surfing.  It feels solid in the hand.  I think the 820 is currently the best all around WP8 phone.  WP8 is a good, smooth, lag free phone.  It'll be even better with the upgrade to 8.1.  Sound is great through headphones.  Speakerphone volume is decent.  The only downside is the relatively poor app store.  Very few Google apps, which I rely on.The battery life so far is good enough for me.  The camera, again, while not the latest Nokia masterpiece like the 41 MP on the 1020 or 20 MP on the Icon or 1520 takes decent pictures.For the money the phone is a 5/5.  Compared to other phones (high end included), it's more like a 4/5.Update 4/23/14: I updated the OS the WP8.1 Preview for Developers.  The phone is even more awesome with 3 columns, action center, and Cortana.  So far, it's running well with WP8.1.

This Nokia Lumia 820 unlocked GSM phone is working fine with an AT&T prepaid  sim card.. I do not know whether this will work in India also.. will get to know only when back to India by the end of next month.. Hope this will work there too in a prepaid sim.. The price of the phone has got down to $232.00 would you please get me the price match and refund the balance, I can have more and more purchase from you.. Thanks..

The phone and software itself is very good - no complains. But earphones - they are disaster! At the beginning I thought the issue was with the phone, but when I plugged in my previous Nokia phone earphones I realized that it was them. I don't know why? Such a good phone with the worst earphones ever!

I' m really happy with this phone.  I was going to get an android, but because my husband is less &#34;techy&#34; my son felt it would be better for him to have a Windows-based phone.  I decided to get the same thing, so we could learn together.  I'm totally happy with it, and a bonus is that my husband can see the screen without his reading glasses and it does just about anything he wants it to do...plus I've got apps to make my life easier.  The price was great, and the phone is excellent.

Hello!! I received my nokia lumia 820 today Friday 20th 2013 around 2 pm. I was so happy to see it I started unpacking and everything syncronizing it with my PC with my personal email accounts, photos. HOWEVER AFTER I FINISHED I NOTICED THE PHONE IS DEFFECTIVE. SCREEN NOT BRIGHT ENOUGH. SCREEN MOVES, BLINKS W/O TOUCHING IT AND ON AND ON AN ON. PLEASE SEE THE SHORT VIDEO ATTACHED TO THIS EMAIL. I WANT TO LET YOU KNOW I HAVE A NOKIA LUMIA 920 SO I KNOW HOW TO USE THE PHONE. IN FACT THE VIDEO I AM SENDING WAS TAKEN WITH MY LUMIA 920... ANYWAYS. I AM NOT INTERESTED IN GETTING MY MONEY BACK. ALL I WANT IS A NOKIA LUMIA 820 THAT WORKS PERFECTLY. PLEASE REPLY.. ... I already requested the labels to return the product, and I am ready to to send it back today but I did not see the option of EXCHANGING IT FOR ANOTHER IN GOOD CONTITIONS. Please call mepablo vargas

Though I ordered for an UNLOCKED phone,  It was locked to AT & T network which was quite disappointing.  Amazon did not sort out the issue, other than sending a return label.  I was outside US, needed the unlock code badly, so I contacted the seller Myparana directly and they got me the code in a couple of days. Phone as such is awesome, voice quality is good, internet connectivity works great, camera is good, screen resolution is nice.  Coolest feature is internet sharing, you can use this phone as a wireless router !!  I am very happy with this phone.

I was surprised when I received this product cause it looked like it was old, the box was very dirty and the Cellphone was from AT&T, when it supossed to be from the original Nokia Store. It was a dissappointment

Item arrived is an AT&T locked phone so I couldn't use it

this phone is very good, everything was as the seller said, but I personal think this phone is a bit complicated because of the windows 8 os  but the performance this phone is great

Nice phone. Good processor which makes its use very comfortable and fluid. If only the Windows Phone platform would have more applications and refined...Things to consider are the back cover, very hard to open. To a point that you may think that you are about to break it trying to open it.Though it has a microSD slot not all cards are supported and there's no information about which ones are compatible with this phone.

Everything worked well as spec on the phone with the exception of very limited battery life (ran out in 5 hours after fully charged w/ only limited call/text use) and data connection did not function properly even after discussions w/ T-Mobile and Nokia tech.  Will be getting a different phone.

Be very careful when buying this phone. It came on time, before I left for Europe, but the phone was not unlocked as advertised. When I came to Europe and tried to use it with European SIM card it didn't work at all. I contacted the seller, who sent me unlocking code which didn't work too. They told me then to send it back to them.However, to cut the long story short, I couldn't use it when I needed the most.

okay it is a okays Windows Phone Windows has issues when the Facebook app works really weird compared to the competition the best app you can get is the Xbox that application it allows you to see your friends and even play some games in and gamer score but a lot of the applications are third-party like YouTube YouTube works extremely crappy on the Windows Phone the battery on this phone is horrible if you're not using itmedium we using it you get like 4 to 5 hours if that for example this morning I unplug my phone at 7 o'clock and by 10 o'clock I was at 75 percent and I wasn't even using the phone that's just sitting there with nothing running but if you are looking for a budget phone and you want Windows you can  have to compromiseWindows has a lot of bugs with it screen froze quite often. tones on compatible with Windows PhoneI like the way the Windows Phone idea is but needs a lot of work hopefully a few years down the line they get it fixed and I can come back to Windows but for now I'll stick with my android

It is a very good phone! I love the phone! The only problem is the new windows 8.. It should have been Android!

This is a well constructed, colourful handset with some excellent technological features, Windows Phone is maturing nicely, and the 820 has got a really palatable price point to boot. It's been overshadowed by others in the range, but that doesn't mean it isn't still a class act. Very good and nice device if you want to upgrade your old phone. For me I received all the benefits I was looking for: Attractive design, microSD support, Great screen and Powerful camera.

I have been using this phone for more than 3 months now and it is working fine. Only gripe about this phone is that the battery last for only a day, as i had a Nokia 5800 which i used to charge one int 4 days i am a bit disappointed with the battery. Apart from that the phone is very good, i have been using this mainly for Hear Drive and it is absolutely perfect. Also i like Window Phone 8's clean and smooth OS experience. If you want to get out of the crowd and try something new then go for this phone. also if you are traveling a lot and need a GPS look no further and buy a Lumia.

I bought this as a trial, I've used BB7, BB10, Android, and now WP8. I found things about every one of them that is preferrable to the others. I don't like the fact that this is an unlocked AT&T; phone, that should be noted on the product page (not that it's 'factory unlocked').The flow of the OS is quite simple and easy to use, everything is in alphabetical order in the apps list, and the Start screen lets you put whatever apps you want on it and in any order. One weird thing about the 820 (WP8?) is the back arrow vs the Windows button. If you use the Windows button then press the back button it will return to the program you closed (doesn't happen on Android). There are many very useful apps for this OS. Offline maps and translators are quite useful when you're traveling, especially when they're free.The phone itself is nicely designed, simple and clean, and the build quality seems good. The battery cover is a bit difficult to remove (make sure you have everything you want/need to put in when you do this, so it's only required once). The camera is very good and the pictures are clear. For the individual who sat on his phone, it's not shocking at all that it broke, and quite uncertain whether Gorilla Glass would have made a difference.

I bought this Nokia L820 from US Wireless as new factory unlocked 4G LTE penta bands: (800/900/1800/2100/2600 MHz), however I received an AT&T unlocked Lumia 820 (Variant RM-824) which is a dual band LTE (1700/700 MHz). If this cell was AT&T device, this cell is not new, it was refurbished to be unlocked. The box is all worn out, dirty and like it was used before. Morover, this cell was offered as LTE penta band which, according to Nokia, has to be the Variant RM-825, which have the LTE band that i need for my carrier provider. So if they are offering something, they should stick to it, or make a real statement on what they are offering.

I love the Windows 8 OS. It's very polished. I've run into a few kinks. I had to remove the case I'd purchased because the noise cancelling microphone located in the seam affects the sound others hear. Also the battery didn't last long as the background applications are set by default to remain on by Nokia & must be changed. Other than these issues I really love this phone.

Great phone.  Just made the switch from Android to WP8 and so far I love it. If i could have google maps and a free music downloading app it would be flawless.

I bought this Nokia Lumia 820 for my daughter a few months ago and she is very happy with it. Her mom was so happy with the phone that I had to replace her new galaxy S4 with a Nokia Lumia 1020.Nokia is a much better brand !!!If only people knew that !!!

the phone is perfect for home and office use, good camera, plenty of memory and slot for sd card. fast and reliable. very good option however 520 and 620 models almost do the same and have better price.

I received the phone just as indicated, BRAND new and everything included. The phone was a gift for my dad who will use it in Dominican Republic. He activated it and had no issues whatsoever. Thank you!!

It's a great phone worthy to buy! I like it. It's thin and battery is long lasting and camera is great.

I've been using a small Sony Xperia X8(android) for 2 years so I decided to give this Nokia a try.I've always been pro-Windows so I decided to buy this phone because it was now cheap, even though it was released like 2 years ago.I bought it Unblocked on April 2014, from ABCellPROS:-  Overall quality is very good.  Nokia never lets me down.-  Wireless tethering(Internet sharing) thats good!!-  I can choose to navigate pages as a desktop browser and not as a mobile browser which has some restrictions by some sites.-  It has mini versions of Word and Excel included.-  The main icons screen is very easy to use and to manage.-  Video playback is smooth and looks good.-  The file structure of the SD card is very simple, not like Androids which is filled with dozens of folders.CONS:-  The battery life is bad, but since mine is a used one I can not say if the new ones are better.-  Not so good MP3 player.  Too confusing.  I just needed a simple player.-  Bad MP3s codecs, could not play some of my 320Kbps songs, like my Sony Xperia X8 did easily.  However an app called Pocket File Manager did play these songs well, I did not expect that from a file management app.-  The flashlight is not full white, it has like some kind of warmth in it, so some photos might look warm(yellowish).-  One of the three main buttons is dedicated entirely to Bing search.  I don't like Bing, so for me it is a big waste of a button that could have been useful for any other function.-  Very grainy photos in low light when flash is not used.-  On the internet browser, part of the screen (like 15% I guess) is wasted displaying the URL the whole time.-  No &#34;forward&#34; button or feature on the internet browser.FINAL THOUGHTS:Even though the phone has almost everything I need, it always leaves me the feeling that I'm isolated( or imcomtible) from the Android population.  The grass is greener....Unless Microsoft make some huge improvements on these phones in the near future, I think that I'll eventually go back to Android sooner or later.

This is a great phone... It works in Jamaica on a 4g data plan... The touch is nice and smooth and I love the ios. Good display even in sunlight and very fast browsing.... Unfortunately no gorilla glass but the price of the phone compensates for that... But if you can't care it get Lumia 920/928. Which I'll be getting soon..

I'm very satisfied with the utilities that I have on this phone and I recommend it a lot,thanks for his creation

Whoa, I've been on Android since the HTC/Google G1, so I'm taking a risk.  I don't want to pay a high price, but I wanted a newer phone (I was on a cracked Samsung GS for 2 1/2 years).  So, getting more tech for less was important and this was the best compromise (1/2 the price of the Samsung GS4 mini and I don't want a billboard in my pocket, ya know).Nokia delivered!  They're trying hard to keep up with Google and Apple.  WP8 leaves some major gaps, but those will be filled by vendors as the app store develops as well as MS when they mature the OS.  Still, I'm pretty blown away with the tech and OS.  If it weren't for the lack of apps, I'd never think about going back to Android, but the lack of apps is a headache for WP8.  Some minor integration issues that I'm used to (dialing a number and getting a name, for instance) are a problem, but the way WP8 imported all my contacts from the cloud made that tolerable.You can read many more detailed reviews, but from someone who could use Android pretty well and was willing to stay on the leading edge of yesterday with an old, cracked phone that wouldn't die, I will say that WP8 is a nice way to update my tech without paying a lot of money.  For the price I paid, I'd do it again, and WP8 is very serviceable.  Once the app store starts rolling, Android and iOS may be in for a run.  Bottom line:  I'm happy with my phone and WP8, I'll definitely keep this set up for a while.Happy Shopping.

This is to let you know that the purchase was what I expected. It initialy had a problem but this was due to an update from nokia. The phone works just fine, THANK YOU MUCH!!!!!!!!!

Beautiful smartphone with nice features, but lacks of Gorilla Glass so is fragile, and you must be extra-careful with the item. I love it, is just perfect because I just get my Windows 8 laptop so syncing had never been too easy.The bad stuff is this smartphone had giving me a lot of problems with the battery, the screen digitalizer, so I would not reccommend you buy this phone from PVCS

The WIndows OS is a pleasant surprise.  Very smooth and responsive.  The 820 is a great, underrated phone.  Although it is considered a mid-level phone, the specs are similar to the top of the line 920.  The biggest mid-level feature might be the camera - depends on how avid a photographer you are.  For general pictures it works wonderfully.  Considering the price/feature set, this phone is hard to beat.Highlights:Pros: Design (not too big); microSD; Carl Zeiss Lens and 8.7MP Camera; 1.5 GHz Snapdragon Processor; 1GB Ram; 4.3-inch AMOLED ScreenCons: Average Battery Life; No Image Stabilization

Excellent phone, easy to use and very fast to open applications, the photos are expectaculares like the videos, the signal is very good and your operating system surprised me!!

The shipping time and packaging was correct.But I have two complaints: the manual inside the box is for Nokia 920 not the 820 phone. and second, the phone camera flash is a little part in the back that doesn't fit very well.  It looks is gonna falls off in a second. Sometimes, the flash is not working and is because this part is loosen.

I'm a techie. I love gadgets, I've had iPhones, Androids, Symbian, Blackberries, Windows 4.5 (remember that one). The interface is clean and smooth, the phone performs great, pictures are crisp and clear and even under low-light conditions they look great. I would definitely recommend this for the business oriented. I'd actually be tempted to take up Windows 8 if I didn't have my Galaxy S3 just the way I want it. This was purchased for my brother and he loves it!

Thank you guys, the phone is doing great. This is my first Lumia and i will say is a good alternative between others. The camera is great and the apps from WPS for it are also great. I just didn't knew the phone came without the headphones, if i had know that, i had buy the headphones with it. Now i have to use the old one's till i got $ again. :/

Ok! Lumia 820 software is very good as mid range Wdph 8 category. It's weakness is the hardware  a bit thick , weavy & dull designed.

this is my intro to WP8 so everything is different.CONs- Nokia suit does not work with WP8 so i could not import my contacts. which means i now have to type them in 1 by 1. if i get a work around for this i'll post an update.- No FM Radio. the specs say radio but there's no radio. according to what I've been reading Nokia's hardware will do radio but Windows drop the ball on the software. Some folks are hopeful that Windows will make an update to fix that but this phone has been out long enough for them to have fixed this by now so i don't think its a priority for them. Surprisingly i got a streaming radio app from the windows store (tunein) and it has my local stations. Suppressing because i'm from St. Lucia (in the Caribbean) where no one heard of. so if my local stations are there yours probably is too. the problem with this is you need wifi for this, which means the quality is poor depending on your connection and if i had to use a data plan for this it would get too expensive for free radio.- SD card slot is under the battery. my thoughts are that an SD memory card should have quick access without having to turn your phone off. With this phone you have to turn the phone, remove the cover and battery to get to the card.- the battery life is exactly as many reviews say. it sucks. i have to charge this phone EVERYDAY. if you get this phone my advise is to get extra chargers; have one at work, at home, in the car, at moms house... cause you'll need it. the good thing is the phone does not take long to charge. but truth be told most smart phones today have this issue. You have to keep them plugged in (and that does not hurt the battery by-the-way).i know i went on a bit about the radio and nokia suit thing but those were selling points for me. i first gave this 2 stars because of this but i reconsidered because the phone is a good phone. if you're going to advertise something and not deliver that will not make me buy from you in the future. Nokia suit was a big selling point for me because i have hundreds of contacts and having to re-enter them 1 by 1 every time i get a new phone is a pain. for this alone i no longer have any reason to have any brand loyalty to Nokia.if i could push myself past these 2 sticking points, i actually like this phone. its not as big as the GS3. it fits in my packet and hand easily. the touch screen is responsive. the camera is great. You can customize the tiles and there are plenty of apps to do whatever you want.I will love this phone for as long as it last (hoping for 2 years, any longer is a bonus). But if i had to do it over i would consider the Lumia 625... because it has radio.ps/ Turns out WP8 has podcasts. which is the only reason i have an ipod. so now i only carry one device.Update: 16/Jan/14- Now with radio. YAAH! after an update last night i now have FM radio. Happy Day. Now bumped to 4 stars.

Cannot put my hand on the fire, but it seems to me that the unit is not original or is refurbished. Return two (2) units in the same week.

Cool phone, unlocked so it can be used anywhere in the world. Highly recommend it. Go for it without second thoughts.

buy this wine defective cell and the touch screen all the time I have to restart it. that disappointment :(

Nokia lumia 820 Refurbished is like a new. Is a nice cell phone. I'm from Venezuela and this cell phone is working perfectly.

Very good the phone but it doesnt came with the original charger i didnt like that. Over all good satisfice

Here's the worst attribute of what this phone does...  Say you forget to charge your battery.  So you plug it in and expect it to work right away... Wrong!!!!!!Window's decided to hi-jack the charge time.  It takes about 15 minutes for it to "come alive" because some dummy engineer at MSFT decided the emergency is less important than getting the juice needed to boot up Window 8....

Also found in all Nokia Lumia Windows Phone 8 smartphones are exclusive Nokia apps that can make life easier overall. Nokia Transit, Nokia Maps, Nokia CityLens and Nokia Music are only a few of them. Nokia CityLens is a particular favorite among users as it is helpful in locating places that are nearby, no matter what their location. For instance, if you are looking for a Chinese restaurant, you can find one in the scope of your current location simply by holding up your Nokia Lumia Windows Phone 8 phone with the app open and it will locate places near you. Nokia Music is similar to Pandora, but it does not use ads. It can provide a user with hours of entertainment, even if they do not have music already stored on their phone. Cheap Guide here.Windows 8 Phone Made Easy (Windows 8 Made Easy)

This phone has the same specs as the lumia 920 but it costs less. The feature that separates it from the Lumia 920 is the ability to expand its storage capacity via SD card slot - up to 64gb of additional capacity to store pictures, music, documents and it will support storing apps once the feature is available with windows phone 8.1.

The cell phone is really good. The new Windows phone has much more apps than the older version. The touch screen is very sensible for touching using cloves.

I was sold a used phone for the price of a new one.... The phone was advertised having five LTE bands, also factory unlocked.....Not true.... The phone was a AT&T branded phone.... I am mot a happy camper....

First, a little background, for perspective: I'm an ex-iphone user, migrated from iphone to Android a few years ago, for the freedom and open-ness of the OS. I've really liked the Android OS and the phones I've bought along the way. A few months ago I bought a Lumia 521 with a new Metro PCS account. The Lumia 521 introduced me to Windows 8 Phone OS and I was amazed at how fluid, intuitive and FUN it is - so I decided to fork out for a premium Windows Phone ... which is what brought me to the Lumia 820.The NOKIA LUMIA 820 is SOLID. It's heavy in the hand and has a stable, durable feel to it. The display is vibrant and beautiful. Reviewers and "experts" out there on the web can say anything they want about resolution, rag on the pixel density, whatever - but this phone, in your hand is BEAUTIFUL. Colors pop, photos are crisp and videos look great!As was the case with my (brief) experience on the Lumia 521, this is quick, nimble, FAST. Every operation is there when called for, tasks present themselves immediately and close just as quickly. There's something about this Windows OS that must be much less resource-intensive, less hungry than other mobile OS's, because things just pop and fly all over the place.The Tiles ... live tiles, that represent what feels like a living, breathing OS Interface. You see the faces of your contacts and friends rotating in and out of the "People" tile ... Facebook posts of friends "pop up" in live time, as they are happening ... News updates circulate in a tile, the tile suddenly flips over to reveal another breaking headline ... the tile from your Songza app suddenly flips over to say "It is Friday Night" (or late Saturday morning, etc.) ... the Photos tile rotates through your albums, scrolling slowly and continuously ... nothing stands still, this tiled-interface is alive!More on Tiles ... you can size and re-size your tiles, according to taste; regular (square), large (rectangle that covers width of the screen) or small (one quarter size of regular). You can even Pin your favorite websites to the screen, each in a tile of it's own. I've got four favorite Playlists (from Nokia Music) pinned to my screen, each re-sized to small, and they form a little music "block", the size of a regular tile!The Lumia 820 has NFC capability and Wireless Charging - something I didn't think I'd ever need or use, but I did fork out for the charging plate and it's been a very nice bonus. I've already grown lazy, with the ability to simply place the phone on it's back for a charge ... no plugs, cables or hassles.CUSTOMIZATION!  Unlike other phones in the Lumia lineup, this one has interchangeable back plates. Once in place, it looks like a solid piece of polycarbonate. You can make this a Cyan phone, a bright Red phone, Yellow, White or Black, simply by putting a different (removable) back plate on it. You can order these with or without NFC and Wireless Charging capability. This phone was black when I bought it, I've since changed it to Cyan (and have other colors on order).Is the 920 a better phone? How about the 928?  Well, the specs are better on those phones, but for me, this is the sweet spot. It's smaller than the 920, but with the same screen size, and (again), with the joy of body / color customization. Processing speed? System RAM? What are those??? What do I care? When a phone is as fast, fluid, stable and zippy as this is, who cares?  When you get a phone that performs as beautifully as this, you can forget about specs (and forget the "expert" opinions from the tech sites). None of it matters.Apps ... yes, you hear a lot of whining, complaining, hand-wringing criticism of the Windows app store and it's "horrible dearth of apps". If you believe what you read out there on the internet, you probably figure they've got about 10 or 20 apps in the store. I don't know WHO these people are, or WHAT they have on their own phones, but inasmuch as the Windows store has over a hundred thousand apps (126,000 as of last night) ... I feel that is enough for me (and for any reasonable person). Sure, you can bolster your app store to a million, 50 million, a billion, whatever - but when 50,000 of those apps are flashlights (as opposed to one flashlight), how is that improving your app experience?The 8GB of internal space ... once the OS requirements are subtracted, you've got about 5 or 6 gigs to yourself. Unlike it's bigger brethren in the Lumia family, this one comes with a Micro SD slot. I've got a 32GB card in mine, and have set the phone to load all photos, music and videos to the card (rather than to internal storage). That should hold me for awhile.The Camera ... with Carl Zeiss optics and Dual LED Flash,  the 8.7 megapixel camera and quality of your photos will be excellent. I've also loaded an HDR app from the store and have experimented with it, garnering some very nice results. I've been taking photos for Instagram, Foodspotting, Facebook and Twitter so far, nothing that requires a critical eye or instrument. I have also set my phone to auto-upload all photos and videos to Skydrive, so I've got an instant backup of everything I've taken.I'm not going to spend any time hashing-out or "reviewing" technical details, you'll get plenty of that in other reviews (and websites). Suffice it to say, this is one of the best and THE most enjoyable phone I've ever owned.

Please not: this phone is not Factory Unlocked, AT&T unlocked.

I received an excellent product, but came without the headphones that typically come with this equipment.

This particular purchase was the first and was really hesitant because I do not speak English. In fact, I use an online translator to be sure. It would be great to amazon.us page could also see in Spanish. Everything else is excellent

This phone worked out of the box and was my first Windows Phone. I would like to see more apps on the Windows Store.

Great operating system and great phone that does the job without a lot of fuss. Great features and size and one hand ability.

I bought this cell phone to bring it to Ecuador. It was connected with the local network with zero problems. The internet also works. No issues whatsoever. Mango Wireless was the seller and I am impressed with their customer service, the contacted me as soon as the item was deliver to make themselves available if the phone presented any problems. I give the product and the seller 5 stars.

I am loving my new phone. After much searching, reading reviews and comparison shopping I am glad to end up with the Nokia 820. It generally got good reviews and has not disappointed me in any way after a couple of weeks of use. The one thing the reviews made me worry about was that moving up to this full sized smartphone would seemed like I would be carrying a huge brick, I have found that the Nokia 820 phone fits nicely in my front pocket (I am a blue jeans wearing male) and although it is a little bit heavy in the hand it feels very sturdy and well built and doesn't seem like a burden in the pocket.Naturally I have not completely figured out all of the features of my new phone but I have done my best to get to the ones I anticipate using most often. Music, photos and productivity software all works great on the Nokia. The hardware for taking photos have produced really nice images in a variety of settings and lighting conditions. I haven't printed them out yet but they look good on my desktop screen even when I zoom in on small portions of the picture. The music plays nicely on my headphones and the speaker is acceptable but a little quiet. The loud speaker plays best when placed on a hard surface but if you really want to listen without headphones I recommend getting some external speakers. The music apps preloaded worked great and everything was instantly responsive.This is my first full feature smartphone and so I was not tied into any of the OS ecosystems that are out there. Since I use Microsoft Windows in my work setting it was a relatively easy thing to learn the Windows phone layout. In fact learning new things about my phone has actually increased the usefulness of my home and work computers as I starting syncing more and more of my data across devices. From the productivity standpoint I am now totally sold on the usefulness of this smartphone. I regularly use my e-mail, OneNote and Skydrive accounts throughout my day and have found that the phone seamlessly keeps everything up to date.Speaking of Apps...now I understand why people make such a big deal about the limits of the Windows app store. It isn't like there aren't a ton of apps to choose from but often you start with a web page that you use a lot and then get the mobile app. If that app isn't supported you could go out and find something similar but it just isn't the same. You often have invested time and energy in the original web site and so it feels like a loss to start over with a different app. I don't think this will be a big deal with me but I can see it frustrating people who are more tied to their apps. The phone works great with the apps it has available but you might look to see if your favorite cookbook, movie streaming service or bird app is available for Windows phone if you are choosing which OS you want to live with.Finally and probably most importantly for the supplier of my phone, I would highly recommend purchasing through these guys. They shipped my phone incredibly quickly and provided the exact product described. The unlocked phone naturally comes from overseas and they sent a plug adapter along with it so it was immediately functional. (Quick note: even though my phone was marked for sale in Saudi Arabia, absolutely everything works in good 'ol American English and all the standard apps and features were present from the moment I turned it on.) I had a some questions about the phone and the suppliers replied within half a day if not faster - even on the weekend!

I own a Nokia 710 and decided to make the upgrade to WP8.  I don't regret the move.  I bought 2 one for my wife and myself.  I did however have a bad experience with one of the vendors but Amozon handled that no problems.  I used Tailwind and received 2 BRAND NEW un-molested factory boxed 820's.Thank you Amazon for unrivaled customer service!

I have the 820 in yellow. Hot color!The camera is incredible, especially in low light. It also has a lot of interesting camera apps which are a lot of fun to play with. I love the social networking integration into everything, so you can see your friends' last status updates in your phone book or even on the tile on the home screen.

It is perfect! It has all Windows capabilities, installing apps is super easy and photos look awesome!. Can't live without it!

I don't take a lot of pictures and I don't need my phone to work like my tablet.  I wanted a sturdy phone with expandable storage that ran the Windows OS.  That is what I got with this phone.  It's pretty much the perfect size for my hand, not too thick, but doesn't feel cheap.  That back pops off and the battery is removable, another plus that I wasn't even looking for.  The wireless charging cases are pretty cheap ($15 off at&t; website) so I'll be getting one of those soon, the charging plate is probably a little more expensive though.  A protective case fits right over the removable back and can reportedly be charged wirelessly through it.  (For those that don't know, the back of this phone is removable, that's where the wireless charging case goes.  A protective cover can go on top of that for even more durability).  The sound quality isn't the best I've ever had, but then again I don't really like talking on the phone in the first place, so this gives me an excuse when my wife is chattering on and on and on.  And on and on.  And on again.  Hmm...I hope she never sees this review...Anywho, I digress....this phone is exactly what I was looking for.  Not too fancy, will most likely last me more than the 2-year contract that I'm used to with smart phones.  I like it much better than my previous HTC Windows 8X which felt cheap and had only 8GB of memory.  Both are better than my previous Android phone as I much prefer the Windows OS.

Nokia Lumia 820 just looks like Windows 8 on your Tablet, Laptop, and Desk Top computer. The Apps download to the phone are fabulous. One small trouble the App is not always, compatible with this phone. But hopefully they can work.

The phone works incredible although windows does not have alot of apps,the camera capabilities are superb especially with an amber update.

I gifted my brother in law in Brazil with this nokia 820.He informed me that the phone restarts constantly, and finally broke, has no international warranty. Paperweight!!

This is a great phone. The Windows Phone operating system is very simple to use, and the app store is filling out nicely. I previously used an Apple iPhone 4S, and the Nokia 820 is at least as good, at a much better price.

excellent cell phone

Leaving this review for users from Venezuela interested on this phone. Good business people, the phone works perfectly with Movistar and it got really high to my expectations. Screen display is not the best but it's far enough for the use it will get (videos, pictures, etc.). Loved it, strongly recommended.Dejo esta rese&ntilde;a para los usuarios de Venezuela interesados en este tel&eacute;fono. Es buen negocios gente, el tel&eacute;fono funciona muy bien con Movistar y de verdad que supero mis expectativas. La nitidez de la imagen no es la mejor pero es m&aacute;s que suficiente para lo que se va a usar (videos, fotos, etc.). Muy bueno, altamente recomendado.

Its a cool phone, but the only thing that i don't like is the performance of the battery and when the phone reach his last source of energy its impossible to charge with the default charger.Other thing has a trick its the protector of the lens and the light flash you can tear off and ruin ur cam when u need to quit the back cover of the phoneEverything else I find it nice practical to use.The apps  need to develop faster because other brands have more and nice apps than nokia platform.

I bought it for my mother who liked Nokia and known a little English. But to my surprise, this has neigher Chinese system language nor Chinese menu as Iphone has. I hadn't got this information until I opened and set up it. If I return it, I will lost 20%-50%. So I have to remain it.

The Good:The display is really great and vivid. Even though the display isn't HD it still looks great. The build is really nice, it's a bit heavy but you get used to it. UI is super snappy and fast. I've been very happy with it. Camera isn't the greatest I've seen but it is definitely more than sufficient for the price.The Bad:The back is really slippery to hold unless your hands are sweaty. Will probably need a case to accompany it. But, the only real con to this phone is that the signal/antenna is a bit weaker than other phones I've tried. I have a weak signal in my house but most phones I've had (I try lots of them) would at least stay connected to the network. The 820 showed &#34;no service&#34; a little too often. Something to be aware of.

First of all, I bought two Nokia L820 from Blutekusa (fulfillment by Amazon) as new factory unlocked  4G LTE penta bands: (800/900/1800/2100/2600 MHz), however I received  2 AT&T; unlocked Lumia 820 (Variant RM-824) which is a dual  band LTE (1700/700 MHz) with no standard accessories (Nokia AC-50U MicroUSB Charger, Nokia Charging and Data Cable (CA-190CD)) or earphones. I received a no brand generic Chinese charger that it is not able to remain attached to the cell phone during charging because of the weakness of its attachment clips at the micro usb connector. Everybody knows that AT&T; devices never come factory unlocked, they are exclusively manufactured for its network, so these Cells are not new they were refurbished to be unlocked. Moreover, I think that the back shell is not original because it arrived with a little dent in one of its corners and with no brand (Nokia/AT&T;) or parte number it is completely flat (inside and outside) and is so weak that I damaged a corner with the nail trying to remove the shell to install the battery. I was able to update the OS to WP Amber and it works really fast.As you can see on previous reviews Nokia L820 is a really good cell phone (a little giant but not excellent) with fluent WP8 but with really two big sins:  the 1650mAh Battery is too little for all things that you can do with this cell phone and the lacking of gorilla glass.

The Hardware==============Call Quality - Excellent (Typical of all Nokia Phones)The Build Quality - Excellent (Typical of all Nokia Phones)The screen - Good, vibrant, scratch resistant and repels facial grease, IS NOT GORILLA GLASS and is noticeably more fragile.Loudspeaker - A little on the soft sideThe Software==============I have been an avid Windows user since Windows 98, and a Windows Phone user since Windows Phone 7.Windows over the years has gotten more capable and much faster with time. Windows XP to Vista was a little buggy but it worked. Windows Vista to 7 was just a case of slothering Vista in butter and polishing it up to a fine sheen.Windows Phone 7 to Windows Phone 8 has been the experience nightmares are made of. It was basically going from Windows 7 to Windows 95.Windows Phone 7 was an elegant experience for me minus some minor quirks here and there. The most noticeable one was the inability to assign more than one mobile number to any one contact which was rather odd. Others were like not being able to multiselect files or difficulty putting ringtones and audiobooks on the device.They weren't deal breakers and there were some workarounds. That said, everything else in the OS was fully functional. The phones available has very limited storage, most maxing out at 16gbs. However as many figured out, the 1st generation WP7 devices uses MicroSD cards in place of soldered in onboard memory and with a little trick and the right SD Card, could take a 8gb phone and transform it into a 32gb phone. I did it with no problems on my 8gb Dell Venue Pro. Even better, integration with the Zune Desktop Software (ZDS) made syncing music, pictures, podcasts and videos to a lesser extent, a breeze.When i got home, I put my phone to charge, it would ping my desktop wirelessly, fire up the ZDS and start syncing my new podcasts and music automatically to my phone. When I left for work the next morning, everything just worked.Window Phone 8 is nothing like that. With this new OS, expandable storage is natively supported except on my Lumia 820 it doesn't work at all. When i put in my Sandisk 64gb MicroSDXC card, and fired up Windows Media Player to Sync my playlists as I did with my Zune and Windows Phones on the ZDS. (I did this with my old sandisk E250 player back in the PlayForSure days as well)My first thought, "Wow this is slow!!"Second thought, "why is song taking to long to transfer?"10 minutes later "why is the same song still transferring"30 minutes later "oh *uck it froze"Then something that never happened on my WP7 Dell Venue Pro happened, my Music and Video app crashed, so did my settings app. On shutting it down, it was permanently frozen on the goodbye screen.I forced restarted it by removing the battery.When i powered it up, the SD Card was missing... I turned off the phone, removed the card and put it back in, powered the phone on and it was still missing. I took the card out and put it in a card reader on the PC. The disc check utility detected an inconsistency on the Card and ran but found no errors. Once it was back in the phone, the phone saw it once more. I tried syncing a playlist again, it transferred on playlist and froze in the middle of another.This happened over and over. Then I quick formatted the card back in exfat on my PC and tried syncing playlists directly to the card without the phone between them. Every song synced perfectly.Once back in my phone, all the songs turned up but... for some odd reason, some songs would turn up with no artist or album information. If i resynced them, or copied them manually, they would then show with the correct info, but then other songs would start doing the same thing, to no fault of the songs themselves because they all worked fine on my Zunes and DVP.Using explorer to drag and drop lots of small numerous files, music and pics mainly, always results in some sort of freezing during copying.In the end I gave up although I was able to do some podcast subscriptions directly on my phone by changing my country to USA so I could have some sort of entertainment on my phone for when I was driving or waiting in line. This is still a problem because when I want to view podcasts on my TV or desktop while I work with my nice sounding speakers... I can't.Over the last 2 days something else has started happening which is doubly annoying. For some odd reason, my music videos and pictures have started duplicating and triplicating themselves.If i plug in the phone and navigate to the directory, there is only one physical file even thought the phone sees 2 or 3 of them.Whats worse is if I delete even one of the duplicates, all of the duplicates including the original are deleted.The Nokia Lumia 820 is a horrible phone===========================================This is coming from someone who has owned only Nokia phones his whole life aside for a Dell Venue Pro and an Ericsson and has been a massive fan of Microsoft's Zune Software and Hardware devices as well as the Windows Phone 7 line of devices.NOTHING works like it ought to and despite how much I loved WP7, I cannot recommend this phone to anyone out there.I cannot even return it for a refund because it was bought in the USA and I live in Trinidad and Tobago.If other Windows Phone 8 handsets give the same problem as this Lumia 820, I recommend avoiding them until Microsoft and the OEM's get their house in order and fix what was not broken in Windows Phone 7.5 to begin with.

Great Smartphone.  Works perfect, fast, easy to use, nice camera, nice touch panel... This is an excellent option who need a trustful and confortable smartphone. It doesn't came with Windows 8.1, but I hope to get the update really soon.  I reccomend it!!

I hopped on the windows train and the ride hasn't been smooth. Multiple phone repairs, lack of content on the app store I will not be sticking with windows and you should not either.

I bought this phone less than a month ago. I was very happy so far, however I realized that camera is not stable on the back. One side have higher elevation and I had to push it and tape it, My suggestion for people who wants to buy this  phone is to but a protective cover which covers around camera and help it to be stable.It was also not mentioned on the ad but the phone was at&t; unlocked phone. Every time you turn it on, you will see the logo of the at&t; and I was reading that only way to get rid of it was to reset the phone. But I am kinda afraid of doing reset since it may cause to disappear some of the apps already there.If I had not realized the camera problem, the phone could be awesome.

Please I need a code pin, when put the sims the cellphone don't work and need the code, pleasee , thanks for your help

It's unfortunate why people gave this phone so scathing reviews. The phone is good, and functions properly. I have been enjoying it seen I bought it. Though windows platform is young, I don't think I will be going back to any other OS any time soon. So simple to use. Good phone, packed with wonderful specs, at a cheap price.

Very responsive, excellent phone. Love live tiles and the camera takes better photos than expected. I am now a Nokia fan and will get a higher model with an even better camera and screen for myself .

I have a Nokia N8 that I wanted to upgrade and since Nokia's build quality speaks for itself I went for a Lumia.I wanted a phone with expandable memory as my music and photos are on the MicroSD card and I also wanted a phone with at least 1GB of RAM.So I got this Lumia 820.So far the phone has been great, save for some basic features I really miss like FM Radio, Flip to Silence, select a custom message alert, the ability to set separate volume for alarms, music, ringtones, etc., notification center, some kind of visual alert that I have missed a call, alert or a sms so I don't have to turn the screen on to check, have the phone ring and vibrate at the same time, and some other things I already have on a 3 years old phone but missing on a phone launched 5 months ago.The battery life is not as great as with the N8 but then again it's a 680 MHz 3.5 inches vs a 1.5GHz Dual Core 4.3 inches phone.I'm liking the phone so far as the UI is very fast but untill I get back all the funtionality I now have on my 3 years old Symbian phone, the N8 will stay with me as my primary phone. Maybe I can retire it for an Android phone as it has nearly all the features and functionality Symbian has.

The Nokia Lumia 820 is an excellent phone and windows 8 is very stable. Yes, the battery discharges very quickly and the slot for the mini SD card and the sim card are very hard to use. I bought this cell phone as factory unlocked but what I received was an AT&T cellphone with the code to unlocked.
