
Bought this for my wife since she didn't like how big my Galaxy S3 is.  The phone arrived on time but the phone and instructionswere in Itailian not English.  I kinda expected this since this phone isn't offered in the US.  Changing the phone's language to Englishisn't difficult just mentioning it so anyone reading this is aware.  The only real dissapointment I have with this phone is that thereception is not as good as my phone.  We live in an area where service can be somewhat marginal, my S3 usually has at least oneor two bars but her S3 mini sometimes doesn't have any service at all.

This phone is very usefull for me because I live in Ecuador and it has spanish language, and have many functions easy to handle and easy to use. thank you very much

I ordered this phone because it was supposed to be unlocked, but it was locked and the PIN code is nowhere to be found !!!

I have owned many types of cell phones (iOS, Android, Windows Phone 8) and I can say that this phone is definitely quite the value. It does not come with much bloatware installed, and as long as you have a MicroSD card, you should be plenty fine on storage.The only reason I took off one star, is because that it does not have LTE. I grew accustomed to LTE from other devices, but I can say that as long as you live in a good area for reception (with you carrier), HSDPA is plenty fast. On T-Mobile I have gotten upwards of 7mbps download and usually around 2mbps upload.The screen looks great, even though its not the highest resolution. The battery life is good too.Overall, I highly recommend buying this phone while it is around $180 and lower!

HelloThis product buy it from Venezuela, the team I get to my address in Florida and once received the computer in my country, I have as a result that the equipment does not work and does not register or have network access.Check this situationI apologize for my English

Cool style. Its performance is ok, but don't expect it to respond to taps always fast. For those who like phones big enough to make the touch screen easy to use, but still easy to carry in your pocket this is &#34;the&#34; phone. Battery charge duration is good, more than a day if used &#34;normally&#34;, or more than 2 days if you rarely use it.

I liked the phone, but sometimes it gets slow. Overall great phone for lowered cost. Works very well in Venezuela.

i just not give 5 stars because i receive the gt-i8190 model not the i8190  that i ordered, so  i cannot use with mi 3g provider.

THIS PHONE IS NOT ORIGINAL, case, battery, equipment and hearing aids not for the brand Samsung and finally I ordered the phone black and navy arrived. It is a completely rebuilt team that presents many software failures. This whole situation seems like a total fraud on your part and I paid for an original equipment purchase and got a rebuilt team.

works perfectly in Venezuela, I had no problem with the fully unlocked, so it was expected to buy it, I am satisfied by the purchase of the item, the delivery was excellent, arrived on time

ESPA&Ntilde;OL:Debo reconocer que estaba dudosa de adquirir el producto debido a la confusion sobre si el telefono funcionaria en mi pais (Venezuela) o no, pero aun asi decidi comprarlo. Llego a mis manos hace 5 dias y hasta el momento me ha encantado. Sin detalles, ni defectos. La memoria interna si es de 8GB, solo que la utilizable es de 4GB, el resto es utilizada por los archivos internos del telefono inteligente.La camara toma excelentes fotos. La bateria dura aproximadamente 12 horas en un dia de uso normal, sin mucha musica y videos.Respecto a mi principal preocupacion que era la se&ntilde;al, no hay ningun problema, funciona perfecto en mi pais, levanta 3.5G.ENGLISH:I must admit I was dubious about purchasing the product due to confusion about the functionally of the phone in my country (Venezuela), but still decided to buy it. the smartphone came to my hands 5 days ago, and since, I love it. No defects, no problems.The internal memory is 8GB but only 4GB is usable, the rest is used by the internal files of the smart phone.The camera takes excellent photos. The battery lasts about 12 hours in a day of normal use without a lot of music and videos.About my main concern; the signal, there is no problem, works perfect in my country, up 3.5G.

My dad loves his phone. He keeps raving about it. He loves the features, the size of the phone and the color.

Great phone but battery could've been better (longer life). At this price range the choice was between this and Ace2 and it still I am not sure if I made the right choice!!

excelente telefono

This item was advertised as a NEW USA Samsung smartphone.What I got was a USED MEXICAN Samsung smartphone with a SPANISH User Manual.The box factory seals wear broken on both ends.I have photos to prove all the above!I want a $US 100 Goodwill CREDIT from AMAZON and this Vendor.

I have to give this phone 5 stars. Because it shipped faster that I thought, I was not charged tax because the price already included that. It is a very good price after all smart phones are usually very expenssive. I am very happy with this phone, and hope it keeps working perfectly like it does right now. I definitely recommend people who want a good phone, and cannot afford to spend much to consider this one. So many applications are available to download, it takes good pictures, and it stores all my music and pictures really well.

Ordered black received white, not a huge deal though. The phone works as expected and was unlocked as expected. Cheers

Works well on T-mobile, just choose the GSM-Only option.Decent size in hand pocket and the wallet.Go for it!!

The phone is excellent and is working OK. I recommend this phone without any doubt. Also the price is good.

Got my order within 3 days as I'm from the Caribbean (the Bahamas)Product was in excellent condition. Everything is perfect so far, only problem was I had received a European charger but its not a big deal because I have many Samsung chargers. Im happy with my order and would definitely buy from this seller again.

The items I received is very nice, The battery was seal packed. I am worried about the BOX as the seal was broken. was'nt a seal packed. But overall it works perfect the camera is fine. cool...

Made it at a decent amount of time, works well so far,It's an unlocked version like it says, got it programmedfew days after I received it. I mean I just got it and so far it workswell, programmed well. Thanks

I sent this to Venezuela to my husband and he is very grateful. It works perfectly there and has nothing but good things to say. Thank you.

This was a gift to my sister. She loves this version. This is a good product for the price when compared with competitive brand products

Says exactly how it came and arrived on a resonable date .. Only one problem when i put in headphones thats not its own it acts up but otherwise great

Excelent, Beautifull!!!!

arrived exactly as described, I have had no issue with the phone on the t-mobile network. The phone came in the original packaging and had protective seal and plastic screen protective wrap intact. recommend.

It's a good basic smart phone; paid $240 including the shipping cost to Honolulu.  Speed of delivery was excellent.  Am using it in S. Korea through a S. Korean carrier.  Just had to register this phone with the service provider here.

T&iacute;pico de tecnolog&iacute;a samsung, dada que objetar, r&aacute;pido, preciso, funcional. Tel&eacute;fono de gama media que resuelve l dia a dia de las personas que no sufren de tecnolog&iacute;as super avanzadas

I bought this phone as a present for my step dad. He is really enjoying it. Great quality. Thank you

Excelent.

I purchased this phone to use it in Venezuela and it works perfectly with all mobile phones companies. It comes unlocked and in perfect conditions.

EXCELENTE

great buy, everything as stated. fast, brilliant screen and easy to handle and more..Ging to get another one for my wife.. Great pictures.

Excellent phone, I had no problem for applications, I am very satisfied with the product, I recommend it to anyone interested in buying this phone model.

It is an excellent product I recommend with eyes closed Samsung GT-i8190 Galaxy S3 Mini BLACK 3G 900/1900/2100 factory Unlocked

Fine i like this phone, display is ver cool, phone comes with good protecction, os very qwickly thanks to processor

Its a Great Phone, Small, Powerfull, Android.! Good color, Nice finish, and all accessories in mint condition.Highly recommended for Everybody

Excelent

worked for me with my t-mobile service. Better than iPhone for chats. Font size can be increased to pretty large size.

I like it. The seller was an excellent. Samsung is very nice, especially the mini one.I bought it and i like it.

It goes to emergency calls only and has to be powered off and on.Not sure if this is caused by setting, &#34;memory full&#34;, or just buggzy.

Did not Ord e r this please check

I purchased this phone for my wife and I have to say it is excellent. I have an iphone 5 and love it, but would recomment a samsung galaxy for people who want a great phone which is cheaper.

I love this phone, is fast enough for most apps and in Nicaragua works with both cell phone companies. I love it.

I've bought this unlocked cell phone when I was in the states and now I am using this in my country here in Turkey. If you are looking for an inexpensive smart phone this is what you need...

I like this model because is small and very beautiful, i am learning to use , it has a lot of options, It is cool

the phone is excellent. very good resolution and I love all android features and easy to handle. . I recommend it 100%

The best phone I owned for awhile.I owned this for about 2 years, I probably got it wet about 2 times, it still worked, and was dropped tons to where the front screen covering glass was off that screen was cracked and all the black bordering around the top was off because it was dropped so much, but it still worked. I dropped it and it hit the corner of a brick on our patio and just stopped working. Overall, good for if a kid wants a phone, it's affordable and just a nice device.Pros:CameraEVERYTHING ELSEDurableCons:Really nothing

This phone is worth buying it is easy to use and it works great. I just received this phone 5 days ago and I am very happy so far I am using it on AT&T network and I have no problems  the phone charges quickly and battery life is pretty good, every thing was in order upon delivery it even came a day earlier than expected  i would recommend it

good quality smart phone.

delievery  takes  longer that  expectproduct with european  charger ! no us  adapter ! previuosly  with  same  product from amazon for my wife  I've got  adapter  ....that why 4 stars

buenisimo

excellent product work well in venezuela.  it is worth the price. recommended phone to frustrated iphone users that want to change phone

On day of arrival, went to Carphone Warehouse and bought a SIM from O2 with talk, data and text. Worked perfectly for the entire trip.

Is very smart. my daughter love it. Try it, my son whants one for him too.I will buy another one.

This phone is really unlocked, I received it on time and with its original box and all the accesories in. It works perfectly in Venezuela with MOVISTAR Love it ,

This Samsung GT-i8190 Galaxy S3 Mini is light and pocket-sized, yet fast and loaded with features including a good camera and high-resolution display.  Very compatible with PC for sharing photos, contacts, etc.  Upgraded from Samsung Exhibit II.

This is an original samsung galaxy s3 mini, not a chinese copy if you were wondering. The shipment was fast and the phone is unlocked as advertised as I've used it in South America perfectly fine. 5 stars for the price and the shipment.

love this mini phone could hold in my pocket while i'm at work, shopping or doing chores.  order one for my sister

This phone was clearly for a Spanish market and came with no English instructions.  No problem.  Go online and find the manual with a Google search and download it.  What I like about this phone is how it does everything I need in one package.  I make calls with it (obviously), I play solitaire on it, and I read books with it.  I also use the Polaris Office app to seamlessly open all of my MS Office docs and allow me much better editing and control the my old Windows phone (a fact I find amazing).  As for reliability, it has been working great since I got it.  I have dropped it twice and it's still working fine.

exelente producto

i did not get it until now,please check it and I want to get my money back. thank you by syaiful arman

love the phone but does NOT work with straight talk byop plan like I was told it did will not buy another one disappointed almost 500 bucks for 2 of them down the drain

really cool and awesome. its just like this big huge s3 but my mom love it because of its neatness and she doesn't really like the big phones

I just received this phone from seller Cell Lounge Inc. and it is a phone created for the Mexican market.  All text on box, user manual, and phone startup is in Spanish.I purchased this phone based on all of the great questions asked and reviews for my Brazilian in-laws to take back to Brazil with them.  Nowhere in the description does it say that you will be receiving a phone from Mexico.I am giving this a 3 star (average) review until my in-laws get back to Brazil and prove that it actually works for them.  I am skeptical at this point because the description should clearly state what you will be receiving.  It appears that others have had the same issue, and also that multiple sellers are using this same description.  I would prefer that this be stated in the description, because none of us can use the owner's manual in Spanish.

The phone is great. The only downside, was the memory.Online said 8GB, and only got 4GB. Review phone now.

It is a good phone. But is little small for Men&#34;s hand. It is OK for women. Also feature is not same as big brother.

Fast behavior, reliable hardware, good display. The bad thing is that it doesn't tell when the signal is loosed and calls can't enter.

After having it for a week now I definitely got a good feel of the phone now. Out of the box I loved it!!! It was stylish, fast and pretty easy to use and set up. I loved how ez it was to customize everything. The phone is lightening fast running multiple apps seamlessly and for an average cell phone user it was more than enough to run tasks like light web browsing, media and messaging. There were some things I had a little problem with for example if your a big music person the stock music player doesn't have lock screen functions which is a BIG thing for me but winamp easily fixed that seamlessly syncing your playlists, etc from the stock android player. The stock messaging keyboard didn't have very good predictive text and it wasn't very good for typing long messages quickly so I ended up downloading swiftkey which is definitely worth it if you're a big texter and like typing quickly and accurately. The phone's internal memory itself comes out to be barely 4 gb compared to the 8 that was advertised and you aren't able to store apps onto the SD card which could be a bit of a problem if you're an app fanatic. But for personal files and media, expanding it with a 32gb sd card is no problem. The last issue I had with this phone was if you plan on using this phone without using mobile data, you won't be able to view multimedia messages using wifi because the s3 line requires you to download it through the carrier's network. All these were little hiccups in an otherwise amazing phone. You can't beat the features and design of the phone with the price. I would definitely recommend this phone in a heartbeat.

I'm very happyMy new smartphone is nice, is excelent, samsung galaxy S III  is the bestBlackBerry is out

Without problem. Only the camera has a minor detail, the photos come out with a speck. Thank you very much. Greetings.

Just wanted to say customer service was great I had a small problem the fix it fast is yes I would shop their again and I well tell my friends to shop their to.......A very happy customer... Thank you Carolyn

I couldn't afford the Galaxy IV so made do with the III and it was everything I had hoped for. The user instructions were in French though so I had to download the English version which helped tremendously. This is a great value for money android.

The product was as described and came with battery, charger, USB cable, and earphones. The only slight drawback for me was that the user manual was completely in Spanish. Good thing I can understand Spanish. In any case, the user manual is also available in English online at the Samsung website.

I received my S3 mini about one month ago and have been very happy with this purchase. The phone arrived in an unopened Samsung box and was fully unlocked, as advertised. Arrived with charger (with USA and EU adapters) and headphones. I had read reviews about these unlocked phones coming from overseas (I'm in USA) so I was not surprised when I received a phone that appeared to come from Poland. I was easily able to navigate the settings menu based on the visual icons and looked up &#34;language&#34; in Polish on google translate. Less than 20 seconds after turning on the phone I had the menu switched to English and was off and running. Only suggestion, I should have bought a case with my original purchase instead of waiting for phone to arrive. Overall, great phone, great price and great buying experience...thanks!

There are better phones with better speed and features. the screen already broken after it was dropped on its side a foot away from the ground. Samsung and others should be able to have some kind of protection to avoid easy braking. This is the part I do not like of these phones. you pay hundreds of dollars and still they cannot add a bumper that costs 0.001% for protection.

The only negative is that this phone is deceptively described as &#34;international&#34; whereas it will not work from Europe to Asia where different frequencies are used. Truly International multiple-frequency cell phones are sold and cost 2x as much.The phone description should be GT-i8190 L - the L suffix meaning Latin is because it will only be international in the Americas and maybe Japan.

Quite versatile and light-weight smart phone. Even with the smaller screen, it is amazing how easy it is to read, watch videos and send emails with. Sound quality is decent too.

I bought this cell for my son for Christmas and he absolutely loves it.  It works well and came unlocked and we have had no issues at all with it.  Would purchase again.

Nice compact device, works as expected, known Samsung quality.came with Android 4.2.fast and powerful.good screen quality.good camera quality.

At first when I got the phone I was a little dithered when I seen everything in Spanish but the person at amazon gave me the service number in witch I got the phone and had it strait in one second everything is great with this phone I love it !!!! Thank you amazon you made my personal life and business go easy this Christmas thank you and happy holidays to everyone

I bought a Samsung GT-i8190 Galaxy S3 Mini 8GB Unlocked 3G HSDPA 850 mhz  International Version BLACK factory and I came a HSDPA 900 MHZ mhz factory Unlocked International, please do not mislead people

I got my phone pretty quick and it was on time for delivery I like the phone brand new and I likethe way it works but what I don't like is the international version and I can transfer my apps to my sd card but other then I love the phone

It is a very good smartphone and meets my expectations, It is very fast and easy, I recommend it besides that I like the operating system that is android

This is the smaller version of the Ssmsung sIII. It fits smaller hands perfectly.The screen size is larger then the Apple iPhone.

I will order my products from this sight again. It was a little scary at first but the steps were easy.

everything ok

I select this phone for my daughter and believe that it was the best choice, the model is friendly and really looks very nice for young people, the most important is that it has all the requirements for help the people to maintain a very good communication.

The phone is, as mentioned in comments below, made in Mexico.However it works fine, and, what was more important for me, it works in Argentina's network.

BUYER BEWARE!  The factory seals on the box were broken and the seller attempted to cover them up with seals of their own.  The phone, box, instructions, etc are in Spanish.  This was not posted in the listing anywhere.  While you can change the language once you are in the phone, there are things like the email signature line that are still in Spanish.  I can't figure out how half the functions work on the phone without the English instructions.  Also, the shipping was so slow, I could've walked to the state it was being shipped from faster than it took the postal carrier to get here.  Huge disappointment.An update since my original post: I contacted Samsung for help.  This model DOES NOT EXIST...IT IS NOT A SAMSUNG PHONE!  IT IS FAKE!

Excelente funciona muy bien en Venezuela con Movistar y DigitelExcellent works great in Venezuela with Movistar and Digitel

excelent

This is a very good cell phone I like it very much.. Lo Recomiendo a todos los interesados de amazon

1. Fair... since seller shipped overnight after 2 weeks dealy2. Fair... since seller did response in a reasonable time frame3. Fari... description can be more in depth.... It is a I8190L model not I8190 as advertised.... Buyer need to study and research more about network frequency if interested in buying it.

I was waiting for the arrival of my smartphone, eager for several days. But when I had it in my hands I could see the fantastic software and its operation and Digitel Venezuela. Grateful to the seller.

Looks nice, compact size with greate features. I bought black one for my doughter and she liked that. I would recommend anybody to buy this phone.

excelente producto

Very nice and handy phone. Fast, good density of colors, good camera. Very fine price. Samsung.Jos&eacute; j la riva

Not on the right frequency, the notice says 900/1900/2100 when I turned out to be the device 850/1900/2100 and does not work 3G

I really fell in love with this phone. it's a great phone this is coming from a Apple user I am still getting used to this phone it has more options then Apple NOT hating on Apple I love Apple but its a difference for the Galaxy in screen size and it takes beautiful pictures and I like to watch youtube videos its perfect for videos and apps.

The phone is elegant and compact. It does everything I need and works smoothly. Reception is better than my old Galaxy Ace, and the upgraded Android has nice features.

El enchufe del cargador llego da&ntilde;ado, cuando se conecta al tomacorriente no funciona. Aparte el celular no sirve en la banda de Kolbi Ice en Costa Rica. Con el unico operador que funciona es con CLARO Costa Rica. No recomiendo este vendedor!!The charger plug get damaged when connected to the outlet does not work. Besides the cell does not work in Ice Kolbi band in Costa Rica. With the only operator that works with CLARO is Costa Rica. I recommend this seller!

I was so afraid of ordering a phone on Amazon! Not being able to talk to a rep, see or touch the phone before buying is a bit of a scary thing. I spent countless hours researcheing phones on Amazon. Checking sellers reviews, phone reveiws and customer reveiws. All I can say is that I am over the moon with my decision!  The Samsung Galaxy S III mini arrived ON TIME, IN PERFECT CONDITION and was exactly as described. I'm so excited! These are the kinds of businesses that make online shopping a stellar choice. Especially when you live in the middle of nowhere! I saved time and money. Who doesn't love that? If your looking for a phone that fits in your pocket but can still keep up with it's "big brothers" and save you hundreds of dollars,  this is it. I would recommend this seller as they filled my order with the appropriate product. No scams here! Oh happy day.

Excellent product, I am from Venezuela and the phone works perfectly with any line, I love my phone. Very comfortable.

This phone has all the great things you want for fun with tons of room to download whatever you might want. Where I live it will only get EDGE but that's with any phone ive had when it comes to T-Mobile. The really good thing is that even though it only gets EDGE like the 3 other phones I have, its still by far the fastest one out there. The hotspot makes my computer sites come up at the blink of an eye. Has a great price for the things can do!

excelent, only one think , i dont have 3g

the only thing was that the charger plug was european :( and the box didn't have any adaptor ... I had to find out another charger for the phone.

that one of the features is that it says 3G and lie and are 5gb 8gb for storage and the other 3 are for applications supposedly but I do not see them in the configuration

It's magnific, I power on, I put my sim card and ready to enjoy my cell phone. I need to buy another because my daughter and take it for her personal use

Bought this phone because my old phone broke but I am very impress with all the features and it came in excellent condition.

Some friends had given me some references about this smartphone, and motivated to do was to be used mostly for text messaging and checking my social networks, in addition to an affordable price, I decided to buy it. I have had very good experience, this phone has met my expectations and I'm pretty satisfied. One thing that I liked is that you can customize the type and size of letters. The cell phone is being used in Venezuela, and it works fine. For those who are into buying a cell that will give the same uses it, I recommend it widely.

excellent!!!

The product was in perfect condition and arrived timely. Box was open but it came with a note explaining it had been opened during customs examination. Apparently the product ships from Mexico and came with Spanish as a default factory language (not a problem for me) but is easily changed.

Product was received as discribed,arrived on time, nicely packaged. It works perfectly here in Curacao with my sim card. Just inserted the sim in and it started working. It comes with the earpiece, usb cable, wall charger and battery. Its perfect to play games, watch Youtube. My wife loved it. The speakers are really loud for a phone which is great. No flukes found. The phone is flauwless and I do recommend to buy from BlutekUsa!!!
