
I love my new android phone, it was cheap and reasonable for me. This being my first android I couldn't be more happier!!

I ordered an red event phone and it doesn't work ,I can't get in touch with anyone. The physical appearance of the phone was horrible. This was the worst experience ever. sarah-grace@cox.net Please send me my money back and you will get what you call a phone back. Thank you

The phone is pretty good for a starter but if you can get another phone instead please do so!! The apps crash one time I tried making a call the whole phone froze not a good look!

I bought the Kyocera Event Android Phone because I wanted a portable Android wifi capable device to run a few apps.  I don't really care about the device as a cell phone and I haven't activated it.  I use it to run a few apps, including the LEAF Spy app for looking at the battery stats on my Nissan LEAF.  Battery Life could be better, but if you disable the power hungry features, it seems to hold the charge a bit better.

I've just gotten off the phone with Virgin Mobile technical "support". He told me that this phone is not registered with Virgin Mobile and that I should return it for a refund. Will do!

great for a second phone to use for downloading apps and playing music and movies; i do not use this as a personal phone, though.

I activated this phone in the store then took it home. At home, I could either get no service or a very faint signal (one bar if I was lucky). Every phone call I made either dropped or was so broken up that it was worthless. I tried installing phone signal booster apps. Nothing. I called Virgin Mobile (on my AT&T phone that I still had service with) to see if there was something I could do. This was on my very first day of the phone. The first person I spoke with told me I would get a refund if they couldn't resolve the problem before she bounced me to another person, who told me they were going to watch it the next 24 hours and get back to me. They didn't. I called them the next day and spoke with two people, one who was very rude. The next day I called to cancel my service since I was still getting no signal and couldn't hold a conversation on the phone. I talked to someone who, again, was rude and told me that because there is coverage in my area, San Francisco, (which my phone wouldn't pick up) and because I had used over 15 minutes of phone time (most of which was from a customer rep having me call a number so he could listen to it over my at&t phone) they couldn't give me a refund for the month service I had paid for. I was able to get the cost of the phone refunded and I promptly went back to AT&T. I don't know if it was the phone or just Virgin Mobile's crappy service, but the whole experience I had with them was extremely negative. I advise anyone to stay away from them.

Very poor. Took it literally 25 minutes to turn on. Always turned off. One month and then it broke. Slow and dumb.

I bought this phone to replace my other one  and because it was the cheapest  this is barely  my second day with it and i can tell you for a fact  DO NOT BUY DO NOT BUY, it over heats to quick, it freezes, the battery drains within 2 hours or so and it keeps kicking me off the enternet if you want a reliable phone do not buy this one  period but its your loss if you do.

well this is a very nice phone. i have the Galaxy s 4 and if i didn't this phone would be the phone for me. its just a very nice phone and sounds great the phone is just so darn cute, i bought it for my daughter and we both love it.

It's slows, good for the price, but just moderately better then a flip phone. you can check fb, I'm, and emails but just slow load time

It freezes almost all the time. It is not a reliable phone. This phone was working fine for the first few days with the very bare minimum amount of memory that it has. Now I have it for six weeks and I was greatly disappointed. It has a lag of 2 to 5 seconds every time I  typing. Many I have to turn it off to make it work. restarts by itself several times a day. I am going to try to return it. Overall I suggest not to buy it.

I had the phone for about 2 months before it started dying. Battery wouldnt hold charge, and phone would run painfully slow even when all apps were removed and/or updated.Would not let me answer or make calls. Wouldnt send pictures or receive after the first month, and dont get me started on the camera.Finally gave up and bought a Galaxy...Kyocera Event...worst phone I've bought...

Lots of pro's but con's aren't to far the phone is very light weight a plus for some and down side for others the power button doesn't seem like its going to hold up for very long its pretty loose and wiggly I've only had it less then a month it did get pretty hot for the first couple of days then it stopped but the colors are bold and vibrant I love the blue it has through out the phone (numbers, clock,signal bars,3G) the visual voicemail is a plus for me. The internal storage is awesome I have downloaded so many apps with no SD card and they run smoothly the only thing is the battery dies even with little to minimal use example I charged it completely up for one whole day and the next day it went dead in like 3/hrs.  this was before I had any  applications  I just got an app to help with that the music when downloaded sounds awesome I also like the fact the phone comes with flash for pic's even though camera isnt a big issue for me overall it is a nice phone great size the touch screen is very responsive I just hate that I have to lock my screen before saying hello when I answer my phone if not it goes crazy all over the place even hangs up on people....the internet is pretty fast its a 4.0 wayyy better then the 2.3 lg optimus I use to have I like it but hate Virgin mobile so I'm going back to straight talk  I miss my lg290c battery life and call clarity by the way this phones clarity is a little above average for a touch screen

I've owned many a phone in my life, but this one was the worst. Right out of the gate, it would constantly shut itself off despite being at full charge. It frequently forgot my contacts, and now it won't stop vibrating, despite changing settings to no vibrating, turning the phone off several times, and removing the battery.My opinion? Get a phone that's not this. Even better, don't go to Virgin Mobile or Sprint.

i like my phone i recommend if you like to buy it. is a grate smart phone, i download magic jack and it works perfect.

This is my first &#34;smart&#34; phone, still figuring it out lol. I love the price I got it for, and will probobly shop here in the future!!

This phone is horrible, just horrible.Yeah, it was nice at first but within a few weeks it started freezing. You have to take the battery out and restart it that way.Once it goes through it's phase of freezing, it starts to crash and restart. At first it only crashes like once a day, but then it gets to five times and then to ten.Just when you think it can't get any worse, it won't turn on. It freezes and gets stuck during the reboot. It goes to a black screen and stops. You need to restart it three times before you see the VM screen and it starts to actually work. Oh and whenever I go to send a text, the messages application crashes.This is a horrible phone and I wouldn't even wish it upon my greatest enemy. I haven't even paid my phone plan because it doesn't seem to be worth it with this phone.Let's put it this way: the only reason I gave this phone 1 star was because amazon didn't give me the option of no stars.

worst phone ever. touchscreen responds only half the time and is sooo slow. it may be cheap but this phone definitely not worth the thrift

Decent phone for the price, I enjoy my product immensely the only think bad I can even really say about it is that the Voice Recognition is not really that great but the swype kinda makes up for it since its easy to enter what you are looking for this the second smart phone I have had ever and this one is WAY WAY WAY better than the first one its faster has more opportunity to do differnet apps I would like to keep and plan to keep this phone for quite a while til the next Android update comes out and I will maybe keep this still at that time GREAT PHONE FOR UNDER 60 Bux!!!

I purchased this phone for $60 at Radio Shack. It's the worst phone I've ever had. NO matter how many times I delete pics from the Gallery, they magically reappear. The phone shuts down while I'm playing apps and in the middle of a conversation. If I turn the ringer OFF..the phone still rings. I've only had the phone for two months and it's never been dropped or damaged. Too bad I didn't return it, now I'm stuck with a terrible phone and looking to buy a new one.

i bought this cellphone at virgin mobile online site for $ 59.at first it looks a very good cellphone.nice price,very good style,screen size is ok,good specs and operating system.but when i started using it i understood all the bad reviews.this is a pain ....very slow when u are trying to make a call,sometimes i have to wait more than 10 seconds to connect the call,sometimes it freezes when trying to connect it to wifi,some apps will delay when trying to start.if you want a fast responsive android please i beg you do yourself a favor and spend a little more and buy another model or brand.i still have mine but always thinking in buying a new other android brand soon.

Saw an ad for the Kyocera Event PREPAID Android Phone (Virgin Mobile) and thought it would be exactly what I need to replace my old Samsung Blackjack which I use as a Go Phone. I only put $100 on the Samsung this past year and still have $28 left with a month to go so I don't make a lot of calls. Now I had assumed that Prepaid is the same as a Go Phone, and even called Virgin Mobile USA to confirm with a phone rep that I could put $90 to top-up and use it for a year and get calls and data deducted. I was excited. A touchscreen Android 4.0 phone for $50!Yesterday I received the phone and it was even better than I expected - no faults on the phone's quality at all. Went online to activate it and transfer the old number but was only given the option of Virgin's "Beyond Talk - Unlimited Data & Messaging" monthly plans. There was not even an option for their lesser Paylo monthly plans. So I called Virgin Mobile to activate and top the phone up. There I was told by the customer service rep that I could only get monthly plans. I said I had been told less than a week ago that I could get their pay as you go option. She said that was not available for android phones. After voicing my disatisfaction I told her I was going to return the phone.Immediately the phone was packed back up and ready for pickup for return to Amazon. I am thoroughly disgusted by Virgin Mobile's waste of my time and it will be a long time before I consider them as a viable phone service.

We got sick of borrowing our kids our expensive phones, tablets, or IPOD Touch. Loaded them up with the popular games, Netflix, Google Music, and Zello. Didn't bother activating them since they never are out of WiFi range. They can text grandma, walkie-talkie each other on Zello,play their music, etc.. Here's a hint if you want to do the same, create seperate Google accounts for your kids with no credit card attached, then you do not have to worry about in-app purchases. If I need to get them a paid app I buy it on my phone, log in on theirs with my account,load the paid app, and then remove my account from their phone. Slight pain, but no chance of them &#34;accidentally&#34; spending money on their phones.

! This phone was whack! It would not connect to my husband's Blue Parrot Bluetooth. I tried it with an even older cheaper model Samsung and it worked great, which is odd, because the old Samsung was not even a touch screen or anything modern. Also this phone shut down and reset itself like 3 times in the few days we had it. Every time it shuts itself down, it erased all of the phone's info including my contacts! No beuno! Yes, this was returned. I will stick with the Samsungs, LG's, or hell even Iphones. Get what you pay for!!!

The phone is constantly freezing up or over heating, not to mention the battery drains fast. Otherwise its a good phone if you are just looking to use it for basic necessities.

This phone sucks big time I regret buying it is garbage freezes a lot the music player sucks don't get this phone buy the lg optimus elite it handles apps better music player is great

To tell the truth i wasn't expecting a great phone, it has a cheap price point...so naturally i thought cheap. I was wrong and I'm glad i was. This is a great phone. Good user speed, no freezing, no uninitialized app closing. I would recommend this phone to anyone. I'm kinda a picky person when it comes to phones and i don't have one valid issue with this phone, other then no one has made a protective cover for it. But I'm sure in time it will happen. I'm planning on using this phone for a long time.

This phone is junk. Do not waste your money. Freezes up all the time and trying to get a signal is like pulling your own teeth.

The phone is decent. It has a 4.0 operating system and runs many of my favorite apps. I may end up replacing it though simply because the camera will not focus well. It does not have autofocus so some of the moneymaking apps I use do not work well with it. Barcodes on Jingit and ipoll will not register. This is very frustrating to me because I thought with a 4.0 android I would be able to make more money with my money making apps.

While i would not recommend this phone to someone who wants a top performing android i would however recommend this to someone who NEEDS a smartphone for simple use. Other people say the battery dies quickly and it restarts often but that doesn't seem to be the case with me at all as mine runs smoothly. I originally bought this phone for the camera so I could deposit my checks. I was told it had auto focus (which was a lie) but I was still able to take good enough pictures of my checks for them to deposit (YOU NEED ADEQUATE SUNLIGHT FOR THIS TO WORK!!!) Other than that i have no problems with the phone....for now.

I got this phone mainly for Torque app and Pandora, but I dont think that the phone can handle gazillion apps. It is fast and responsive, better than my 3gs iphone ever was. Only two issues I have with the phone is that bluetooth reception is bad and battery life is terrible.

Its an amazing phone for the price i got it for 28$ what i do recommend if youre getting this phone is to atleast get a 4gb sd card

I got this as a $40 deal of the day on Amazon but when it was delivered the device didn't act like a modern phone should.  The phone wouldn't operate some basic applications that an Ice Cream Sandwich phone with its specs should.  Many apps just got stuck or wouldn't even open.  I also had an issue with getting on WiFi after the second day of ownership.  I know it was a $40 deal but the device should perform some of the basics, even if at a slower rate.  I returned it within a few days.

Well  like any Android device they lag time to time but this phone lags constantly While your doing something like playing games it freezes and stops working. Or using the browser it stops working and when using WiFi forget about it its slow and ruins the fun out of  many things. you could be watching videos or reading a book and all of a sudden out of no were the thing freezes on you or lags. And talk about space its only 4g!!!Well the good thing about the phone is that its small light and the back of it has an interesting back also the cool flick buttons when  ending calls or the echo mode so that if people like me forget their chargers and you have 5 percent life put the echo on and you have about 10 percent. that may not be alot but it helps when doing important calls or last minute task/

the quality of the calls are bad it sounds like the phone is under water, also it chugs a lot when I'm just browsing through apps it seems like it cant handle a lot of things and the battery life is poor if you leave the 3g on it will die within 3-4 hours.

Pretty cheap phone. You get what you pay for. With that said I wouldn't buy it again but wouldn't discourage someone who needs just a inexpensive starter phone

I was looking for a small device like a tablet. I guess when you have a tablet then you don't need a smart phone. as much as I think smartphones are a good thing, you can't beat a tablet and a SMS phone.

It does the things I want it to do, i.e., talk on the telephone, get email, check location.  I don't game or do social networking on the phone.

This phone is NOT the best choice out there. You literally get what you pay for. I bought it thinking it would be a good little work phone. I have never been more wrong in my life. This phone turns off and on all by itself. It barely gets reception ANYWHERE. I'm a little surprised that Virgin Mobile is still in business. I sent the phone back with the whole month of service still on it. NOT IMPRESSED AT ALL!

I understand why the phone is cheap, it's Kyocera, I've never had much luck with them, I've had this one maybe a month, but this is also the third one, I've received two faulty phones, one lasted maybe 2-3 months, the other not even three weeks. It overheats at the drop of a hat, Pandora prime bogs this down to where it will reset in twenty minutes, I've had many connectivity issues with Wi-Fi, 3g, and the actual phone network, small apps run it hot, battery is weak, and chrome just crashed on me three times in the main screen...I plan on upgrading sooner than later, worst investment I've ever made.

When I wanted a cheap0priced smartphone, I thought this would be the one one for me. I didn't want an expensive samsung, or an HTC, and so on. I thought, &#34;Wow! I only paid thirty dollars for this! This is a wonderful deal!&#34; How wrong was I! the first few weeks I received the dumb thing, it kept turning itself on and off; this happened everyday! Now it won't even boot, it's stuck on the EVENT by Kyocera image then it goes to the &#34;android system recovery&#34; page. So it doesn't even work now. My sister wants to get a cheap smartphone; I told her not to purchase this phone. I haven't even had it for three months and it's toast. DO NOT purchase this phone. Now I have to buy a phone that is not junky and pay a lot of money; thanks, Kyocera!

I brought this phone for my 10yr old daughter and she loves it perfect size and easy to use really great phone for the price of it

Good quality cheap phone! Lots of features and they do work but everything is tiny. too small of a phone. We live in a rural area and whenever the phone is at our house, the most it has is 1 bar of signal strength. Works great where there are alot of towers but not so much in rural situations!!!

I used the Kyocera Event camera along with the LG Optimus Elite for a few days, both available from Virgin Mobile, doing a side by side comparison. The Optimus Elite is a better buy by far.Get the Optimus Elite and not the Kyocera Event.  Here's why:First, all the pluses are on the Optimus Elite side, in case there's any confusion.The Kyocera Event has a SD slot but it's under the battery.  I've been begging designers to put the SD slot there for years...FINALLY!  The Optimus Elite SD slot is under the back cover but not under the battery, fortunately the back cover is easy to take off.The 3.2 MP camera of the Kyocera Event takes very low quality pictures. I have another 3.2 MP camera that actually takes much better pictures.  The camera has an awkward "slider button" for a meager 2X zoom.  Compare this to a 5MP camera on the Optimus Elite with a 4X pinch to zoom that takes MUCH better pictures - the difference is NOT SUBTLE. The camera of the Optimus Elite has better controls generally.  The pictures of the Kyocera Event are just plain bad - it's a terrible camera.  The pictures of the Optimus Elite are good, which I would expect from a 5MP camera - for snapshots, not for landscape photography, good for the kids birthday party if not the wedding.On the Kyocera Event phone, the AMP app (for Awesome Music Player, downloaded from Google market) didn't work, giving me a "player has stopped" error message - but this app did work on the Optimus Elite.  My plan was to buy an android phone just for use of the AMP app!  This gave me a clear answer to the question of which phone to keep.  (This isn't an ad for the AMP app, I just don't want to make vague claims that "apps don't work".)The screen of the Kyocera Event was "slightly" sharper, which I noticed with tiny words in online pictures, but otherwise, when reading text at websites, the screens of both phones are "not the highest res" and slightly contrasty at websites (which means whites a little too white, and slightly short on the details in shadow areas, which isn't the case with my Galaxy player 5.0, just for another point of comparison).The Optimus Elite is also thinner, (0.38 inches) with same H and W as the Kyocera Event.  In fact, this may be the thinnest cell phone I've seen - ever - other than for some of the newest models.The Optimus Elite also has a built-in screen shot feature (pressing the vol+/- button in the middle), which also permits inserting typographic text or drawing letters/shapes with a fingertip and which is actually a very cool feature - again, it's built-in.The Optimus Elite also has Google Wallet.The Optimus Elite also has Gorilla Glass, a high-tech, "scratch-proof glass" from Corning, and easily wipes clean with a cloth (I just checked) - the Kyocera Event is more smudge prone and harder to wipe clean.But I have to admit I didn't get it for the phone features, so I didn't check them out on either of these two phones.So between these two phones, aside from the phone features, which I didn't examine, I strongly recommend the Optimus Elite, and strongly discourage purchasing the Kyocera Event for any reason.

If you value your money, do not buy this product.I purchased three of these phones to use as music streaming devices for different rooms of my house. The app I used was stopped whenever I wasn't in the room with the phone.Of the three I purchased, only one is still functioning.There is a fundamental flaw with the software or hardware of this phone.One of the three phones just stopped loading. It is a well known issue with this phone. The factory reset option has no effect. Same, continuous problem.One of the three phones has intermittent crashes. The phone will freeze up, but will load EVENTUALLY. A software reset is required every so often.One of the phones runs like a top. No problems at all.The worst part is the replacement policy requires you to register your phone, but customer service WILL NOT tell me how to do so without loading money onto the phone, which I am not willing to do since my use is different. It even says so in the terms of service.So to break it all down, that's:1. 100% terrible customer service.2. 66.66% chance of receiving a defective unit.3. 33.33% chance of receiving a working unit.4. 0% chance I would buy or recommend anyone buy a Kyocera/Virgin Mobile product again in the future.You have been warned.

I truly do love this phone! It's fast and has a fair share of memory. NOTHING is wrong with this phone besides the fact that it lags A LOT when you play certain apps. I recomend to only use this phone for calling or texting, or it'll pause up.

I bought this phone to replace a Kyocera Rise. I had that phone rooted, so I could tweak that one to reduce some of the rebooting and memory issues that I experienced about month into owning that phone. It was running fine, then one day in late Sep. 2013, I decided to try an app (AKA Pimp My ROM, LOL!) that would make some extensive tweaks possible. I went crazy... initially I meant to tweak the wifi part only. Then, I began to check a few more options... then some more... more... until I practically went through every damned option available. I saw a reset button somewhere, but didn't think of pressing it, though I should have.(Though now in hindsight, perhaps I'm glad I didn't. ;))Rebooted the phone, then... boot loop... boot loop... BOOT LOOP...After a few minutes of this, I tried to factory reset the poor thing. Didn't work. (That killed the option for me to debug the phone with a tool that works on PC's as I learned later.) At that moment, I 'bricked' it. Useless! GRRR!!!Enter the Event! Ha!After some research in several forums, including Android Forums (AKA Phandroid), I chose this one. I noticed the similarities with the Rise (same CPU and graphics processor). I don't mind the lack of a physical keyboard. Before the moment I bricked the Rise, I noticed myself using the keyboard less, and doing more typing on screen.The extra internal memory for app storage helps a little, and the OS on this phone lets users move some apps to the SD card. Interestingly, the available system RAM on this phone isn't much more than on the Rise (360 MB vs 357 MB!).Even with that issue, I've noticed that the Event is a snappier phone. I installed 30 apps on it. Among those apps, I installed two that kills unwanted apps in the background after a set period (every two hours), and another that controls wifi and 3g when the phone is idle.I noticed that the phone seems to warm a bit, mostly when watching long videos or playing 3d accelerated games for an extended period. Most smartphones exhibit this side effect anyway, so this is nothing new. Some users have complained of the phones being nearly too hot to handle. I'd say those phones are either defective, has a stubborn app that refuses to get out of memory (they're bad, delete 'em if you can), or lack an app killer. Even if an app killer is used (or not), swiping apps from the multitasker list can help reduce memory issues.As far as the appearance, it's nothing special. The phone is a featherweight device. All black, all the time, unless you buy one from Radio Shack that has the red parts, or buy a colorful protective case for it. There are even some Otterbox-like cases for this phone, including some that are sold here. I'm going for a metallic red rubberized case + screen protector that should be in my paws in a few days. Because this phone is so light, it can be quite easy to drop if you aren't careful.Out of the box, the phone should serve you well, if your needs are modest.If you want a little extra performance, you're going to have to root the phone. And yes, I've had it done to my Event.This page has a guide that will work as directed for the Event. It is aimed at Rise owners: [...]UPDATED November 10, 2013: I have had the phone for a month. So far, I have about 45 apps loaded onto it, and it's working smoothly.A few apps have failed to work for me, most notably the facebook app. I realize that the number of apps I have is affecting the performance of that app. facebook is a MEMORY AND CPU HOG, and is probably best left off lower end phones like this one, unless you only have a few apps installed (maybe 15 or less, rooted or not...). Not even a few of the largest games and apps I have installed have created serious memory issues as facebook has (even the free ones with banner ads)! To get around this problem, I have email updates activated for the social media sites I use, and then view them from the Gmail app. Uses less memory, and I get the updates I want frequently enough while I'm awake. I then created links to the sites as bookmarks on my home screen, so I view them from a browser. facebook has most of its functions on the mobile site anyway, so I don't miss the app much. Still not suffering from FOMO, haha!At least tc electronic's TonePrint app actually works with this phone. I use that with my BG250 bass amp to change effects between songs. :)update Nov. 18 (typed from Event): The phone is as solid as ever. In love with the spell check! I'm thinking of putting a full featured program that will let me hack code on it. Ah, the advantages of rooting + Link2SD! =) All on a phone that cost me $55 (including accessories).Update Dec. 3: I've had the phone for a full 2 months. Since I rooted it after 2 weeks of purchase, the phone has performed well and very rarely rebooted itself. I have applied one tweak, and that is to improve WiFi response. I use an app called Andromizer, and increased the WiFi Interval scan to 300 milliseconds (0.3 seconds). It's long enough to improve reception, but short enough to help keep battery use down when idle. The WiFi automatically cuts off and switches to 3g (or phone service only if you don't use 3g) after about 5-6 minutes if nothing is being downloaded in the background.There isn't much that can be done with this phone if you want to tweak it further without bricking it. It may be possible to get a faster launcher if you want, but that's about the only other thing I can recommend if you want to tweak.To sum it up, IMHO if you root you need:1. superuser app2. Link2SD app3. /system/lib/egl/egl.cfg tweak (leave adreno200 line uncommented, add # to other lines)4. increase wifi signal to 300 milliseconds (you can use longer values, Andromizer limits this to 300ms, which seems to work fine for me)5. change launcher to something more lightweight or one you likeOtherwise if you don't root, freeze the bloatware that can be frozen (or don't want to use), and limit the number of apps to around 20. If you choose to use twitter, facebook and other apps that need to run in the background, get a cache clearing app that can clear cache automatically at least twice a day to reduce the chance of random reboots.UPDATE DEC. 10, 2013:I am still using Andromizer for implementing some phone tweaks. In addition to the 300ms tweak for WiFi, I've also enabled the 3G/4G tweak at the highest setting to speed up 3G internet. As long as there's enough signal, it really works! Great for when you can't get a decent WiFi signal. Keep an eye on that 2.5 GB throttling limit with Minutes Checker. Also, I used the One Click optimization setting. I unchecked the remove debug logger, and kernel tweak settings. IT IS IMPORTANT TO MAKE SURE THAT KERNEL TWEAK (OR ANY OTHER KERNEL TWEAKS) STAYS UNCHECKED FOR THIS PHONE, if you use One Click optimization! If you leave that checked and then reboot, your phone is as good as dead. It will boot loop until the insects take over the Earth... ;)I have also added an app called Greenify. This activates the hibernate function of the Android OS that is only available to rooted phones. I wish I didn't have to root the phone for that, but worth it if you can. Greenify can be used to select apps that should hibernate when the phone is idle. The benefits come in handy when the phone is unplugged, and not charging. This will help save some battery, and reduce unwanted activity in the background. All of that helps reduce unexpected overheating, which seems to be a problem with many low end Android devices.With the tweaks I put on this phone, I've been able to reinstall a few social media apps I stayed away from, due to memory issues. I put back the official apps of facebook, twitter, Google+, and ELJay, an app for LiveJournal and other sites that use LJ's software.UPDATE 2/26/2014I've since dropped Greenify. I found that it bogs down the phone when used with some streaming music apps (Pandora, TuneIn, etc). I have also "debloated" my phone. Read more about this here: [...] BACKUP EVERYTHING FIRST before debloating. You may want to reuse some of the apps at a later date, or reinstall them before unrooting and reselling the phone.UPDATE 4/28/2014I've now relegated this phone to backup status, as I use a rooted LG Optimus F3 as my daily driver. Still, I've managed a few tweaks to this phone that still make it useful. If you're still in the market for a cheap phone for primary or backup use, this can still fit the bill if your expectations are modest. The updated version of Link2SD now allows data to be moved to the /data/sdext partition. Initially, I did try to move my data to the sdext partition, but it seemed to slow down some programs for me, so after two days, I moved data back to internal. If you don't mind it, moving data out of internal can further increase space for new programs. Just remember to back up your SD card, repartition it from a PC, then enlarge sdext (I recommend 2 GB, but you can go bigger than that).I also installed an app called GL2SD. It moves obb (opaque binary blobs) files to your SD card's main FAT32 partition. This is great for installing some large games that would otherwise be out of reach for a phone like this. As with all object linking apps for Android, the device must be rooted. I tried one game (so far) with this linker installed. It's a first person shooter game called Dead Trigger. Unrooted, one would have a hard time even putting a large game on a phone like this. But with Link2SD and GL2SD working together, it runs... and quite well for a 1 GHz single core CPU phone! The game does slow down a bit in high intensity scenes, but it's otherwise playable. :) So there ya go... if you're on a budget and willing to root, you can run some hefty programs on this phone! And be a member of androidforums.com. I'm listed there as daffyducknj. If you're lucky I might be able to help you out, or some other person will.

Large keys, screens, and font choices, plus bright displays, makes this phone very user friendly.  I only have my phone for emergency contacts, so don't need a smart phone.  This little gem is perfect.  I'm very happy with my choice and recommend it to anyone who can't see, or is over age 60, whichever comes first.

Hi ,I am a pre paid phone junkie.I have used several phones over the years with different family members.This phone thus far is a great find. its price was a steel Amazon had or has it on sale for a short time but even if you pay say the 79.99 its worth the buy.I have only one quark that was voice mail so I have just loaded the offer to upgrade (for free) the voice mail system and I will get back to you on that.The phone is doing all that I wanted it to and more.Yes as others said .Im on the 55 dollar a mo pay monthly because im not the text person as much as a talker so I am paying double the amount I was on a very basic Metro phone but I tossed that phone aside and now have all the great features of a android phone.My family member has Virgin Mobile as well with the iphone4 they say oh my phone doesnt have speak for texting but friends this phone has it ,I am very pleased to say Great phone -no matter how much you do or dont pay .The great thing is this is not going to cost you to much to buy and enjoy! Female Buyer ...

Like this phone looks great but have a question do it comes with free text talk time or do u have to buy it if so what card would u buy forr it

this phone gets very slow, once too many apps installed sadly, i want a refund, and this is not what i expected

This phone is a peice of junk. The first one I purchased completely broke down. I called Virgin Mobile and they helped all they could but  ended up sending me a new phone of the same model. I've had this phone for 4 months and it's just been awful. Constant app crashes, dropped calls, I have to restart it several times a day. It got even worse after the Kyocera firmware update now I cannot use the google play store. In fact whenever I access like, half my apps a pop up comes up every minute that says Unfortunately Google Play Store has stopped making using the app impossible. Don't buy this phone save some money and buy an LG or Samsung this phone isn't worth it.

great for the price, but it turns off on its own sometimes, and freezes up easy. but overall its a good deal for how much you are paying

Well unfortunately im wanting to return it...umm the screen was to small for me ,the qaulity of a pict. U would take wth it was poor,and the last thing i dont care about the phn is memory internal wasnt up to my day to day life..so im sorry i cant say that i like it and ready to return it. I dnt use it and didnt hook it up..

When I first got this phone it was great, who couldn't love a smartphone that costs less then 50 dollars? Long story short, after two weeks of use the updates and all of the unnecessary add-ons that come with the phone bog the software down so much that the phone sometimes will not even come on, I have to take that battery out of the phone to reset it just to get it to come back on, I wanted so badly to love this phone but it simply can not be done, the phone is terrible and not even worth 50 dollars.

It does what I need. Makes calls, texts and browses just as well as any other small phone. The battery could last a little longer but for what I use it for, it is great. Thank you.

I just got this phone last Tuesday and so far i've been loving it...especially compared to the virgin mobile samsung intercept that i had before. the only problems that i have with this phone is that it freezes up for no reason sometimes and when i delete pics off of my phone, they'll delete for a little while and then reappear. but for the most part, im loving the phone, especially the space, and the overall function of the phone.

This is the WORST PHONE I have ever held in my hand. Period! totally sucks! I would rather use to tin cans together.....

I wanted a basic android phone for a cheap price. This more than meets the bill. It works well and is pretty responsive most of the time. There is an occasional glitch, but at this price it is completely acceptable.

Do not buy this phone. It worked for 2 days and hasn't really worked since. Very disappointing to my child. It was her first phone. I am replacing it with a Samsung Reverb. Will be asking for a refund.

this is a cute cell for anyone not super &#34;sheldon'ish&#34; lol...it covers all the basis for me and since I am no super techy it works great.....its no iphone...but its great (not into the &#34;i&#34; madness) the video speed is perfect....great color ...for games its a goody as well...2 thumbs up

this phone fells great in your hands and is super light i love this phone. the connection is super fast and has no lag at all i recommend this phone to any person who wants a cheap android 4.0 phone. this phone has 3.2 camera with flash GREAT PHONE

no the phone freezes alot and doesnt operate correctly. should have bought a different phone.just a waste of my money.

Man, i feel totally ripped off after buying this phone. I almost just went ahead and threw it into the ocean...i still might. Waste of money. If you have had a good phone before you WILL be veeeery disappointed with this one.

As a Virgin Mobile customer, I am spoiled with low monthly bills and inexpensive phones.  Therefore, I never felt the need to have a touch screen, iPod, 3g/4G or whatever.  Basically, I am technologically ignorant and did not know the first thing about these types of phones.  One day, on Amazon, I saw the Kyocera Event (for Virgin Mobile) on sale.  I loved the price and tried it out.  I am very satisfied.  It came in the original wrappings within the delivery timeframe.  The phone is easy to use, easy to learn and a joy for a first-time user of a touch screen phone - at least for this 50+ year old!  The only downfall:  I have been having issues with the sound when the speaker phone is used. I will take it to a Virgin Mobile store to see if it can be corrected.  If not - what a disappointment that would be.  But, otherwise - no complaints.  Thanks Amazon!

I purchased this phone for my son 35 days after having the phone it just stop working properly.it just charped all night.when I called to see what could be done.i was in formed I had 30 days to report.but the young man was very kind an arranged for me to return.and get a refund.that you get 5 stars

its a good phone ...thank youi appreciate the help, once again thank you. i hope that this helps in any way

Well i got it about 4 hours ago n i love it so far just hopingg it stays this wayyy !!

I just received this phone in the cool red color. I bought it for 33 dollars when it was originally 80. I was using a cheap go phone for 7 months. After us cellular got bought by sprint. I lost the use of my lg splendor which is now used as my mp3 player. The Alcatel go phone was good but I didn't like at&ts; plan. I like to touch text. Keyboards are not as great for texting. So this was my main reason for this phone to be able to touch text like my lg splendor.For me after only using this phone for a little bit I can tell it will browse the net at slower 3g speeds. But it loads up so that's good for 33 dollars. This phone reminds me of my Samsung exhibit when I once had t mobile.If you are looking to play games on the event and browse like crazy it won't move fast like a dual core Its a single core processor. Pictures are kinda bad. So if that's a major deal for you. I'm sorry this won't be your phone. Get the s3 or s4. Otherwise if you are just looking for a smartphone that is reliable that fits in your pocket well this is your phone. I recomend a screen protector not gorrila glass. And a nice case for protection. Its a very light phone and might not hold up when dropped.WiFi works great. I have not experienced freezing yet like other reviews. I believe people try to push this phone like an s3 and its no where near it in hardware. Just take it easy on it and it won't freeze that muchFor 33 bucs....you get ice cream sandwich. A functional phone with a pretty good touch screen. Running with sprint who since buying us cellular have seriously upgraded there coverage. 35 dollar monthly plan. Unlimited text and data. Easy to set up takes 5 min on VMS site.If it continues to run smooth its a 5 star steal for the price.

This is an okay phone for the price. It's a little slow but didn't find anything that wouldn't run on it.

I was surprised at the phone. It was a good value for what I received. I would recommend this to anyone.

I first purchased this phone about 6 months ago for my oldest daughter and at that time I paid around 60 bucks. The phone is awesome and does exactly what it needs to do. In fact I loved the phone so much that I have purchased it as a Christmas gift for my other daughter. I don't have any negatives about the phone or services we have been using Virgin Mobile for 2 yrs now and they haven't failed us yet. To those that has such negativity about the phone you can't expect a $50 phone to act or run like a $300 phone!

This is a decent little phone that I bought for a great price around Black Friday.  I bought it for my 4yo son to play with (Angry Birds, taking pictures, watching movies, etc), and it's great for that.  The only huge disadvantage is that it's difficult and risky to root this phone, and there are no custom roms or software upgrades available because the bootloader is locked tight.  Kyocera will not release access, because it is against their agreements with the service providers.  In other words, if you don't want to do anything other than use it as shipped and get apps from Google Play, it's perfect.  If you enjoy tinkering with your phone, this is not for you.

for a mid range phone it does what it is ment to do texting youtube ect battery life is alright 6-8 hour modern use

An old school flip phone would be better than this thing!! Sure, it's cheap, but as the saying goes: &#34;You get what you pay for&#34; and apparently when you pay $40 for this POS, you're getting a phone that: doesn't run apps properly (won't open them, closes for no reason, etc.), has garbage reception, turns off sporadically without warning, can't run more than one thing at a time (don't try to be on the phone and use navigation or it will freeze), it freezes all the time... the list goes on and on and on. The ONLY reason I purchased this phone was because I was in a tight financial spot and needed a phone. When I get a few more dollars in my pocket, please BELIEVE I will be ditching the ENTIRE Kyocera brand and will NEVER EVER EVER BUY FROM THEM AGAIN!

A quality of this item is above my expectation and the item is extremely good, I love it, its very excited to use and excellent browsespeed, its very nice.

The phone and pricing is great! Love the features from the phone! Sometimes the phone does turn off if the battery moves around which results in the phone needing to be plugged into the charger to start up again. Battery doesn't last long, either. For the most part, however, the phone is great!

I love it very much because ive bought more priced phones and they cannot compare to this phone. Its very responsive, fast, you can play candy crush in it and its a very good size :) very pleased

I chose this phone after reading many many reviews and comparisons between smart phones (not high level ones). I didn't need the fanciest newest thing on the market by any means. I wanted something affordable and pretty well-liked by users. This phone met that criteria, but I am frustrated with it daily, and I've only had it for a month.One annoyance: there is no way to distinguish the tone for notifications of email versus text message. I don't need to check my email urgently, whereas I want to check texts right away. I also cannot assign specific tones to texts from specific people. All are one. You can do this with ringtones for calls, but I get more texts than calls.Another problem is that the screen isn't very sensitive to touch. Probably ok for most first smartphone users, but you will be greatly disappointed if you have had interaction with someone's iPhone or high end droid phone.The pre-loaded apps and functions are unnecessary and irritating. Specifically "mobile ID". You can't uninstall it.I haven't decided if the price is worth the annoyances. I know I wouldn't have purchased this after trying it. Oh well.Updated September 25, 2013:I have owned this phone for five months now. I hate it. My husband hates it too. Our biggest problem with it is that you can't even  make calls with consistency. My phone will cut off at about the 7 minute mark. I can still hear the call, but the other person cannot hear me. Every time. Suuuuuuuuuper annoying. And when I hang up and try to call back, there is a window of about 2 minutes where I cannot connect to them. Even if the other person is not calling me back, just waiting, I cannot connect with them until our cut-off conversation has like cleared the system or something. Whatever. It sucks.The phone randomly restarts itself multiple times a day. I don't know why or what triggers it, but I will hear my start up music a few times a day. And the battery now gets totally drained before I get home from work. 8 hours battery life for stand by?!? Yup. Apparently it just declines in performance overall fast.I you insist on this phone, be prepared to replace it in a few months.

I purchased this phone for my son. And not only does it deliver, but also came early . Which was a plus with my youngest son. He's enjoying it. I also got this phone for a steal.

Full Video Review here: [...]This device is a great budget device for Virgin Mobile as long as your not getting it for the camera.The phone is not a monster in performance only having a 1GHz processor 512MB of RAM.  Despite this the phone does its job quite well.  I found through usage of the device when calling, texting, web browsing, or loading up different applications I never had any problem with the phone lagging or force closing due to lack of performance.  Of course this device lags when running graphically intensive games such as Temple Run 2.The Event has a 3.5" screen which is the same size as the iPhone 4 and 4S.  This may seem small compared to larger mainstream phones such as the Samsung Galaxy S3 but I found that the screen was just fine for talking, texting and tapping away at various apps.  This device also comes with Swype if you prefer to use it.  In my experience Swype has never personally worked well for me.  That being said that depends on each individual what they think of the Swype keyboard.  You can always change to the default Android keyboard or another third-party keyboard from the Google Play Store.Battery life is great with this device.  With light usage I was able to squeeze 2 days out of the battery!  With heavier usage I was able to make it through the day without any problems.  The device also has a built-in Eco Mode to save power when you need to.This device also has a handy notification LED to let you know when you miss a call or receive a text message.The camera is terrible on this phone.  That's the only way to describe it.  They didn't add autofocus to this device which makes the quality of the 3.2MP camera mediocre at best.  Don't get this device if you heavily rely on your phones camera.Overall this is a great budget Android handset for Virgin Mobile and if it suits your needs it will be a good choice for a phone on Virgin Mobile.

I am so disappointed in this phone!  I switched to Virgin Mobile because their prepaid data plan was a LOT cheaper than what I had with AT&T and my beloved iPhone.  The service is fine in my area, but it doesn't matter because my phone is pretty worthless.  The phone turns itself on and off at random, over and over again, either for hours at a time (while I'm at work and not looking), or until you take the battery out.  Even when I take the battery out and attempt to restart it, it will reboot at least 5 or 6 times in a row before it settles down so I can actually use it.  Most apps seem to make it angry, and it will either restart or just refuse to open the app.  Often when I'm in the middle of a text or call, the phone will decide to shut down and restart.  The problem is with the software, and there is NO WAY to fix it.  I've been putting my boyfriend's phone number on job applications because I'd be so embarrassed to have a potential employer call me when my phone restarts as soon as I answer it.  I'm in my last semester of college and I can't afford a new one right away, so I am making do the best I can with this thing, but as soon as I can set aside a few bucks, I'm getting a completely different phone!

never buy this phone again downloads stuff you donot want, power cycles all the time, battery doesnt last . will buy something else next time

I have now had this phone for 4 days maybe and I am having to charge it ever 2 hours or so. it will not stay charged...I charge it to the 100% and then unplug and within 2 hours its dead and shuts off. Ive had this phone before and I can do a 6 mile walk listening to pandora(takes me 4 hours as its a nice break from the kids :) ) and i still will have battery left but this new phone wont even last me 3 miles!

You get what you pay for, its hard to text on it but its a phone, it looks nice and it works. for the price you cannot beat it.

I bought two of these phones from Radio Shack for my daughters.  Both phones started freezing within a month of purchase.  Now they freeze constantly - can't text, can't call, can't do anything without it freezing.  Won't even re-start.  Have to take out the battery to get it to turn off.  Contacted virgin mobile and waiting to hear back.  I might have thought it was a fluke with one phone, but not with two. This phone has issues.

this phone sucks I will never order again will not keep charge and turns its self off and on whenever it wants never get textes or phone calls

As great as the concept of an affordable entry-level no-contract smartphone for $70 is, the Event is not worth its weight in plastic.I bought the phone as a gift for my 16-year old sister; it was her first smartphone, and it seemed like a decent choice. I myself had experience with Virgin Mobile (I've owned the HTC EVO V and the Samsung Galaxy S3 on Virgin Mobiles contracts), and figured that VM would be an excellent choice for her. Although I originally intended to buy her the HTC One V, I ended up buying her the Kyocera Event (as the One V and the similarly-priced LG Optimus Elite were both sold-out on VM and Amazon). I figured it would be a decent little entry-level phone.The Event, physically-speaking, is a decent little phone. Slightly smaller then your average phone, it features a decent-looking solid plastic body that fits comfortably in your hand. The plastic body is surprisingly solid, and the plastic screen is very responsive (despite the fact that it looks rather poor). The buttons are solid and don't seem to have an issues with sticking or jamming. As far as performance, the phone is slow compared to higher-tiered phones like the EVO, but thats not really a problem unless you want to game or surf the web on it. All in all, the Event is well built for a low-price smartphone.Software, however, is where the Event falls. Heck, it just plain fails. The Event runs a version of Android that has literally been perforated with Kyocera and third-party applications (you think Samsungs devices have a lot of bloatware? check this thing out. its practically "ad-supported"), and there are no way to get rid of them. The applications include a third-party "music" bar, an Eco mode, and some kind of program that tracks the processors performance. These applications are irritating and slow the phone down.The primary software issue with the Event comes in the phones start-up sequence; for some reason, at some point, the Event is prone to actually "losing" its own bootloader. The bootloader is the program that tells the phone how to start up. When the bootloader stops working, the phone gets stuck in a boot-loop, and will either endlessly restart itself over and over again, or will freeze on the red "Virgin Mobile" screen. This renders the phone entirely useless and nonresponsive, and the only way to turn the phone off when it freezes is to remove the battery pack. Upon replacing the battery, the phone will automatically restart and get stuck in the boot-loop once again. There is no fix for this error. It can be temporarily solved by doing a master reset of the phone, but after a full reset the phone will start boot-looping again at some point (usually within a few hours, I got my sisters to last a few days once).Unfortunately, Kyocera has not released any kind of fix for this bootloop problem, nor have they released an unlock for the bootloader to allow customers to attempt to fix the problem themselves. In addition, Virgin Mobile will NOT allow you to make use of the included product warranty that comes when you buy the phone; when you attempt to return the phone for repair or replacement, they will prompt you to pay for the next month of service on the phone (the $50 plan only) to "insure" that you plan to stay with them before they service the phone. This $50 is literally the price of just buying a new phone; in addition, the moment you pay the $50, your service plan begins ticking. Virgin will then ship you a box to return the phone (takes about a week). You can mail the phone back (another week), at which point it takes them 2-3 weeks to service the device. Thus, at this point, you will have spent and wasted $50 on a month of cell service you have not been able to use. In the event that the maintenance takes longer then a month to complete, Virgin Mobile will call you and inform you that you must renew your contract a second time for them to continue maintinance on your phone, otherwise they will not return your handset to you. So, you get stuck paying $50-$100 to have a $70 phone repaired/replaced, when it should have been entirely free. When I attempted to contract Virgin Mobile, I informed them that the warrenty included with the phone stated nothing about these service charges; they then told me that the warrenty was in violation of VMs terms of service. I asked why VM was in the habit of printing warranties that violated their own terms, and they hung up on me.So. Long story short, save yourself the money and buy a more expensive Virgin Mobile phone. The HTC One V and the HTC EVO V are both great phones (HTC phones are generally decent for the price, far better then dissapointing Kyocera handsets); Samsung models are also great options. Please don't take the risk and buy the Event hoping you won't get a boot-loop; of the 9 people I know who have owned the Event, 8 of their handsets have gotten stuck in a boot-loop, and all 8 have been unable to have the handsets fixed by Virgin Mobile due to the above problem. Avoid the Kyocera Rise and Echo as well; they run the same firmware as the Event, and are prone to the same problem.

The Kyocera Event makes smart phone technology accessible to folks who might not be able to afford a Samsung S4 or latest iPhone.It has its limitations and problems, but, as a low-end, affordable smart phone, i am giving it 5 stars.Pros:Good performance for the price.  As long is it is not over-loaded with apps, this phone performs just fine.If it breaks or is damaged, the problem is solved with $40! (just buy a new one)Cons:Due to limited memory, it is not a good idea to install lots of apps on this phone.The camera is not the best - if you are looking for a phone with a good camera, this is not it.Can be glitchy when near capacity.  This means random re-boots, freezes, and slowness.  I recommend doing a factory reset on this phone if you experience glitches.  I just do a factory reset every month.This phone has a low-resolution display - this should not be a surprise, it is clearly stated in the specs.

Having this phone is only slightly better than not having a phone at all. But hey, it's cheap. Time for an upgrade.

6/2/2013: While I rather have an iPhone, but there's no budget for me right now. This phone is similar to ipod to me, only I can get internet anywhere I go. It functions well and can be a bit slow sometimes. Other than that, I like sliding letter to letter to form a word. It's much better than pressing each letter just to spell the word out.It did freeze on me a few times, but easy to take care of it by just taking the battery out and putting it back in. Everything is back to normal without losing any memories.To make a phone call is easy and simple, sometimes I have to be patience for connecting the call and ringing, but not much to worry.The battery life is up to four to eight hours and that's enough for me, unless I need to rely on it all day and have to charge it for two hours at the most for a full charge. It takes about 20% off if kept on all night.The pictures it takes wonderful, but does drain the battery if being used for more than 10 minutes or so.None the less, I am content about it and satisfied enough and the plan is affordable for this phone. It's worth it for me.

Although I appreciate the price and stock android, this phone has generally caused nothing but headaches for me.Frequent dropped calls, extreme lag, random reboots, frequently bad reception, slow, locked bootloader...the list continues and frankly I don't understand why this phone has so many good reviews. I don't have unreasonable expectations for tech but I do require a lot from my devices and this phone has consistently let me down and put me into bad situations where it freezes exactly when I need to call someone sooner than yesterday.I would not buy this or any kyocera product, go for the Optimus Elite or an older generation phone. This things is a headache.

sorry  peiece of crap dont like it dont buy it. just aint the best phone out there sorry. not good at all

I've had mine for less than a year and it's borderline unusable.  Browser constantly crashes,  phone calls cannot be answered at times, spontaneous reboots, poor call quality, poor wifi/data speeds,  etc . Even at $30.00 it's just not worth it.

Yours faithfully I am writing to comment that this product I can not use in my country and that is not shick I wonder if there is a possibility to change it to one that is of shic and I can use here in Venezuela thanks

I love it but have to return it because Assurance Wireless, who told me I could replace my phone with ANY Virgin Mobile phone, NOW tells me it can't be an android unless I pay double per month what I currently pay. I just cannot afford that! I really love this phone though!! Sure wish I could use it!!

I bought two of these phones for my teenage daughters.  Both phones were not working well from the very beginning.  They would turn on and off at random.  I contacted Virgin Mobile who graciously replaced the phones.  Those phones didn't work either.  Virgin Mobile sent replacements for my daughters two more times.  So, in all had 8 of these phones and none of them worked properly.  Virgin Mobile even offered to replace them again but at this point I gave up on the phones and called it a lost!  I was impressed with Virgin Mobile for replacing and trying so many times especially since I didn't buy the phone thru them.  However, would never buy a Virgin Mobile phone.

Virgin service was horrible phone never worked correctly. Canceled my prepaid plan Virgin Mobile kept all my money for 3 days of no service, will never go with Virgin Mobile again. Phone could not call out or stay connected no matter the area I was in.

When I got this phone I wasnt expecting much. Its a prepaid phone and cheap,  and with the economy these days its what I can afford, so I bought it.  When I got it and set it up and starting playing with it I started to like it. I was so surprised that you can get a nice phone even on a budget. You cant judge a book by its cover. Anyway, the only problem I have with this phone is the battery life. I constantly have to charge it and Ive realize it dies even if Im not using it. I have to charge it like 4 times a day ( well if youre a heavy user like me ) . Besides that, this phone is great and if youre debating on buying it just do it!

for 35$ its a great phone. however as soon as i got it it started glitching here and there. the memory card spot is in a weird spot by the battery. you have to slide it in this little metal case and snap it in. overal for as cheap as this phone is id take it any day!

Felt very cheaply built.  Battery life was dismal, maybe 5 hours with little use.  Issues connecting to internet.  Just before I decided to send it back, the screen stated going black and took a few seconds to get it to respond again.  Only had for 2 weeks before sending back.Would not recommend Virgin Mobile or this phone.  Nice customer service, but don't know how to do anything but work off scripts.

I bought this phone because I wanted a smartphone & at the time needed it to be cheap. Boy did I get what I paid for. I DO NOT reccomend this phone. I have had it freeze up at least once a day where I have to take the battery out to get it to turn back on. I'm gonna assume that this happens cuz the battery gets so hot. Battery charge doesn't last long either. Reception is terrible, dropped calls, & peoples voices sound like they're talking in a tin can-totally garbled.

Perhaps it's because of the updates that have been released to the apps and core firmware since the phone's release, but this thing is chugging only a few months after I got it. Basic functions like maps and navigation crash all the time and I often have to restart the phone to get 3rd party software working. I've uninstalled as much unnecessary material as I could and moved every app possible to the SD card. Even when freshly started, so no apps are eating the memory in the background, maps will often run slow or not at all.I like the phone, but I'm hard pressed to recommend it and a little annoyed.

I have owned a lot of android devices and this one is the biggest piece of excrement to ever make it to the android platform, it constantly freezes, the wifi works when it feels like it and will not stay off even if turned off in the settings, which kills its already poor battery life, it constantly restarts by itself and all in all is useless, take out from an experienced android user, stay away from this piece of garbage, if you buy it you will regret it.

This is probably the worst &#34;smart&#34; phone on the market right now. I cannot get it to even turn on and when it does decide to turn on it works for about 10 minutes and then shuts it's self off. 1 star. Do not buy.

I ordered this phone for my 14 year old daughter. She wanted to text and I thought, hey a cheap phone, why not? It died 31 days after I gave it to her. 1 day beyond the warranty with Virgin Mobile. Seriously, 1 stupid day and I had to buy a new phone for her. I'm beyond frustrated. The phone just froze one day. I tried to do a hard reset, but that didn't work, nothing did. Either it gets stuck on the red virgin mobile screen, or continuously restarts itself, to where you have to take the battery out, because the start up sound is so annoying. I'm hoping the replacement phone I bought her works out better. Not worth the purchase, at all.

So the reason for buying the phone is because it was cheap so I understand you get what you pay for and this phone is a prime example of that saying. I've had it since February and as of the middle of March it started giving me problems. Such as:- Charges quickly but dies twice as fast- Freezes for minutes at a time, even without multiple applications or programs simultaneously running.- Deletes pictures-Turns off/restarts in the middle of using GPS (I've gotten lost plenty of times because of it)- Piss poor call quality, calls sound broken and then drop- I receive voicemails with no indication that person called me to begin with- Text messages are delayed, if they are received/sent at all.- TO BOOT, I SIGNED UP WITH VIRGIN MOBILE, AND THEY ARE HORRIBLE. THE WEBSITES MAKES IT IMPOSSIBLE TO PAY MY BILL * CUSTOMER SERVICE IS PRACTICALLY NON EXISTENT, YOU HAVE TO PRESS THE PROMPT FOR TECH SUPPORT TO SPEAK TO ANYONE * THEIR PAYMENT SYSTEM REJECTED MY PAYMENT THE FIRST TIME BUT THEN SHORTLY AFTER THE REJECTION THEY TOOK MY PAYMENT TWICE SO NOW I HAVE TO PAY MY BILL THROUGH A STORE VENDOR * AND EVEN WITH ALL THIS HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE THEY GIVE NO GRACE PERIOD WHEN THE BILL IS DUE, SO IF YOU HAVE AN ISSUE MAKING PAYMENT (AND YOU WILL) THEY WILL CUT YOUR PHONE OFF AT MIDNIGHT.***BOTTOM LINE...DON'T DO IT. YOU'DE BE BETTER OFF SENDING SMOKE SIGNALS AND CALLER BIRDS AS A FORM OF COMMUNICATION***

The phone turns off automatically, and won't turn back on unless you plug it in. It doesn't even turn back on even if you take the battery out and put it back in.

bought this from Kmart thinking it would be a good deal. the first event I brought home was a complete joke. It froze up and I had to take the battery out on a regular basis. it would get frozen in calling mode all the time, and I had to jank the battery out to end calls. It would drop calls right in the middle of a conversation and the screen would go black.  Finally it got so bad I just took it back for a replacement. Unfortunately the replacement phone was a complete lemon too. Could not get through one game of Angry Birds before the phone completely froze. I have an iPhone 3 which is far superior to event in ever way. I'm saving my money so I can buy a regular HTC EVO. My advice? Save yourself a big headache. The Kyocera Event is a good phone to stay away from.

I have the go phone plan for this phone and bought it for $70 at radioshack. It was my first smartphone so naturally I was excited to use it and it worked great the first 3 or 4 months but after that it became slow when I used any app or activity. The phone and text messaging feature is considered an app itself so sometimes when I need to make a call it'll be "unavailable" so I'll have to wait a few minutes for it to load, which is fine if you're a patient person but in times of emergency it could be unreliable. You also are stuck with a loud shutter sound in the camera and this can only be disabled if you download a "silent camera" app which usually offers low quality cameras with virtually no features. The google music player it comes with is unresponsive and more recently has been taking roughly a minute to pause, play or skip a track, meaning you'll think your music player has paused a song but give it a minute and it'll start playing it at the volume you left it in, which is just a pain to deal with. I've had this phone for almost a year now and have dropped it here and there, not anything out of the ordinary but that's something to keep in mind. I guess if you can hold on to your s*** then it'll function better for you, otherwise it becomes cumbersome after a year. There's a lot of compromise to be made with this phone unless you have the patience for it.

without using the phone, it is dead before the end of a regular work day.  The service from Virgin sucks, constantly have no connection, extremely slow internet or dropped calls.  The service has nothing to do with the phone, but since the phone only runs on Virgin, it is an important detail.  I was using this and kept my regular phone at the same time so I could compare them and see if I was able to get by using the phone operating on the Sprint network.  Unfortunately, Sprint is no better today than it was 10 years ago.

This review is about the get real. I hate this phone. I hope that my deep hatred for it will burst off the pages and forever be etched into your brain. I am truly being honest with you when I tell you that after switching to another provider and phone, I will definitely soak this phone in lighter fluid and send back to Hell. Like real talk.So a little background. I purchased this phone after an unfortunate mishap with my previous Virgin Mobile phone, my beloved HTC EVO 4G (which I actually loved and would recommend to anyone who insists on going the Virgin route). I bought this phone as a replacement for a few reasons; price, Android 4.0 ICS, VM's Beyond Talk Plan at $35 a month. Now this phone doesn't have the same specs but I wasn't expecting it to. This phone sounded good for someone with not a lot of money to throw around for an iPhones or Samsung Galaxy. Well, if you look at from the perspective of someone who just came from a basic phone to a smartphone, then yeah, it's a great deal. Maybe my experience with the HTC EVO 4G skewed my perception a bit, but I still feel I'm not being too harsh about it and am judging the phone based solely upon itself.1 - Why is the home button so close to the space button? It frequently closes when I'm typing and just irritates me because if it was just moved down a little it wouldn't be an issue. Guess what. It is an issue. The thing has a lot of real estate to move that button down but for whatever reason they decided to move it so high up they might have well as put it above the entire screen. Like honestly, that would have made more sense.2 - Why can't I erase anything from the Gallery? Now I know what you're thinking. I must be an idiot to not know how to erase pictures. No. Other people on the web have had this same issue. I've even gone into every single folder on the sd card to make sure I'm deleting all traces of a picture but it fails to work. I even started thinking maybe it's syncing online but no. I have no idea how to fix this issue except to not use an SD card, which isn't that bad of an idea because the camera sucks anyway.3 - Why do I not get reception in areas I used to with the same service provider on an older phone? I've had Virgin Mobile for 4 years and I always got excellent reception. I get voice mails all the time of people asking me why I never pick up my phone. Simple; it never rings. I know people call when I get their voice mails.4 - Why does the browser shake as I scroll down? It acts like I'm in an earthquake when I'm scrolling down Google results. Which ironically leads me to...5 - Why is the vibration so weak? There have been countless times that I have put this phone in my pocket on vibrate and I don't feel it when I get a text.6 - Why does the battery often drain at an incredibly faster pace on random days? Like on any random day it might drop to 0% mid morning for no apparent reason. I'm not using any apps that would be able to explain such a battery drain and if I did it would make sense it would be consistent. My theory is that on those days it is scrambling to try to find signal which would drain the battery.7 - Why is Virgin Mobile making me pay for phone insurance when I never asked for it? Straight up. I declined it but I still get the you owe $40 this month text. NO I DON'T BRO. Why would I get insurance for a $50 phone? I would just cut my losses and buy another one. In two years I would have spent enough insurance to buy the phone twice over.I am definitely switching from Virgin Mobile. Maybe this phone has better reception in Hell, because that's where it belongs.

my daughter loves it.. she goes thru alot of phones. so for forty bucks you just cant lose with a deal like this

This is a great phone for the price.  Use it for calls, text messages, Facebook and to listen to music.  Also have used the camera and the pictures came out good.Phone does lag a little and the battery wears out pretty quickly.  But the price makes the phone well worth it especially with the pre-paid plan ($26.56 a month) I have.

Horrible phone. Worked great for about 6 months before randomly rebooting/shutting itself off at inopportune times (like when I'm driving and relying on the GPS app to get me somewhere I've never driven before). I can't count how many times I've had to pull over somewhere to restart my phone and re-enter addresses into Google Maps because I didn't know where the hell I was going.It also gets really hot in my pocket for no apparent reason. Now it's a crapshoot, whether or not the actual PHONE feature will respond when I'm trying to call out. It freezes up when I try to make/answer a call. I hope I don't have any emergencies before I replace this phone, or else I'm screwed. Spend a little more and save on having to replace before the year is up. You'll thank me.Overall, I've generously given it 2 stars instead of just one, because it has nice features and (in the beginning) you can do a lot with it. I was admittedly wowed by all the data gadgetry, since this was my first android phone. The problem is, the most important features become so buggy and laggy that it eventually renders it all useless. What good is a phone that freezes when you need to make a call?

Got this phone last week and I'm very impressed so far. Paid $39.99 at Target. It runs smoothly and pretty fast. I like it almost as much as my Samsung Galaxy S3, which froze all the time. This one doesn't. It'll work until I get an S4 one day. Great phone for the price. Pandora and Grooveshark apps let me listen to music without interuption. Get a good signal anywhere I go with Virgin Mobile who uses Sprints network.

For the price it's a great android phone. But it slows down when too many apps are using it. And it only allows a small number of apps to be moved to the sd card. That leaves little space on the phone. As a starter phone, it's a good value

i do not like this phone, it broke down and i still do not know why.i does not even turn on,it keeps saying cannot load music.....

Within the first week, my phone got stuck in a re-boot loop--currently waiting to hear back from Kyocera support.From day one, it would freeze up and reboot 1-2 times a day.The screen is not very responsive, and web browsing is a slog. Text is blurry and difficult to read.This phone could not connect to a wifi network to save its life, good thing I have &#34;unlimited&#34; 3g :(

got this as a second phone, no frills etc. It has what you need to stay in touch.  Its alright for me.

I bought one of these phones at a local Radio Shack.  The phone is good deal and works well for the price.  I wanted to get another for my daughter.  When I called to activate this phone Virgin could not activate the number because the serial did not exist within the system.  They could not even manually activate.  I was instructed to return it and get an official Virgin Mobile phone.  Needles to say my daughter was crushed to have to wait.  he phone was full filled by Amazon itself.  I hope they check the phones to make sure they are legit

This is a decent phone for the price, but I can't get it to scan qr codes.  I'm not an expert in these things and so I'm not sure if it has something to do with the camera - it  seems to have no auto-focus capability.  Perhaps I'm doing something wrong, but if this phone can't scan qr codes that would seem to be a big problem.  Perhaps if someone has had luck doing this they could post.

I truly love my new cell phone I plan on ordering 3 more for gifts for family members very soon.

got this phone for my girlfriend for mother's day and she loves it packaged was nice and it was easy to set up word od advice though if you get the minutes on your debit or credit card i advise you to call virgin mobile will not take the payment over the computer well at least for me but would suggest this for anyone

I have had this phone for a little over a year now. I am going to upgrade, but I haven't decided if I'm going to stay with VM or not so I've been putting it off. If you enjoy getting the message, &#34;[program] isn't responding, would you like to close it?&#34; every.single.time you open the browser or an app, then this is the phone for you. This phone locks up on me and restarts at least once a day. Many times it doesn't even work as a phone. I don't have a ton of apps on it or have tried anything fancy on it. I just use it as a phone and FB and some web surfing if I feel like squinting at a tiny screen.I hate this phone more than I thought I would ever hate an inanimate object. I hate this phone so much that I took the protective case off of it because I don't think it deserves protection. I'm kind of hoping that it becomes totally destroyed and then I will be forced to get a new phone. I have a feeling of dread that this phone is going to let me down in some important, fundamental way. Maybe it will be an emergency and I won't be able to dial 911, or maybe it will be something less dramatic but still bad. I hope I get a new phone before I find out.You have been warned.

This was a gift for my spouse who needed a replacement phone FAST.  The Kyocera Event was in the right price range with the right features using the same carrier we prefer. Our minimum required features were a phone that ran Android 4.0 that had a decent camera, 3G & WiFi and plenty of capacity.  The size and shape are comfortable. We've both used it without difficulty (large, big-boned hands and small, arthritic ones), the screen is nicely responsive, the picture is excellent.  It is very sturdy & looks as if it could take a few knocks. The downside is the sound is merely adequate, not excellent, which can be bad for calls where there is poor reception.  Also, it does seem to require rebooting more frequently than other phones we've owned, but aside from that, no complaints. Valuewise, we are both satisfied with this purchase and pleased it was available when needed at the price we could afford!

I really like the phone it is a huge upgrade from the phone I had and I did not have to pay a lot for it! It came really fast as well.

When I first got the phone, I was optimistic. It worked great for the first few days, even if it was a little slow. Then the problems started. We bought two of these, and apps would randomly stop responding, battery length and voice quality are both terrible, text messages wouldn't go through or would be sent in triplicate. Now, six months later, we still have all of the above as well as a phone that reboots 10-15 times a day if not more.  There are other VM phones on Amazon for ~$20 more that I would suggest looking into before buying an Event.

Have liked Virgin phones and plans for over 10 years.  Not a tech-o-holic so this is my first Android.  Finally needed a pocket pc and this seems to be a good choice vs the megabuck phones and contracts.  Replaced landline and all those taxes and tariffs-ripoffs.  Suspect I am doomed to be tethered to a charger from now on as I can't resist surffing weather and news.  Wish Seven of Nine came with it to keep it charged. I like the size and what it came with upon activation.  The device specific features and operating system seem to be adequate for my needs, but I have yet to get flawlessly proficient w/the onscreen touch keyboard.  The larger smartphones may yet prove superior at least as far as my fumbling thumbs are concerned.  For the price I simply cannot justify anything else yet, but may be too soon to pass final judgement.

This phone is a piece of junk!&#34;!! I am so disappointed that kyocera has it on market & with virhin mobile for carrying it. The phone overheats w/o warning & the inside is warping. Just did this I have a full charge and had ben online for 30 minutes(about). I will never purchase anything made byKyocera again. My Rise only lasted 6 months. boo not rated -10

Gift for my grandson.  He's happy with his phone, so I'm happy too.  Perfect Christmas gift.  Great price, works well.

I've had this phone for several weeks now and NO problems!  LOVE it.  Web is great - haven't touched my laptop since I got the phone!  Battery life is pretty good for a Droid, though I do intend to buy a second usb cord so I can charge at work and listen to music all day.  :)  The touch screen was difficult at first... but either I got used to it, or it got used to me.  It learns new words fast, which is nice.  LOVE swype!!!  Was fully intending to buy the Optimus Elite, but opted for this after comparing reviews.  This is touch screen only, no slideout keypad... but the swype feature works VERY well.  I left the original screen protector on so far... but definitely need to buy some as it's starting to peel.  It's a bit scratched up... so I image the screen wouldn't last long without it.  Anyway... for a $60 phone... I have absolutely no regrets!UPDATE 7/18/13:  Overall, I'm still happy with the value of this phone.  HOWEVER... I've found that I do need to remove the battery quite frequently.  Seems that nearly every time I turn my wifi on, the phone locks up.  And I mean LOCKS UP.  Cant turn it off, cant move the screen.  Pop the battery out and back in (no need to wait), turn it on and it is ready to go with wifi already on.  Weird, and a hassle... but not a huge deal.  I DO NOT have this problem when turning on my data connection, just wifi.  I have NOT put a memory card in the phone... so that COULD have something to do with it (though I dont know why that would matter).  If you're big on apps, you're definitely going to need that.  I thought I wasn't big on apps... but I'm finding out there are really a lot of useful apps out there!  So... probably time to get a memory card.  :)

I recived this phone last week. I bought it off Virgin Mobile's website. This phone really suprised me. The touch screen is very responsive. Youtube runs so smoothly on it no lag or freezing. Same for facebook. All the games I play on it such as angry birds,songpop,ETC. Run great. Takes pretty good pictures not nothing amazing but still good for this phone.But what REALLY suprised me was how well and how fast netflix runs on this phone. Its super clear and runs smoothly no lag,no nothing. and the volume on this phone is LOUD. And great quality. The videos that this phone takes are also pretty good. All in all this phone is a amazing freaking deal! CHEAP and GREAT QUALITY. And you gotta love Virgin Mobile's Cheap plans! GREAT PHONE!!!!

I purchased this phone to replace a three year old LG Optimus V running Android 2.3. I had very low expectations given the bargain basement price point, and even with the bar set low, absolutely none of those expectations were met. This &#34;smart&#34; phone featured one third of the available memory of the older Optimus, a noticeably slower processor (despite promises of faster speed), an inferior camera and a complete inability to run more than one app at a time. Browser and app? Crash. Browser with more than one tab? Crash. Browser and incoming phone call? Complete crash forcing a reset. Streaming video? Not if your life depended on it.  Best of all, no matter how many times I would turn off the &#34;auto sync&#34; feature, I would find it turned back on within minutes, with any images that I'd downloaded and subsequently deleted magically restored and uploaded to a Google+ account that I didn't even know I had and certainly did not want. Way to respect my privacy, Google!  This piece of garbage is inferior to my old Optimus in every fashion imaginable save one -- it can download the apps that my old phone was blocked from downloading due to the age of its OS, which is not a compliment towards the Event, but rather a low and wretched ploy designed to force consumers into buying new phones on a regular basis. Virgin Mobile is a fine carrier, and I'll be seguing over to their Paylo service, but I'll never again so much as touch an Android product.

The phone likes to restart often. Once you delete pictures, they like to come back and you have to re delete them. It's frustrating.

QUICK SHIPMENT, VERY HAPPY WITH TRANSACTION. USED IT FOR MY SON AND HE IS VERY HAPPY WITH BEING ABLE TO DOWNLOAD APPS&GAMES FROM AMAZON AND ANDROID MARKETPLACE.

THE SCREEN HAS A GLICTH IN IT IT STARTED FROM THE IT THAT I GOT THIS PHONE FOR MY CHILDREN. BUT THEY DID'NT TELL ME UNTILL TODAY5-1-2014.....HAD THEM FOR BOUT' 5 MONTHS...............TRASH PHONES AND PARTS.

battery last longeast to usegood qualityI cant believe this is less than $50.I really recommend this phone.

I have been using this android for 6 months now and it consistently is out performed by most others.  The battery life is about 5 hours if you don't use it hardly at all.  It's signal strength is lower compared to others when tested side by side.  Often it will shut down and restart on it on a few time during the day.  When acquiring an app or making a phone call it is slow and often the phone app doesn't even work!  I live in a metropolitan area and even though  the signal bar shows good strength the phone does not respond well at all.  I use the phone with Virgin Mobile.  Saving up now to buy a better phone.

The item was exactly what it was suppose to be with no hidden surprises.I will continue to use amazon for some of my needs.

Perfect phone for my 11 year old son. It's a cheap prepaid with Android. What else can you ask for an 11 year old?

I've had my Event for a month now. It's a great phone, and a tremendous value.I bought my Event with no intention of activating it. I use it as a wifi device, in conjunction with my Google Voice number. I have also rooted the phone, which was very easy and allowed me to force apps to the SD card, making the small amount of free space on the phone (2gb) no longer a problem.The phone itself is a great value. It is unmistakably cheap in its feel, but light, compact and comfortable. I have not used the camera much (which isn't great) but found it capable of scanning quick codes (2D but not linear bar codes). My battery life is great, but again it is not activated.Ice Cream Sandwich opens up all kinds of options for the phone. Performance is good, and the experience is surprisingly close to my Galaxy S3 which costs more than ten times the Event (off-contract).The Event is a true, modern Smart Phone and is the best bang for your buck out there. Even if you don't activate it, it is a great bargain as an internet-only device.

I took this phone out of the box & before I even thought about putting it on the charger, I hopped on here to order something different. Even though the phone is cheap, it shouldn't feel like it's going to fall apart if I'm to put it in the black hole of death (Otherwise known as my purse). This phone doesn't have a front facing camera and the quality of the one that is does possess is complete garbage. On top of that, it does not allow video play on snapchat. Grrr. I hate that the port for the SD card is underneath the battery since it's so hard to remove. There are no easily reachable onscreen options, of which i've seen, that allow you to turn on/off GPS, WIFI, and 3G. Nor do I like anything about the layout of the phone. That may just be my own gripe with the Virgin Mobile service. You get what you pay for and with this phone you pay way too much for the garbage that you get.

This phone seems like it could have been okay, but it reboots at random and freezes many times a day.  So sluggish most of the time that the phone is borderline unusable.  I knew it would be a cheap phone, but it cant even seem to consistently function.  Very disappointing.

small and compact really can do the job.if you are not into the iPhone. its better than a flip phone  this phone will is good for that next step.

A good phone for people who are just getting into the touch screen. Many apps that are useful to conduct my business.

Okay so I had this phone for about 5 months. The first month,it functioned perfectly.The last 4 months have been kinda s***ty because the device has TERRIBLE hardware.It constantly restarts in the middle of everythin. I have to take the battery out and when I put it back in, the screen blinks and shakes.  I can't say this is the best phone out there but for the price it's at now (19.99) I'd buy it.

good phone i like it i just don't like the part were you have to turn off the device take off the battery and put the micro sd card and sometimes during the night or day it just reboots and iam like (WTF!) and the last one is that its slow sometimes in games but still good

THis phone is ok, still has probs. not connecting or getting enough bars I think. but it will do for now thanks.

phone works great. my hubby loves it. its really a great phone for the price. does so much more than i thought it would. thanks

My Kids Are Happy WithThe Phones. They Able To Download And Play Games And Also Download Apps. Make Phone Calls

This is an Android phone that does almost everything a much more expensive smart phone will do.  It has the built in GPS and voice services and is very user friendly and easy to set up and navigate.  After the initial expense of the phone, you can choose a monthly plan starting as low as $25.  Get rid of your contract and try pay as you go!  Put money in your own pocket.  :o)

This phone has been nearly flawless for the 6 weeks I've owned it. The only drawback is the camera, it certainly takes "adequate" pictures... BUT it won't read UPC or QR codes. Gals, this means your shopping apps with barcode readers won't work. At the $ 49.99 price I paid, I can live with that one little drawback.Android Ice Cream Sandwich runs smooth as silk compared to my old Optimus V running Android Froyo.  A major plus for me is that I was able to install Adobe Flash Player on this phone.I would suggest that you be extremely careful removing the back cover to install the battery. The cover is VERY thin plastic and the little clips that hold it in place REALLY don't want to let go. I'm certain that If I were removing the battery every few days, like I had to on my old phone, those clips would eventually break off.

I admit to being reluctant to buy a phone from a &#34;prnter&#34; company, so I looked up Kyocera on the web and discovered a great company! I like the phone as it does everything I need done: voice, text, entertainment, and it does it quickly!

Ive have not had one problem with this phone,the  battery seems to last a long time  ,its  great for listening to music really enjoy the free internet virgin live music .I have the virgin mobile plan .Bluetooth is great and easy hooked up to my sony bluetooth headsets sounds great.Seems to be able to download apps quick love the expandable memory .and this phone is cheap .Sure there are better phones out there for hundreds of dollars but for the price i highly recomend this phone.

I've owned it for a few months now, installed various applications and even dropped it a few times.It's been durable, and it's been great.Pros:* Price* Hardware is decent, it's ran several 3d games with ease, and some with slight lag* Flash makes a great flashlight! And it works ok for the ok camera* Battery life is decent, playing Pandora continuously for about 5 hours and it's at 20%, with some use: light web browsing, phone calls, text messaging, email, it's lasted 30+ hours before getting to 20%Cons:* Wifi freezing issues, when enabling the wifi, the system locks for a few minutes or freezes entirely, removing the battery and reinserting it usually brings it back to speed with wifi enabled* Responsiveness, it lags slightly when going through menus or the launcher, it's not bad, but it's not smooth* Camera, in situations with a lot of light it looks great, low light, not so much.* Camera/camcorder sound effects, slightly annoying that they can't be turned off, they're not deafening though.* Music library ringtones are a bit difficult to get going, I couldn't get it configured for the life of me, it may be user error, granted; I installed the 'Music' app from fdroid which has an option of setting songs to ringtones, after which they show in the list of available ringtones.Tips:* Be weary of what you install, some applications can continually run causing slow downs.I have a task manager that clears the memory and kills the apps I'm allowed to end to help with it.(It's terrible that most phone don't have root out of the box..)If you do want to root this device, don't ran the update it want's right out of the box, there are several blog/forum posts about rooting the device and it's cousin the Kyocera Rise. Haven't tried just yet, but I've read that several people had issues rooting after installing the update.Not great at reviews, but I hope this helps some people.Update 1-20-2013:I was able to root the phone! Even after the update, I was mistaken.After rooting, my phone became increasingly slower, it was perplexing, so I reset the phone to factory settings, and tried again some weeks later. It's now been rooted for months without any slowness issues.* I still experience freezing issues when using the widget to turn on Wifi* Battery is still holding a decent charge, not much has changed since I've owned it* Phone has been dropped 5+ times, mostly due to accidentally knocking it off something or standing up with it slightly out of my pocket. No breaks or cracks, it's even landed on it's screen, I've seen Galaxys and iPhones that couldn't take the damage my phone has taken. It's tough.* Screen has several scratches, should have gotten a protector. But the display isn't affected much, I'm not distracted by the scratches and it doesn't make it hard to see.I plan to have this phone for a long time, and when I eventually switch over, I plan to use it as a server. Quite satisfied with my purchase.If anyone's interested in what I'm using:ServDroid: Not too feature rich, but it works as a simple server - Does not require rootLil' Debi: Able to run Debian on my phone, which means apache or lighttpd! - Requires root

This phone is cheaply made and after owning it for at least 60 days it began locking up. Less than four months later from purchase, the phone has permanently frozen and will not come one at all. The buttons are lit and obviously draining the battery but the screen will not turn on. Nothing works, no battery removal or plugging it in. It's dead and I would expect that it would last longer than 3 1/2 months. I absolutely hate this phone and would NEVER recommend it. Also, this has been my first experience with VM and I regret that decision as well. They have HORRIBLE customer service. I would also not recommend VM.

I initially really liked this phone, but after owning it for only six months... I began to change my mind. It has a fantastic slim feel to it and it is really light too. This phone however shouldn't be used for emulating (Gameboy or Gameboy Advance) games or playing/running applications that take of &#34;a lot&#34; of processing power. Anything more complex than Frogger probably isn't good for this little phone. I would say that extensive candy crush playing is to much. I do like to play games on my phone, so I do believe that I pushed this little thing a bit too hard, however, I'm positive that I won't be the last to do so. Also, and overworking the processor, the began to act slow and drop calls.The OS is great and the phone is quick and responsive. The problem with these phones however (like many smart phones aside from iphones and samsung galaxies) is that the processors get overworked easily by consistent app use. If you are using this phone for the GPS, web browsing and phone calls/texting, it is a wonderful handset. The problem with this phone, like ALL phones and tablets, is that they are miniature computers, but the difference between a laptop/desktop and a hand held device is that a computer has VENTS for cooling. These devices cannot cool themselves down, and quickly overheat.Pros: Good phone, Great price. Fast and responsive when new/taken care of.Cons: Possessor tends to burn up with extended use of graphics and app games, causing several issues with the handset.

I bought this phone a year ago.  Constant glitches, turns itself on and off at random.  Very slow, frequent error messages.  Spend more money to get a better phone, this product is worthless.

wanted to wait till i owned the phone for 6 mos. before writing a review.read all the others before buying it but was on a budget and needed a phone quick. 1 thing i read that has come true is the phone just dying for no reason. seems like clockwork once a month it dies and i have to take the battery out and put it back in to get the phone to turn back on. camara isn't great. but overall its ok for what i need. phone calls, text, and i listen to pandora at work. for these functions the phone has been good. battery life is pretty good. so if you need a cheap phone and dont mind rebooting every now and then. its a decent phone.

This phone is great for the price.One thing I dislike is the camera.It makes your pictures look dark.overall im satisfied.

UPDATE:This phone was great at first. I took really good care of it, however, it is crap now. The picture quality is nonexistent. They are all dark and blurry. It takes forever to dial or to text because the phone constantly freezes or misses a few numbers/letters. It has stopped notifying me of text messages. The best thing about this phone is the battery life is pretty long compared to other phones I have had. I have a small business and am a college student. This phone is now worthless to me. The camera quality doesn`t allow for me to be able to take pictures of checks for my business like my previous phone did. I would not recommend this phone. I left a similar review on Virgin Mobile and they rejected my feedback.

It's a nice phone i use to have the LG Optimums slider which was a nice because of its keyboard but that phone kept freezing and turning off on me at times and this phone sometimes does that to but it has more rom has more applications i can use on it and it has nice video quality and it is customizable which is awesome other than the phone freezing at times and shutting of at times i would give it a 4

All apps, features respond and load quickly. Camera is acceptable. Sound quality is good.This is a very affordable option as it was purchased for someone who tends to be rough on them and for the price its a good choice.

This is the second phone i have received in the past 2 months not even and the second one is used. the first one i got the vibrate wore out and when talking on the phone people would sound distorted and i couldnt understand anything they said. The phone was very delayed. The second phone i got the vibrate wore out in the same amount of time and the speaker seemed blown when I would try to play music without headphones. My memory card will not connect at all and when taking on the phone people still sound distorted.. Terrible phone, dont waste your money!!!

This is my first smartphone and for the price, I am impressed.  For the most part it is easy to use.  The phone is a lot better than I even imagined.  The one negative about this phone is the battery life.  I can not get through a whole day's use without having to recharge it.  Also the apps sometime have difficulty connecting to the internet,  If you shut off the phone and turn it back on again there is no problem.  Netflix, email and Facebook work well.  I have not tried all the apps but the ones I have there were no problems.

This phone is JUNK

I hate EVERYTHING about this phone. I know someone who bought one, and I liked his, but I HATED it once I bought it. You can't enter contacts because this phone "grabs" information from the other contacts and puts it in there. You can't just look up a phone number because the phone actually CALLS the person. You have to go around your butt to get to your elbow in trying to find missed calls. Checking emails is a joke -  and not a funny one. It's harder than hell to simply set a ringtone - and the damn manual doesn't tell you HOW, either. That manual is as bad as the phone. And I discovered I hated a "touch" surface. I want a QWERTY phone now.I hate this phone so much, I want to hurl it at a wall and watch it explode. That's how mad it makes me. I gave it one star only because I had to choose a star to review it. But that was being generous.I've had this phone for three weeks, and I've hated it every day I've had it. Save yourself the hassle. Don't buy this phone.

I am so happy I got this phone. I got it cheaper on Amazon then going to the store. My storage then Samsung and LG and I can transfer things to my SD card. Awesome Awesome!

like the phone easy to use  and the plan i have is good cant beat price for unlimited data  but had phone only less than month and it crashed ..had to wipe data and start over but it still crashed..customer support is good though they will replace phone for me

I got this phone a month and a half ago. It was great at first. Surprisingly fast to boot up, responsive, etc. But then the problems started. Day 2, it wouldn't register my attempts to wake it up as I was out and about and needed access to maps. Annoying. Eventually I plugged it in again, and it woke up right away. Battery wasn't dead, it just is a horrible phone. The freezing thing happens pretty frequently. And then it starts up, and it makes that shrill Virgin Mobile startup noise that you cannot disable. I tried downloading apps like Silent Boot. It doesn't work. So frequent restarts = frequent bootup noises. It will even force restart in the middle of phone calls. It's a horrible phone.After these problems, I thought I'd check for updates to the firmware, OS, etc. I'd upgraded the OS on my Android tablet so thought this would be fine. Updating the phone network data wiped everything. All my messages, all my photos (even on the SD card), all my apps. Horrible phone? Yep.Then yesterday, again this is about a month and a half after purchase, I got the screen of death. I had tried to use Chrome and it kept force-closing immediately, so I just gave up, put the phone back in my pocket. Next time I took it out, Android had a serious error. I said to restart. Did that multiple times, but it kept booting back to the serious error page. So I took the plunge. For the second time, a factory reset. All apps gone, all photos gone, all messages gone. But it didn't solve the problem. Chrome won't load. The stock browser won't load. I downloaded Firefox. It wouldn't load. There is something seriously wrong with this phone or Android 4.0 or both. I don't know, and I don't know what to do. Because I kinda need a phone.So if you're in the market for a phone: this is not the one.

CALL QUALITY: Before I get into all the details:  I just want to say that one drawback I have noticed on this otherwise impressively loaded economy phone:  the call quality is not that great.  People say I sound fine but the voices I'm hearing on my end sound digitized - like those pop singers that put effects on their voices.  I don't know if this is something that Virgin Mobile can adjust or if this aspect of this phone is defective.  The rest of it works great-  I only needed this phone for about a week while my regular VM phone was being replaced via warranty. If you're a heavy talker - I don't recommend this phone.  If you need something really inexpensive to keep in your pocket to check emails, the web, manage a calendar, send texts and only make a few short calls a day - this will work.original review:********************Stock Android is getting SO comprehensive: what this phone does for the teeny tiny price is amazing.  Its nice (okay amazing) to see Android 4.04 on a phone with a $19 (or $29 or $39 depending on when you buy this) price tag.  This phone is nice and light -fits well in the hand with a non-slip rubberized texture on the back - one nice feature: it allows you to move certain apps to sd card (ie I moved Netflix, Pandora, Hulu Plus, N7player, live wallpapers and some others to SD).  Also it charges to full capacity pretty quickly compared to some other Androids I've used.btw I bought one of these for a friend months ago when they were $40 - his iphone broke and he was tired of the monthly bills anyway- he says its great - had NO complaints for an entry level Android.  I don't mean to compare this to an iphone by any means-but the basic smartphone functions work well.  I picked one up for 19.99 here at amazon over black Friday this year for when my kids want to play with my phone (and I don't want to give it up).I'm using this one to hold me over until Virgin Mobile sends me a new Galaxy s2 phone--just barely still under 1 year warranty).  Folks - remember - Virgin Mobile stands by their products - even if 6 months from now this phone starts giving you grief- they WILL send you another one and the warranty starts all over again.so..this phone does 90% of what I need my Galaxy to do -no slick and glossy giant amoled display like the Galaxy does- it has a plainer-grainier look -but its plenty fast nonetheless and has a decent size screen.  Another reviewer made a good point - don't expect great pics!  I mean if you need to send "info" via cell or email  -like examples of this and that for practical reasons or for fun - it will work and it has a flash.  But don't expect quality photos.  And it has no front facing camera so you cannot Skype but come on its 30 bucks!Okay so here is an example of what I set it up to do right away and how much you can fit on the phone +WHAT IT CAN DO EASILY WITHOUT annoying GLITCHING:The calling, texting, emailing, google voice search, voice to text etc.  all worked as expected - no real difference between this $30 phone and the Galaxy I paid $300 for last year.  The call quality might be marginally better on a more expensive VM phone and btw all cell phones seem to glitch here and there in my honest opinion.Nice live wallpaper installed and running- it runs live wallpaper on the lock screen!  Nice!Easily installed and used: Netflix (works great) I've only tried wifiHulu Plus (works great) only tried wifi(note: even though it doesn't generate great pics and the screen is no "HD" screen - Netflix etc videos look pretty darn good -VERY watchable)Pandora works great (again wifi)Obviously Youtube (preinstalled)Swiftkey trial ap installedI have two separate Gmail accounts updating every 5 minutes on wifiI have another private email account updating every 5 minutes-this is a VERY busy accountI have soduko and three other basic aps installed that I use regularly and the phone is not complaining that the memory is low.N7player ap is installed and works greatinstalled Minecraft pocket edition free and I was able to walk around but my son says you can't actually play- the phone can't handle it.I switched off the wifi and hopped online via 3g and zipped around the net doing searches etc.  NO PROBLEM.Even with the slightly grainy screen -I easily went Amazon.com and reviewed my christmas orders - no problem reading text or signing in with "desktop site" using pinch-zoom.  Some entry level Androids are really hard to "shop" from but I have already used this phone via 3g to order a gift via Amazon while waiting -indoors-at the bank.I was VERY impressed with the battery life so far.  I cannot remember my Galaxy ever lasting all day without needing recharging even with wifi and mobile data OFF.  I don't know what the battery will be like in 6 months but my friend never had a battery issues with his Kyocera.I also installed an HD wallpaper picker and downloaded a few non-live wallpapers.  The images loaded REALLY fast - I was impressed.What I CANNOT do with this entry level Android:Well obviously I there is no front facing camera.  So no video chat.  Also I can't take HD pictures or video like I could with my Galaxy.  I cannot run certain 'creme de la creme' gaming aps - but I can run PLENTY to keep a kid happy.IE: it cannot run the newest "Angry Birds Go" fast moving kart game -  It appears to play all the other Angry Birds Games though.  I cannot fit tons of apps on this phone like I could on the Galaxy- but I can manage all the basics and move a large amount of them to the sd card.  The screen isn't large - 3.5" is about as small as I would be willing to go to be able to comfortablywatch a video, e-mail and use apps like n7player or games etc. but I have average sized fingers.  I don't think I would want to read Kindle on a screen this small and basic either.  But there are tablets and laptops for that.This is just A LOT of phone that processes data pretty fast for a measly $20 to $40.  It seems like many budget prepaid Androids out there run on Gingerbread-really outdated versions of Android.  But this is ice cream sandwich so its going to be able to do a lot more than those other phones and run a lot of different, really convenient apps.  I know there has to be some lemons out there though - since this is not a high end phone.  But I think its a fantastic choice for someone who wants an Android on a budget - if you get a lemon just ask Virgin to send you a new one.  Keep the info backed up. etc.

I had a few phones with VM,Ive been with VM for several years,and I first I want to say that this company has come a long way.I am pleased with this phone I wasen't expecting a lot,but I was very surprised.Its light and very fast,I have plenty of storage to use,1.20gigs and 4 gigs for the phone itself,I use a 16gig card for movies and photos and all my documents,I'm in the military so this phone works great for all the things I need it to do.I was going to buy a more expensive phone,but I think Ill keep this one for awhile.Games play well,and I listen to music alot,the only thing I would like to have changed is the audio,the overall sound is lacking bass and stereo widening effect.Overall a great phone,I would recommend this one if you are in a pinch and don't want to lose alot,this phone works!!!...

I don't use this as a phone, rather as a mobile android wi-fi enable device. Surf the web, run apps like facebook, weatherbug, fly delta, use as an mp3 player, etc.My wife has a Droid Ultra. Until I started playing with that I didn't realize what a poor substitute for a real device this is. On the plus side, it works. If you have the time to wait for it, that is. Everything I do with it seems to take longer than it should. There are always noticeable delays from the time I touch the screen until the desired action occurs.Other reviewers have mentioned the fact that when pushed hard, it seems to reset. This has happened to me as well.The camera is crap, worse than my old blackberry and that is bad. Battery life is sub-par.I paid $20 for it on sale at Best Buy. I got just what I paid for-a $20 device. I cannot comment on the performance as a phone since I never activated it.If it's all you can afford, it will work. However this is one case where spending extra money will result in more than consummate returns.

I'm going to use it as a gateway phone to a Galaxy. The camera is kinda crappy, but it's an OK phone.

Phone gets very hot, almost to the point you feel it would burn things. This happens when phone is not in use and most applications are off. Phone is also very hot to touch when it is charging. Would return the phone, but have everything programed in, and do not want to start over unless necessary.

I am super broke! And if you need a smart phone but have ZERO budget than this is the phone for you! The camera is terrible, and there is no memory. The call quality is also terrible, but for 30 bucks, it's GREAT! I used it to text and use Facebook and Twitter, oh and I read books on it while I am at work. It does run other apps, but doesn't really have the memory to store them. Anyway, I highly recommend it as a starter phone.

Didn't come and whoever goes on amazon is STUPID! I DO NOT RECCOMEND IT AT ALL BECAUSE IT IS A LOAD OF GARBAGE

The only thing good about this phone is the battery life! It likes to randomly restart it's self, it closes out of whatever you are doing when you are trying to type, and good luck understanding people while talking on the phone or being understood.

This is a good phone to use it is a very good phone good features good phone I like it.

This phone is snappy and very responsive, and for 35 bucks a month you get unlimited data. It would be perfect if it had 4G, but the 3G is fast where I live. I would recommend this to a friend.

Not bad for the money. 3G is quick - maybe not as quick as my other 4G device but not near the cost either.

We recently replaced our phones & switched carriers. The Event is a good, moderately priced phone. The battery life is outstanding, it takes good pictures, the call quality is excellent. I love the Eco mode it goes into when the battery is low. It has one really great feature-you can change the size of all fonts to BIG! If you're like me and practically blind this is great. I've had mine for 3 months and I still like it. It weighs practically nothing. The keypad is virtual which I love. It's a good phone for the money & I'm happy with it.

My daughter broke her Kyocera Rise.  The keyboard came completely off.  I was a little reluctant to buy another Kyocera after that, but this one had the right specs and definitely the right price.  She absolutely loves it.  I find it to be a little small, but I have bigger hands than she does.  It is speedy and responsive and has a fairly new version of Android.  And it was $79.  Cant really beat that for a phone.

only 2 stars because this phone is super cheap. Camera is very poor. Just not worth it to me. I do not reccommend this phone. very cheap, and no good. maybe ok for a person 1St smartphone or something.

i have purchased three of these phones total, i have returned two so far due to the phone freezing and not working right. now i am told the third phone is doing the same thing. may need to return the third phone also. we will see

I love the phone bought it for my grandson and he like it. I would recommend it to others just right for him

i brought this phone knowing the camera wasnt the greatest, so no surprise there. the camera is nice in great daylight but during the night time forget it. phone freezes and has to turned off and on like once a week, and the apps open really slow. im still debating if its the phone itself ot the sucky virgin mobile service that explains why it takes forever for the browser to load :/

Where do I begin? The phone actually started out wonderful but as time went by the device slowly eroded into a problematic handset. I had no problem with Virgins service and when the phone worked, downloading and streaming were fine.The RAM and internal storage barely meets minimum standards to run everything smoothly. The processor under performs and results in a routine of lagging, overheating and eventual reboots. There are just way too many problems to describe so i'll just list them.Wifi randomly turns on by itself when switched off. Deleted photos will come back, streaming music or GPS navigation causes the device to overheat. The camera is low quality, you cannot disable the obnoxious shutter noise and lastly terrible battery life. I have ran out of patience with it as even making calls sometimes caused it to crash. Adding insult to injury, today it has become a useless lump. It will not boot even when factory reset. I would fix it but I'm simply done wasting time on this handset.

very slow  freezes all the time  then it died on me after couple weeks of having it  returned it and spent a little more money to get a phone that doesn't freeze up

It only took a week to get to me, so pretty fast shipping. I replaced my iPhone with this phone, and I think I am more happier. The people who gave bad reviews are expecting way too much. This phone does everything it's supposed to and more. Don't pay attention to the low star bad reviews. Trust me, this phone is worth it, especially for the price.

I've had this phone for three weeks. As far as a basic phone with texting, it's fine.  But Kyocera makes GPS / Maps one of it's selling points, and the GPS is useless because it overheats.  I had it on a short road trip for 15 minutes and it overheated and shut down.  I turned it back on and completed another 15 minutes of the trip to test the GPS.. but it was HOT.  VERY disappointing that this feature will not work for me.Also it has frozen up on me a few times, and I have to take out the battery to restart.I know I will have to buy another phone very soon... especially if I am planning a road trip.

i dont like cdma ,. only gsmi cant use this in my country we dont use cdma here, it is ok, but i cant enjoy it  like i want

I really had no desire to upgrade my phone, but figured it was time to put my 7+ year old Kyocera flip phone to rest. I am very satisfied with this phone and how it functions. I'm not sure if owners of "high end" smartphones would like this, but for this first timer it works great. No complaints with the speed of all functions, surfing the web or use of apps. Got this on sale for $49! Great value that was too good for me to pass up and in the end the item has surpassed all my expectations.

I love my phone, only problems that i have with it is that the battery needs charged every couple of hours, but it's great for texting, and the apps are cool.  It's not bad for a android.

RECENT EDIT: This phone will freeze up if you don't kill your apps. Just letting you guys know this.----------------------------------EDIT: This phone duplicated my photos. I don't know if it's a phone problem or an SD card problem. Also it will power off at random times.----------------------------------Sometimes I have to power it off when I want to have wifi enabled. I think it's just my phone. Also it's really nice for a budget phone. It can do snapshots (press the volume down button and the power button at the same time) and can run Temple Run. Also this is a great upgrade if you had one of the PCD phones from Virgin Mobile.

keep heaving to restart it so no not happy with this phone at all need to be off market for good

Okay, I'm a 16 year old girl, and I pay for my own plans and phones so I decided to switch from Verizon to VM because I wasnted to get a smartphone with a data plan that wasn't 80 dollars like on Verizon. I bought this phone about two weeks ago, and I just acitivated it yesterday. At first I loved this phone, but the battery life drains from 75 percent to about 30 if it's just sitting in your pocket for possibly three hours if you're lucky. If you shut off the phone, then turn it back on it's about 30 percent less than it was when it was on the first time. Now my phone won't charge past 60% and 60 percent is about an equivalent of ten minutes of use unplugged -___-. It is a complete POS and I do not reccommend this to anyone. Well I recommend it to people who like trash. Even with a task killer, and a data turner on and off, it drains like crazy and doesn't even charge. I'm very upset, especially considering this was out of pocket because I don't have a job, I'm living off of allowance. I will analyze a list of pros and cons for everyone.Pros- Bright screen, Fast 3g, Fast phone, Easy to manage, Android 4.0, loud volume, YouTube runs like a dream, phone is light, LED light notifications, Turn wifi on or off, Easy to Text, Phone Dial pad is cute, Use of WidgetsCons- it's a complete piece, 10 percent of battery life could be gone in less than ten minutes, battery pack is loose fitting so it will have it's frequent shut offs unless you tighten the space, and vibrate can't be felt through clothes, can only be felt or heard on a table or against skin.

yes this phone is the best that i ever seen  but i could not activate it online.please tell me how to do this.

I HATE THIS PHONE.  It was great for a while but now I can't go a day without it freezing at least four times, the battery sucks, the list goes on.  If you don't plan on using the internet for anything but downloading apps, this is an okay phone for you, but calls are hideous; half the time it doesn't register you've clicked the call button.  I've had it a grand total for four months and I'm already in the market for a new one.

i liked it you can do everything like any other phone but it too thin light weight so its slippery that's what I don't like about it. and its alright not allthat!.

I liked this phone and used a lot of apps with it. Only problem I had is that a few months into owning it, the phone started to have problems.It shut itself off randomly. Then restarted randomly. It's not because it overheated, because the phone wasn't hot. Also, it got stuck on the reboot screen. I had to restart it maybe 5-20 times before I get to the phones display screen with the apps.Anyway, It got stuck on the start screen so I looked for a solution online but didn't find one.Edit: A few weeks later... Took it to Best Buy, they said they couldn't help me. I didn't have any of that phone insurance or Geek Squad stuff. I ended up replacing the phone entirely. It only made it past the start screen one more time before freezing up completely. Dead/Dud phone. Perhaps faulty from the beginning.

Will never buy this phone again not even worth the money dont have nothing nice to say about this phone but dont buy.

Bought this as a replacement for my teen sons out dated LG Optimus V and he is very happy he chose this one.Yes the battery life is horrible as about all smartphone are these days, if your expecting a phone with good battery life then a Droid Razr Maxx, Galaxy S3 or a Note is the way to go but not sure if these are on VM as those are about the only ones that I have used that can hold up to my heavy use. I am a VZW user and not placing my teen on my plan, so he gets what he gets hehe. 5 stars!DECEMBER 2013 update:Its now been 7 months since we've been using this phone... about 2 months ago it started doing random reboots. Factory reset it thinking it was an app but to no avail only used it from October until about 2 weeks ago as only texting and voice, and now it constantly restarts and cannot use it. He's not so happy with this phone now, with that I now have to change from my 5 start rating to a 1 as no phone should die like this in this amount of time. I can not longer recommend this phone to someone else.

Hakuna patata. -_-  8==D

This phone literally did not last me a month.  The phone will freeze, then not start back up again.  When it finally does decide that it wants to start, it is not able to start completely.  It gets stuck on this screen that says it was an error loading the volume.  Hours later, it may finally turn back on again, if it so chooses.The phone was shipped right on time though.  No problems with that.

This is a great phone. has everything I want in a cell phone. would recommend to friends and may purchase another in the future.

I first admit that I DID NOT buy mine from Amazon, I got it from a well-known chain of electronics stores.  That being said, I hate this thing.I had an LG phone that I liked a lot, but the charging port gave out after 5 years.  Not a bad lifespan for a piece of electronics.I got the Event as a replacement, and went for the lower price model.  This thing is the biggest, steaming pile of &#60;multiple explitives deleted here&#62; of a cell phone I've ever had.  It freezes for no reason, requiring a hard restart.  The WiFi will not BLOODY well stay off, no matter how many times I turn it off.  If I could, I've give this piece of junk a -500 star rating.  Sorry, Kyerocera, go back to the drawing board.

i purchased a new phone and waited 1 week, when I got it in the mail and took it out of the packaged it was a used, scratched and it even had a blonde hair in the power button. I was very upset, I called amazon and they agreed they made the mistake and I got a brand new one 2 days later!!

I thought this phone would work with the Virgin Mobile PayLo plans, but it only works with the Beyond Talk plans that start at $35 a month.  I would invest in a slightly nicer device if I were to go with those plans.

I've had the Kyocera Event since late february,  so I've had some time to evaluate this phones performance. The 3g internet on the phone has pretty good speed, but the phone does freeze from time to time. I find that this phone plays video fairly well and the default email app notification is fairly useful. The camera doesn't take great pictures, just ok pictures. I haven't had a dropped call, call quality is pretty good, much better than Zte D930 Chorus, with better musical audio too. I would consider giving the  Kyocera  Event  5 stars except  for the  phone freezing from  time  to time, so it will have to be 4 stars.

Good phone, works well & easy to use. Was a gift for my teenage daughter & she really likes it

I purchased this phone for my sister and she absolutely loves it. Compared to her over Kyocera phone she is in love with all the features and the fact that it has the android operating system. The only down fall is the camera, it's slightly &#34;foggy&#34; but for the price you really can't expect much. Overall she loves it and I might get one for my mom too.

If you're thinking about buying this, don't. If you're thinking you're lucky enough to dodge this model's many problems, you're not. This phone will quit working for you the second you need it to work, and nothing you do will be able to fix it. I had about a month without problems. It finally died yesterday.

This is my first smart phone, and I am still learning the android world, it comes preloaded with easy to use apps, it has google play, and it takes pictures.  I have not used the camera yet.  I just learned how to delete messages, I love the keyboard, I am heavy handed so, I use a styles to type; it is like a walking computer.

great photo & picture quality takes very short of time to power up and lots of battery time 1 cam on the front  freakin great phone

I like this phone! It provides me with the ability to make call, text, check my email and many other things. The prepaid plan that I have is just enough each month.

From the day I bought the phone I have had trouble. It freezes, lags, randomly shuts down, drops calls, wont pick up wi fi, also continues to pick up wifi even when i dont want it to, wont access web, mail, text etc...I literally threw it out the car window last week because i couldnt take it anymore.DO NOT BUY THIS JUNK
