
The first product, the best phone out there, the only thing that came was the adapter for the 110v outlet.

Everything about this phone screams quality. From the hardware to the software, it's just an amazing piece of technology. I haven't always been a HTC fan. I once owned a HTC HD2 and really I hated that phone with a passion. In fact i owned it for a month and sold it to the first person who offered me any type of money for it. However, HTC has definitely made a non believer and believer in it's products. My wife owns a Galaxy S4 and she loves it, but for me I am more than happy to have the HTC ONE as my go to phone for years to come. Thank you HTC for building such an amazing phone.FYI I didn't go over specs because everyone else has more than gone into detail about what this amazing phone can do. I just wanted to give a satisfied customers opinion.

First the obvious:it is a great telephone in terms of sound, reachability ( I live in Switzerland and the connection is not always very good due to the mountain). I can sometimes make calls where other people with other phones cannot.as Smartphone it is excellent too: fast, great screen with perfect contrast and good colors. The camera function works also quite well, even in relatively difficult light conditions. it also makes good movies. Nevertheless, it is not a real camera.I love the design and appearance of it. But that is more a matter of taste.What I find outstanding with this phone is its sound. It is not a Hifi system of course, but it has a good sound, even when set to max loudness, and thus I can listen to my radio in the kitchen or the bath, as if I had a good transistor radio, which is very convinient

I am still learning how to use the HTC one phone but I can already appreciate the advantages over my Blackberry and I am impressed.

THIS IS AN AWESOME PHONE....HOWEVER YOU NEED TO BE CAREFUL when buying off here because I bought on and it was an INTERNATIONAL version, which it wasn't listed as that. I had to return it. The INTERNATIONAL Versions if you are using T-Mobile will not allow you to have anything but 3G/HSPA, but most of the time 3G because it does not have the AWS/700 Frequency.Now with that being said it's a nice phone, beautifully made. The silver one looks great. The screen is nice, the clarity is awesome....I could go on and on.

Sturdy phone with all the features you will actually use! No issues yet after a month's use. Was concerned about the camera however it takes great shots, zoom detail on a picture taken will not be as good as S4 however dim light it beats the S4 totally! Beats audio and screen display is awesome! No flimsy plastic casing so no need to worry about durability. Call quality and speaker phone both excellent. No regrets on this purchase!

I bought my phone at a Verizon store, which was a mistake.I am now on my third HTC one in six months (the first two were replaced under warranty). I started having intermittent trouble with my phone within the first week....I could hear the person on the other end of the call, but they couldn't hear me. I took it to Verizon, and they couldn't replicate the problem in the store because it was intermittent, so they refused to replace the phone. I brought it back again when the problem persisted, and they finally agreed to replace it, but refused to replace it with a new one because it had now been more than 14 days (even though I first reported it within 14 days). They sent me a refurb, which was awful. The battery would only last a few hours. They finally sent me a second refurb, and the mic is not good, and the battery is not much better. The person on the other end of the call will often tell me they can barely hear me because of the mic. Also, the camera is weak....very grainy compared to the competition. I will NOT buy another HTC phone, nor will I buy from a Verizon store again. Now I'm stuck with another 18 months in my contract and a very substandard phone.

this is not a new phone! I see some scratches at the side of the phone! also, inside the box, it comes with a charger without HTC logo. only chinese words on the charger. it's missing so much stuffs inside the box. it doesn't worth for the price!!!

I was an iPhone owner until recently when it went totally dead and I decided to switch to an unlocked Android phone to use with my No Contract Cell Phone Network ( [...] ).  The HTC One is one of the top three 'high end' phones tested through the trusted Consumer Reports, so it made it easy to make a decision.  It has been a little bit of a learning curve to learn the differences from Apple's phones.  The Sync Application, which you download to your computer, was a little bit of a problem initially, but it did pull all of my data from my old iPhone that was stored on my computer iTunes backup.  I thought that was amazing, since I assumed that information was lost forever.  My only real problem is that it doesn't have an outside mute button in case you need to just silence your phone anytime quickly.  I even saved $100 on this phone by buying it through Amazon rather than at Walmart (can you believe it?).

The best Smartphone ever made. HTC a Smartphone innovator have really excel on making great phones, From the zero gap build to the best software experience! Making the first touch and wireless handheld device, google android smartphone, world's first 4G android smartphone and the first 1080p smartphone. Having the best sound you can get on the smartphone industry and including Beats Audio makes it just the best sound experience on a smartphone.

What is there to say about this phone? If I just write about it, I'm just going to ramble on and on. So to save everyone some grief, here are bullet points (my direct comparisons are to the iPhone 5, Samsung Galaxy S3 and Note 2, but mainly to the Galaxy S4):The Good:1) THE SCREEN: If there was such a better screen on a phone, I have not yet seen it. The iPhone 5 is lauded for its excellent screen, but at its current resolution, it trails behind the One's screen by far. Everything just POPS out at you. Even in direct sunlight, everything is CLEAR and BRIGHT. I really loved the Droid DNA/HTC Butterfly's screen, but once again HTC has outdone itself and given us a true masterpiece in 4.7" 1080p(468ppi) form. This is THE BEST screen on the planet right now - WOW!!!2) THE DESIGN/HARDWARE: Why do most reviewers laud the iPhone 5's aluminum construction so much, when it chips and nicks so easily?? If you want a true masterpiece in design and craftsmanship, look no further. The One feels THICK and TOUGH. I don't have to worry about carrying this around case-less(except from drops, which is a whole other case). I will not be worried about this phone nicking and scraping like the iPhone 5. Personally, it may not have the flair of some of the Sony and Nokia phone of the past, but in totality the One has the best combination of design and craftsmanship. It oozes style and sophistication(*cough*Samsung*ahem*).3) THE DUAL FRONT-FACING SPEAKERS: We have all been desensitized to the modern smartphones nowadays with their crappy, tinny, mono speaker. I remember the days of the Nokia n95 and n84 with their stereo speakers - whatever happened to phones after that? Whoever agreed to a mono/solo speaker with all the smartphones thereafter?? FINALLY, someone has the senses to come back to reality - thank you, HTC!. Trust me, your ears will thank you and you will realize all phones should have been made like this. Especially when you use ringtones/alerts that were specifically created for this phone, the sound is loud, immersive, expansive, and POPs into your ears. It's simply a re-revolution.4) THE CAMERA: I don't use my phone camera to make prints from photos, I have my dedicated cameras for that. So to me, the paramount function of phone cameras is the convenience/accessibility - it has to be able to capture what I want quickly and clearly, with decent enough quality to post online. Therefore, the 4MP size in the One's camera does not bother me at all. Who cares if the camera isn't THE BEST phone camera ever? Because it is not, but it is a GREAT low-light shooter, and to me that's more important than pixel count. The sensors in the camera are bigger than other phone cameras, therefore, it can capture a lot more light, which in laymen's terms it can give you better photos in more situations than other phone cameras can. Also, the touch spot focus is almost instantaneous - this camera is quick, quick, quick!5) For a near 5-incher, it's quite svelte, at least at the girth. It's easier to hold in the hand than the Samsung Galaxy S3/S4, and for sure a heckuva lot better than the Note 2. It fits in your hands nicely and securely, with just the right combination of size, weight, and balance.6) The UI and software design is now very minimal and simplistic. For better or for worse, if you are used to the old Sense UI's, you will need some readjusting. Personally, I like this new one better. If you're a casual news reader, then you'll like new default home screen which displays a gathering of news sources - some of its own partners, some for your Facebook and Twitter, etc. - to form a Flipboard style of news reader. Personally, I'm a huge Pulse news reader fan, so I only use that.The Bad and Ugly:1) The battery is only 2300mAh - I wish it was bigger because I'm one of those paranoid people who always needs my phone at fully charged, just in case, of you know, something. But so far it's been holding steady at about 40% at the end of the day(from 9am-6pm). I check emails, read the news, text, Facebook, etc. throughout the day - I would say that I'm a moderate to heavy user. Another bad thing that I've noticed is it charges slower than most other phones.2) Comparing features with the Samsung S4, the One is lacking. It's not a deal breaker, but for those who like fancy functions, the One will not make you as happy. The HTC One is very simple in its feature set. The one feature I miss most from the new Samsung phones is Smart Stay, where the phone can sense that you're looking at the screen, and won't dim/turn off the screen - that was a HUGE convenience for when you're watching a movie or reading the news.3) Like I wrote earlier, the size is both good and bad, and it's also heavier than most similar phones. It's taller than the S4, and with the power button up on top, it's almost impossible to do one-hand phone operations without shifting your hand up and down to accommodate both the screen gestures and buttons. The buttons(power and volume) don't protrude enough to make it easy to press them.All in all, I feel the combination of the One's screen, design/craftsmanship, and audio experience trumps over the Samsung S4's fancy functions. The S4's screen is almost just as good - AMOLED screens are known for their deep blacks and saturation, while the One's is much better in direct light. The S4 has a higher MP camera, therefore able to take better photos in broad daylight, while the One's camera is more versatile and MUCH better in low light conditions. The One has a much better audio experience, while the S4 gives you better convenience with its features - userability goes to the S4 for sure.But in the end, considering the totality of things, I feel the HTC One provides me the best TOTAL experience, and is the king of the smartphones right now.

I am very pleased wit the htc one. Its the best phone i ever owned..when its timme for another phone,im gonna go bk with this one

I had a look at what is available and what I want in a phone. There is the iPhone, Windows phone and the class of Android-based phones. Having had an iPhone I knew I wanted something else, and being no fan of Microsoft or Windows, there was only Android left. Among the Android phones there were two standouts - the Samsung Galaxy S4 and the HTC One. Both have excellent screens and application processors that are more than fast enough, and both have GPUs to speed up video output over a software solution. In fact, both are based on the same QualComm SnapDragon 600, with the Samsung having a slightly higher clock frequency and performance. Both have battery life and power consumption matched such that they'll survive a full day's work. What swayed me towards the HTC One was that its touchscreen felt more natural, i.e. it seemed to have less lag between a touch or swipe, and the phone's reaction to it. The Samsung always slightly irritated me with with a delayed response. On top of that, the HTC One feels more substantial and robust, and it seems that its reception is better. The UI is a purely subjective matter, and it just could have been a firmware issue, but it was enough for me.

Phone came in a decent amount if time. No issues with the phone. And the phone itself is great. Easily saved $150!

The only purchase in my life that I have absolutely no regrets over.It's beautiful, functional, efficient...it does everything I need it to do.I really love the night/low light setting on the camera. It makes such a great difference.And the HTC blink feed is a great place to get all my news and social media updates in one place.Switching apps is really fast too. Perfect in situations were you want to take a picture really fast. It doesn't take long to load at all.

Phone is fast, smooth, and slick. It is by far the best phone I've owned. I have been using it for almost a month now.

a great phone, super fast and reliable.the only thing I found is that the sense tv app is not present on the international version

By far the best Android in the market. Looks are great!! but greater than looks (and basicly this is a extreamily beautiful phone!!) it's the functionality!!.. Sounds, speed, size, resolution, gadgets, capacity etc etc.. simply a perfect choice!

Great product, I had no trouble using it in Colombia, It exceeded my expectations, and PLEASE!!!! stop comparing it against SGIV I'm tired of that, If you love the design don't hesitate you won't regret!!!, just buy it! It worth

The short review: this phone is AMAZING.The in-depth review:This is my first HTC phone and also my very first phone through AT&T;(I was formerly with an unnamed big, red carrier). My first Android phone was the Samsung GS1(known as the Captivate through AT&T; and the Fascinate through VZW) and most recently I had the Motorola Droid Razr Maxx. Both phones were solid phones considering the market at the time of each purchase, but neither phone "felt" like a premium device.The HTC One not only looks like a premium device, but it feels like a premium device when held in your hand. It's light, yet solid and extremely attractive to look at.Pros:-Amazing Super LCD 3 Screen with a Screen Density of 469 ppi and 1080x1920 resolution-Qualcomm Snapdragon 600 w/1.7 GHz Quad-Core Krait 300 CPU-2GB of RAM-802.11 b/g/n/ac Wifi which supports both 2.4GHz ad 5GHz bands-LTE Capable-2300 mAh battery(capable of getting you through most of the day on medium use)-4UP Camera(does require some tinkering depending on how you use it)-Light and Sturdy Aluminum Frame-Boom Sound speakers w/Beats Audio support-Beautiful Sense 5.0 GUI-Capability to disable bloatware apps which frees up RAM(go to Settings>Apps>All Apps> Then select the app that you want to disable and click Disable)-Blinkfeed(seems promising and will probably get better with time as more content is added)-Zoe camera feature has potential-Built in universal remote(VERY intuitive in set-up and use, even found proper codes for a very old surround sound system that most universal remotes don't work with and works with cable boxes as well!)-The Sense UI and Android 4.1.2 work flawlessly together; this is my first Android experience that doesn't have occasional hiccups and process crashes-HTC Wi-Fi direct transfer tool available to transfer Contacts, Messages, Pics, Vids, Music, etc from your old phoneCons:-No SD card slot-Camera App does require some tweaking(Google HTC One camera tips & tricks to optimize)-2300 mAh battery(only a con when compared to my Razr Maxx's 3300 mAh battery)-Blinkfeed is "locked" on a homescreen(not a major con, as you can run a Theme Manager to avoid seeing it, or change your default home screen to a different homepage)-MicroUSB charging port location(makes it kind of odd to use the phone while it's charging)-Built in photo Highlight feature isn't very intuitive(but has potential)Bottom Line: If you have been considering a switch to the iPhone, but have been a long time Android user like myself(building a rather large paid app collection), then give this phone a shot. You WON'T be disappointed. It has actually made some iPhone users jealous(thanks to mainly the Universal Remote and BoomSound speakers).

Best phone i've ever had. I've had the HTC One for a week on TMobile. The display is amazing. Gorgeous screen and pictures are breathtaking. Zoe is very handy. you can take a stream of photos like a video and take the best one. handy to avoid those blinkers.The GPS is wonderful and hooks you up to an actual satellite. the phone runs hot when you do this. but it's a great GPS unit because the screen and audio are so clear. Music sound is good. I didn't find it spectacular, but not much to knock in this department.battery is solid if you keep the power save mode. i can get through a full day easily with moderate use.phone has facial recognition and draw the pattern for added security.lot of features on the phone. came with 25GB Drop Box for cloud storage for 2 years.Blinkfeed is nice. i've never used flipboard.Bad: I came over from the Iphone and I found the phone a bit complex to use. I had to install the Sim card and I put it in wrong because i didn't read the instructions. I also managed to lock my phone and had to go to TMobile to get a new Sim card because of this. the phone is not that intuitive to use, but after a week it's much easier. it just takes a while to get used to the new OS. The phone is big and slippery. better get a case for this beauty.There were no headphones included.call quality is very clear. and putting it on speaker is very handy. you have to put your ear on the top speaker though and it's not that wide.overall, i think this phone is amazing. it's so breathtaking and there is quality craftmanship in the build.

The phone is really great The only thing i would change is The size. For a woman ir's a little bug.

All I can say is this...  I had an HTC Inspire for nearly 3 years and beat the living crap out of it. I purchased the phone when it had first come out well before the flimsy 'plasticky' phones of today (Samsung Galaxy, iPhone). It never died on me no matter how many times it was dropped or thrown across the sidewalk. The feel of this phone is solid.  Performance wise the One is extremely fast, reliable, and easy to navigate like all HTC products. Also, the Beats speakers are amazingly high in quality and loud for a cell phone. I haven't taken pics yet but from what I understand through friends and colleagues, it takes amazing ones with its Ultrapixel lens. Don't be fooled by all this Samsung iPhone rage. It's a gimmick and you are paying for the names. I spent a long time contemplating by comparing/contrasting and decided not to turn to the Dark Side.You know when you have found a brand that works for you such as a particular make of an automobile.  I stuck with HTC because BMW is better than Chrysler, hands down. The same goes for this phone. If you have had an HTC before and was satisified with it and are thinking of going to the Dark Side and buying something else, DON'T! Happy shopping.

still on my infancy stage using it. i'll need more time....been used to iphones before this....too bad phone got stolen

I just got and still amaze with all everything that this phone can do, if you want to buy an android phone this should be your top choice by far!!

NOTE: I did not buy this particular phone on Amazon. I bought it from an in store retailer.I love this phone!I have had this phone for 3 months now and I couldn't love it more.I had an HTC inspire before this phone and I loved the brand. I was worried about purchasing this one new as my Inspire had some issues when I first got it with freezing.I have had no issues with The HTC One.PROS: Nice screen, great battery life, AWESOME AUDIO, runs quickly, front facing camera, easy and fast uploadsCONS: The only con I have found it with the Camera. The quality of the camera is okay. I have seen better smart phone cameras and I was slightly let down in this camera.

The cell is very nice and it is like in the description, very satisfied with the cellbest regards .

Best phone I have ever used. Everything is snappy. Loads webpages way faster than my Iphone 5. Camera is quick and easy and simple.  Quality of pics taken is excellent. Automatically generates slideshows and trailers based on pictures taken and the quality is professional-like. Similar to an iphone in terms of ease of use but faster, and with a much better screen.

This phone simply is HTC's employees showing how they work as a team. Everything about this phone oozes goodness. The sense UI is very handy for keeping up with all your accounts, the aluminium body is so sexy, the speaker's are perfectly placed and are great if you are on a lot of conference calls or listen to music in the shower. I have zero complains about this phone and its just a pleasure to use.

The HTC One is just a BEAUTIFUL, no, GORGEOUS! phone. I love it. The battery lasts with moderate use for me (emails, internet, a few games played) 7am to 6pm. The phone is so fast and smooth. I've rooted the device and removed HTC Sense 5 and now have it Google Play Edition. This makes the phone so much faster and delivers way better on performance.If you buy this phone you WILL love it. It's great in hand and doesn't feel like I'm carrying around something bulky.

everything about this phone was great. from the built quality to the software. not to mention the beats audio, gosh i can not get over how great my music sounds. plus my seller sold it for a very reasonable price. this phone totally blows the iphone and galaxy s4 out of the water

HTC ONE in general is a great phone and if you can afford it by all means get one for yourself. Screen is brilliant, sound quality is mind blowing and once you get used to HTC Sense interface logic (takes about 5-10 minutes) you'll never want anything else.This trader on the other hand is to be avoided at all cost.Phone shipped was NOT unlocked. Phone was NOT new. To put it mildly it was slightly used with marks on the bezel around the screen and photocopied version of the factory quick start manual... I wouldnt have been surprised if this was a random backyard Ebay seller...but this is an Amazon Prime retailer... I hope not for too long.

Very good phone, design, quality, camera, performance, in my opinion the best phone in the market.The problem is that people do not know too much and for this reason is not as Samsung sold more, but is well above the Galaxy not only as to what technical but its design and quality which many handset makers forget today

The item works great. It is exactly what I wanted and very please with it. It is very fast in downloading and streaming videos.

I ordered this phone a week ago. The phone did't come in its original package (it was supposed to be new), it came open and the phone have scratches all around. It is obvious that it's not brand new. Totally unsatisfied!!!The box was branded &#34;MOBILE PHONE&#34; Is this a joke???

will this unlocked phone work for verizon that is the only thing holding me back from getting this phone right now i just need to know if it will work for verizon someone please let me know

You won't believe how this phone works.  This phone is awesome with all you daily needs, no complain, I love it!

This is really a great device. Great design, premium finishing and seamless performance!With no doubts it's the best Android phone in the market.

Great

It's the best phone I've had in my life, sound (beats) is awesome, perfect camera, very fine, thin, sober and android is exploited to the maximum, 100% recommend it, really is perfect.Amazon service as always perfect!

sUPER eXCITED aBOUT iT!!!! it's awesome love this phone love this phone love this phone love this phone!!!!! it's amazing. ya!

very good cellphone

I have had an excellent experience with the HTC One and have very few negative remarks about the device. I would like to go into a little detail about some aspects of the phone, in my opinion.The HTC One body is designed from metal and tapers at the edges that fit my smaller female hands well. The built in speaker system &#8211; HTC BoomSound &#8211; is fantastic! Built-in amplifiers and Beats Audio can blast out the twin front-facing stereo speakers with incredible quality and minimal distortion whether I&#8217;m listening to MP3&#8217;s or Pandora Radio. Nearly five inches of full high definition LCD display allow me to stream YouTube videos, access my favorite websites &#8211; Facebook and Pinterest &#8211; and email with ease and clarity. An external memory card slot is not available for this phone, but the 32 gigabytes of on board memory make up for this and I have yet to fill my phone storage halfway. The battery is non-removable and, with that being said, if you need to replace the battery for any reason, you must replace the entire phone. Another thing I dislike about the battery is its life. If you are streaming videos or listening to music quite a bit, like I do, you will find that you usually have 10-15% battery life at the end of the day and you will need to charge your phone in the early evening.The HTC One is also globally ready, supplying coverage in over 200 countries, although you must activate a Global feature to enable roaming outside of the United States. It also has an updated version of Bluetooth. One feature I find interesting &#8211; and can be found in many of the newer phone models &#8211; is face unlock. Instead of typing in a password, four-digit code, or connecting a series of dots to make a pattern, you can unlock the phone with your face by simply holding the phone in front of you. The front-facing camera will capture your image and confirm a match to a previously saved screenshot of your face.The 2.0 UltraPixel with HTC Zoe camera is fabulous! It will automatically capture over 20 photos and a 3-second video to share that &#8220;perfect&#8221; shot with your friends or family. I have taken many, many pictures in various settings. They all turn out clear and crisp, even in low light. The video camera also works very well. With HTC Video, it will select the highlights of an event to create a 30-second show. Built-in Sense TV allows the HTC One to function as your new remote to select channels, access program guides, and adjust volume settings. Google Play Music allows you to store up to 20,000 songs for free.Overall, I would recommend this phone for anyone upgrading to more of a &#8220;beginner&#8221; smart phone. It&#8217;s very easy to operate and isn&#8217;t overwhelming. HTC Switch allows you to import contacts, photos, videos, and text messages from your old phone right where you left off!

Great phone, but had some problems with updating software and the use of some features. The phones unlocked but be cautious if you plan on using it outside the states as it won't update software and some features are blocked as it is a at&t mobile, other then that fantastic phone

I really like this phone about a year ago when I got it. The camera takes great photos and some of the features are very cool. I've got 2 main problems with this phone. 1 is ever since I updated it to kitkat the battery life went down significantly. I don't use my phone very often, have very little running in the background and have 2 apps downloaded. I'm not kidding when I say that I can take my phone off the charger at 100% and literally 20 minutes later it will be at 65% without me even touching it. Now, if I use it I can be completely dead within 2 hours. But I hardly use it. I wish I could undo that update. The second problem is pretty common, I guess, the tiny hole on the bottom of the phone is the microphone and that hole easily will get filled with pocket lint or other small particles and people on the other end of the call will not be able to hear you at all. You have to turn on speaker for them to hear you. I like the phone but these 2 issues are very bothersome.

The phone's edge is almost torn when I received it. So many tears and scratches on the edge, including one deep and big scratch. Never buy new stuffs on amazon again.

Don't buy this phone. I both this phone for a friend and by the second day the phone kept on blanking off on its own the radio is not working it's overheating.

This Smartphone is really premium equipement, all characteristics and performance are amazing and its very fast.The update to Android 4.3, works without problems, and Sense 5 its very friendship to use it.

Still getting the hang of the phone but from what i seen so far its a brilliant phone and very user friendly.

Best mobile phone ever, a little bit late in ship but anyways everything I expected!!! Htc is one of the best mobike phones evet

and I am still happy with this phone. It is Sprint unbranded phone for use on Ting. Internationally unlocking the SIM took approximately 3 weeks.PROSlove the display, large enough to be useful, small enough to put in the jeans pocketremovable SIM carddual front speakersextremely responsive, rarely experience swiping glitches -thank you quad core!international phoneCONSFront facing speakers erases mag-stripes! The black stripe on the backs of credit cards & hotel keyspoor data reception when moving, as passenger I quit trying to browse the internet and just use my wife's iphone (sprint)Somewhere in-between:Most of the time, I can unplug my phone in the morning and not need a charge until lunch the next day. However, the phone has its moments that require recharging by noon on the same day. I can't figure it out.poor voice signal reception in rural areasI cannot tell if the issues I am experiencing is because I have service through a Sprint provider instead of directly with Sprint OR if the problem is with my phone. My wife's iPhone is still on the sprint network and she gets data in places that I can't, sometimes she can get voice where I get nothing. Without a HTC One on a Sprint plan as a control, it is hard to determine if the phone is the issue or just the service

This is not so much a review of the phone as much as a warning. I purchased this from Amazon Warehouse, as a damaged box. I received it in two days and while the plastic around the box was torn, it was still almost completely sealed. Everything else was in good order, the phone is brand new and the accessories are still in their packages.I have Verizon (I know, I know, but I have the grandfathered in unlimited data plan). I bought this phone because I may be leaving to school in London, and my current (Verizon) phone is CDMA/LTE and I need a GSM. I tried activating online, but was informed I needed to call Customer Service. I was then informed that even though it is an unlocked GSM and LTE phone (according to the Amazon website), I can't use it because it does not have the Verizon operating system/bloatware. So now I have a phone that I can not use unless I do leave the country.

Got the phone and everything is as described! :) Im happy

The phone is great and i love it.But The description given about the phone is not true.1. The box i received was not sealed. I asked the vendor about this, and the vendor told me that the box would be sealed, which was not true!2. It is an unlocked at&t; carrier phone, it is not factory unlocked!You can see in the images- there is at&t; logo at the top right corner of the box. There are annoying at&t; apps in the phone which is totally useless!I live in Canada so i spent extra $60 to ship this phone(using reship.com) $117 to the customs. This phone costs 570 something at htc.com, i spent a lot extra for this phone since i was waiting for it since it was introduced. I don't regret spending that much extra on this phone because it is worth the wait and price. I regret buying it from this vendor because the description is not true!I received a mail with the package stating to rate the seller 5 star. I probably would if the vendor deserved! I would give the phone a 10 star but the seller no star!I need this phone this week so i cant return it, otherwise i would definitely return it even i already spent a lot on it.This is a superb phone, i would recommend everyone to buy it, BUT don't buy it from this vendor. Buy it from someone else. I am very disappointment with the business.

Shipping was super fast, phone in good condition. Some people might say that you can find a cheaper deal on the HTC website or on google but neither of those worked with my credit card for some reason. Also, if you check on best buy, its actually way more expensive for the exact same phone, so can't complain about the priceOne thing though, they DID NOT come with beats headphones. They came with HTC headphones that had really bad sound quality. Would have given it a five star but this product lost a star because it did not come with the headphones mentioned in the description.

Totally in love with my new HTC One. Small, sleek, comfortable, runs everything smoothly. Can't complain. Only downside is all the preloaded apps from AT&T that it come with. Useless junk that takes up space.You can get rid of some, but not all. Was expecting a bit more wow for the ultrapixels too but still has great photo quality compared to other phones.

Well Well Well...What a Smartphone this is...That feel.. That Awesome Premium Looks.. Puts Kate Upton to shame :PWhen you first hold this device, you know how privileged you feel... Aluminum Unibody .. What a Technology. I know its not a first since Apple used this first.. But then again, Apple are a first in most of the things, be it modern day touch, Aluminum feel...So.. One by One :Battery Life: Turn on power saver from 100% itself and expect it to beat most smartphones out there. What it does is underclocks the processor from 1.7 GHz to 1.2 GHz. Quite Useful. If you dont do that, prepare to be disappointed!Media: HTC Zoe rocks! 1080p 469 ppi is a treat! You will forget about Retina Display for sure! Colors are natural and not artificially over-tones like Super AMOLED in S4Phone features: Sense 5 (The UI, aka Launcher) is good but not like Stock Android Launcher. It has no lag, howsoever! Super fast! Speakers are awesome! Beats by Dr DRE is another advantage. Headphones sound so good! Touchscreen is very good and responsive. I dont care about no micro SD card capability as 32 GB is good enough for. The world is anyway moving towards Cloud storage and I see it moving forward without SD Card. regarding people critisizing that they cant change the battery. I have had 2 smartphones until now and I have never had to replace my charger. Just keep a USB Cable with you and you would be fine, just in case. You can find a USB jack almost anywhere!The Camera is good but not great. In the night, its the best out there, most of us party in low light conditions dont we? So its always good to have the Ultrapixel thing!Looks & Feel: Requires no words, fresh from heaven! Most B'ful phone out there!Performance: Very Fast, people saying S4 has octa core and all, well those 8 cores cant be used at the same time in any cost. it has 4 Cores at 1.9 GHz and another 4 crores at 1.2 Ghz. for balancing between battery and performanceValue: Well with the HTC One Tradeup program, and transferring my number to Sprint, I paid ZERO Dollars!Highly recommend!

The order was on time, in the condition described, and, itself, is a beautiful phone.Easy diy transfer and I like its news feed screen and the wonderful sound quality. It's very convenient and nice for personal use. It's slim and weighty which I personally like, but heads up.Battery life will always be an issue however this phone seems to maximize what you can expect from any phone.

this phone is great. Best from HTC. Speedy, great camera and excellent build quality. If you want a phone with great looks like the iphone and running android....this is it

This is by far my favorite device. After owning it for about 6 months i still love it as much as the day i bought it. It looks great. The speakers are amazing. I dont know if ill ever be able to live with traditional mono speakers in my device ever again. Sense is good although i did opt out for a more android OS. I will continue to be a customer!!!

I think this phone is not new !box is not sealed and box looks old!

Good phone  no complaints just what I ordered and it works exellent. The phone was almost intact and i got it on time.

I got exactly what I paid for and I an very happy with the phone.  Phone works perfectly!  Thank you!

Really love this phone. i received in pristine condition and more than before time. I am still learning how to use it as i only bought under three weeks now. Features are amazing alot still to discover.

This will be a quick review. I've had my One for a couple months now and I've got a list of plusses and a couple minuses but on the balance this is the best phone I've ever owned. Easily a 5/5.Pros:+ Great looking industrial design. Admittedly, appreciation of beauty can be a very subjective thing, but I think it's hard to argue against this being a great looking product. Plus, the aluminum body is solid and feels very well constructed.+ Excellent camera. Don't be fooled by numbers. The main benefits of this camera are its speed and low light performance. Ever been annoyed by that second delay when taking a picture, especially when the camera needs to use the flash? Ever been annoyed by the fact that it needs to flash at all in conditions with moderate but not extremely low light? Never worry about that again. For the vast majority of uses that people use digital images in everyday life (posting on FB, 4 x 6" prints, looking at on your phone screen) 4 megapixels is actually MORE than is needed. Unless you're trying to take professional quality shots (which you would likely do with a dedicated camera), you'll be very happy with the results here.+ Great speakers. They aren't as loud as a boom box (nor really even close), but the stereo sound is the best you can get out of a phone today, period (followed by a period here). I really love showing people youtube vids on this phone. It's impressive and is one of the best selling points of the phone. Also, if you're laying in bed and want to watch some netflix or listen to music- it's great.Cons:- Overflow buttons (the vertical ...) take up valuable screen real estate and can be distracting. This is due to the One's lack of a menu button. This will be resolved in a future sense update, allowing a long press of the home button to summon a menu, but for now it's pretty annoying.- Random "Sim card not detected" error messages. Best I can see after an hour's research- this is a common problem in this and other HTC phones and amounts to a design flaw in the sim tray mechanism once the sim is fully inserted. There's probably a fraction of a millimeter extra space in there which causes the card to not register sometimes after normal phone use jostles it minutely. Easily fixed by placing a small centimeter square bit of packing tape on the top side of your sim card (not the circuit side), but still hard to overlook. This is something that I imagine could be easily rectified on the production side. I shouldn't need to put a tape shim in there for it to function properly, but I did and it worked.- Battery life is average. If I use it normally (moderately heavy use over the course of the day) it will make it through work and a couple hours after I get home. It's not terrible but not as good as a Razr Maxx or the Galaxy S4. It's much better than the phone I previously had, but I still think it's worth pointing out that it could be better.- Battery is fixed (ie not removeable). This is a con for some people, but I don't see a problem with it. I'll probably have this phone for a year and replace it before the battery suffers significant life loss, so doesn't matter to me.Overall this is the best cell phone currently on the market in my opinion. It feels more solid and less gimmicky than the S4. I highly recommend it.

Everything about the phone is true.It's a beautiful phone.Except the price.You can get it for about 580 on the HTC website.



Some of the reviewers should note that the listing is for the international unlocked and not the unlocked available via HTC site for $580.  I agree the price is too high for either but don't confuse the versions and listings because they have different bands.  Someone overseas may be interested in the international unlocked and can't get one so the price may be justified for them.  Having said that, I wouldn't buy one for these prices either.

I will not go through the fantastic features on it - there are a lot already written here by lots of people way more capable to write nicely than me. Just wanted to add a note: This unit is Telecom Italia (TIM) operator branded. It does not affect the phone features at all since it is fully unlocked. But it has a TIM splash screen and a couple of operator utilities pre installed.

Great phone looks great sounds great and is fast as all hell but...the phone i received had a dent in it and also had a few scratches on the sides and one on the lower front and that sucked.

Very good preformances, fast reactions and great graphics features. Great cell phone with solid aluminium case. Screen is not to big which is good as I see it

As advertised, great phone. I was considering getting the S4, I'm glad I didn't. Works great. Got it up and running in no time.

As imagined : This phone met all my expectations :POSITIVE :- The battery life is quite good,- The quality of the signal when the call goes perfect ( in the same place other brand phones have signal too low or do not) ,- The application HTC Sense phone facilitates handling,- The connection to the data plan and wifi is good,- The sound quality of the front speakers is phenomenal,- The high fidelity you get to listen to music like mp3 and watch videos with headphones is very good,- The camera ultrapixel and its applications let you store good memories,- The ability to listen to FM radio is another advantage offered by this smartphone ,- I could even connect a bluetooth keyboard (Freedom Pro) that had not been pairing with other smartphones,- Last week I upgraded to Android 4.3 and everything works fine,Negative :- Too bad that in my country is not so well known this brand and therefore the accessories are not easy to acquire.A very good buy , that I recommend to anyone wishing to purchase an  ...(Sorry about my english)

So far it's working great, I didn't have any problems with a phone... Came with sealed box and everything inside, I recommend to everyone.

This is the best cell phone on the market. The look is slick the features great and it is a distinguished product. I have no regrets

best of the best. Fast, smart, good design, all included. Easy to instal easy to use. Was one smal problem to change language , but it wat resolve in few hours. In this version of phone NO RUSSIAN language. I have to install it themself

The phone has beats audio, sounds incredible, but the case quality is not what I've expected, no beats phones compatible.

WOW it arrived super fast I ordered it last night a 6pm and it arrive this morning at about 11.  Great phone unlocked and new in sealed box.I was deciding between this phone and an S4.  All the reviews I have seen is that the HTC One is the best phone on the market.

it is a very nice gadget . i bought this for my fiancee and he liked it.......LOL. i will buy this item again

This phone was actually reported stolen when I went to connect it . It has been really hard to connect with a provider .

This was a great deal just what I wanting! Thanks

Got this and I really liked this phone, it's perfect and had no trouble making it work here in Mexico.

Hello,I bought this phone about one month ago, when I first received it I noticed a problem in the external headphones ( the speaker).When I plug my headphone, the sound continue working on the external one !!So, I decided to send it back in order to replace it.What happened was they sent another device with a bigger problem , which was the camera !I couldn't take any clear picture and I didn't know why !So I sent it back again and they told me that they don't have this phone anymore ,so they refund my money.I'm wondering why this page is still here if they don't have it !!!Any customer going to order this device,he is going to get a used one probablyThank U :)

I've had the phone about 4 weeks now. I've owned every iteration of the iPhone until I got tired of Apples' attitude (their last update bricked my WIFI and they refused to help me along with other past issues)I will say here is what I like about the HTC One and Android:1. Bigger Screen2. Speakers up Front3. Useful widgets improve my productivity over the iPhoneHere is what I don't like:1. Camera is a step back- when viewing photos on my computer the quality is surprisingly poor2. The video is terrible- the focus hunts continuously. This is very annoying.3. AT& T Visual Voicemail is not nearly as refined as the iPhone. It's usable though.Overall I'm happy and NOT going back to the iPhone.

Opened Box and preloaded with att stuff. Phone was new and great I think they should advise of opened box and att stuf

Pros: Fast, crystal clear visuals, everything that a smartphone is supposed to be. Definitely a suitable rival for the iPhone.Cons: Occasionally a tad slow (nothing significant) and needs improvement on the user-friendliness. The phone can sometimes be hard to figure out.

SPECS:1.7 GHz Snapdragon 600 with 4 x Krait 300 CPU and Adreno 320 GPU2GB of LPDDR2 with your choice of 32/64 GB NAND(Internal Storage)in your choice of Silver or Black.4.7" SLCD3 1080p with a blazing 468 ppi which is the best on the market.4 MP camera but HTC uses Ultrapixel technology which allows for 300% more light for better pictures.2300 mah batteryAndroid 4.1.2 and they use Sense 5It has all the latest WiFi 802.11ad/a/b/g/n+ BT 4.0, USB 2.0, GPS/GNSS, MHL, DLNA, and NFCDual front facing speakers, HDR microhpones and 2.55V headphone amplifierHARDWARE:Let's be honest, the first thing you will notice when you see this phone or any phone, is how nice it looks and this phone does not disappoint, it has a beautiful industrial design and aesthetics, and just oozes beauty.  We use our phones so much that they have become an extension of us and the way it looks and feels in your hand is very important and the quality of the material is important and this phone does not let you down.  The finish and feel of the phone in my hand is phenomenal.  It's just one sexy looking device, and a nice welcome change from the typical plastic phone.  You can really tell that HTC focused on the looks and feel of this phone.From watching the HTC press conference when they phone was showcased it takes HTC 200 minutes to finish the chassis of the phone.  It is made from one solid piece of aluminum(except the front speakers, they are aluminum also but are snapped on) and when the insides are added the phone is sealed and they inject plastic between the cuts where they place the antenna so there is no issues with receiving any signal like other metal phones and like the iPhone use to have.  This also necessary so you can utilize NFC.  HTC calls this their zero gap construction which they state has not gaps between aluminum and the polymer of the body.  However there are some small gaps on the top and bottom where the speakers are put on, but not on the bottom.  I give them tons of credit, because this is the first Android phone that can finally match the build of the iPhone which I have always liked the looks of the iPhone but have never been a fan of iOS.The back of the phone has a nice curve and feels amazing in the hand.  It just fits perfectly and has a nice cool feel to the phone.  The back has a microphone that will help with noise cancellation.  HTC will not come out and say what the whole composition of the phone is, and I can't say that I blame them.  The One has absolutely not creaking or flexing which is quite nice.  My S3 and S2 would sometime creak because of the plastic but on the One they use such a high quality build material that you do not have to worry about it, which is a nice welcome feeling.  If HTC would have stopped there that would have been ok, but to make the phone even more beautiful they take a diamond drill to the sides and back corners to give the phone chamfered edges which makes this high end device really shine.On the front of the phone HTC has decided to go with 2 buttons instead of 3 like we see on most handsets or on screen buttons.  Some people will love it or hate it, but after a few days I have found no issues with it but it would have been nice to allow you to use the HTC logo at the bottom as another button such as the home button or even awaking the screen.  It appears to me that HTC really put in time and effort to make this device more user friendly and less confusing.  One of the things you always hear from the iPhone crowd is Android can be somewhat overwhelming even though it has the better software and definitely more customization than iOS and Windows.  It's obvious that they are targeting the iPhone crowd.  You can still do everything you need to with 2 buttons, for example you double tap the home button and the multitask comes up.  HTC eliminated the home button which is what Google likes.BATTERY LIFE:I have been using this phone for over a week and have not had any issues with battery life.  Since the phone uses a all aluminum body you can not switch the battery out.  Some may have an issues with this, I do not.  With my S3 I could switch the battery out but I never really did so.  HTC also has added a powersave mode which you can use to help keep battery life in check and I have used this setting and not noticed any drop in performance.  When you implement this mode you can customize it to fit your needs such as under clocking the CPU, dimming your screen, and stopping auto sync.  The CPU, display, and Auto sync will be the 3 of the biggest battery killers, so that is the setting I use when I implement it.  I also recommend using the slider to adjust your display because it is typically much higher than it needs to be.HTC went with a 2300 mAh battery, but it would have been a welcomed improvement if they would have went with a 2600 to 2800 mAh battery.  The new Samsung S4 has a 2600 mAh battery and from the reviews I have read they have almost the same battery life.  In some tests I've seen and ran the HTC One squeezed out an extra hr or so of use on WiFi for web browsing.  Of course there are numerous factors that determine this such as the number of apps your are running, what you have syncing and one of the biggest is how strong of a signal your phone is getting.  My house is located in a horrible coverage area for 3g and my S3 would suffer till I was able to get a Airave from Sprint which taps into my home WiFi creating a mini cell phone tower in my house and definitely has helped improve battery life.  Your phone constantly searching for 3g and/or a WiFi signal is a huge battery drain, so make sure you cut WiFi off when not in use.HTC has done a great job improving battery life with their updated Sense 5.  My original HTC Evo 4G had horrible battery life and could barely go 4 hrs before the phone would die.  You should be able to get 8+ hours of web browsing before you have to plug your phone in if your on WiFi, if your own 3g depending on your signal you will get around 6 hrs.  For cellular talk time you will get over 14 hrs which is the best I have seen other than the Droid Razr Maxx with it's massive battery.  Bottom line is you should be able to make it through the day before having to charge your device.I have heard from some HTC One users that it takes them about 3 1/2 to 4 hrs to charge their devices, but mine doesn't seem to take this long, however I normally don't have to plug my phone in till I go to bed.  I believe the reason for this is since the battery is not replaceable HTC wants to make sure the device will last for many many years, because if the battery should go out like some previous ones made by HTC this phone is not repairable because of the sealed aluminum body and they will pretty much have to send you a new device which could get pretty expensive.From what I've been told and read it takes about 3 hours to get to around 90% and the last 10% takes the additional hr to get to a full charge, but like I stated earlier, I typically don't have to plug my phone in till i'm ready for bed, so this has not been an issue for me.CAMERA:As I stated in the specs above, HTC decided to avoid the mega pixel war and shake some things up and went with a 4MP.  HTC seemed to do the opposite of Samsung which is throw everything in but the kitchen sink even though it might not be useful or quite ready for prime time and focus on 3 or 4 really great things that people use on a daily basis such as the camera.  Most people believe the higher the mega pixel the better the camera or picture will be and this is not true, unless you are taking your pictures and blowing them up to 20 ft.  What determines the quality of the picture is the sensor  and the sensor used by HTC allows 300% more light to come through allowing for the best pictures I have seen on a camera in low light and indoor situations which is where most pictures are taken.  HTC has decided to call this Ultrapixels.  Outside the pictures are good, but nowhere near as good as low light situations.  However there are tons of feature and settings you can tweak to improve this, and HTC knows about this and is currently rolling out an update for the International One over the next week, so it's only a matter of time before this hits the US market and from the before and after picks I have seen it is night and day better.The front camera is 2.1 mp.  I also found the video recording performance to be excellent also, and there are tons of tweaks HTC did with Zoe being the best one and and wonderfully implemented highlight reel.  Basically what Zoe is video plus still images.  It will record 3 seconds of video with 20 full resolution images taken in 1080P and starts before you hit the camera button and a little after you take the picture to make sure you get the right shot.  How many times have you went for the perfect pic of your child doing something to miss it, with Zoe, that will be much harder to do.DISPLAY:As stated in the specs this beauty boasts a 4.7" 1080p LCD display with the highest pixel density(PPI) I have seen at 468, which is higher than the Retina display on the iPhone 5 and the new Samsung S4.  This display has the highest contrast ration I have seen and an amazing brightness level for deep blacks and and bright whites.  One of the amazing things about this display is you will no longer struggle to use your phone outdoors as this display can get very bright, something my S3 struggled with and the S4 with it's much imporved AMOLED display sill struggles with.PROCESSOR:Snapdragon 600 is the best processor out for a phone right now and is the same one used in the Samsung Galaxy S4.  Qualcomm has made a 800 processor however, it will be a while before we see them in a phone in the US, even though there are several phones coming out in China that has this processor, but I feel it is overkill in a phone, and better suited for a Tablet.  The 600 also has an upgrade in the CPU cores from previous Snapdragon processor to a Krait 300 form a Krait 200 and Adreno 320 GPU.  From everything I have seen, this is a nice upgrade.  Without getting to complicated with numbers teh Krait 300 deals with memory bandwidth.  Qualcomm says a increase of 15% in CPU performance at the same frequency rate for the prior Krait.I ran several benchmark tests and the HTC One came out on top and went back and forth with the Samsung S4, sometimes the One would win, and sometimes the S4 would win.  I'm not posting numbers because they do not always translate to real world use.  I can tell you the One flies and can handle any task or game you throw at it.  It has 0 lag and is very fast and fluid.SOFTWARE:HTC One uses Sense 5 which is the best UI I have used on a phone outside of vanilla Android.  HTC did a great job and Sense 5 is a joy to use.  It's very polished and smooth and just looks elegant.  Compared to the Touch Wiz UI that Samsung uses which I find to be a little over the top and cartoonish.  Once again, you can tell that Sense 5 is a more polished software and looks great.  Once again, I get the feeling that HTC is going after the iPhone crowd, and nothing is wrong with that.  It's a joy to use.  With Sense 5 you no longer have the cartoony round edges and they have moved to a flat more modern style.  Their is a learning curve inside the launcher, but after playing with it, I believe you will be ok.One of the major changes in Sense 5 is BlinkFeed and is your main home screen, but can be moved.  Some people will not like it, but I do, and don't understand the hate I have seen on some web sites.  If you don't like it, don't use it, and you can even download another launcher such as Apex or Nova and not look back.  Would have been nice if HTC allowed you to delete it, but, it will always be there.  I have not noticed a drain on the battery because you can customize it to only update over WiFI and only on 3g when you update it. I find myself using it because we find ourselves living in a very fast paced world where we don't always have long amounts of time so instead of opening up one app for facebook and reading it, then oppening up twitter and reading that, they launching an app for the news or going into your web browser, BlinkFeed pulls all of it together in one easy to read location that is very customizable.  You can have it show your social feeds and news feeds, or just the main highlights, or say you just want news, you can do that too.HTC also included a IR blaster that doubles as the on/off button on the top left.  This is one of the few knocks I have on the device because it's flush with the top and can sometimes be difficult to hit and almost impossible if holding in one hand unless your a NBA basketball player.  I have gotten somewhat use to it now, but still sometimes go to find it on the side above the volume rocker and realize it's not there.  The IR blaster is a nice touch and allows you to control your TV, cable/Sat box and home entertainment system with your phone.  The set up is super easy and it walks you through the steps in minutes.  I have used it, and it's a nice touch.STORAGE:HTC One comes in 2 models, the 32GB and 64GB models with AT&T; currently having the exclusive for now on the 64GB model.  The HTC One does not have a spot for a microSD card which is not a big deal for me and Google wants to get away from them for security issues and to make it less confusing for non tech customers who might get confused where their songs are and pictures are stored. Since you can't add apps to your SDcard anyway it only serves a purpose for storing pictures, movies, and music, but with everyone moving to the cloud it's a non issue, but with 32GB you can store a bunch of entertaininent on your device if you choose to.  Another thing to keep in mind is that HTC allows USBOTG support, so you can attach a thumb drive and get more storage if you like, or just store stuff in the cloud.  I use my Nexus 7 for movie watching andstore everything on there.SPEAKERS:HTC still has their partnership with beatsaudio and it does have the branding on the back of the phone and does make a great improvement in sound quality.  HTC has put dual front stereo speakers on the front of the phone and the sound will blow you away.  You will no longer struggle to listen to music, playing games, watching movies, or the latest YouTube videos, and no more having to cup your hands on the back of the device to try and hear it.  This needs to be a staple of every phone from here on out and is a reason to buy this phone.  The One hands down has the best speakers on any cell phone on the market and more importantly it's not just loud, the clarity is there.  HTC calls this BoomSound and they work great on speakerphone also and no more missing phone calls because you couldn't hear your phone ringing.  The call quality is excellent on this device and I have no issues hearing anyone and everyone I spoke to said I came through crystal clear.  I also need to mention that this device comes with a wonderful pair of headphones.  They are not labeled beats, but they sure sound amazing.  The bass is really tight and the mids and highs come in very good.  Definately one of the better pair of earbuds I have received with a phone and if I walked into a store and paid $99 for them I would be happy with my purchase.SUMMARY:The HTC one is hands down the best phone I have ever owned or used and I highly recommend it.  I get asked all the time what phone am I using and people are in awe over the device when I show them.  HTC took a risk on this phone and I believe it paid off.  So many pros about this device from the amazing screen, front facing stereo speakers and all metal body in the perfect package and size that just fits in your hand so naturally and they managed to keep it light but not so light that it feels cheap.  It looks like and is a premium handset and the first Android phone that can challenge the iPhone for best looking phone.  Android always has better specs than the iPhone but now they have the body to match.

I bought this unlocked international HTC One from TechnoMaster and I'm extremely pleased! Phone is exactly as advertised.If you've been looking at this phone you'll see some complaints, but the issues are mostly about sellers not selling what they advertised.  The most common problem is either the phone is not really unlocked or it's not an international phone.I contacted 6 sellers; 2 never responded, 3 admitted it wasn't an international phone (It had either AT&T; or T-Mobile insignias). Please be aware that 4G/LTE speeds are NOT accessible for an international phone in the United States you'll only get 3G, but you'll get 4G in foreign countries.  To access 4G/LTE in the United States you'll need to get an AT&T; or T-Mobile HTC One.  TechnoMaster answered all my questions very quickly, so I bought the phone from them because of their outstanding customer service and even though I went with the slow shipping option - I got it in 2 days!One final comment, be careful when placing the order.  I added this phone to my cart from TechnoMaster's store front, but when I went to checkout I noticed Amazon switched the order to another seller.  I had 3 problems with this:#1. The seller they switched me too was one I never heard back from so I might have gotten a T-Mobile or AT&T; phone and not an international phone.#2. This other seller's phone was a few dollars more than TechnoMaster's, so I would've paid more!#3. And this to me is the most important; TechnoMaster offered outstanding customer service, but almost lost the sale due to Amazon switching the order on me if I hadn't been paying attention.I contacted Amazon about this and it took multiple emails to finally get an answer as to why this happened and it will take too long to explain here and I still do not agree with Amazon's explanation but understand it.  So, just be very carefully when ordering on Amazon and make sure you use reputable vendors like TechnoMaster.

This review will be in six sections: camera, sound quality, screen, ease of use, battery life, and look and feel.So, let's start with camera. Where to begin? Simply put, this camera with its Ultrapixel technology is one of the best smartphone cameras on the market for low lighting conditions. The 4MP Ultrapixel sensor can pick up more light than normal smartphone cameras, so the pictures will show up better in low lighting conditions. The same also goes for video; it's nice being able to take video where you can actually see something in places that are quite dark rather than having sound and pitch blackness.As for sound quality, the HTC Boomsound front facing speakers are awesome. I don't need to plug in headphones/speakers for clear sound anymore. These are the best built-in smartphone speakers on the market. The stereo sound is crisp and clear. The sound isn't tinny like other phones either; it is a rich sound with depth. It is quite useful for sharing YouTube videos with friends.The 1080p, 4.7 inch screen is absolutely amazing. You can look at it from pretty much any angle. Again, like the speakers, this is good for sharing content with friends from your phone. You don't need to have everyone looking at the phone straight on; anyone at any angle can see whatever picture or video you are showing off. The colors are very realistic as well, making it great for watching videos and such.Sense 5 has greatly simplified the Android experience. It is incredibly ease to use, and all the features have help screens when you first use them to help you get set up. It is very straight forward. Blinkfeed lets you get your news and social feeds right on your homescreen, which eliminates the need of going to the Play Store to get a news app. Sense TV walks you through setting up your home theater remote on your phone, and the interface is intuitive: tap the thumbnail of a TV program and it will show up on your TV screen. Even the camera interface is easy to use: switching from the front to the rear camera and vice-versa only requires a swipe on the screen.On battery life, the phone can easily last a day with moderate usage. This includes a lot of Whatsapp and Facebook usage, a few minutes of phone calls, maybe some light gaming while waiting for a bus or train, and an hour of music over Bluetooth headphones.The look and feel is the best. The build quality is solid, with the full aluminum body. It feels very premium, and the curved shape of the phone rests perfectly in the palm of your hand.Overall, the HTC One is the best smartphone you can get right now, and I highly recommend it

Cell phone is the most popular electronic device nowadays, there are more than 320 millions of cell phones in U.S, even more than the  population of U.S. How to choose a cell phone becomes a headache when people want to purchase a new one. Actually there are some criterion we can use for it, like hardware design and unique features ,battery life and camera performance . In my opinion, HTC One is the best cell phone so far because it perfectly match all the criterion .Hardware design and feature is one of the most important concerns of cell phone customer.  The excellent and beautiful design immediately caught people's eyes when HTC One  released to market.  As the same all-in-one style headset like before, beside the front side is aluminum material , this time polycarbonate use instead of metal to cover the other areas. This material lets you feel solid and makes the headset only weight 130g, which is much lighter than other non- plastic headset. It measuring 5.4 x 2.7 x 0.36 inches with a 4.7 inches LCD screen provide 1080p resolution, displays  a very good pixel that pretty satisfy most customer. HTC One has some unique features also are very attractive.  Like build in Beats Dre Audio  provides  wonderful music quality .New sense 4.0 software with blinkfeed feature can updates news and other information you want to  home screen. Some features like facelock and touch gestures may be barely used, but who is unhappy with that unique feature in your own powerful cell phone?Battery life  is the common problem of most Smartphone. To compare with its competitors in talk time, web browsing and video playback , HTC One is the best in web browsing  ,and in the other two are higher than the average. It just need to be charge after  48 hours even you have used total of three hours in web browsing, talking and video playing. In a certain extent, HTC one is definitely improved its battery life endurance by its Tegra 3  quad-cores technology.  We can say HTC One did a good job on battery life since every android phone have the same problem.Camera performance is now a very important part of a Smartphone.HTC One has 1.3 meg pixels front and  8 meg pixels camera , BSI back illuminated sensor and F/2.0,28mm wide-angle  aperture lens to capture 3 times more lights. At this time, HTC One combines its ImageChip  and the ImageSense function to make its lens, sensor,  and software more powerful and all perfectly work together.  HTC One has added  a  new feature to its camera  called Zoe. This feature will start shooting one second before you press the button and 2 seconds after you stop it, so you won't miss any scenes  you want to capture. In addition, HTC Zoe will automatically take three picture, generating and saving the 20 images and a ZOEVIDEO video file, finally showing as  GIF . There is no doubt HTC One's powerful camera feature is one of the best among so many Smartphone.It is not easy to pick  a Smartphone  from so many choices in market. but if you follow hardware design and unique features , battery life and cameraperformance  which are the three most important concerns of purchase criterion, you will find some amazing cell phone  that probably fix you. Obviously, HTC One is one of them.

Really is a nice product. My only concerns are about battery duration and low phone signal. All the other functionality are awesome.

this phone came from Sunset wireless. It was already used! I paid for brand new. It had an AT&T startup and scratches on the case. It was also missing the htc key to pop out the simcard slot and the beats headphones! Phone battery died after 3 days, HTC said it was refurbed not NEW! DO NOT BUY FROM SUNSET WIRELESS, they are scammers.

Not knowing the different models of  HTC, I thought M7 was the newest model.Nowhere did I see did I see written that it is not.The M8 is the newest model

Can someone help me? I bought 2 HTCs, one of them worked perfectly in Mexico and the other one which starts with a TIM screen does not work. The internet does not work. Whatsup works, but nothing else. My cel company says that the cell phone is not completely unlocked. I paid 600 usd... =(

Good phone! Like the look, build, display and certainly sound.Got it to gift my wife as she only likes HTC.Yes recommend it!

This phone is fantastic. I love the aluminum construction.  It feels tough. I can't stand plastic.  The 2 front facing speakers is just so common sense. And the pictures come out crisp and clear.  Probably the best Android phone out there.  BUY IT.

I was in love with the design, durability and features on this phone, however when I attempted to make a phone call, the sound quality was awful. I could not make out anything the person on the other end was saying. There was a lot of crackling and static, then the volume would automatically go up and down on its on without the ability to control it and the voices sounded very muffled. I had this occur with two of these devices last Friday when they came out. The managers (several) corroborated that the sound was awful and tried to call their rep at HTC. I called HTC myself and they blamed the problem on Sprint's network and told me to have Best Buy to swap out the SIM card and do a factory reset on the phone. This should not happen with a brand new phone and two devices at that. At times the speaker got real loud and you could not turn it down.  I did research that night and found a lot of reviews that day and it showed that many others were having the same problem and HTC told them the same thing. It could be a great phone if they would fix these issues but they are in denial and refused to address the issues. I really liked this phone and waited to upgrade for this phone and have now lost my upgrade eligibility and had to go back to an ledger phone. So very disappointed, especially since I played with it for an hour before buying (but couldn't make an outbound call with demo), researched it and had two of them that didn't work. HTC offered to repair the phone but only if they could reduplicate the problem, zi had to pay for shipping to them and it would take 14 days, but I wouldn't be able to get another phone with Best Buy after 15 days.

Was supposed to ship on Friday, and didn't ship until Monday. Then a two day delay with the carrier (USPS). Phone itself brand new and in great condition, except the instructions were in Spanish, and the phone was set for Spanish.

I love this phone! now after using for a month or so, all of my friends and families want this phone. OHH THE SEXYNESS OF THIS PHONE! Its so sexy that i dont want to even put a case on it.

Let me start by saying I love the design of the HTC One. It feels solid and looks great. The audio is fantastic. I love the operating system. However, none of that means a thing if your phone doesn't work half the time. After running into some very specific issues with both my original phone, and then seeing the exact same problems on a replacement HTC sent, and then seeing the same problems crop up for other users in internet forums, I figured it might be worth noting in a review here.So, first things first - are you an otterbox-loving, leave-the-phone-at-home-during-activities type of person? Do you think it's ridiculous that someone would strap a $500 piece of equipment to themselves while they jog or bike? If so, you can stop reading here, because these issues probably won't affect you.However, if you expect to use this phone in any active way, such as a) strapping the phone to your arm while jogging, b) placing it in a waterproof bag and bringing it on a kayak, or c) using it on a rainy day, based on my experience with two separate phones, here's what you can expect to see the second you get home and try to use it again -Issues with the charger - the phone will only charge when turned completely off, if you're lucky (or you may go a day or two without any charge)Issues with screen rotation sensor - all apps will open in landscape mode with no way to switch to portraitIssues with car mode - the phone may mysteriously enter car mode. Other apps may mysteriously open.Issues with sound - sound may not work unless you turned the phone on and off again.These issues will linger first for maybe a few hours. Not too bad, right? Then each subsequent time this happens it will last a little longer and a little longer until the device essentially isn't usable anymore. The only common denominator I could see (and others who have reported the same problem) is moisture. Not even &#34;getting the phone wet&#34;. Just something like prolonged contact against a semi-sweaty arm (gross!), or sitting inside a waterproof bag that has slight condensation. I've had a Samsung and a Nokia in the past and have done the exact same activities with those, and have never seen these issues until my HTC Ones.So grandma and the Otterbox crowd are going to love this phone, and I highly recommend it for them. If you, however, expect to take this everywhere you go, I'd suggest maybe giving one of those plasticy Samsungs a second look.

I really love it, it's a great smartphone and the aluminium makes it more attractive. Great specs and capabilities, its display is beatiful.

2012 was the year of the smartphone for 3 big companies: Apple, Samsung and Google. The iphone 5 was about the best looking phone ever made with a solid operating system and excellent support. The Galaxy 3 stole the spotlight with terrific commercials and a solid contender with Apple. And Google released the best phone, in my humble opinion, ever made until that point. The nexus 4 was and is cheap for just $300, receives upgrades from google directly, and is quite simply a stunner. Last year, however, the HTC One X was also released if you didn't know, and it was second best only to the Nexus 4. It had a terrific screen, great build quality even though it was plastic, and it was just a thin slab of sexiness that slid into your pocket easily with the best camera of all phones mentioned above. Yet, nobody knew about it.This year, it seems people are hearing about HTC, and Apple and Samsung will have to fight one more company to take the spot of best smartphone. In my view they failed last year as google offered a phone that was for the first time the best mobile experience ever put on the palms of your hands.This year, the HTC One has taken that place from google. The HTC One is quite simply stunning in and out. First thing I did was put an invisible shield to prevent any scratches and keep its metal body ever intact (something I do to all my phones since I don't use a case, and more importantly, I never drop these guys).Design:Google took the experience from apple, but apple kept the design hat. This year HTC takes the design to a whole new level. No phone ever looked this good. It's just the right amount of heavy to make it solid, the right amount of curvature to sit on the palm of your hand, and the right amount of beauty and industrial design. The word Stunning can't be used enough here. The speakers are obviously for audio, but they simply add to the art in a way no other phone has done before. It's a work of industrial art that puts every iPhone model to shame.Experience:Matches the iPhone point by point and offers MORE. Home screens, Facebook integration, widgets, and a whole new home screen where you get news and all of your social information in one place. For those of you who use flipboard heavily as I do, it's the same great interface to give you just the right amount of news whenever you need it. As a news junkie, it's ever appreciated. If you don't need it, just ignore it to the side. But it doesn't hurt to have Facebook set up so you can easily see what's happening in your social circles. Within 1 minute of set up, I had close to 52GB of music available to stream and save from google play music (a free service BTW on every android phone), within 10 minutes I paid my bill at Duane Read using the phone as a wallet, and within 30 minutes I had taken the best shot I have ever taken with a mobile phone.The user interface for those who don't know is Sense. Sense 5? Maybe? It's fast, capable of handling widgets as well as google's unadulterated vanilla android on the Nexus 4, and is quite simple. But don't mistake that for a lack of options like the iPhone's simplicity. It is still android and all the options are there. It outdoes Samsung's touchwiz, and apple's outdated IOS which is obviously the same interface from 2007. I like this as much as the vanilla android on the nexus 4, and like it even more due to blinkfeed. The only thing I miss is the ability to add lockscreen apps, but that's coming soon (we hope).A good part of the user experience is UPDATES. Apple and google own this sector with outstanding updates. Google more so since their updates are actually useful. HTC plainly sucks. Here is hoping they will update the heck out of this phone, and force carriers, especially ATT to push out updates. Don't let this be another htc one x where we wait 7 months for a released update. If not, support carrier versions and push out updates themselves. Give me a link and let me download and install updates without my carrier. Or is that contractually not possible?Screen:Best screen on any phone. 1080P. It rules them all, and outdoes the HTC One X from last year. This is the whole phone experience, and having this kind of a screen just makes the phone a pleasure to use. Comparing this screen with the iPhone 5 just shows how much apple needs a larger screen more than ever. It is simply impossible for me to use my iphone after using the HTC One as you feel absolutely constrained when reading webpages, looking at pictures, etc. Puts last year's Samsung S3 to shame. It's quite a stark difference.Camera:The camera here is a fantastic shooter. Don't be alarmed at the 4MP factor. The images have terrific resolution, excellent color, and fantastic low light resolution. What worries most buyers is the detail presence  due to 4MP, and if you're planning to print out huge posters, then this is not the camera to be used. If you want memories, at any time of the day, recorded with great clarity, then this camera offers the best balance between light resolution and detail possible right now (in a smartphone that is), especially if you have an active night life. The resolution and clarity of night pictures is just, again, Stunning.Speakers:I wasn't as blown away by the speakers as others were. They are the loudest speakers of any phone or tablet I've tried most certainly, but I'm waiting for the day when the backside of a phone will be a massive speaker that truly reproduces music similar to a stand alone speaker. But just for the advance in speaker and sound quality, this is another move in the right direction, much like the camera.Sound quality:The iPhone 4 and Nexus 4 to date have the best sound quality of any phone I've ever used (I hear the International S3 has a Wolfson Dac, but I never had the chance of trying it out, so no comments). The HTC One sounds quite similar to the IPhone 4 in sound quality and that is a great factor for audio aficionados. The HTC beats enhancement just doesn't cut it for me, so I installed my own EQ app to adjust as I pleased, and the sound is just the sweet spot of clarity and dynamic range. Capable of driving over the ear AudioTechnicas M50 very well. These are all subjective remarks, hopefully someone will be doing some actual measurements on the HTC One soon. But these remarks should put some people at ease. This phone is not google's nexus 7 tablet with its terrible, anemic sound quality. No need to worry about that here.Battery:Big enough for a day of work, but fails in comparison the upcoming S4 and Motorolla's droid razor max hd. It will provide enough juice to power through 13 hours of work. A full charge the night before, plus stand by and a whole day of work totals about 20 hours of continuous use. Install juice protector and enjoy your battery last longer.Conclusion:Outdoes every phone released in 2012 by a mile. Sexy, stunning design matched by a beautiful streamlined interface. It's perhaps corny to say this, since it's overly used, but this is the BEST phone I have ever used. I don't think apple will match it this year with the same design iPhone 5s that seems hollow and fragile when compared to the HTC One, and same old icon interface. Much the same, Samsung apears to have followed Apple's lead and released an S4 that deserves the title S3s, since it's more of a continuation of a well established brand. But the same cheap build quality continues in a trade off for removable battery and micro SD. Something Blackberry seems to have managed in a better fashion. Their phone accomplishes the same with a better build quality. The only company that seems to be hiding the game is google, and theirs may be the contender with the HTC One for title of best smartphone of 2013.The HTC One is missing a removable battery and a micro SD slot which they make up for by charging you $199 under contract for 32GB, instead of apple's outrageous $299. In my view, it doesn't detract from the experience one bit, just like it didn't from the Nexus 4. I feel quite comfortable using the HTC One as my only phone and have already passed most of my devices forward with the exception of the Nexus 4. And depending on google's move, if they don't include LTE this year, the Htc One will be the only phone I'll be using all year long. And gladly so. What a phone.

I bought this phone for my Mom and I  must say that I love this device. The features are amazing and this phone is super fast-- there is no lag whatsoever.

Hi. I'm from Santiago, Chile, here HTC hardly known, and since I change from my old Nokia E-71, I've only had HTC phones: HTC Desire Z (QWERTY), HTC One X and now the HTC New OneThere are many detailed and very complete reviews about HTC One on this page. I want to tell you from a less technical standpoint, how happy and satisfied I am with the HTC OneMy review is about the level of satisfaction I have had with this phone.First of all, I admire the design they achieved with this model is very elegant and makes a big difference when compared to other phones. The feeling to take is you have a phone with hardware or pieces of truth, much durability. You feel Immediately away from that feeling of toy phone from Samsung.That's why I chose HTC One, because they tried to do things differently, and among so overcrowded Apple and Samsung, HTC One feels like &#34;the one different&#34;.I think HTC Sense is excellent, the integrated display blogs, which initially comes preconfigured with social networks (deleted them), make me to uninstall the application &#34;Flipboard&#34;, and it was one of my favorites, because now all the information is there, in one of the screens, but also change it from than the main screen.The sound! is so different from what we have heard before in any cell, it is heard loud, the volume is far greater reaching the HTC One X, not losing the sound quality and bass and treble impressive for a phone. I only would like to adjust the &#34;low&#34; volume, which is very not very low for the night where everything is quiet and when my wife sleeps.The photo camera is very good, do not think it worthwhile to clarify whether they are more or less megapixels if the final image is very good.My hobby is photography  and if you want professional photos go for a Canon or Nikon DLSR.Its video quality is even better. It's a pleasure to see how capture in High Definition with no lags.Recently came to news that this phone will have a Google Edition, but I think I prefer HTC Sense by far, before you expect to have a faster operating system upgrade. I think HTC has even here a great debt to the time of update between OS versionsThanks HTC for having come to an end product so well made and so different from others!!A HTC Fan.

Ask me what I don't like about it... Nothing!!! Camera could be better but otherwise a great buy!! ! !

The phone came really quick and I was unaware that it was an AT&t phone but that made it  even better when I seen the phone was brand spanking new and its great

I purchased this phone to replace my broken T Mobile phone.  I had gone through their customer service department only to receive two phones that were faulty.  I received this phone in excellent condition and with very fast shipping.  I had a slight problem with converting the messaging from AT&T to T Mobile but that was no fault of the seller.  I would highly recommend the phone and this seller!

I upgraded to this from an HTC Desire Z. Absolute improvement. I love the looks, i love the screen, i love it is fast, and the sound is great. As on every phone i've been finding personal pet peeves but in general i'm very happy with it. I purchase it it to use it outside the US and the signal is perfect and internet data works perfectly as well. I will never go for a Galaxy S4 or iPhone 5 instead of this.

Product Arrived well in time and was truly unlocked,currently using it in Kenya,the only thing that was missing was the screen protector,but all the same its working and so far so good!

This is the best phone I have owned by far. For those planning to use it in Mexico, the 4G LTE works great with Telcel.

Great cell phone... astonishing aluminium body... perfectly cut. Blazing fast processor... awesome screen resolution. Couldn't ask for a coolest phone... buy it!!!

I can say it's amazing ...fast,strong,very good camera,sound....premier design,screen display is great, no regrets on this purchase.The One realy feels goog in your hand...

So it was delivered by Fedex 2nd day delivery option for absolutely free. The service is very good as well as the smartphone also. So I bought this phone to my friend as a present who tired  from Samsung Galaxy. So the camera and display are very sharp and the apps are very useful. Easy to use phone. The most thing that I liked is the design. It looks like iphone 5. The battery lasts longer then prevuose models. Very convenient to use. I would recommend it and give 5 points. Thnks!

My concern was if the phone works internationally, and here in Brazil it worked fine, besides that technically speaking the phone is amazing.

This phone is phenomenal! The build quality trumps any phone I have ever held! I was an apple guy for 4 years, and it makes my old iPhone look like an Atari. The beauty of Android is that you can customize the phones interface. If you don't like sense or blink feed, all you have have to do is download apex or nova launcher for 5 bucks and you can customize the one how you please to do so. I didn't care much for blink feed so I made my own customizable interface with no problems! Highly recommend this phone over any phone on the market! The screen outshines the retina display and the S4, not to mention the beats front facing speakers are remarkable, I listen to this bad boy while I'm in the shower it's so loud! HTC HIT A HOME RUN! It's like holding my sig Sauer 1911 compared to a BB gun! I admit at first, I was annoyed with android because apple was so simple, now I realize that is a good thing! The phone comes with cool look-alike Dre headphones that some people mistake for the real thing. Even though they are not the Dre headphones they still bump better that the new iPhone ear buds. Happy networking friends!

Love the phone, however, it had too many pictures and videos saved in it.  They should have been removed before selling, took me a while removing all of them.  I deifinitely recommend this phone.

Just thought I would leave a review, letting others know that you are supposed to leave a review based on the product and not the seller. This phone has only been relased in very limited markets, so the price is still high. Get over it. If you don't like the price, don't buy it. But don't go and leave a crappy review because you don't want to pay the price.

The quality and texture of the device is way better than I expected.everyting is smooth as silk, speed, quality, sound.now my gf wants one too!

great Job

This is a great phone with amazing display and beautiful design.I am impressed with the overall performance and quality of the built.

They advertise the international version.  Which would mean the European or Asian version normally but could honestly, being bought in the US, refer to any version from OUTside the US, heck even the Canadian one.  No, it's the US version.  For 150 dollars more than buying it directly from HTC would cost.  I wanted the LTE bands from the international version.  I would have loved the Asian version but the European would have been okay.  But no, I get stuck with an overpriced US version which gets updates WAAAY later than the other ones and doesn't have the  LTE I want.  Like I said, the seller's a rat.

i love this style~it's a really cool cellphone i always use HTC, my next one is G11, long time ago~this is not so big for girls.

The item met all my expectations.

I got one for a week it came opened and already in 4.4 kitkat.Charge hole came with use marks.I choose to pay more 70U$ (what is too much for me) because I got it from amazon(not other amazon sellers)And seems a used phone..

HTC One may be one of the better devices out there, if you have a problem with your device, God help you. My boss's phone has been acting up lately and since it is still under warranty, I called to have it replaced and was told I'd have to send it in for repairs and wait up to 10 business days without a replacement! I couldn't believe it but this will have to be one reason HTC market share continues to drop in spite of the quality of the device. No chance I will ever buy from HTC as long as it keeps this practice in place.

Excellent all. Perfect delivery service and the perfect phone. Thanks

I sold my GS4 with 2 weeks after I but and got this one. This is a excellent phone I ever seen.Good luck HTC.

After spending just over a month with the HTC One, I have to say that I am highly impressed.This is a solid phone that feels great in my hand. The machined aluminum body feels like premium hardware, not a light weight toy.I expected an adjustment period for the new technology that is present on the device such as Blinkfeed, and Zoe; but what I found was an easy transition to full immersion.The entire Sense UI has an entirely different feel than previous versions, yet somehow maintains a sense of familiarity. HTC made a bold move by deleting one of the standard 3 buttons found on all other Android devices. After a day with the phone, it is second nature to use the 2 button layout.I wasn't sure I would use Blinkfeed, and now, I can't see how I lived with out it. I love that I am immediately updated on all of my news and social feeds just by hitting the power button. And I can quickly update Facebook or Twitter right from BlinkFeed without opening an app, or leaving the page!Call quality on the ONE is outstanding, even in noisy settings.The screen of this phone is so crisp and vivid, this is the one feature that is immediately noticeable when you turn it on, and something that many people comment on.I love watching videos on it, with the front facing dual surround speakers with BoomSound technology, the experience is fully engaging and bold.The pictures taken with the 4mp Ultrapixel camera are extremely vivid and detailed. The colors are accurate, and in low light situations, not a detail is missed.The battery has performed better than my HTC OneX by about 20%. I am averaging about 7-8 hours of moderately heavy usage before getting to about 10 percent battery. I can't complain about that at all. This is a smart phone, it is doing a lot, and I do not expect the battery to last an entire day, but I wish technology allowed more power while keeping the thin form.My overall experience with this phone is pure pleasure. I can not find one thing to complain about."

Basically there are two good things about this phone.  The battery life is good and the screen is excellent.  However, if you have the slightest interest in taking photos of a quality higher then crap, don't buy this phone.  It has the worst cell phone camera of any modern smartphone in the past decade.  Their ultrapixel claims are nonsense.  Yes, each one captures more light BUT THERE ARE LESS OF THEM.  So the overall amount of light captured isn't much different than a 13 mpixel phone.  And nothing can make up for the complete lack of detail in the photos due to the abysmal 5 Mpixeal sensor.  I replaced my HTC Rezound, which had an 8 Mpixel camera with this dud and wish I had not fallen for the ultrapixel nonsense.  This HTC Ones photos aren't even half as nice as what I could take with the Rezound.  Sure, they look fine on the phone screen but look at them on your computer screen and they are just fuzzy as all heck.  Even on the phone screen, as soon as you zoom in on them you see the terrible resolution.  In closing, if you have the slightest interest in the quality of the photos' you take, run away from this phone.

The phone is amazingthe sound is great, the battery is pretty fine (as like any other smartphone, i needed to charge the phone every night but after massive usage on the day)the most outstanding thing in this phone is the speakers by sure, the sound from the speakers is amazing - very important for me,the camera is great, high quality pictures!i love it

I love it just in the beginning I had a issue with the SIM  card I  did not know that phone need Micro SIM. Asking some friends how I can do my SIM small or I have to buy another one but youtube helped me lol

I've been an iPhone user since 2009.  I also have two Mac computers, and the seamless integration with music, apps, and other data syncing is unbeatable.  However, I was interested in an Android-based device because I felt I could handle the extra power that comes with not being chained to Apple's safety net.I chose the HTC One primarily because of it's all-metal body.  As an iPhone veteran, switching to a plastic phone would be tough, but the HTC One fit the bill perfectly.  The design is flawless, and once you hold it in yoru hand, you feel like you are holding a truly substantial device.  The dual front-facing stereo speakers were incredible.  The NFC was awesome with Google Wallet, making paying without using cards a fun (and lower-risk) experience.  Plus, the built-in infrared remote (inside the power button) and accompanying remote control app was just too handy.  The screen was bright, full of color, and looked great from all angles.  There seemed to be ample processing power, as I never had any issues with lag or latency on any application I used.However, after the newness wore off, I began to miss my Apple ecosystem, and eventually decided to return the HTC One and re-activate my old iPhone.  I still really liked the HTC One's hardware, but the seemless integration with my Apple products was more important to me.Big picture: the HTC One is a stunning piece of equipment that I highly recommend to any Android user or first-time smartphone user.  A veteran iOS user might have a touch time with the switch, though.

Had it a couple weeks now...its pretty awesome...cool stuff with the pics..phone is quite powerful in terms of processing...easy to use...overall I would definitely recommend..ps sound quality is great...headphones sold with it not so great

Got this phone a few months ago, and I'm still loving it. I got the M7 after the M8 came out, and I still think this is the best looking phone out there (also the m8 can be too big for people with small hands). I had a Galaxy S3, which I liked, but I felt like making a change and the M7 is fantastic.It runs waaaay smoother than my GS3 did, the screen is crazy sharp (though the colors aren't quite as vibrant as a Samsung) and I think HTC's interface is pretty solid. A bunch of people get annoyed by BlinkFeed but personally I like it. Biggest highlight of the HTC One: you might not need them, but I love the Boomsound speakers. Way better than any phone's speakers besides M8. HTC gets that right for sure.The only part I wasn't too happy with was the main camera's performance in the daytime (it washes out bright colors quite often) but the low light shots are fantastic and the front facing camera is great.Overall: love the phone. Great piece of hardware that avoids frustrating problems I've had with other phones. Plus, it's gorgeous, and you'll find that a bunch of friends will ask about it because it's still (relative to other popular phones) a hidden gem

Love the phone. It meets all my needs.And it takes great pictures and videos. And the sound and speakers are awesome. Just plain love this phone.

I got this phone thru Cincinnati Bell, the phone was good but not great, it would tell me it's raining when it was sunny. Turn off when I did not want it to. And after three months the screen goes out. I had to pay for the phone to shipback to HTC for repairs. I had to pay for a special box to ship it out 39.00 fedex express. ( there was no marks on my phone) from the time i got my phone it went into a otterbox) I got my phone back ( in a padded envelope ) it came back with scratches all over a dent in the corner and the back case not staying on. after charging my phone it worked for 2 hours and then it would go into a system crash. phone went back 2nd time, came back 10 days latter " CANT DUPLICATE YOUR ISSUE " duplicate this YFAH HTC!! anyway come to find out the top button is broken in someway. when I put the otterbox case on it puts pressure on the button or case and causes a system crash. HTC SAY TO BAD FOR YOU, buy a new PHONE!!! this frikin thing was 499 and three months old and youtell me to buy a new phone!! GFY HTC, will go to the dark side and get an IPHONE. Thanks for the Rant and be warned

On this and other phones I checked all the reviews and was convinced that the HTC One was the best phone out there, and having it and using it has convinced me I was right..

this phone is very wonderful

This is my first android device, switched over from apple and really appreciate the level of customization available on the driod OS. It came with 4.2 jelly bean and there was no control center where u can easily access the phone settings such as wifi, bluetooth, brightness etc. The 4.3 update is out and it addressed this issue, so for new buyers please update ur phone asap.Coming from apple i chose the HTC one mainly because of its quality design unlike samsung devices. I really liked how it looked and felt in the hands. However when i started to use it, only then i realized its biggest fault, "THE POWER BUTTON". I have big hands and its really frustrating to reach and press to unlock the phone without using two hands!!! Coming from an iphone where i could have locked/unlocked the device from either to home button or power button really makes u appreciate the finer qualities on apple devices. Good news is that htc recognized the flaw and corrected it with the htc max the super sized htc one that has the power button at the side where its definitely easier to press!Battery Life sucks too, keep a charger with u if ur a heavy user.The camera is descent.The screen is amazing a little saturated but its great.This phone is fast, no lag at all.The front facing speaker are clear and the sound is high quality, could be louder.I really like the notification LED, one of the best features.The sense version of android is great love it, hoping for the 5.5 update sometime in the future.

It is the best phone I've ever gotten. I don't know why amazon is selling it for such a high price when you can get the unlocked straight from htc.com with a much cheaper price.This phone is gorgeous in every aspect. BlinkFeed is so much more useful than I imagined it to be (actually thought it was a gimmick before getting it). I just love this phone too much to not recommend it.

Researched well for this purchase. I am happy I got what I wanted. A few issues upgrading to Android 4.4 ob T-mobile and had to buy AT&T sim to succeed.

This transaction only received three stars because the phone arrived not as described.  It was stated to be in like new condition with only a few scratches on the back of the phone.  It was also said that the screen was completely scratch free and just like new.  The phone was scratched on all sides and edges.  The screen, while in pretty good shape, did have some scratches.  Now for the good.  The estimated delivery date was the 12th and I received it on the 8th.  So I can say that shipping and delivery was wonderful.  Other than the product being less than described it is fine.  Phone should not have been stated to be in like new condition.  It should have been described as acceptable or good.

This is clocked phone . It can't open back case . And it can't connect to data!I paid 700 hundreds dollars get  a garbage!

I ordered for a htc one 32 gb unlocked smartphone and what i got was htc ultimate 16gb. the seller should display exactly what he is selling so avoid delays,lowering expectations and confusing the public. I most definitely will not consider buying again from this seller!

DO NOT buy this, it is not genuine, it is NOT HTC One, it is a Chinese product. I changed my older review, i thought it was a authentic HTC one until 6 local HTC stores confirmed it is not.

the phone is amazing. Great camera, great screen, great build and great performance. One problem I have with this phone is there are tiny gaps in the construction of the phone. Its very annoying to see them on this beautiful phone.

If I find it very well take into account the consumer, if I accept the gift If I find it very well take into account the consumer, if I accept the gift

Amazing phone for a great price. I bought this in June last year and I have to say that it does not make me regret to dump iphone. Awesome screen resolution, very fast processor, great speakers and most important great battery life and you can charge the phone quicker than other phone in the market. Its sturdy too and I actually dropped 2-3 times and had no problems at all. Go for it, if you are tired of iphone and want to switch to Android. This phone would be the closest to an iphone and if you want a iphone clone or a better one than iphone then you should get this.

The phone looks nice and the features are good ( Camera, audio, design...) but the battery is a failure. My battery does not keep the charge more than a few hours. If you want to change the battery you must be a technicien, it is quite complicated. So only one star for this reason

Excellent product, the best phone I could have ever bought. I received complete my order and without any trouble. Completely satisfied.

it is a good phone runs fast you were fast with the delivery i'm glad and saticfied thank youu all about this product but with the samsung you dissapoint me !!!!!!!!!!!

It is a great product, my son loves his phone. Fast, better than the regular phones the local stores had!!

I came to this phone having previously owned a Samsung Galaxy S3 (which broke, hence my need for a replacement). I narrowed my choice down to either the HTC One or the Samsung Galaxy S4.As much as I liked the look of the HTC One, I was unnerved by some factors, although let me tell you: now that I have my hands on the HTC One, those fears were totally unfounded.Firstly, battery life. It's fine, certainly no worse than any other phone I've used, namely my S3. As for the lack of a replacement battery, how often do you do that!? I actually had a spare battery for my S3, and I used it...once. So really, I just don't see this as an issue. It lasts through a day no problem (unless of course you are watching videos on it all day, but then what would you expect!)Secondly, the camera. Now here I was a bit worried: 4MP!? But let me assure you that it is more than good enough for a camera on a phone. I take a fair few pictures, normally of spontaneous events or friends hanging out. If I'm on holiday somewhere spectacular I would take a proper dedicated camera with me, after all, if you use a phone as your main camera, you will run the battery flat in no time! What's more, the low light camera is fantastic. And when I really think about it, I am usually taking pictures inside, in "low light" and this is perfect for that. In good lighting conditions I'd liken the camera quality to be slightly better than the camera on the latest iPad, so really quite good for a device you carry around in your pocket, and that does so much more than just take pictures.Thirdly, the build quality. Is it really as good as the reviews make out? Answer: a resounding yes. When you hold if for the first time, it is a breathtaking moment (depending on how into phones you are!). Any one who has glanced at an iPhone 5 with a pang of jealously as to the sleek, modern, sexy design, let me tell you, this is the phone for you. It feels brilliant in the hand, and feels truly luxury. And for those worrying about the extra weight over plastic? Let me tell you, it's just not an issue- it doesn't feel heavy, it feels well made. Very well made.Blinkfeed is not my cup of tea, but it's certainly not annoying, and from time to time it is useful, and although maybe not being a brilliant thing for me (I don't really care what half my facebook "friends" are saying), it is certainly not a bad thing, and for the right, social media oriented person, this will surely be an excellent feature.The rest of the phone is as advertised: The sound is amazing, the greatest benefit of this is the superior phone call quality, and in particular, the great speaker phone experience. It is finally not a trade off between call quality and convenience when I decide to use speaker phone. The screen is jaw droppingly beautiful, the colours are true to life and just look so much classier than my Galaxy S3 ever did.All in all then, this phone is simply the best phone I have ever owned. It has it all. Yes, it would be nice if the camera was a tad better, but really, that is not a problem. I am truly relieved that I trusted my gut and opted for this phone over the S4. If you get this, you will not be disappointed. You have to keep hold of a phone for a long time these days, and I for one will never get bored of seeing and holding this phone, as I very quickly did with my S3.

HTC One is the BEST cell phone! This was the phone I originally wanted when I first went to purchase a smartphone. I liked the way it looked. I liked the size and the way it felt in my hand.... everything! I loved the silver color. But, that is NOTHING compared to the great sound this puts out! And the pictures are fantastic! This phone is superior to ANY iphone! SERIOUSLY!!! It is my FIRST CHOICE over ALL of them! And it will probably be my ONLY choice! I have not been disappointed in this purchase at all. It is one great phone! I highly recommend the HTC One. And they make the HTC One MAX for those who want something between a phone and a notebook, if you like watching movies on your phone, that is. I think this one is big enough, and I use a cordless ear piece to talk, so that I don't have to hold the phone. That makes it even better! I can't say enough about this phone. If you want a great cell phone that has a long battery life and lasts all day (even if you talk a lot), I highly recommend this phone!

What I want is 4G LTE not 3G as it shown after putting my sim, nobody uses 3G anymore I'm highly disappointed

I have this phone through t mobile. I brought it because of its cool silver design, thinness, screen size and feel. the pixels are very small, extremely high screen resolution, the highest I've ever seen. pictures and games are clean and clear. It also takes pictures extremely well.my only complaint is that it costs over $600.00 (20/monthly with my plan). I don't see why it costs so much. its doesn't time travel or take you through space! really! it does'nt do anything for me that warrants over half a thousand dollars. its very pleasing to the eye but is that worth so much?

Its a good phone which almost has great looks like the iphone and its on android!!! the camera and sound is great

I got this phone two weeks ago to set up with my existing T-Mobile account. The SIM card I was using in my previous phone (a Nexus One, using a mini-SIM) was too large to fit in this One (which requires a micro-SIM), but the folks at the local T-Mobile store quickly set me up with a new, smaller SIM card for free. Once the new card was inserted, the phone was immediately ready to go.Fortunately, I had already transferred over my contacts and settings before they replaced my SIM card, which I recommend doing if you're not just able to switch the card over directly. The transfer process between the phones was simple enough; most of the basic information was easily transferred by HTC's dedicated website (which may not work as well if you're not transferring between two HTC phones), although I did have to move some media files over manually via USB.The phone is fast. The battery will last you for a day with moderately heavy use; if you're not using it for much but have a data connection operating you'll probably get two days out of it.Sound volume and quality are good, and the vibration function is quiet, but still strong enough that I always notice it on my belt clip, which hasn't always been the case with previous phones.The HTC-custom-installed software (i.e., "bloatware") is unnecessary and difficult to remove, but can be mostly avoided by customizing various settings.This is certainly the nicest phone I've ever used, and I've yet to come across anything I want it to be able to to that it hasn't been able to easily handle.

Been a Iphone 3GS user so this is a Big Big upgrade. Maybe if your a Iphone 4 user you won't experience the same as I Did. I always like to use the  camera on my phone and i know tell you the amazing quality of the photos it can shoot on the HTC ONE. It is just so beautiful!!Decent amount of battery usage of course this vary from each person. I don't play games maybe use for facebook,twitter,texting and as a mp3 player.Of course this is unlock you can use with ATT or Tmobile.32GB is alot of storage!The screen is just very beautiful!Makes you drool.The clarity on the speakers which are located on the front Top and Bottom. Makes you feel like your actually their listening live.Yup.Definitely worth checking out.The only thing i don't like is how the camera is placed on a place same level with phone, which makes it really easy to scratch.Other than that it works really perfect for me, not too big not too small. Fits in my hand perfectly.

Yeah, screen looks great, but it's too long and narrow for my taste.Yeah, the phone sounds great, but I don't spend a lot of time listening to my phone through the internal speaker. I use a bluetooth connection to my car and home stereos. When I'm not carrying my phone, it's sitting somewhere face down to protect the screen. Those speakers blast straight down into whatever surface my phone is sitting on and then they're wasted. When I do listen to the phone speakers, I want to point the speakers up to enjoy the enhanced sound, which leaves the screen dangerously exposed.I don't like the navigation buttons on this phone. Back button and home button only. Google is phasing out the hardware menu button, and this phone doesn't have one, but most apps are still written for older versions of android and don't have the 3-dot software menu built into them. So with the HTC One what you get is a black bar across the bottom of your screen with the 3-dot menu button that wastes screen space while you're running and IN one of those apps. This drives me insane. Technically this is not HTC's fault. They're in compliance with Google's requirements. When I look at that stupid black bar, I don't care whose fault it is. I hate it.The build quality is excellent. The phone is really pretty. But I am a dedicated case user, so the pretty aluminum is wasted on me. There's no exernal sd slot, and the bloated Sense interface wastes precious space. There's no user swappable battery. I don't mind this so much in my $349 Nexus 4, but for $600 I want a card slot. I'd trade the aluminum for an sd card and battery access.More handset makers are turning out these hobbled handsets that push us to rely on the cloud for media and force us to change phones when the batteries start to go. Phone data is expensive, and it's capped. I want the freedom to do what I want, and that's why I chose Android to begin with. I want an sd card with videos on it. I want 10GB of music without having to stream it over my data plan. It's getting where only Samsung makes phones that will let me do it. I am selling my HTC One and returning to my Nexus 4. Maybe I'll take the $$ from selling the HTC One and put it toward a second-hand S4.I still give 4 stars, because this is a nice handset that works well. It's just not my flavor.

I bought this phone and it was really perfect. The hardware was superb and no hideous angles. The only major problem that I have here is the purple tint issue. It happens when you try to shoot on dark areas where light is not abundant. Many people who bought this phone also experience it too.

This seller selling broken or repaired phones as new, I paid for the new phone ,but I got broken phone with changed body and screen doesn't work. And they didn't answer me

Its a really good phone. I am used to the HTC Aria and this felt large for my hands but I got used to it in about 24 hours. The keyboard is particularly spacious as compared to the HTC Aria that I have used previously. My only complaint is that the battery doesn't generally last me more than 36 hours which is about 30+ hours of stand-by and 5-6 hours of surfing the web, email and mostly pandora type applications.Will I recommend it to others? Absolutely! Hope the battery life improves since I cannot replace the battery myself!!

I am going to tell you this is the second review I wrote online off of the hundreds of internet items I have purchased. I have had this phone for 8 months, and the battery life and performance still exceed my expectations. What warrents this review is that I was cleaning my tub that was filled full of bleach. I had this phone with a flimsy cover in it in my sweat shirt pocket, and as I was leaning over scrubbing it fell out into the tub, I pulled it out and dried it off still worked. Nothing visably ruined or damagef. About two weeks later I was on my balcony taking a self portrait picture of my dogs on timer, the phone fell off onto stairs below, still worked perfect. I use this in the mountains and in my hot tub still working. Great phone.

What can I say I love this phone, no regrets so far. Had an i phone 3 before and i would not go back to any i phone again, they are over rated in my opinion.

I began following the HTC since it was first getting leaked that HTC was staging a comeback, and the HTC One was going to be their flagship device. I'm someone that always likes to jump on board with the latest and greatest and so I tried out the HTC One shortly after it came out. Despite my initial excitement and some positive aspects to the device and the software, I ultimately ended up returning it. I've tried to highlight the pros and cons below that led to my decision.Pros- Fantastic build quality: This is what an Android phone should be built like and it just feels fantastic to the touch. High quality materials all around - save for a few bands of plastic for the cellular and Wifi radios. Holding this in 1 hand and the SGS4 in the other makes it readily apparent which company went the extra mile to build something that feels solid in the hand.- Excellent screen: The color reproduction is by far the more accurate out of the recent crop of android devices on the market. I regularly use a color-calibration device on my computer monitors, so I pay particular attention to this. The unit I specifically got has a slight red-shift, but nothing that impairs the overall quality. It's definitely got more accurate color reproduction than the Samsung Galaxy S4, but some people might like the "richer" more saturated look that the SGS4 provides. Viewing angles are only about okay, but not a big issue for me since I'm the only one that uses this. The 1080p Resolution makes everything crisp and easy to read.- Above-average low-light performance: This phone overall does a better job than most other competitors in terms of low-light performance. I wish I could say it stands above the rest, but Nokia takes top honors in low-light and in terms of mixed lighting scenarios I still think the SGS4 is still a step up. See the cons for more information.- Good camera software: The Zoes feature is pretty cool and is a great way to create little clips or pick out the best image of the lot. It's easy to share and integrates well with existing social networks. It's one of the unique software features HTC offers, and is definitely one of the fun highlights that most people I show really enjoy playing with. I just wish it came with a dedicated camera button to make taking pictures a bit easier.- Great built-in speakers: The speakers that are built into the phone sound pretty solid if you're holding the phone in the standard portrait mode. It's great for sharing something with a friend when you're in a more public area and most phone speakers give out. Don't expect miracles from phone speakers, but as far as phone speakers go they are a step above the rest. The beats software also does some great synthesizer work when you plug in your headphones, though it's more suitable for current pop and hip-hop music than for other genres.- Blinkfeed: Blinkfeed sort of integrates all of the news you care about into one convenient sliding panel. I tried it for a bit, and while it's convenient I also feel it was reducing my battery performance (no evidence of this), so I simply chose to ignore it. It's a great option for those of you that want to pull in information from all of your favorite sites into one area. I don't think there is a way to remove blinkfeed entirely, you can only choose to ignore it like I did. Still work trying out though!- Includes IR integration: This means the HTC can connect and control your TV, which is pretty handy when you can't find the remote. It's pretty basic in terms of the controls you get, but it works well in a pinch.- Solid wifi performance: I have a Asus AC-1750 802.11ac router and tested speeds on file transfers and media playback with the HTC One and it came through with flying colors. I was easily able to transfer a 1080p MKV movie file of around a few gigs in size in minute or 2. It's not as quick as the external 802.11ac adapters I have, but excellent for a phone.Cons- The metal build of this phone means that if it gets dropped it will definitely show some serious battle-scars, paint chipping, and dents. The SGS4, though plastic, does have durability going for it. It's a shame to feel like you have to invest in a case since it's such a good looking device, but I just don't feel safe about using this phone outside without one because it's so easy for someone to bump you accidentally and for this phone to get thrashed. The metal also means this thing heats up quite a bit when you're doing things like watching movies/tv or playing a game.- Camera is just not that great overall: The camera integrates what HTC is calling ultra-pixels, which are basically a smaller number of bigger pixels to capture more light. While this is a fine solution to capture more light and give you better low-light performance, it's not the best choice for when you do have plenty of light or even moderate light. Frankly, I just didn't think the images were that great, and the lack of zoom while working with them on your desktop becomes readily apparent - especially if you like to crop your shots after taking them like I do. I personally think Nokia's implementation of using a ridiculously large megapixel sensor and combining multiple pixels to oversample is the better solution. Take a look at the new Nokia 1020 sample images and compare to see for yourself. If I had to buy a Android phone today and wanted the best overall camera - my nod goes to the SGS4.- Average battery life: While the capacity seems decent for a phone, because of the higher resolution and larger screen I've been seeing very average to poor battery life results. I've used it mainly on my daily commute, which involves listening to Pandora to and from work, checking gmail very regularly throughout the day, and using the calendar and GPS functions frequently. I do watch a tv show during the afternoon sometimes if I'm on the go, and make about a hour or 2 worth of phone calls a day. Put simply, I've bought a external battery pack and a spare charger with me everyday that I had this phone because if I wanted to go out after work I could not trust the HTC One to make it through. Every HTC device I've tried has had middling battery life, from the HTC Sensation to the HTC One X. It seems HTC hasn't changed much here, and it's a shame because the battery is sealed in, so I'm not at all confident about battery degradation over time.- No expandable storage: The 32gb that's built into this phone, with a fair amount used up for the HTC software, just isn't enough for power users. I load on a good deal of my own music and I used to just swap out movies and tv shows onto a microSD card slot to take on the go (thanks to data caps ruining the fun of streaming them on the go). I think 32gb will be fine for most people, but not having the option to expand like the SGS4 or Sony models just puts HTC one step below.- Still some lag: This phone has some really fast internals, and does indeed run very smoothly most of the time. Unfortunately, there are still those moments of slow-down and lag that have plagued Android handsets for a while that I at least still notice. This isn't going to be a 100% smooth experience, but it's not enough to severely impact the daily use of this phone. Just wanted to mention that it still is there for those of you that care.- Poor button placement: The power button is along the top part of the phone because it's integrated with the IR blaster, meaning it can be pretty hard to reach for those with smaller hands. Moreover, HTC decided to break the Android standard and include only the back and home button with a big non-functional htc logo in the middle. I can't tell you how many times I've pushed the logo expecting to go home, and this is something my friends have done too when playing with the phone. It's just a poor design decision.Ultimately for me the most important aspects of a phone are camera performance, screen quality, and battery life. In terms of camera-performance the HTC One is just not as good as the competition, and I cannot recommend buying it for the ultra-pixel (4MP) camera when there are better options available today and coming out soon. Screen quality on this phone is probably the best you can get in nearly all regards. And the battery-life is just something that on day-1 isn't good enough for me on what I consider moderate usage. Overall, if I had to own this phone for a few years, I wouldn't feel too happy about it. While the screen quality will hold up over time, the camera performance is already behind the competition and the battery life will only get worse as the battery degrades over time. I'm glad HTC is staging a comeback and this is a great first-step, but it's still got some work to do before I can recommend their devices for long-term ownership and satisfaction.

It is the best telephone that and had in my life, the service was very rapid and efficient thank you very much

My friends reccomended that i purchae this phone andso far it is proving to be a great phone..... Taking photos. ...the qulity is great.... I would recommend this phone to all. ...It's Number One in my books

A great service and a great device! Thank you for your one of a kind treatment! I love my new phone! :)

I'm going to start my review off with a disclaimer. I've used this phone as my daily driver for about 7 days.Call quality- I didn't have a single problem with people hearing me or me hearing people. Everything came clear and crisp on the other end even when there was noise in the background.Build quality- If your looking for a premium feel just buy the HTC one. Nothing honestly feels better in the hand and is as good as the HTC one when it comes down to build quality.Sound- BoomSound is great. Makes my music and video so loud. Sometimes even too loud. It won't replace a speaker but it's still a great speaker on a phone.Display- Coming from a 480p display to a 1080p display is breathtaking. The text and images look so clear! With a screen like this you can see just about every pixel.Camera- I've never been much of a camera person myself. But I have to give HTC props because I actually want to take pictures with this camera. They come out clear and with the added features makes this camera a must have.Speed- The speed on this phone is just smooth. Everything is smooth. The only lag I've come across was using a desktop page and it only lagged a little. Opening and closing apps is great and any game you play runs super smooth.Battery- People may complain about the battery life being bad but there are many battery saving options built into the phone already and with the added 4.3 update. I was easily able to get 19hours of up time and even more. I was able to even get through two full days. But this is from my experience and I would conserve battery very well.Overall- If your dying for an upgrade don't look further get an HTC one. But if you can wait a bit wait for the next flagship from HTC or even try to get the HTC butteryfly s which is also a great phone.

Best smartphone i have bought really good quality, the pictures are great, has the best sound and is really good. the shipping was fast excellent service by amazon.com

I'm very happy with this phone, just amazing, I really recommend it!

I am not a tech savvy and can't comment much on the software of the this phone. However, the hardware itself is like no other. I can not compare it with iphone 5 or samsung galaxy  S4 as it's wayyyyy much more beautiful than they are. This phone is a work of art and it"s a master piece. It"s sleek but solid. It's beautiful, it's gorgeous, and it's like no other.  I was never a fan of HTC but this one is hmm, hmm, hmm. Before buying it, I went to AT&T store and compared it with the samsung galaxy S4 and S3, there I fell in love with the phone and decided to get one. It's an expensive phone when buying it unlocked and paying the full price, so I decided to order it from HTC.COM  in order to be able to return it without question if I changed my mind. Well, when I received it, I knew there was no going back. The feeling of holding it in my hand is just different. I love it and I'm enjoying it. I just  ordered some cases for it from amazon. I advise all who are wondering about this phone to order it from htc and give it a try. You will all love it.

The HTC One phone is quite sleek, lightweight and handy. This is a great smart phone by any standards. BUY!

The sleek design, screen resolution,among others make it a must get.I think it should still have a memory card slot for additional storage.Met my expectation.

Great build quality, amazing uisince the phone is unlocked, there is no bloatware and updates come faster than usual. I am very pleased with this purchase

Great phone, battery amezing, faster...and lot of hidden good thing..bests audio great sound..face scan unlock over all best phone I have ever carry

I made a mistake of buying a HTC One out of haste.  I only researched the positive and didn't realize that this model has a camera issue low light.  It still works but it has a purple and red tint to the picture,so you basically can't use it.  Google "purple tint HTC One" and see for yourself how many other people have this problem.  I am selling mine only after 1 month.  Can't believe HTC would sell their flagship product with this known issue.  I'll never buy another HTC

Switched from Samsung because I was just bored....Like everything else....Some things better and some things not as good.  This is a very nice phone. I am generally very happy with it...Not sure why, but just think it is a better phone for me than Samsung. I know that does not help folks make the choice but it does indicate you should CONSIDER both brands.

I have been using this since July and so far it just amazes me. I have not used a lot of smartphones but have been around people with S3's and iphones. I was a big fan of Samsung (used infuse) but the way they hog up the phone with features made me go for a simpler phone. I got the HTC one 32 GB and couldn't be happier. It performs very well. The battery is just amazing . I am on the phone listening to music atleast 2 hours a day and I am on calls atleast 2 hours. I leave the wifi on all the time and use bluetooth when I drive. I can confidently say there is no other phone out there that can hold up the battery this well. If I am thrifty and turn off my wifi when Im not using it it even goes on for two days without charging and I have to charge my the next day evening. Sure HTC doesn't have the eye sensor that would keep the screen from shutting down, like samsung does and I am sure it's a very handy feature. I do sometimes get annoyed when I am reading something and screen goes off but I would be much more annoyed to charge my phone every five hours like the samsung's have to be. So yeah! this might not have as many android features as samsung does but it definitely performs much better and delivers more than what it says it will.

Best purchase ever!, everything in this phone is top quality. It just feels greatDon't hesitate in getting this device.

Bought this phone after my Lumia 900 died after only 1 year of its life. The reason for choosing this phone was: I don't want iPhone but I want a reliable and hi-end cell.So, here are quick pros and cons:Pros:- runs pretty fast and smooth (play games, watch videos etc)- nice battery life (at leat in the beginning)- great quality of the screen (best ppi among all smartphones now)- good Android version + support- great ergonomics- nice hardware inside- proper balance between big screen without being too huge- design: phone looks just fine! =)Cons:- screen got scratched within 1st month- aluminium case also got scratched very quickly

I was not in US, than I bought it and sent to my boss hotel, it arrived in the agreed date, I am very happy with the mobile

This phone was totally brand new looking you would never guess it was refurbished.  It came with a charger plug in and computer cord, plus earphones.  I put in my straight talk micro ship so now I have service with unlimited talk text and web for 45.00 a month and i didn't pay for price for the phone.  This is awesome.

HTC dot com sells the unlocked version for $599 minus a $25 Google play card. With shipping it comes close to $580 for a brand new ONE, factory unlocked and one full year warranty in your name.

With a beautiful aluminum unibody, the HTC One is easily one of the most advanced high end phones in the market.Yes I agree to thisn A screen that streams all of your favorite content, a photo gallery that comes to life, and dual frontal stereo speakers. This 4G LTE-enabled smartphone runs Android 4.1 (Jelly Bean), which combines with HTC Sense to create an amazing mobile experience that's been re-imagined from the ground up.The HTC One comes with a  a brilliant 4.7-inch Full HD 1080p display that resists scratches and reduces glare. It's powered by a 1.7 GHz quad-core processor, and it's packed with 32 GB of storage and 2 GB of RAM for excellent multitasking.Easily one of the best camera and video canmeras in the market today.Great BuyGreat buy.

I ordered this HTC One from GSM Universe and on the plus side I did receive it promptly. After only approximately 10 minutes the phone would not receive service and begun shutting itself off and turning back on. No matter what I did the phone continued to do this until the battery finally died. I chose to order from GSM Universe because they had such high ratings and now I am curious as to why. I requested the required information to return the phone several days ago and have gotten no reply. I have always been skeptical about buying used electronics online and this has only confirmed my concerns. I will not be ordering any products from this  seller again.

PLease verify with seller before buying anything: (if product is original and from U.S.)1. Has no setup process in place when i first got it, when  turning it on it went straight to phone menu.2. keyboard + setting are in chinese + apps that come with it.....its not US original system.3. Camara is blury and has no &#34;ZOE&#34; features4. Sound quality is poor and cracks5. No &#34;blinkfeed&#34; in home screen6. Packaging was poor and bubble wrap which original does not come like that.NOTE: after contacting seller for a solution to this: seller said that they sell only original phones and gets them from  a chinese manufacturer thus the same that makes the ones for other HTC retailers etc.....and says i can send it back if i am unsatisfied........which is clear that he's selling clone phones.....doesn't want to admit it.

Love the phone because of its userfriendliness and powerful hardware under the hood. I will definitely recommend this product. The thing I mostly like was the Zoe capability of the phone.

**Design and Build Quality**If you've ever held, used or read a single review about any of Samsung's devices you are probably acutely aware of their reputation for building "cheap feeling" devices.  All have the same plasticy build quality that gets complained about by every reviewer out there.  Regardless of this "cheap" feel, consumers have voted with their wallets that they don't care about that.  Despite Samsung going that route (and being successful with it), HTC has taken the high road with the HTC.  I'll just say this up front; the HTC One has the best fit and finish of any Android phone I have seen to date.  It clearly draws some design inspiration from the iPhone 5, but doesn't come off as a total knock off.The HTC One features build quality that is second to none.The One measures in at 137.4 x 68.2 x 9.3mm.  At just a touch over 9mm thick, the One feels fantastic in the hand.  The domed back and tapered edges give it the feel of a phone even slimmer than the dimensions elude to.  I would make the comparison that as far as shape goes, it is vaguely like that of the HTC Evo 4G (aka Supersonic).  It would be as if the Evo had gone on a huge diet and gotten all dressed up in new aluminum duds.  On the top left, you have the power button, which doubles as an IR blaster, to the right you have a 3.5mm audio jack, on the right side you've got the volume rocker, micro USB port on bottom, and finally the micro-sim card slot is present on the left side of the phone.Speaking of alumnium duds, the One's body was built from a single piece of machined aluminum, giving it that amazing build quality I had only just written about.  The entire body is aluminum, save for a few accent pieces of plastic around the edge and on the back.  If I had to guess, I would assume that that had to do with antenna and signal issues in all aluminum phones (antennagate anyone?), so you don't have to worry about HTC's CEO Peter Chou telling you that you're holding your phone wrong.**Software**Every Android enthusiast you talk to regarding the Android interface usually has a pretty strong opinion on it.  You've got your purists, who swear on the holy Google bible that stock Android UI is the only choice, and you've got everyone else who might prefer a 3rd party overlay.  This includes HTC's own Sense UI (currently in version 5), Samsung's Touchwiz, Motorola's (formerly named) Blur, and other less noteworthy modified Android interfaces.  In this case, the HTC One comes with the brand new Sense with Blinkfeed built on top of the somewhat dated Android 4.1.2.  Blinkfeed has taken over the much admired HTC Clock/Weather widget of old and replaced it with a feed that aggregates your preferred news from various media outlets, your social media feeds from things like Facebook and Twitter, and even what's on TV (more on that later).  The content scrolls vertically as you swipe up on the screen and will continue to load older content as you go down.  One thing that I felt compelled to change immediately was the default layout of the app drawer, which comes from the factory set to a 3 x 4 icon grid, which I changed to 4 x 5, as there seemed to be a very large amount of empty space between icons in the default setting.HTC saw fit to equip the One with an Infrared blaster, which allows the user to control their home entertainment devices all without the use of their remote control.  Using the pre-installed and unimaginatively named "TV" app, I was able to program the One to take control over my Sony surround sound receiver, my Samsung TV, and my Dish Network receiver.  Setup was a snap as the software holds your hand through the whole process.  The software will ask you what television provider you subscribe to and what zipcode you live in, allowing it to show you the appropriate programming, then it asks you to choose the manufacturer of TV and receiver (if any) that you have.  Once you're all set up, the app shows you recommended programming based on your tastes, but you are also able to see a full channel guide if you choose to browse that way.  You also have access to a virtual remote control to manipulate all the functions of your TV and receivers.  I can't say I watch much TV, but couch potatoes will no doubt find use for this functionality.  At the very least, people can have fun messing with their friends who have similar setups in their homes.**Display and Camera**First, let's talk about this wonderful 4.7&#8243; 1080p, Super LCD3 display.  Well, there isn't much to say other than the fact that it is an absolute joy to look at.  It produces the absolute sharpest images of any phone I've used, and it's not surprising given that it boasts a whopping 468 pixels per inch (or PPI), which stands above other flagship devices like the iPhone 5 (326 PPI) and the Galaxy S4 (441 PPI).  Blacks are deep, color is well saturated and feels as though it reproduces color better than Samsung displays, though the One's screen appears less vibrant by comparison.  This is largely a matter of preference.Now, the much talked about so-called UltraPixel camera.  HTC is taking a pretty big risk with this one.  The UltraPixel camera utilizes a 4 megapixel sensor.  Having worked in the wireless industry in the past, I can say with a certain amount of authority that average users who are interested in camera quality always ask how many megapixels the camera in a phone is and use that sole metric as a means of judging quality.  Therein lies the problem.  People have this urge to be able to judge many things in the most over simplistic manner possible.  In the case of the digital camera, they go to pixel count.  Now, back to the One and it's 4 megapixel camera; there is no doubt it my mind that some customers who are not savvy with digital camera technology will be turned away by this single number if they aren't educated accordingly.The primary emphasis with this new take on smartphone cameras is the ability to take usable photos even in low light situations where the average smartphone camera sensor would not be able to capture enough light to get a shot.  First, the One has an f/2.0 lens, which at this time is the largest aperture size in a camera phone today (the iPhone 5 has an f/2.4, the Lumia 920 by Nokia sports an f/2.0, and the Galaxy S4 an f/2.2).  The lower the number, the larger the aperture, which allows the most light to be captured on the camera's sensor.  Next, we have the 4.0 megapixel sensor.  The biggest trick the camera industry ever played on people was that more megapixels equals a sharper and higher quality image.  In reality, this isn't really true.  People believe that a low pixel count won't allow them to print large physical photos, but a 4 megapixel sensor would have no trouble producing an image suitable for printing an 810, and is definitely of a high enough quality for the more typical use of sharing via social media.  The question you might have is "why HTC go backward and go from their usual 8MP cameras down to a 4MP camera?"; the answer is pretty straightforward.  The CMOS sensors in virtually all smartphone today have been the same physical size, despite the ever increasing number of megapixels.  The next crop of "top-of-the-line" smartphone cameras will be coming with 13MP sensors, which would make them 1.1 micron pixels.  The One's new camera and its 4MP camera has 2.0 micron pixel size.  What this translates to is much larger pixels which are able to capture substantially more light than their nearly half sized counterparts.The Zoe feature, to put it simply is the combination of short videos and roughly 20 still photos.  Together, they allow the user to very easily "retouch" their photos as well as product videos known as "highlights".  First, imaging that situation we've all been in where we are trying to take a group photo and in one shot, there is one person who blinked.  The next shot, someone else wasn't smiling.  The next, someone looked away.  Well, the beauty of the Zoe, is that which a single "shot", the camera will have captured so many images, that you can easily choose from all the expressions each person had on their face while only editing a single photo.  It's as simple entering retouch mode, then tapping the face of the person you want to "fix" and cycle to the desired expression.  Rinse and repeat for any other members of the photo that may have less-than-optimal looks on their face at the time the shot was taken.In addition to taking a slew of stills, I also mentioned that the camera was taking short MP4 videos.  The One will automatically create "highlights" based on time and location data of "events".  These videos are produced on the fly without any use input if you prefer it to and are accompanied by music and filters to add emphasis.  The beauty is that the videos are "cut" to the rhythm of the music; the One's software does an excellent job producing some very cool videos with zero interaction by the user other than taking pictures as usual.  The video embedded below is a demo of the camera software being given by an HTC representative and does a great job of explaining all the cool features.**Power Consumption**The non-removable 2300 mah lithium polymer battery in the HTC One isn't exactly the largest battery in a smartphone today.  For light to moderate usage, a casual user will have no problems making it through a typical day.  Heavier users would do well to bring an extra charger with them to work or school, as the HTC One managed to run itself completely dry after about 8 hours of my usage on some days where I was watching videos, playing music, some casual app usage and browsing the web.  None of this is particularly surprising given the size of the One's display and the power of the quad core processor within it.  Still, it does leave something to be desired for those who like to be able to get through a full day without refueling after heavy use.**Audio and Boomsound**The HTC One proudly displays the Beats Audio logo as all recent top tier HTC phones have in recent time.  This is the first time where I believe a real effort has been made to improve the audio quality produced by a phone.  First and foremost, the One is equipped with stereo front facing speakers.  This eliminates the common technique employed by smartphone users who are used to cupping their hands around the back of their handset to direct the sound toward the user.  This alone with even a single speaker would have made me a happy camper as far as audio is concerned.  The fact that their are two of them is simply icing on the cake.  The Beats Audio software is essentially a dynamic equalizer which serves this phone well.  In previous versions of HTC's Android software, Beats Audio only activated when using the pre-installed music player.  The One activated the Beats software while I streamed video over YouTube, Pandora, and the built in music apps.  Switching Beats on and off did produce a noticeable difference, with particular emphasis being placed on lower frequencies.  Finally, the speakers on the One do an excellent job of avoiding the all-to-common tinny sound that nearly every other smartphone and tablet produces.**Performance**The Qualcomm 600 quad-core processor clocked at 1.7 ghz  is definitely a cutting edge processor.  In my benchmarks, it seemed to only be bested by the Galaxy S4.  Scoring extremely well and above the majority of it's competitors in Quadrant, Linpack, and Antutu.  Its pretty safe to say that there isn't an app in the Play Store today that could bring this phone to it's knees.  The One also finally joins the ranks of smartphones equipped with 2GB of DDR3 RAM versus the once standard amount of 1GB.  There was literally zero visible slowdown as I navigated through Blinkfeed, different homescreens, and between apps.  Even the most performance hungry enthusiast will have no complaints about abilities of the HTC One.Quadrant - 12376Antutu - 23762Linpack Single Thread - 261MFLOPSLinpack Multi Thread - 680MFLOPS**Summary**The HTC One represents the cream of the Android crop, and despite a few minor flaws, I have no qualms with labeling it the best smartphone on the market today. My biggest fear is that despite this being an excellent device, HTC's best efforts may go largely unnoticed by the general population. Will consumers be able to turn their attention away from the Galaxy S4 and Samsung's massive marketing efforts?**Pros**-First class build quality and style-Cutting edge performance (Doesn't mean much these days, with how fast we are moving forward)-Innovative software features-Excellent camera performance, especially in low-light-Beats Audio and front facing speakers!**Cons**-Middling battery life-No expandable storage-Blinkfeed UI may not be everyone's cup of teaFor screen captures of software and camera quality samples see the Review @ [...]Also:  I have purchased this case (and it is fantastic):Poetic Atmosphere Case for HTC One M7 Clear/Gray (Update Version)(3 Year Manufacturer Warranty From Poetic)

Awesome phone but have some limitations. Excellent build quality with super fast processing. Like the audio quality and the camera (Zoe) features. No complaint with non removal battery and no-SD slot at all. But after using 2 months, in my opinion it is missing some of the very basic features that should be included. Before this phone I was using a Nokia N8. So what I'm missing in this phone are: no inbuilt profile manager, file manager, not able to set increasing alarm sound, cant connect HTC sync manager using Bluetooth :(. I'm not a power user and I think these are very basic but mast have features for a flagship phone like HTC One. I cant give more that 3.5 star rating for this phone.

It has been a very wonderful experience so far. I knew the phone was good but I never expected it would be this excellent. It's the best phone I've ever used. I would have given it a 5star rating but for the battery that's not so wonderful

Very very very smooth and great phone!

I love my new htc one nice camera exelent screen and 4g conectivity fast and no lagging phone i like it

My husband has the phone and he hasn't made a complain since he received it....we both love it....exceeds my expectation

I changed from a windows to this HTC One unlocked phone. Very simple process other than I had to manually input all of my numbers because the windows phone has no way to import the contacts into the simcard. However, I have had this phone for less than a week and can say I have fallen in love with it. I have seen many complain about the blink feed, but I actually prefer this on my phone. I get all of my news on the front screen. However, if you don't like it you can make your app screen your home screen. I leave it on the blink feed because I prefer it. The phone is fast, connects to wifi and offers LTE. It moves data very quickly and is like having a computer in my hand. I wouldn't leave home without this phone. In comparison to my old phone (Windows Nokia 810) this HTC One blows it out of the water. I am highly satisfied and would buy this phone over and over again.

I buy the product on december. When I use it in Peru I couldn't use it because it was only available for AT&T.; I bring it to Claro and Movistar and the told me that I had to unlock it buying a code from internet. That cost me $ 25 bucks more. After that I still having many problems with the phone.I'm going to put a refund of that item, I'm very angry because It was a Christmas gift!!!

I love my phone. It's got a high quality front & back camera, the beats audio is awesome, the resolution is stunning, and the phone itself is  just great. I'm not to good with describing technology but i do use it enough to know that this is better than any other phone i've owned.

From the speakers to the IR blaster's TV program to good low-light photography this phone is extremely good.Search for Anandtech's HTC One review. Anandtech goes into EXTREME detail- far better than I could do here. There's a reason it won Anandtech's first ever award of ANY kind for a smartphone. (This site started around over a decade ago reviewing motherboards.)

they are horrible they sold me a phone that doesn't work when i tried to return it they wont agree to even change it for me. Im stuck with a phone that doesn't work.

awsome phone i was gonna order a Gs4 but it was $200 more than the htc one and boy am i glad this phone beats the Gs4 my best friend has a Gs4 and my phone beats his by a mile now he wants one

The hardware is top notch. The software hover, not so much. This was my first attempt at trying to switch to android from iOS. Android has come a long way since the Google G1. It still has much farther to go. Just browsing the interface felt sluggish at times. For example, scrolling in google chrome felt choppy and not smooth at all. From what I read this is from a problem in how Android handles it touch response vs how fast the graphics processor acknowledges it needs to react. In other words scrolling looks and feels jerky. There are two email clients pre-loaded as well as two browsers. While choice in what apps you can use is a good thing I do not think any of these apps provide a good user experience. The software simply did not live up to the hardware in my opinion. I went back to iOS. Your mileage may vary.

Very good phone, the screen is very beautiful. But have to say the battery is its biggest problem. If you simply use, you can barely use two days. If you play the game, the battery will soon no electricity. A backup battery is required.

Everything is great but it had a few scratches and dents on the sides of the phone. It was unlocked and in the original box. I wpuld defenotely purchase from this seller again

This seemed like a great phone when I first got it. I bought the unlocked version through, I thought, HTC, but when I called HTC for a problem with the phone, I was told it came from HTC - Shop America, not HTC. After downloading a software update my Bluetooth stopped working and my signal deteriorated. I called customer support and after over an hour trying to help me unsuccessfully reset the phone, I was told they would have to &#34;escalate the problem&#34; and someone would contact me within 7-10 days. After 12 days hearing nothing and phone functions getting worse, I called back. I was placed on hold for over 20 minutes and then told there was a record of my previous call but no record that the agent had escalated the problem. The agent I spoke with, Robin, said they would have to start over. The other option would be to go to their Developer Website and try to fix the problem myself. She also informed my that ALL their unlocked phones are &#34;developed Editions&#34; not fully supported by HTC and not fully functional depending on your carrier. She said that my phone would only be 2G on T-Mobile! She said that I could send it in (at my expense) and they would &#34;look at it.&#34; When I said that I couldn't afford to be without a phone for a week or more, she suggested that a borrow a phone from a friend or relative, or see if T-Mobile would loan me one (fat chance). Long story short - As long as it works it's a decent phone with great speakers and OK cameras, but if you run into a problem, good luck getting help from HTC unless you have purchased your phone through one of the major carriers or the carrier versions.

The camera can't focus.I have tried everything but no luck, it seams there is an issue with sensor.I am so upset because it is not so easy to return this phone.

Very Comfortable ,while using the mobile...,The Reuters and the news were very helpful, Google reminds about the updates ...We can access any stuff we want from this Mobile..

This is for the AT&T; version. No differences really between the international expeept for the unlocked bands and depending if it's the developers edition, the unlocked bootloader.First off, I am a phone junkie. I switch phones very often and most of the devices I've owned from HTC has been the original TMobile G1, G2, Droid Incredible, AT&T; One X and One X+. I love Android but been open to other OSes from Apple, Windows and even Blackberries. Android is more suited for my personality and I love the ease of customizations without jailbreaking my iphone and so forth.Design:This is going to be the first thing that you are attracted to. The aluminum zero gap is absolutely stunning and sturdy. There's nothing like it. My wife has an iphone 5 and it has nothing on the HTC One. My previous best design would go to the White One X (white polycarbonate gets extremely dirty) and this HTC One is leaps and bounds above that and makes it feels very premium, as every smartphone considering they costs much more than anything much larger than them.Screen and Sound:The next you notice would be the screen and sound, which right off the bat you can tell is much better than anything you've ever used because 1). It's facing you and 2). Stereo sound. Listen to music when you get the chance and you'll hear the difference. After the phone fully boots up, you notice how crisp and clear the screen is. The average smartphone user may find it difficult to distinguish between 720p and 1080p. Do we really need 1080p? No, I personally think 720p was fine but I'm not complaining. Really have to see in person to admire.Sense 5 and Blinkfeed:Sense 5 is finally at that point where I can say it's beautiful. Its not stock Android (Jellybean) pretty but it doesn't look dated like it did on Sense 4 (which I hated but lived with). It's looks modern.Blinkfeed, people are comparing it to Windows Phone tiles which I think is a bad comparison. It's more like Flipboard. If you used Flipboard, you'll feel at home. I personally like it. I am a wallpaper junkie as well and change my wallpaper often. WIth Blinkfeed being my main page, I don't really change my wallpaper often because I don't see it as much. I have 2 pages, Blinkfeed and another one for my mainly used apps. Thats it. Hopefully HTC puts out an update where we can manage our own feeds except for the one that's preloaded.Camera:HTC One uses a new 4mp (Ultrapixel) camera. I am not a professional photographer but I do take pictures of my kids. A lot of them. The One X had the best camera on a smartphone for 2012 (Had an S3 and Lumia 920) so I didn't expect anything less from HTC. Megapixel count means nothing to me. Zoe is also and also an awesome feature that I use often and the Video Highlight feature is really great. A life "trailer" if I may that does it beautifully with no effort on my part. It takes everything from a given event and makes a 30 second video. You have to see it to understand.Battery:The HTC One house a 2300 mAh battery. Not much of an upgrade from the One X+ (2100 mAh). When I first started using the HTC One, I was able to get a full day out of it. I use to get 13-15hrs before it hits at least 10% with regular usage (Pulse app, Gmail, Texting all day, music streaming and camera uses). Then I read an article on the power saver feature (which I rarely used on the One X+) and it says it we can actually benefit more by leaving it on instead of only when in situations that calls for it. So I gave it a shot and I must say. It is awesome. I can actually get close to a full day with at least 2 hours on screen time before needing to charge.Etc...The IR blaster is a wonderful feature that I use often to control my tv and (i lost the remote to my home theater) and now I can turn the volume up or down without getting up. There are some flaws though, I cant program my volume up and down for my tv on the phone. It doesn't work for some reason but it's not a biggie.The placement of the IR blaster/power/sleep button is weird but you'll get use to it. It's like brushing your teeth with your right hand until you damage it. You have to learn to brush with your other left. It's not normal but eventually you'll adjust.The capacitive buttons are now just back and home. I wished it had all 3 buttons because I hate how some apps have that menu bar which takes up space it really doesn't need to on the screen. I used Android when it had 4 (menu, search, back and home) and then they have you get use to (back, home, and recent) with HTC giving you the option on Sense 4 to use the recent key (when long press) to be the menu. HTC, PLEASE, give us an update to bring this minor feature back. (I don't want to root my phone and wait for a dev to implement this feature).Throwing in earbuds with the phone is a nice plus. Better than average I must say and they actually fit in my ear. Thanks!!!Almost a week now and I am absolutely in love with this phone. I don't even want to use a case but I know I am going to have to down the line since I can be clumsy.Push updates out in a timely manner and I'm hoping 6 months down the line, I don't see an HTC One+.

This phone is really nice. Its a lot lighter than i thought it would be. The build quality is excellent and the beats audio is absolutely amazing! The phone itself is pretty fast and no glitches or slowdowns at all. The problem is had with this phone was shipping and being scammed. The first time ordered this phone, i received a metal bar inside the phone package with a bunch of newspapers and note cards stuffed in. I was very disappointed. I contacted amazon almost instantly and they were very kind enough to refund my money within 1 hour! I love amazon. Other than that i ordered my phone again and it was 1 day late which isn't a big deal but i wasn't too happy about it. Other than that this phone is a beast.

I brought this phone as a new one..but noticed few things that i need to write &agrave; review ...  seal of th&eacute; box has been broken and noticed &agrave; scratch on th&eacute; back  cover . seems to be &agrave; used phone.. i didn't get &agrave; chance to return th&eacute; phone as i was travelling back to india..really disappointed with th&eacute; purchase

My HTC One was sold by &#34;Masterdeals&#34; and came as a new (unopened) phone, but I faced something that I never expected 2 days ago when I contacted HTC USA support since I could not update my phone to Android 4.4. The phone I have had Spanish region software in it although it was advertised as a US unlocked device. Now, I am stuck with a phone that does not have US software in it, so the fate for the next upgrades are totally unknown. If I want to get the updates, then I have to void my warranty and change the ROM and root my device, which I definitely dont want before my warranty ends. Therefore, please AVOID this seller for any cost. I never thought that I would face with this kind of thing with a legitimate purchase from Amazon.com.

Well I got this phone after much thought.  I had been waiting to get the Galaxy s4 but decided to give the HTC one a shot.  To be honest I really like this phone, great features, great screen, but then after on ly a few uses issues stared to pop up.  So after trying to figure out the issues myself I contacted HTC and After following all of thier tips, I am still having issues.  I even called in and was walked thru a variety of steps to test my HTC one.  After walking me thru all steps I was even told by your own HTC tech that this was an Obvious HARDWARE ISSUE.  There are a bunch of problems and they only seem to be getting worse.  The Speakers sound terrible, the screen has obvious issues, there is a dead sport on the touch screen, the screen goes blank from time to time for no reason, and some of my apps even just disappear from my phone with no warning.  After speaking with the tech, I was told to take it into sprint, I must assume that this was because HTC did not want to try to reslove the obvious issues with this phone itself and were trying to pawn it off on Sprint.  When I took my phone in they did offer me a new phone, but because it has been more than two months I was told that I would need to pay for it.  I have to say that I am very disappointed with HTC.  I waited a long time to get a new phone, in fact I was waiting for the Galaxy S4 after having had a HTC hero and having a lots of issue with it.  In the end I heard a lot of good things about the HTC one and decided to give HTC another chance.  I ignored all the negative reviews about HTC customer service and got my HTC One and I must say it has turned out to be a huge mistake.  I have had issues since day one, I made the mistake of overlooking a few because I liked the look and feel of the phone.  But at some point enough is enough, the issues keep getting worse, I keep contacting HTC and you they kept dancing around the issues.  After reading more reviews I see that I am not the only one with issues, and I now that with a brand new product there are always going to be some problems.  The thing that is shocking to me is that HTC does not seem to be willing to take care of the problems.  If a company sells a product that does not meet expectations or in this case is obviously a dud, the company should be willing to correct it's mistake and replace the poor product with one that has no issues.  HTC does not seem to be willing to do this at all, as I said they have been trying to pawn your issues off on Sprint which is just not right.  I can tell you this, I have had it with my HTC one, and if Sprint is going to make me pay for a new phone, and HTC is not willing to replace the defective original that I bought, there is no way that I will be turning to HTC for a new phone now or any time in the future.  It should not be this difficult ( emailing HTC many times, sometimes with no response for WEEKS! calling HTC, going into Sprint) to corrective the issues that come with a defective phone when it is BRAND NEW!  At this point I am not sure what to do, as HTC has been little to no help.

This is one of the best phones I have ever used,what I admire about this phone is the way everything operates fast on it and when I compared it to the Samsung S4 this phone is faster because it carries more ram in it,that is if you're a tech person.

The phone is great but i had a problem.  Three weeks into using the phone one morning i get up to use it and it wont turn on.  I checked online an noticed that other people had a similar problem to me. the only reason this rating is a 3 is how prompt Amazon was in replacing the handset.  I should have it by tomorrow so hopefully the same thing doesnt happen again.

This phone has an incredible low light camera, is untiuitve and the design is second to none. I will be returning it however because of it's extremely poor battery life. A phone should be able to get you through an entire day and this one sadly doesn't offer that level of endurance.

It will be available for sell in the US on April 19th for $199 with a two-year contract so just wait

Got it an hour ago. I'm loving it. Wonderful phone, gorgeous screen, great sound. I'm off to test the camera.

If anyone is up for an upgrade, defiantly get this one. I don't even know where to start from. Well the first thing you will notice is the solid aluminum construction. It feels very solid and well build. The screen is crystal clear. I've been using it today since the morning, it's already going to be 5 PM and it's still at 56% battery capacity. No matter what your old phone might me, if you upgrade to this one, you won't imagine yourself going back to your old one.

Pros: Beautiful phone, perhaps as good and fast as its competitors. But clearly superior finishes.Cons: I expected more from the camera. I hope that HTC improve it via updates.

I just received this amazing phone. Is exactly the same phone shown on the product pictures. White, no logo. I own the predecessor HTC S720E One X, and the M7 is slightly taller, about the same width and considerably thinner.The box is in Spanish, and the default language is set to Spanish (Mexico). I'm guessing this is the Mexico edition of the phone for some reason. Anyway, I live in Costa Rica so this is actually a good thing.Tested with the local carrier (just took the micro sim out of my old HTC One and put it on the new one - the m7) and it works perfectly! I'm a Kolbi costumer, of course. Internet and calls work fine.Haven't done more testing. But so far so good!UPDATE:After testing noticed the camera performance at night was poor. After some weeks it got so bad that all pictures taken on low light conditions have a lot of purple ink all over the place. This happened before and after upgrading to 4.3. Researching online seems to be a hardware issue (HTC said it was software and they would fix it on 4.3, which they didn't).I have to clarify that it takes awesome pictures when there is enough light. But come on, this is disappointing of such a device. I would not recommend it to anyone.

I like the design, it looks so cool and polycarbonate  makes it lighter and touch solid.I believe the powerful camera feature will satisfy most picky people as long as you've experienced it.Definitely my best choice of next smartphone purchase.

it's good conditionit's good delevery.i'm satisfied purchase of this item.HTC One 32GB Unlocked Phone - U.S. Warranty (Silver)

I love this phone!  It has a beautiful, clear, bright screen that I can read easily outdoors even with power saver mode on.  It feels solid, it's easy to hold, but it's not heavy or thick.  The performance is good enough that I don't even know what tasks are computationally intensive anymore.  The battery life is great. I typically spend 30-60 minutes a day reading books on Kindle, plus some time reading articles online, checking e-mails, etc. -- if I do this, the battery never seems to get below %70 by the end of the day, and sometimes I'm even able to go multiple days on a single charge without getting close to empty.  I've been able to do GPS-guided drives around the city and still use my phone for other stuff, which is something I couldn't do on my old phone due to the high battery consumption of the GPS function.On top of all that, the phone has great audio.  It doesn't make a huge difference for phone calls, but for listening to music you can really hear the difference between the One and other phones.In terms of software, it's OK.  I hear a lot of people complain about HTC Sense, and it was a little frustrating to navigate the UI for the first week or so.  After that, I reconfigured the home screen to show apps instead of the newsfeed thing and I feel right at home.  Before this I had a Motorola Triumph with an older version of Android, and I've noticed that a lot of the things I used to install extensions for (fine volume control, changing tracks with the lock screen, quickly enabling/disabling wifi, etc.) are built into the OS and work great.I bought this phone because I wanted to treat myself to a best-of-breed phone after my previous budget smartphone started having speaker problems.  It was going to be either this or the Samsung Galaxy S4.  I can't really know for sure if I made the best possible choice, but I absolutely have no regrets about choosing the One.  I like it enough that I'm not really that curious about whether another phone might be better -- it's pretty much everything I want in a phone right now.

Quite fast, great speakers and screen and I am especially surprised of its battery life. The only con is that it`s latest android update has not benn released yet..

I just got this phone. My husband has the 2012 model and I always loved his phone way better than my Blackberry.  I did not intentionally lose my phone and had planned to use it until our contract ran out, but the Blackberry went MIA. So, I got the M7 model to be more cost efficient as it was $200 less than the just out M8, but it's still one of the best phones out there even though it's a 2013 model.  I love it.

This is a fantastic phone, probably the best android phone the market right now, certainly the best looking. The only issue I have is that this particular model is for the Latin American market. It did not say this anywhere in the description.

I REALLY LOVE THIS PHONE. WHAT GETS ME ANGRY IS THAT THIS PHONE IS AN AT&T UNLOCKED. ALSO THE HOTSPOT DOESNT WORK AND THE MOBILIST2000 COMPANY DIDNT GAVE ME A SOLUTION. I RECCOMEND THE PHONE BUT NOT THE COMPANY

This is by far the best cellphone I have ever had in my life, it fulfill all my expectations and it even give me really great surprises in his performance and functionality.

HTC one is a great phone, I do recommend it over any other phone in the market at the moment

Really like the phone and I am very happy with my decision to buy it!! This is my first Android and my first HTC, no complaints so far.

The phone is fast, esthetic, very high aluminum quality case.The battery is enough for more than a whole day without charge.The screen is big and clear. Very responsive.Sound quality is amazing.Everything works fast and smooth.The HTC Sense &#34;flavor&#34; of Android is now giving all it's potential because the strong Quad CPU.The only thing is that the carrier is AT&T;, is full of AT&T; applications that I not need and can not uninstall (Not really a problem just ignore them). The update will take more time, but who cares the Android 4.3 is also amazing.Please note that the battery is embedded and no extra SD card (like IPhone or Nexus 4/5). But 32 GB does the work and is faster.

As a professional photographer I was leaning toward getting the Nokia Lumia because of the sheer size of the images. I am a bit of an HTC fan, so I decided to just rely on my SLR and get an Android, being wary of the Windows app marketplace.This phone is amazing, and the camera is better than I could have ever expected. Are the images huge? No, they aren't, but they're great quality, and the low-light shots are impressive as it gets. I can take shots without flash that would have been completely dark with other phones.Can't rate this phone high enough!!

The phone arrived a week ago and I encased it in a Otterbox Defender case. Phone works brilliantly and I've been using no more than 40% battery over a days use. I run three email programs, web browser, Dropbox, Twitter, WhatApp, and music. Phone quality is very good. No dropped calls or issues.The aluminum case is well made and fits in the hand nicely. You cannot open the case, save for the micro-SIM slot on the side. HTC provides a little tool to open it. There is no expansion slot for MicroSD, but the HTC One for 2014 is supposed to have this coming.I got the international unlocked version and the HTC One booted up in Spanish, but was able to swap it over to English easily. Other than that it has worked great. The Beats audio is noticeable and very high quality. Do get a music player with an equalizer to set it up perfectly (PowerAmp was my choice).Had no issues with case heating as reported by others. I upgraded to 4.3 Android almost immediately and not 4.4 so that may be a factor. 4.4 seems to have some issues and not just on this phone.Screen is phenomenal in bright light, no lag or stuttering with programs. The only minor issues: 1) slow charging when the HTC charger isn't used. It comes up on the screen with an alert telling you to plug it into the HTC charger. But as I plug it in overnight and have such low battery use, that isn't a problem. 2) The home screen has the social updates which occupy an entire screen. I don't use that. You can change the home screen to something else, but its still annoying. That's an HTC Sense issue, not Android. 3) There is minimal documentation.It's loud. I've had the same ringtone for messages for two years. I put it on the HTC One and I have to keep the phone at half volume or it makes the wife jump when I get texted.Transferred all my settings from my old HTC using the Transfer app and it was set up in 7 minutes with all my contacts, pictures, SMS messages, email, and calender. Comes with 25 GB of Dropbox for two years.Came with a $10 APPCOW voucher. Have not used it, but it was not mentioned in the item and a nice surprise.This phone was well worth the money IMHO and recommended.Thanks to Breed for the fast and friendly service.

it just arrived  home, i installed the sim card, it got my company`s signal but definely without 3g!!!!what do i do? i need help otherwise the cell phone won`t work properly

The phone does not have installed the latest software. I had to do a lot of time consuming research to figure out how to update the phone.

Needed an upgrade from my old Samsung SII Skyrocket.  I debated the new S4 and the ONE. I finally chose the one because the groovy new features on the S4 were things that I would never use.  I'm a business power user, and Samsung has never made a speakerphone worth a squat.  I can conference several people on my ONE on speaker and it sounds like we are all in the same room.  The noise canceling technology is great in the car too.  Didn't think I would have much interest in the Beats Audio built into the phone, but it's fantastic.  This device has now become my primary audio device too.  Compared to my old Samsung, and my wife's new Samsung, the battery on this ONE lasts at least 40% longer.The phone also feels so good in your hand that you just don't want to put it down.

This phone is the best smart phone that I've ever had.The function is strong and useful, and the interface is very easy to use.The design is also amazing and marvelous.Recommend to everybody.

The One feels like the first time I held my Sensation, similar in design with a curved back but simply majestic! For a phone of such size it feels amazing that the weight of it is near identical to an office tool that you see every day. It is very easy to get used to! When I opened the box to see the phone my first thought was wow my second was "woah, this sure is cold!" and when I was out in the sun "Getting a bit warm are we now?" As there is no phone like it, it feels amazing to have something so unique and modern. Thanks to the case that came with it I have yet to drop it thankfully but I do think it looks and feels like a solid phone and it would be ok from waste side drops (my waste side anyway). The screen though, it is simply indescribable and a video would do it no justice it is simply amazing, never have I seen such quality in a phone!The sound out of the phone is the best on the market, easily. It is so loud and it beats any laptop that I have used.The camera on it is amazing too. You would think with only 4 UltraPixels that the phone would be very poor but I was very wrong. In a nightclub with low light and it performs like it was 12 in the day outside.The microphone is also superb as it has 2 HDR microphones built into the phone.

I love this phone. It has a lot of space I had a issue with the auto focus on the main camera but now it is working perfectly.

Great phone, feels good in your hand, is extremely fast and has almost of all of the latest smart phone features available.

This is a pretty great phone, i previously had an S4, and there wasn't anything wrong with that one, but i really wanted this one instead, only gripe is my camera stopped working after a week or so, but probably that's just me, pretty fast phone, and the screen is really nice, i would think a little bit nicer than S4.All in all a pretty good phone if you are looking for a top of the line smartphone, and if you don't want to ding the phone, buy aclear case.

I can't explain how great and wonderful this phone is.HTC are a great manufacturer with ORIGINAL ideas and top quality builds. They are NOT the typical &#34;Samsung&#34; copycat.

Absolutely love this phone it met all my expectations and more!! The camera takes really good pictures and I love the layout of the phone as well, very sleek.

great phone one of the best out there,i love how fits in your hand... and the display is amaizing... i love the lcd panel

Be careful with the sellers, I tried to post without any start but it was impossible I bought thru an Amazon backed seller called JoyCell and they sent me (2) factory &#34;unlocked&#34; phones an it was a lie, after several contacts with HTC support the phones where just SIM unlocked and married to ATT so they sucked no updates could be done, both have problems with installing apps, thanks god I know a bit about hacking and could deal with them and make them work, but one of them suffered again a factory reset, I am in the middle of getting the replacement units so bought from another place and got one today and totally different experience, the units where closed and everything came neat, be careful with the seller.

Hi, I like this phone because the exterior is so pretty, the most beautyful cellphone of the market. Very fast, and very good options. The only issue that I see is that htc sense always wan't to syncronize contacts and there's no way to disable that option. The other problem is the cam quality, is bad, and is strange for this phone.

Unsurpassed Full-HD screen, unbeatable stereo sound, many useful functions, good manufacturer online support, beautiful design, processor fast like a ninja's fart...In one word - excellent!Only the ones putting emphasis on high resolution cameras should be careful. The 4 MP cam is good in low light situations but has less resolution and sharpness than competitors like Sony Experia or Galaxy S4.

A good fon for a good price

Excelent phone good features , very comfortable to handle, can asir dir fue next HTC to come to the market

The features of the phone are just amazing to behold and the ease of use makes even more elegant. The sound quality is next to none especially with the Best by Dre speakers!

My first android phone.Harder to set up than the iPhone, but once done (allow about 4-6 hours to transfer files and download the requisite apps), it works about as easily. The multiple home pages are a little confusing, andnot sure I will take the time to learn all the options. The phone is beautiful and as well made as my iPhone 5. Not sure it's better made, but it sure isn't any worse. Will probably buy another as my wife now uses this one.

Has this phone for a few month now and it hasn't missed a beat. BEST PHONE EVER!!! If you an afford it BUY IT NOW

This is the best phone ever created, period. I have had quite a few smart phones (20 plus).....and this takes the case by a long shot. I have even had a chance to look at the S4 and compare already....and I would take the One any day over the S4. Do yourself a favor and get one!!

Just as described, brand new in box, factory unlocked.  Phone has one of the best display.  The body of the phone is really made also.  CPU is fast.

The battery is great,The speed is amazing,The camera is ok,And the sound is fantastic.It's a great phone

Wow...this looks exciting...that's my next phone right there...unless they come out with something better before I get it...:-)In that case I might get it for my son...lol

problem with the cam... pics get with shadows, i don't like that, but all the rest is really nice... love the phone, but please help with this problem.

HiCame to this phone after having been within the Blackberry ecosystem. Then started using this phone about 3 months ago. Just love it. Then I started comparing it to other phones including Samsung S4, iPhone 4s,5, etc ... No comparison. The fit and finish of this phone is unique and so is the feel: Solid, tight and robust. Performance is smooth and stellar. Graphics?! GRAPHICS!?!? Walks over any other phones you dare to compare it to. Camera is superlative and spoiling since it does things no other leading phones venture into. Low light is ridiculous: The thing will take pictures under the lighting of a candlelight! Watching a movie on this "phone" redefine the experience and so, to my surprise, is reading.Now for the spoiling part. Since it is my first experience with Android, I came to think that other phone would perform similarly  ... Not at all. The responsiveness of this phone is shared by only the Samsung S4 and its picture quality is unmatched.A superlative smartphone. The standard bearer IMHO.. SO pleased that I may acquire the "Max' if and when it comes out

I'll keep it short... believe the hype. As a long time iPhone owner, I'm amazed at how much better the HTC One is. Best phone on the market. Everything about it, from build quality to the sound to the screen, simply blows the iPhone away. If you're an Apple user worried about switching over to the Android system, don't stress. It's just as easy to use, and you can transfer your media.The HTC One rocks!

Probably the best phone ever! I love this phone. Battery life is good. Screen resolution is the best I have seen. Fast...fast...fast!

Hi HTC did a great job making a phone this great light silver great screen perfect feel and connected AT&T

The best cell phone I ever had. Has a great performance and great looks. Everything in it is great. The HTC Sync Manager is a downside, but you can solve it in several different ways and get the desired result.

bc i received and is working soo good and i am happy with it, i really reccomend this product to people

Overall a great device.Pros: super fast, awesome sound, design, everything...Cons: battery life is not that log if you use it often for chatting, but honestly I haven't found any device with a decent battery life and if you like to take self-shots you are going to have a hard time since the front camera is not that good and there's no side button for main cameraAll in all it's the best phone I've ever had

If you are looking for a smartphone that entertains you, this will be a great option!Like:Speaker, camera, the earphone...etc(every feature work as it's advertisement), and you will definitely be amazed of these features once you got it, but I would prefer talk more about why I don't like it.Dislike:*Battery is horrible: Since this phone is designed for entertainment (&lt;&lt;in my opinion), the battery sadly does not really supporting this purpose. If you want to play music/ gaming/ GPS on it, how the power run away is just like spilling water even with the "power saver" on, you just can't believe how it drains itself from 100% to 30 or 40% in 3 hours. So in order to keep your phone alive for a whole day, an external battery pack will be a must.*And even if you have the external battery pack, be sure to use a better quality cable in order to successfully charge, otherwise, there will be a "friendly reminder" that recommends you to use the OEM cable/ charger, or worse, it will be losing power.*Very Important*Do consider to buy a protection plan if yours do not have one. As you can see that the phone is "Crafted with a distinct zero-gap aluminum unibody", it means there is NO WAY for you nor any private phone store can fix it for you unless you take it back to HTC since they are using a special glue to stick the screen and the base together, and normally, if you have a protection plan, they will just replace a whole new phone to you instead of fixing it for you (True story- My brother's experience).**Also, need to read carefully what the protection plan covers: water damage,Screen scratches...etc.

The phone its self was wonderful until it stopped working all of a suden and they refuse to repace it.

This phone was as described and was unlocked, but it was a T-Mobile device before and has all the Tmobile apps on the home page. Getting it hooked up to AT&T was a bit of a pain, when they activated it they apparently didn't fully connect it so I wasn't getting data connectivity. I had to go back in and it took 2 techs a half hour to figure it out.

Well what can I say that's bad? Well nothing so far! I purchased this phone July 15 and a day and a half later it was at my doorstep. Talk about fast shipping!!!! Initially my mind was set on getting the galaxy s4 as it seems like it's a galaxy/iPhone world. However, my cousin introduced this phone to me as he believed it fit my style. He couldn't have been more right!. In terms of looks this phone takes the cake. So slim, light and made with premium materials. Speedwise this is more than enough for a basic user like myself, I love Pandora also I check mail surf the net and play a little soccer all at once with absolutely no lag!  My last scrappy phone I kept for over 2 years. This one might last at least 3 years as there are no significant improvements in phones each year. Even though the camera isn't the best in the business it is more than adequate for the average user like myself. I have used my friends iPhone and Samsung galaxy and this is a breath of fresh air I must say. I can see why this was best smartphone of 2013and at this point this phone caters to all my needs. It trumps for me in every aspect. Well done HTC!

This phone exemplies a flagship product. It screams quality when you hold it in your hand. Touch screen response is great, image and video quality is superb. Camera is another strong point. Overall, I am a very proud owner of such an excellent product.

Much better phone than the Vivid type I had before. It is lighter and faster! I wll recommend it to others.

The HTC One is not brandnew, contain some dash but everything seem good, functionary!Acceptable productThanks you so much!!!!!

Everything I expected from a good phone except... It only charges when I plug it to my laptop! It doesn't charge when I plug it into the wall. This is extraordinarily annoying

My son wanted this phone as it was unlocked and it worked like a charm on arrival. Not bad for a used unit.

I got my phone about 2 months ago. I came from an iPhone 4 and I was not happy with the interface but overall a decent phone, I never had a problem over 3 years. I picked the HTC One after all the great reviews and performance.After a few days of getting used to it I really liked it, the interface is great and speed is incredible.Problems-The microphone wasn't working properly and people couldn't hear me. This is a common problem. Just search it online. Since it was a month and a few days old, verizon replaced it with a refurbished phone free of cost. Of course this was the first time they have ever heard of this problem. I got my newish phone and it worked great.Two weeks later now the top speaker is blown. The bottom speaker is fine but the top one used for calls is crackling and at half the volume when music is playing. When on a call you can't even hear the person speaking. It is like a whisper. Once again this is a common problem, just search online. Once again Verizon said they never heard of this before and sent a replacement.This is a business phone and in 2 months I have had it replaced twice. Luckily I have been dealing Verizon because I have heard horror stories dealing directly with HTC. When my 3rd one break which judging by the pattern, Verizon will send a different phone to me. It seems like Verizon knows this phone is a problem. All of the problems are hardware related.

I was looking for a fast unlocked phone at a resonable prices, the HTC One M7 fit the bill. I know the M8 is newer, but I did not want to pay the extra $$, so I settled for a M7. So glad I did. It is fast, features the latest Android OS and is super easy to use. I'm was able to get it to work on the AT&T; Network via Straight Talk for $45/mo with LTE Speeds! NO CONTRACT!Pros:* Looks great - may be the slickest Android Phone on the market - at least as well built as my Wife's Apple 5s.* Rockin Screen - the resolution is awesome and I can even read it in full on sun!* Nice additions to the OS but still true to Android* Beats Headphones are actually very good* With my Shure in ear headphones, better sound than any of my previous phones or ipads* Excellent low light cameraCons:* No SIMM card support* OK Battery LifeOverall I'm pretty happy with this phone.

Now naturally you would think that as progress happens every phone you used would be the best phone you've used. Not so though. Some phones I've used have been a step in the wrong direction, or have solved one issue only to have 3 more pop up. The HTC One, however is such a pleasure to use! The device is sleek, and for me, reigns in the title of the best looking/feeling android phone to date. The attention to detail is great (there are a few quality control issues however, but nothing major. For example the screen to the speaker grill isn't quite flesh, it's a very very small amount of on mine, but the device functions perfectly despite that. Just an OCD thing.)The Positives:1) Audio: Now the most amazing thing on the device is the sound and microphone quality. The dual front facing speakers (known as BoomSound), is able to blast music and other audio through them. It does so with amazing clarity from a phone that I have never heard before. The next thing is the microphone and it's noise canceling technology is crystal clear. When you get the phone, just open up the voice recording app and give it a little demo. You'll be blown away by how realistic the audio that it records is. Plus, it's clear. A great feature to have in a phone. Youtube, calls, skype, hangouts, now sound that much better.2) The screen: This screen is sharp and goes well with the clarity that we get from audio. With a ppi of 468, and a full 1080p screen, movies, pictures, and just web browsing look extra sharp. Good speakers and a good screen make this a multimedia powerhouse.3) Processing Power: The device blows through what ever you throw at it. The device doesn't just idle behind as it's trying to process stuff. One thing however, the device isn't running Android 4.2 (yet!) so there is a small amount of non buttery smoothness when scrolling through lists for example. That should be fixed through a software update to Android 4.2, but you really have to pay close attention and not blink to even notice it.4) Camera: The camera is great, it has a lot of features. Unfortunately it doesn't wipe the board of all other manufactures. It excels in low light, and the feature sets that it has. Zoe's, Burst shots, action shots, object removal, always smile, and more. HTC really packed the camera app with features. But as I said it doesn't win every camera measurement. Other cameras will get better daylight photos. It's not to say that the camera on the One is bad, just that there are cameras that do one thing better, but then the HTC One does lowlight, video recording (clear audio), file size, features, etc much better. Bottom line as far as the camera goes, you won't be disappointed with the quality it takes, and unless you are coming from a current generation smartphone device, the camera will be an upgrade in almost every capacity.5) Sense: HTC has loaded a lot of features into sense. They have their BlinkFeed homescreen which aggregates information together and puts it into a sleek scrollable view that looks quite amazing. Did I mention they have an IR Blaster (ability to use your phone as a universal remote)? Yeah, it does and the Sense TV app that goes with it makes it a lot easier to watch tv. Seriously, try it out. Sense has been flattened a lot and become less intrusive. HTC still has a way to go (I hope they come out with a more google experience looking theme), but it looks great and adds extra functionality to stock Android.6) Battery: The batter is not great, but it's not terrible. You have to think what it's powering too. A super powerful snapdragon quad core processor, and a full 1080p 4.7" screen. It's load speakers, and 4G LTE. That's a lot of juice needed. I was hoping for a little higher capacity battery. I ran a battery test on the device (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ufo0YeP5T8c) and it got great video play back and I get from normal usage about 24 hours of usage out of the device.7) Modding: For a lot of people this point won't matter much. But for me it does. The device can be easily unlocked through HTCDev.com. This allows me to continue my obsession of tinkering with my devices.The Meh:1) HTC decided to go with a 2 button navigation approach. A misstep if you ask me. It won't kill your user experience on the device, but it gets some getting use to, and in some instances when an app isn't going by google's design guidelines, it adds a fugly onscreen menu bar to the bottom of the device's screen. This may be resolved by allowing long press back button to be used as menu key fall back in a future update.2) Wish there was a better more visible notification LED. Something like on the nexus 4 or galaxy nexus. Multi color and having customization. There is a notification LED, but it isn't that visible, it stops after 5 mins and it is only green for notifications.3) Not available on Verizon. Hopefully it will be soon, but it isn't right now. I'm chalking this up to being Verizon's fault, however.The Bad:1) Bloatware: I have the T-Mobile version and there is some uninstallable bloatware on the device that you can't get rid of. You can disable it, but it still takes up space on your device. Kinda of annoying. But I put more of that blame on T-Mobile, and carriers that do that.2) Software issues: There's a few things that HTC missed. The recent apps multitasking only allows for the last 9 applications, comes shipped with 4.1 and I'm not sure when we'll get Android 4.2, hopefully soon. This means stuff like emoji's won't be supported until then. In the multitasking window, you can't hold down an app to go to the app info page. Sense is a little quirky for the homescreen. For example you can't just directly add one of the apps on the homescreen to the lockscreen shortcut, you have to drag it from the app drawer to the lockscreen. There's other small annoyances like that. I hope they get changed, but they are by no means a deal breaker.Conclusion: The device is a great device, even with it's short comings (which are small) I would give it a resounding must buy. Even if you aren't in the Android camp and are an iOS, blackberry, featurephone, Windows Phone user, I would recommend you try the device. It's a very capable device. I've been thoroughly impressed by the device and the HTC has made an improvement to their audio experience that will amazing all smartphone users.

This is NOT a product review (for these you need to use third-party review sites with objective data in each review), this is just a warning for potential customers. If you can buy it elsewhere - do so. HTC themselves sell a &#34;developer edition&#34; of this phone on their site, which has 64GB of storage and is fully unlocked and supports same GSM/LTE bands, for slightly more than Amazon's current price. If you do not need extra storage space - Google sells the HTC One with 32GB of storage, fully unlocked, running latest Android version (unlike what you will find on Amazon), for a cheaper price than Amazon has. Google's version does not include HTC Sense, Blinkfeed or any other custom HTC software BUT some people do not need this and you can always flash the Google's edition with a custom ROM which includes all of HTC's custom software, for free, without losing the warranty. Both choices are better than what Amazon has to offer. Think about that before making a purchase.Hopefully Amazon will read this too and adjust their current price accordingly...

You're the top of top

I got exactly what I paid for, great customer service... 9/10 I would definitely recommend. I love the HTC ONE, I've never been happier with a phone.

I would commend the seller for good communication and great customer satisfaction. However, I bought this phone as a gift to a family abroad and unfortunately, the recepient received a totally refurbished phone.Packaging was a sham,Scratches around the edges of the phone,Ear piece that came with the phone was nothing close to a &#34;bit by dree&#34;,Phone still had the log in details of the previous user on some account eg. Google, yahoo, and some othersPhone still had some pictures of the previous user.I was totally embarrased because it looked like I got a used phone as a gift to some one very dear.I decided not to contact seller because all these defects were not observed until the phone was in NIGERIA

I'm still waiting for htc to get back to me with why this phone started systematically breaking down....By the time I got the idea that it was a 'real' problem it was past the 30 day return by a couple of days and will not be honored.....Soooo...Unless htc honors the &#34;factory unlocked warranty' the seller claims is good...I own a very expensive 'brick'....If I get 'justice' I will update this review....

Phone is said to be international unlocked, although it does not connect to 3G, it just connect to 2G network. There are a lot of forums asking for a solution for this issue. If I had read some review and look for forums where there is said "3G not working on HTC One", i will have not buy this phone.

I received this phone with a factory fault, it has a dead pixel in a side of screen.I need know how I do get solution for this issue with the phone.  I paid for a terminal without defective parts.

I love this phone. Finally ditched the iphone 4 for this beauty. i use it on Straight Talk and only cost $45 a month beats buying into a contract!! Highly recommend for an upgrade and its $100 cheaper than when i got mine

I've always been an iPhone user but when I had the chance to upgrade I decides to change things up and see how I would fare with a non iPhone smart phone. Meh.The good thing about this phone is that it has much superior graphics and pictures. The pictures that the camera can take are amazing. Millions of times better than the iPhone. Additionally the pixelation is much higher so watching videos and stuff is excellent on the phone. But that's about where all the good things end.The keyboard glitches. The sideways keyboard is much too large and the regular right side up keyboard is much too small. The dimensions of the phone are huge, so that makes it hard to fit into your pockets without having it poke out or be really uncomfortable. The phone itself is also pretty glitchy - a lot of apps aren't able to match the interface which results in a lot of app crashing. Also the phone has a problem with receiving internet which is super frustrating.So in summary, if you like to use your phone more as a tablet (watching movies, videos, taking pictures, reading articles, etc) then get it. But if you want a phone that you can actually use, try looking somewhere else.

I have had this phone for three weeks and it is unequivocally the best smartphone I have owned.  Prior to this I had owned a Motorola Defy and from day one I was disappointed with it.  It was a piece of technical garbage and Motorola, once a beacon of true American ingenuity and pride, should have never released smartphones, especially this one, if they already knew they couldn't compete with their foreign counterparts.  Coming back to the HTC ONE, I was leary about the purchase until several co-workers had told me that they had recently switched over to HTC ONEs from Samsung S4 and were extremely happy with the switch. HTC, like Motorola at one point, had a so-so rep in the smartphone world.  However, they quickly turned that rep around with this phone.  I am glad that they hedged their bet on this flagship phone instead of creating a series of different ones.  The only other phone I have enjoyed this much was my Palm Pre, which was genius in its webOS system:EXTERIOR:This phone is simply designed beautifully. Sleek, smooth and ergonomically form fitting to the touch, there is nothing on the body that feels or looks cheap. The concept of "less is more" excels here with the phone and easily rivals the iPhone in the area of product design. I always get asked about the phone from friends and family as soon as they see it in my hands and before I even begin to use it. The sleek, metallic design can almost be compared to the sleek lines of high end sports cars like an Audi TT or VW Karmaghia. It is simply that good.SCREEN & RESOLUTION:Beautiful display with a high definition output that can easily surpass that of Samsung or Apple.  By comparing this phone side by side, HTC has made the screen output their own signature. Pictures, video and OS display are crisp and wonderful to look at.CAMERA:One of the best cameras for taking pictures and videos I have ever seen on a smartphone - EVER.  I am an amateur photographer & own and have expertly used SLR and DSLR cameras for over 30 years, so I never gave much thought about pictures taken with smartphones, including iPhones and S3s and S4s.  The pictures that came out of these phones were good, but it never compared to the pictures I would take with my DLSR or even my NIKON point & shoot.  That all changed with this phone.  It takes brilliant, FAST photos and the camera software is next none I have ever used.  The stock camera and stock program that comes with the HTC ONE out of the box does not need much improvement.  Grant it, like any other smartphone, it is still difficult to manipulate the controls at times, but I have yet to take a bad picture with it.PHONE:It is a phone and it works like a phone.  Make a call, talk, hang-up.  Receive a call, talk, hang-up.  Enough said.SOUND:Awesome speakers and sound quality.  Th phone comes with great high-end headphones that make those white earbuds from Apple look like dollarstore rejects.  The phone speakers project great, bold sounds for music playing to speakerphone conversations.ANDROID:As nice as the stock ANDROID OS is, I will always be comparing it to webOS that came on my PALM PRE phone.  How difficult would it be to just combine both ANDROID & WEBOS.  However, with the hardware inside this phone, apps run fast.  Yet to play a game on it but I was never into phone games.FINAL WORD:If you have to get a smartphone and would like style, form and functionality to work harmoniously, get this phone. Yes, it is expensive.  Yes, you will have to buy some protective gear or skin or wallet cover. I get paranoid about my stuff...lol.  But it will be so worth it.

its a beastly phone. fast and has a very sharp and clear screen. and best of all. it worked with straight talk almost out of the box. i had to cut the sim card to fit. then it asked what apn setting i wanted to use. using the trac phone setting worked fine however im limited to 3g. (i thought the phone was able to do 4g, but i may be wrong).also the fact that it has a real FM radio built in helps a ton because then you dont have to stream your music through internet.and lastly. the ir blaster is a cool feature to control various tv's and such. however i would like it better if you could just control a radio with its native app.

Most of the reviews about the phone will be good, it is a good phone.  The problem here is that it looks like it's a brand new phone straight from HTC.  In reality it was an AT&T phone with all of the AT&T crapware on it (which you cannot delete).  A big reason I bought this phone was so that I wouldn't have the carrier bloat on it.  Instead I now have to go through the lengthy process of rooting the phone to get rid of all this crap.  I consider this somewhat of a bait and switch.  The phone arrive in new condition with little fuss so if you don't mind being stuck with an AT&T phone then go ahead, but I'm not happy about this.

Design, Hardware, Audio, Screen, 1080p, camera, size, durability, quality. This camera tops nearly everything if not everything in these categories for all the phones around it price point. At 300$ you simply CANNOT go wrong with this phone. IF your an iPhone user switching; LOOK NO FURTHER.Cons: The battery, lack of storage slot, battery slot certainly could use a little help. The battery life is pretty decent; but if your looking for outstanding performance in these categories with all of the benefits of this phone and more., BUY THE NEW HTC ONE M8; its unparalleled by making this phone even better.JP Mobiles is an outstanding, punctual, and responsible seller. Seller issued a refund upon a  surprise scratch that was on the screen. Most respectable and best service I have had with any seller... and i've bought like 90+ things on amazon, some of whom didn't even send me an item or/and reply. Buy from this seller; they don't come often as responsible as this and the product will come as described.

I&#8217;m writing this review from perspective of a long-term iPhone owner who also wanted to try Android. I have had my HTC one for about 4 months now and feel I&#8217;m in a good position to talk about its strengths and weaknesses. I also own an iPhone 5 which is my &#8220;work phone&#8221; and have been an iPhone user since the 3GS days. I wanted a personal phone to and decided to get an Android to have both and after much deliberation, decided on the HTC One rather than the Galaxy S4. This review will primarily focus on those comparing the HTC One with the iPhone rather than other Android phones.I loved my iPhone but was feeling limited by the smaller screens of all the iphone with all these larger Android phones around and also wanted the customizability of Android. As I was getting this as an extra phone rather than a replacement, I am in a good position of being able to compare the two. I am also pretty good with tech so had no issues searching around for solutions to problems and tweaking the phone.SOFTWARE:iOS vs AndroidAlmost everyone is familiar with iOS and has used an iPhone at some point &#8211; the software is smooth, very intuitive and easy to use. On the otherhand, it works only in Apple&#8217;s closed environment and limits what you can/can&#8217;t do. Android has none of that &#8211; you can literally do anything you want. For basic users, the regular interface is fine and works albeit not quite as smoothly as iOS. But the nice thing is that you can customize your homescreen for whatever you like which is nice. For those with some technical ability you can root your phone and really change how the system looks and feels through different skins/launchers etc. This is not particularly difficult to do for anyone who doesn&#8217;t mind delving into the internet to find out but for those who just want phones to &#8220;work&#8221; e.g. my mum who uses the bare functions of an iPhone, it is not very likely they will use or understand it. For less tech-savvy people, they will prefer iOS, for the more tech-savvy, they will enjoy the freedom that Android offers.However, the problem with Android is that it simply is not as intuitive and smooth as iOS. With iphone, everyday tasks simply work. Your notifications come on your lockscreen as expected. For Android, this is not the case &#8211; some notifications like messages and phonecalls do but other apps do not. I use Whatsapp as my primary message tool as I live in the US but I am from London (where a lot of friends and family are) and those notifications do not show up in a normal manner. I had to use a separate lockscreen (Slidelock) to get this to work but this overrides the default screen and doesn&#8217;t always work as expected. Or you have to get other similar apps (Try NILS notification screen with Widget Locker). But the point is, it doesn&#8217;t just &#8220;work&#8221; &#8211; you have to go out there and find a way to make it work which is frustrating. Other things just don&#8217;t work as nicely as expected &#8211; pressing numbers to call doesn&#8217;t always work or addresses to enter into google maps. I will say though that the swipedown notification screen on Android is pretty good and you can add shortcuts to it to access frequently used features (use the excellent and free Power Toggles app). Everything does work but it is just not as easy as iOS.Keyboard:I bought Swiftkey because was a little frustrated with the default keyboard autocorrect and most of the time its great but I wouldn&#8217;t say its particularly better than the iPhone keyboard &#8211; why do I have to pay to get something that is only the same as the iPhone default? Also, there is sometimes lag when typing. Having a bigger screen to type is nice though as the letters are more spaced out (but makes it harder for one-handed use).Internet browsingI have used the stock HTC browser and now use Google Chrome. For most part works well but again, is simply not as smooth as iphone browser. Some things like double tapping on text so the screen formats to the right size only work half the time. Typing in the address bar can be sluggish and websites don&#8217;t always display properly. But the good thing is that it&#8217;s a much bigger screen (see Hardware below).HTC Specific software:Blinkfeed&#8211; The HTC One includes Blinkfeed which is a piece of software you can set as one of your homepages or turn off entirely (as of the ew Sense 5.5 update). It aggregrates lots of sources for articles and can also incorporate your Facebook and twitter feeds if you so choose. Personally, I LOVE Blinkfeed. I don&#8217;t have Facebook or Twitter connected as I find that overrules everything else but instead have it as a source of news articles from lots of websites. I am constantly flicking through and find articles that grab my attention and its great for looking at when on the subway and you just want to read snippets of info. Really really like it and I constantly use it and have found so many interesting articles from it that I prob wouldn&#8217;t have read otherwise.HTC TV app &#8211; This is an amazing app that changes the way I have watched TV. Once you connect it to your system you can scroll through a visual list of shows, see whats coming next and see your recommended shows based on what you have set it to like &#8211; just clicking on the icon changes the channel accordingly. Absolutely superb and means no more scrolling through the extremely outdated TV guides that have not changed in 20 years (come on tv operators &#8211; try and innovate). Highly recommend looking into this and setting up if you get an HTC one.HARDWAREScreen:The HTC One is a beautiful phone and feels very solid in your hand. If you are coming from iphone 5/5S/5C you would notice a much bigger weight difference but that is to be expected given the screen size. If you are coming from iPhone 4/4S/3GS, it won&#8217;t be as noticeable. Either way, you will get used to the weight and will love the large (but not too large like Galaxy Note) screen with very sharp resolution. The screen is stunning and the extra real estate you get compared to an iPhone is SO much better. I have to often use my iPhone for work business and I notice immediately the difference in screen size when reading emails or when on the internet. This was the main reason I wanted the Android and no complaints in the screen department. You will not like going back to the small little iphone screen afterwards!SpeakersAnother area where the HTC one blows away the iphone (and all other phones for that matter). The two speakers on the front pump out solid, clear and loud sound that doesn&#8217;t require you cupping your hand around the bottom of the phone in order to redirect the sound to your face. I&#8217;m not the sort to use it for music/watching long movies (use headphones for that) but when watching the quick video here and there or wanting to show something to your friends, its superb.CameraHTC camera is a little disappointing. It is touted as fantastic in low light but my handset has the dreaded purple tinge problem that so many people have complained about. Really makes it unusable in low light. I don&#8217;t mind as I have my iphone with me also but if its your only phone then its something to be aware of. Some people don&#8217;t have this problem but hundreds of people do and it doesn&#8217;t seem like there is a clear fix/reason for it. In daylight the camera is excellent and very snappy. Its also great to see your pics on that lovely sharp screen. However, I do think that the iphone camera is slightly sharper and produces better photos overall.BatteryThis is where HTC One falls down &#8211; the battery life that I get is extremely average. After charging overnight with regular use &#8211; browsing web on and off over course of the day, checking emails occasionally and looking at Blinkfeed now and then, my battery is around 30-40% by 3pm so I usually start charging it from a USB cable connected to my PC at work before going home. But the other problem is that this phone charges REALLY SLOWLY. Like 3-4 hours slow. With my iPhone, even with just the USB charging I can pop it in for 30mins and get a good solid charge of 40-50% extra but with the HTC one 30mins on charge will perhaps give me 10-12% of extra battery. With the wall charger it is faster but still slow &#8211; around 2.5 hours for full charge and on just USB charger its more like 3.5-4 hours for full charge. iPhone is only about 45mins charge time and I find seems to be much better in managing battery life in general while using during the day. There also seem to be all sorts of issues that crop up with Android that cause battery drain &#8211; Google services I&#8217;m looking at you! &#8211; and its not always straightforward to fix. Particularly with location based things &#8211; people say that you should turn it off to save battery but why should I have to do that? I leave my iPhone location services on and Google Maps works snappy and fast all the time and doesn&#8217;t drain anywhere near as much. If you do anything with google on Android (maps/Google Now etc), expect it to have a strong drain on battery life.Handset feelThe benefit of the large screen is obvious but the downside is that the phone simply is not as easy to use in one hand. It&#8217;s a lot wider than an iPhone so I never felt like I had a great grip on it while walking and trying to use the phone with one hand, something I never had a problem with with the iPhone.The power button is also very annoyingly placed at the top left of the phone which is awkward to reach and there is no physical button to press which is very weird to get used to after having the iphone Home button for years. You do &#8220;sort of&#8221; get used to it but it is more of a compromise that you learn to live with rather than liking.SUMMARY:The HTC one is a great phone but it does have some compromises, a lot of which are more related to Android itself. Pros are large (but not too large) screen with super high resolution, a good camera in normal light, excellent speakers, customizability, Blinkfeed and TV app. Cons are poor low light camera, slightly difficult to hold one handed, awkward power button placement, Android not as intuitive and smooth as iOS.If you are great with tech, love the customizability aspect, not that bothered about taking pics in low light and can live with the cons I&#8217;ve described above &#8211; go for the HTC One. You will love the sharper screen, tinkering around with it and making it your own.If you are someone who just wants things to work, uses phones as they come without getting lots of extra stuff and don&#8217;t like figuring out tech problems &#8211; stay with iPhone. There have been a number a times when I&#8217;ve just gone to my work iphone cos I have got frustrated with the HTC not working like it should. You will prob get frustrated with the Android and not be able to take advantage of all its capabilities anyway. The iPhone 6 is rumored to have a bigger screen anyway so if that&#8217;s your only reason for getting Android (which is a fair reason), then you may want to hold out till then.If you fall somewhere in between then you have to decide whats more important to you. If you are in same position as me and need two phones then for sure go for it and have both Android and iPhone! I do love the HTC One and its benefits but I do get frustrated with it sometimes. If I was not in this position and could only have just the one phone then I would probably stick with the iPhone.Hope this is helpful

I have had this phone for two weeks now, and have yet to find a flaw. To be honest I love every aspect of the phone, it is insanely quick (far better than my old S3), the screen is gorgeous, the sound is superb and to be honest the "Wow factor" has yet to leave it. Every time I pick up the phone I am just blown away by the overall impression the phone leaves, and dear Lord it is pretty.

Pro's - Its an amazing phone. Every review of the One so far will has been nothing but positive. Great camera, great screen, awesome Zoe, and an amazing build.Con's - Who ever is offering this product for $1179.99 is absolutely out of their minds. Unlocked from the source, $580 for the 32GB and $650 for the 64GB. $1179 is completely ridiculous.

I recently ordered an htc one from a 3rd party dealer on amazon. The box was dirty, its seal was broken and the phone was slightly damaged. I refunded it and ordered from amazon directly. The box was completely sealed and so was the phone and accessories. I'm verry happy with my purchase!

Have the HTC One Mini and decided to upgrade to the original One.  The phone is awesome.  Came from an IPhone 4S.  The build quality is superb and unmatched.  Going unlocked means no AT&T bloatware! Sense 5 is great and smooth.  HTC updated to 5.5, then to Sense 6.  The 4.7&#34; screen is just the right size and the colors are truly vivid.  Great phone at a great price.  Thank you HTC and Amazon.

Greatest phone I have owned so far. Came from an IPhone and was sceptical about switching over to an Android mobile but happy with my choice.HTC made a great phone, only issue I have is that it takes a while to charge but after charging can last for a whole day without an additional charge.

The phone looks good, big screen with great resolution, but the camera it is awful, you get blurry pictures all the time no matter what. I've been reading about this problem And it is everybody complain.

If you are looking for a new phone, then look no further. HTC has put everything into this smartphone and created one phone with an outstanding user experience. This phone would be great for users at any experience level.The build quality is excellent and the all aluminum body only adds to that. It feels great in the hand aThe nd doesn't feel slippery like I expected. The screen looks fantastic. All the images are crisp and clear. The screen size is not bad either. Before I received my One I thought that 4.7 inch phones was too large. I will say it is not the case.  I use the phone one handed on a regular basis and haven't run into too many problems.Boomsound was one of the best things HTC has done. The speaker placement just makes sense. The sound on this phone is clear and loud. Sometimes it can get a little louder than expected. It is the first smartphone that I didn't max out the volume just so I could hear. I don't even think my in call volume is half the way up.The camera does well, and has plenty of great features. The zoe setting is one that I like to use, as it helps me capture the shots I'm looking for. I also like to experiment with the macro function.Over all this is a great phone with fast performance and innovative technology.

I am completely satisfied by the look and performance of the HTC One. I have the M7 (last year) version. While the new version allows you to expand your storage via SD card, the 32GB on this phone is more than enough memory. The speed of the processor allows for not only quicker downloads and transitions from apps, but also enhances internet viewing. The display is crystal clear and the sound from the speakers make my music sound great. It is easy to handle and use. If you're not hung up on the size of storage capacity, then I would highly recommend this phone.

As the previous owner of the Galaxy S3, which up until recently was what many say was the best phone on the market, the HTC One makes all other phones seem outdated. If you are a avid news reader, sports fanatic, or social networker then the Blinkfeed home screen is for you. While many may find the Blinkfeed home screen a drawback because of not being able to remove it, it is very useful to have all of your updates for news, game scores, and social networks in one easily accessible place. The camera is by far the best camera in any phone I have owned. The front camera is incredible. Ever picture I have taken so far has been flawless. The speakers are loud and exactly what was described in the previews of this phone. If you have trouble hearing an alarm in the morning, this phone will definitely wake you up. This phone is available in 32gb and 64gb, if you use a lot of apps and put a lot of media in the phone,I recommend the 64gb. The HTC Sense Remote is my favorite feature on this phone. The set up takes only a few seconds and it works much better than my actual tv remote. The battery has lasted me two days without charge already. I constantly use the internet and text on this phone, with my Galaxy S3, the battery would die in a few hours. This phone is perfect for anyone on the go.Pros: Camera, HTC BoomSound with Beats Audio, HTC Sense Remote, Battery Life, Large and Bright ScreenCons: HTC Blinkfeed, Non-expandable memory, Non-removable battery

Was not even able to give a review on the phone. It looks good feels goodbut when you buy a unlocked phone and it want boot passed its Bios screen thatclearly says locked in big red letters at the top left what can you do,Now if HTC is sending the seller locked phones they claim are unlocked then itsHTC's fault if its the seller doing it then its the sellers fault either way.I get stuck waiting on a refund and another week or two without a smartphone.Edit edit EditWith help from HTC was able to get help unlocking the phone from bios just be warnedyou may have one like mine that does not go into operating system but is stuck at biosscreen.Anyway the sound was what I was looking for and it has that and then some The videois great still like my Iphone5 better for size and phone use the HTC is what I wanted in a portablemulti-media phone.Update *********************** Updateafter 3 weeks  of use my phone is going into random screenfreezes I have to do a complete reboot I ran the factory resetto no avail. I most have a bad memory block or something.

Purchased for my wife to use with T Mobile. Antenna in it differs from the M8 noticeably, as the M7 would have effectively no signal side by side with an M8 that had 2 bars. Contacted T Mobile and got a signal booster that significantly improved reception of the M8, but only minorly improve the reception of the M7. Though I'm sure there's a way we could have unlocked the wifi calling on it, my wife's work switched her to AT&T;, and the phone's signal strength with AT&T; has been significantly improved.YMMV, fully dependent on signal coverage in your area.

This phone was not unlocked.  I paid $20 dollars to have it unlocked.  But then I found out the 4g LTE does not work. This phone was not even close to what was advertised.  Junk, paper weight at best

excelent atention and th phone is greatim happy cuz i was a gift for ma boy and hi is  more than happy

I have owned it for a few months now. I love the design and the style. It really stands out. People who aren't big techie people even randomly give me compliments. Sleek curves, elegant design. I aspire to design something just as beautiful.The metal body has its ups and downs. If it gets any sunlight for an extended period of time it gets really REALLY hot. Easy enough once you know and just cover the thing with a shirt if you are at the beach and don't leave it on your passenger seat for a long road trip.The feel of the phone is something very positive 98% of the time (I find about 2% so far I have forgotten about the metal heat conductivity mentioned above lol). I can't find myself putting a phone case on it because it just feels so nice. Which leads to the next topic.The glass is not Gorilla Glass, somehow I put the phone with my pocket as my keys and now there are a few scratches. They are noticeable with the screen off, you really have to study the phone to find them all. Any color on screen and they vanish.The beats Audio Logo has worn on the back. That's fine by me, I am not a big logo who. Are you? The htc logo is still brilliantly vibrant and funny enough the FC logo and other verbiage ate still fine and intact.As for Phone features I could go on and on about each one of them and how I like them. For most of them I will say you get what you expect. The Beats audio does its job, my car stereo has never heard such deep bass and crisp tones. The IR sensor makes the phone a remote control, I would prefer a little different APP set up but it does do as you need it to. Memory is great, phone reacts very well and is quick. both cameras give very good pictures.The Front facing Speakers: I felt this aspect deserved its own paragraph. As what seems like such a small aspect and maybe to some not a selling point I am glad I gave it the chance. I love it. I would say I like it, and love really is meant for people and animals. I just wanted a word that was deeper and more impressive than like. Its fantastic. I can enjoy a movie while laying in bed, outside in a park or wherever I need to pretty much and the experience is fantastic. You partner that with the beats audio and you really have a fantastic multimedia device in your pocket.I hope I have been helpful and may amend this review as the phone becomes older. I only foresee the beats audio logo rubbing off fully as any real change.

Alright this phone is an awesome phone well I shouldn't even call it a phone because it does way more (I've only made like 3 phone calls in the three days I've had it, that's how much it does). First off, first glance at the box. Nice clean white square slim box just shy of an inch thick made of, thanks to HTC's green direction they're not to known for, recycled materials. I think that's awesome as I'm a alternative energy engineer.Back to the phone. Open the box and I see the beautiful HTC one in the box under the phone there is all the booklets that come with every new phone. The the mini usb cord and wall adapter. Plus a nice little surprise a set of ear buds with a Mic on the wire. Now the phone has beats audio built in, I have some $99.99 beats audio ear buds they sound awesome if your wondering. Now the head phones that came with the phone sound just as good!!! They don't have the beats logo but they feel and sound the same(besides for not have all the different ear inserts but they fit on these buds). So I think there beats.Okay now on to the phone looking at the phone quite impressed on the design. Fit in my hand perfectly like if it was meant for it. Kinda has some weight to it. I like that makes it feel more sturdy other than the galaxy s3. The screen is omg beautiful. My brother has the iPhone5 and in comparison the HTC one screen is better by far so crisp and bright.So flicking through the phone trying to figure out the phone and it's super simple. So simple your great grandma could use this phone. Htc's new ui is awesome a lot more smooth and home screen live tiles I think is an awesome feature.The camera is not a megapixel camera it's a ultrapixel. Your probably thinking what the heck is an ultrapixel!?!?! Well it's HTC's new camera. That the pixels are larger or something but it equals out to 4mp but it takes pictures better than the iPhone 5 in my opinion.Video capture is awesome there is a video on youtube called A Koola mane is a freestyle hip-hop video recorded on the HTC one. It was really loud in the room and the phone picked it up well.Pros:all metal constructioncamerascreenthe awesome loud front facing speakersbeats audio4glteCons:Dedicated buttons are to close to screen so when your trying to go home you could open something else on the screen your on.No sd memory slot even though it has 32 gigs of memory. I think is plenty but I would like the option.I give the phone 5* it's a really great phone.

Phone was good but the reason why it was sold so cheap was because the software which ran it was already old. I bought something new that ended up to be not so new at all. Very discouraging for my next purchase in Amazon.

The phone is a little wider than I'm used to, coming from an iPhone. It's more difficult to reach the left side of the screen with one hand and my thumb.I customized it quite a bit, but the hardware is solid. I like it a lot.

APRIL 29, 2013:  I have had my One for 11 days and the experience has been great.  A beautiful device that you can show on your work desk.  Priot to getting it, my major concerns were not having a replaceable battery or M-SD card slot but have found out that was not necessary.  Phone's call quality is great, the front facing speakers are superb, allowing a true stereo effect and the display has been surprisingly good even outside in sunny days.  Perhaps, one of the things I like the most is the level of customization w/o using Carrier's applications or those from third parties.  Sense and blink are new to me but were customized also to my likes.  The camera has some innovative features which I have tried but is something I am not interested in a cell phone.Have been conducting some "home tests" on battery life and noticed that per the phone's battery indicator, its consumption might not be linear; it shows that most of the charge is used during the first few hours and below 50% takes more time to be consumed.  Nevertheless, downloaded today a couple of applications to monitor which applications are most important regarding battery use.  BTW, with average use making phone calls, text messaging, accessing e-mails and web browsing, have been charging the phone every 36 to 48 hours (similar to the Droid X).  I am not into social media or extreme texting.Worth mentioning that changing from my three year old Moto-Droid meant switching from VZN to ATT but still in the 14 day return period.  ATT's signal is not as good as Big Red but so far has worked for me (except when in underground places).  I have no objective elements to compare the One to the S-4 as have always considered Sammy's phones "boring", too wide and cheap looking; phones not for me.  The HTC One looks very well made and the combination of aluminum with glass and black background on the screen makes it very attractive for all those that have not seen the device in person.  So far is a "keeper" and if you have one, experiment customizing it, a really fun experience.May 12, 2013:  I have been using my HTC One for three weeks and writing article this as a follow up to the first review published on 04/29/13.  Overall the device has been flawless although the ATT signal is not as good as the one from VZN.  My One is a silver 64GB phone that was preordered and even arrived before the expected date.  After having used a Droid X (with VZN) for three years my major concern on getting the One was the non replaceable battery.  Probably I am one of the few users who have a spare charged battery for all portable devices as live in a hurricane prone area and in 2005 (due to Hurricane Wilma) was without communication for over a week.The One's 2,300 mAh battery has been surprisingly good.  I am not into Facebook or other social media and use the device as a Telephone, for MM messages, for Text Messaging, for E-Mails and the Sense feature is always looked at and many articles read (a really nice feature).  Occasionally can watch a video or take photos but does not happen every day.  Regarding the phone's settings, the Power Saver and Sleep mode are on as well as the Mobile data and the Bluetooth.  Wi-Fi is off as have other devices that I use on said mode and the current contract w ATT allows plenty of data.  So far the battery use has been as follows:* Moderate Use:  1 day 11 hours consumed 51% of the battery.  For me, Moderate use is 10-15 calls, 10 messages, Internet searching, Sense news and 10-12 photos.* Light use:  3 days 12 hours used 75% of the battery life.  Light use for me is 4-6 calls, 10 messages, Internet searching, Sense news and 3-4 photos.* Heavy use:  3 days 5 hours have taken 83% of the battery life.  This means calling everyone on Mother's Day (20+ calls) 4-6 messages, Internet, Sense and two photos.Having stated the above ratings, the HTC battery lasts much longer that what I had anticipated.  BTW, I am in an ATT 4-G area with excellent phone reception and most of the time with Bluetooth devices.  I charge the phone every other day or every third day and no power problems as of now.  Of all the great features of the device, my biggest surprise has been the battery duration.  And being 2013, so many awesome phones do not have a replaceable battery, such as the Nokias 920/928, some of the new VZN Androids and not to mention the Apple products which date from 2007 w/o a replaceable battery.  Nevertheless, there are many alternatives to supplement power on these devices by external sources by simply a common micro USB connection (available anywhere) or even from your car's charger or even the computer.I was recently reading some reviews on the 16GB Sammy S-4 and seem they are having issues with the native storage capacity, especially w the 16GB version.  The OS and Native applications do not allow users much storage.  I was intrigued by this issue and looked up my phone DCIM source and with all the apps, ringtones & photos I have customized, these take less than 5GBs of the 64 that the phone natively have.  But I have just one movie and not songs/albums playlists.And lastly, a recent controversy has been published as the One has not been updated from the Android 4.1 to the 4.2 platform.  Having verified both of these, it might be useless as the One performs great and the newest version on the S-4  has some gimmicks that may look fine but will be useless for most users.News have been published that now VZN is planning to have the One after they had declined it because of their homologue DNA.  But my dearest friends from Big Red, it is kind of late...  Many users such as me, switched the amazing VZN coverage for ATT because you decided on not having the latest fashionably and optimal device.  This happened with the Nokia 920 last year and with the infamous Apple products several years ago.  Perhaps is time for the Big Red guys to re-evaluate marketing strategies.  Good luck with that!  You will need it.

I would rate this phone 5 stars, it is a gem.  But for now I gave it 4 (maybe should be 1).Has anyone else noticed...I received the phone with 4.3 Jellybean on it.  Checked for updates on the phone and there was the 4.4 KitKat update (direct through the phone).  So I updated.  Then looking in Camera, HDR, Panorama and ISO settings are missing.  Called HTC, went through a few things, last trying a factory reset.  Nothing returned the missing Camera options.  Called Amazon and they sent me another phone next day (usual great Amazon support).  This time I checked the 2nd phone before updating to 4.4 KitKat.  HDR was there but still no Panorama or ISO settings.  I performed the update to 4.4 KitKat and *poof* no HDR and still no Panorama or ISO settings.  After about an hour on the phone with HTC they opened a ticket on it calling it a known issue.  They said they had no other reports of the issue with the Camera software.  So, if anyone else does have the camera issues, please call it in to HTC.I am glad I bought from Amazon direct, not a 3rd party seller in Amazon for the returnability/customer service.And I notice the price sure fluctuates a lot, seeming daily.  It is selling today for $100 more than I bought it for a few days ago.Love the phone, hope HTC comes up with a software update/fix before my 30 day return is up as I would hate to have to return the phone for that reason.Edit:  In reading some 1 star reviews trying to find if anyone else is having the camera issue I am.Many people complaining of the "unlockedness" of this phone.  Mine came in the HTC boxed, sealed.  No carrier branding on the phone at all and no carrier specific bloatware.  Another good reason I think to buy direct from Amazon, not some 3rd party seller.  For the price it is now on Amazon, if HTC can not come up with a software update to correct the camera issues I will probably just buy direct from HTC though.

Great Phone! Probably one of the best on the market.

Nice phone

The HTC One is everything I expect from a phone and more.  It takes a little adjustment to get used to the layout but if you read the manual and tips and tricks you get used to it in no time.  Being an &#34;apple&#34; girl I had bought the iphone 4s.  But after having to download app after app to try to get it to work the way I wanted and then having trouble getting easy navigation from Siri, I sent it back.  The navigation on HTC works perfectly.  Understands me every time.  Car mode is excellent.  Sound is amazing.  Camera is the best I have seen from a phone.  I love the HTC sense and being able to choose what feeds I receive.  Battery life is as expected and not a problem.  I like being able to customize it for data usage so that I don't use more than I want.  I am with consumer cellular and it was easy to set up with their settings.  I have only had it a week but I am loving it more and more everyday.  The sleek silver goes well with my mac book pro.  Sorry Apple, you missed the boat on this one.

I LOVE my HTC One M7!!!!!! The sleek style, the apps, everything. It is taking a little while to get accustomed to it because I switched from a BlackBerry but I am happy I switched. The only thing I am unhappy with is the calendar reminders; they do not snooze and remind me as I would like them to.

Never thought i will say it but i have to admit i am very disappointed with HTC.I was loyal customer since first HTC HERO.Than latter upgrade to HTC Amaze which have lots of lags and finaly stop working by itself, Htc replaced it by warranty and have no issue. Than i got HTC ONE S, wich was good but crashes constantly on games and getting overheated.Now when they launch New HTC M7 i was one of the first to purchase it,The phone is excellent design and quality. I really like the screen resolution. Now i watch all movies on it.I like the way it feels in hands and bleenk feed, everything is perfect, except - Microphone, and signal strength.I called HTC about this problem, they suggested i do factory reset and if that does not help than change provider(I was with Koodo, switch to Virgin mobile)Factory reset does not help, so as changing provider.I called HTC tech support, and they said  its not a software issue but hardware.They also told me since i bought my handset from private person and not a provider (even it was brand new and sealed at time of purchase, originally from Bell) it is not covered by factory warranty and i will have to pay for repair of mic between 120-360$I jest spent $600 on the phone and was not planing to spent more money for repairs.To me it sounds unfair, as i am first person to use it from the time i open the box. I am not the only one having issue with sound quality people hearing me during the call, and this is known issue of HTC ONE M7.But HTC play ignorant to that.Taking to consideration that all last three models i owe have some manufacture lags HTC Amaze, HTC One S and HTC ONE M7 - i finally disappointed with this brand, and will not recommend it to anyone who is looking for reliable phone

This phone by far exceeds the bar set by iphone, amazing speed,pics, and just the best looking and best feeling while holding in hand, a winner in all areas IMHO

This was my second experiense with HTC Phone and I am very happy for this activity. First there were a little problems and seller fixed those problems as soon as possible. Phone is good and working. Special thanks to seller for this mobile and fast response.Regardszaur

It is an excelent product at an ok price...the finishes, the interface, the battery life oh my god, the one has outstanding battery life. I have had iphones and galaxys, but they dont hold a candle to the one. Outstanding product, just wonderful

The people saying that a one-star review does not concern price are no doubt of questionable character themselves. The Amazon question is "How do you rate THIS item?" and the answer is this item sucks since it is a complete rip off and looks to take advantage of unsuspecting customers.Yes, I own this phone and yes I bought it for $574.99 direct from HTC. And, yes, it is the unlocked version and, yes, I just confirmed that the international unlocked version is the same as the USA unlocked version and yes we are using it internationally in Brazil.There is little question that it is the best phone currently on the market with the Sony Xperia Z a close second. So go ahead and rip me for not giving it more than one star, but the guy should have been more fair with his price and therefore deserves the bad reviews. Hence, buy it, but not from this guy:shop america dot htc dot com

First let&#8217;s talk about size, is this phone too big is the first question people ask me? I&#8217;m a busy mom of 3 kids and often I use my phone more like my laptop. 5.9 inches of  screen real estate simply makes every task easier. Taking Photos, editing for Instagram, keeping tabs on my daughter&#8217;s social media, reading ebooks, GPS navigation, recipe research in the grocery store&#8230; oh yeah and talking/texting!You must use two fists to use this phone. I do stress about dropping it due to it&#8217;s size. But it fits in my back pocket and in my small shoulder purse. I was used to both the HTC One (4.7&#8221;) and the HTC DNA (5&#8221;) so I was already past using both thumbs to type.The answer?  I love the size of this phone. Watching people with MUCH smaller phones (I&#8217;m looking at you iPhone) makes me smile a little bit as I pull out my phone!The HTCOnemax comes with the upgraded HTC Sense 5.5 and there are several new features worth noting: The HTC Scribble App is new and one of the best note-taking, list-making, doodling and journaling apps I&#8217;ve ever seen (and I&#8217;ve tried a LOT). The TV Remote app is simply terrific. Even if you don&#8217;t use it as a remote, it has an amazingly functional program guide. No more searching for programs for hours on your awful TV/Cable guide! Plus added features like a fingerprint unlock scan, faster access to the most used settings and upgrades to the HTC Blinkfeed (option to turn it off and can now add your fave blog RSS feeds&#8212;love that!).Read my Full Review of new HTC Sense 5.5 on my blog.[...]Are you more about using your phone for all your entertainment needs?Now you can take it to the MAX! I&#8217;ve been catching up on Netflix Original Series&#8217; like Derek and Black is the New Orange. Watching on the Max&#8217;s large screen with HD quality is perfect when I&#8217;m waiting to pick up kids or while jogging on the treadmill! I now ONLY use my cell phone as my main eReader. Even the 5&#8221; screens I&#8217;ve used before were just too small for real reading compared to the Max.I&#8217;m all about cameras on cell phones.They&#8217;ve gotten so advanced I rarely use my big girl camera any more. The Max is no different. It has a 4MP UltraPixel rear camera and 2.1-megapixel front-facing camera. (Love the swipe across the screen to change to front facing camera.) The front-facing camera has a wide angle large enough to fit my whole family in a &#8216;Selfie&#8217; shot! And the HTC photo gallery now offers highlight videos, creating automatic mini videos from stills, Zoes and video you&#8217;ve taken at a particular event. You look like a professional with filters and music built in!And the final Maxed up treat&#8230;The battery length, even with the huge screen, is longer than any phone I&#8217;ve ever tested. With my constant mom-use I find the phone lasts around 26 or 28 hours. But with the HTC Power Flip Case with battery extender the Max routinely runs for 36 hours and longer! That is a GoodNCrazy long time!Please NOTE: I was given the #HTCOnemax to test out on an extended loan at no cost to me. My thoughts and opinions are my own. I am an Android fan.

I sent my phone in last week to get repaired because the microphone stopped working.  I got an email from HTC stating that they needed to replace the screen and case.  There was absolutely nothing wrong with the case the only thing that was broken was the microphone and that was a known issue for some of the handsets.  The worst part is that HTC is now charging me $200.00 to replace a screen and case that was not broken.  It's very disappointing because I love my HTC One!

I was an apple guy until this phone. In last 8 months I moved from iphone 5 to lumia 900 then lumia 920 again iphone 5 and finally HTC One. Yah, I need change and I guess I will settle down with htc one for a while. There are many good things about this phone which attracted me to get away from iphone 5.Mainly the build quality. Finally you can compare this directly to iphone 5's build quality. Though htc one exceeds iphone 5. I had iphone 5 for couple months and I can see dings here there. Also the body looked very weak. But HTC one looks rock solid. The screen is much better then iphone 5. The brightness and pixels really pops out. Dual speaker is a added benefit, though it's not a huge difference. I am using launched 8 on ONE and using it as a full time windows 8 phone. I moved away from lumia because of apps. But I liked the user interface of windows 8. So right now with HTC ONE I have build quality of iphone, user interface of windows and great apps form android.Only thing which bothers me is battery life. If I choose 30% brightness and wifi ,Lte, I can't make it to end of the day. So to remedy ,I used easy battery save app, greenify ,tasker and in car dock for charging. Now I don't have any complaints.Don't hesitate to buy this.

It has beautiful design, The speakers are amazing, and it just feels like an all around great device. The only downside would be the camera. Which in my opinion looks pixelated, and sometimes the photos look like they have too much noise.

Reade the Anandtech review first and foremost. Some others on this review thread pointed it out and I found it the most informative useful review out there. Google Anandtech HTC ONE.Also, if you get an unlocked version of the HTC ONE make sure if you are going to T-Mobile get a phone that came from T-Mobile originally. There is a band frequency that T-Mobile uses that can't be found on the AT&T; or international version. it will  still work, but you may be at reduced speed capabilities depending on which area you are and what has been farmed as far as bands go.I started in 2007 with smartphones. First using a blackberry curve (arguably semismart), then to some windows sliders, then to an HTC Amaze (toss up with GS2), then to a Galaxy S3. I loved my S3 and when it broke I was very sad, I will repair it and keep it as a backup, but move one. I Then went big and purchased the NOTE 3. Great phone but in the end it was too big for me. IO was on the fence for a GS4 when I revisited the HTC lineup and discovered the HTC ONE.The best way to describe this phone is mature. It is a very polished, stable, well designed piece of machinery. The phone speaks volumes about it's creators and designers. It is obvious they had an emotional attachment to this lineup and put their best efforts into it. They bucked the PIXEL MYTH with the Ultrapixel Camera, and made the effort to educate the masses instead of following the lemurs. If you know photography you know Pixels don't matter beyond a certain point. A 3.2MP is a 8x10 printed. The reduction in lenses size to bring larger pixel count to the market has caused a reduction in quality of the photo and the capability of the camera. HTC got this path right. Even if this one camera doesn't get it perfect it gets HTC on the right path to quality not quantity. I applaud them on bucking the trend here. They are giving people what they need here, and telling them why it's better. That's different.I won't talk about the speed of the phone, HTC sense, or the other software. If you like sense you like it, if you haven't used it it's quick to learn and looks nice. It's a personal preference. You can always flash to another rom on this unlocked rooted device anyway. The hardware and speed are like any other premium handset out there. Top notch. I will discuss the battery.This phone lasts longer than my GS3, by a good bit, but doesn't come close to my NOTE 3. This makes sense. The NOTE 3 basically runs off a car battery. It's huge. I expected that. You can get full days+ out of this phone. Don't be intimidated by the locked in battery and it's size. It works just fine and when you activate the power save mode, which HTC has done well with, you will notice fully respectable and usable battery life as well as no reduction in phone responsiveness. I applaud HTC again for finding a way to save power and keep the user experience impact minimal.UPDATE 3/6/2014: I had to wipe the to factory settings because the flash led wasn't blinking. HTC customer service was awesome in this respect. lady from HTC spent a good hour on the phone with me, had jokes, kept great mood. Turned out to be my fault with software I carried over from previous phones. Factory reset fixed the problem and then after that I noticed a huge increase in battery performance. I currently have 30hours uptime with 2.5 hours screen time and an hour phone time with 20% left.All in all this is a iPhone quality equivalent device that fits those who realize they need more flexibility and performance from a phone and android is the next logical step.Like I said, I was looking at the GS4 and even upon seeing the release of the GS5 coming up I decided on the HTC ONE. I have hit a point in my life where I want a device that is of good build and has excellent reliability. The gimmicks and neat tricks of the galaxy series don't work much for me anymore. The HTC ONE is practical, solid, reliable, and the software (ZOE) just makes good sense. I even use the blink feed, and I never used the FLIPBOARD from Samsung. I can tell in a milisecond wether or not I am interested in a news story and with the blink feed I was into it right away. I do wish they included CNN, FOX, MSNBC, and a few other news organizations in there as choices, but maybe I just haven't figured out how to get them included yet.The sound on this device is amazing. Plain and simple. If you are coming from a rear facing speaker you will wonder how you ever put up with that kind once you use this device. I used the beats headphones, and buds, paired with my GS3 and NOTE 3 and didn't realize what I was missing before I used the phone that was supposed to be with the beats. It helps. I'm not saying it's night and day, but it certainly helps that I'm using the right hardware with the right software.I didn't find the charging on this phone to be too slow. What I found was the last 10 percent of the charging takes a while. So 0-100% it will take about 3 hours. 0-80~90% and it goes fast. Like my GS3 fast. The NOTE 3 charged insanely fast. Good job to Samsung on that, but I wonder how the battery will hold up over time. HTC probably places the slower charge at the end to ensure battery life. Makes sense seeing as the interwebs rates this thing as nearly impossible to repair as a user. HTC apparently has some very special engineered tool for tearing it apart.In the end, do your research. Get what you feel you would be most comfortable with at your point in life. I was ready for this device. Used Samsung products before and loved those too, but if i'm honest with myself, I think I am going to stick with HTC and this line for a while. The updated M8 is coming out soon, but I like the smaller M7 4.7 screen. Not sure if I need the 5.1.

One of the best phone that i had in my whole life! The phone is alot faster than other devices. quad core and 4 ultra pixels, its like 3x mega pixels. it's easy to use than other android phones because the home menu is simple. This is Beats audio, and the boom sounds is very loud and clear, it has built-in amplifiers. HTC touched my heart.

Awesome and I can activated in Mexico as well, the product it's easy to use and the deliver was in two days

He's obviously trying to take advantage of the fact that it's not widely available AS YET. You can wait it out like many have decided or pre-order it from sites that have that option listed.Giving it a single star makes no sense only because it is priced like this. This is misleading because the phone itself deserves nothing less than 4 IMO.

First HTC one became a paper weight after a couple of weeks of use. Returned it hoping for better luck. The next one the part of the case covering the lens cracked for no reason (while in a protective case).  After a little research it sounds like this is a common issue.  HTC however considers it case damage not covered by warranty.  It could be a pretty good phone but can't recommend it, mainly because of terrible customer support.

I don't think the slight performance or feature advantages of other phones available right now make up for how awesome this phone is in regards to look and feel, sound, video, etc.It's just so pretty, performs awesomely, the sound is quite the experience, picture quality is great!Even if the camera is just 4MP! Unless you want or need to print something really large, you don't really need that much of megapixels, which, in my opinion are just overrated. The photos the htc one takes are great, if a bit smaller.. that's it...And the beautiful UI, it's simplicity!! I LOVE this phone!!!

it seems very nice and shiny.This is my first day using it.A really really nice phone. buy it it's better than iphone 5

No way people (or I am) willing to pay this much. Please name a reasonable price . One star for not being realistic.

Warning: huge review coming.For total transparency, I am a mobile application developer for a corporation. I get my hands on a variety of phones on a daily basis; I have myself owned a Motorola Droid, LG Quantum and Nokia Lumia 900 (both Windows Phone 7 phones), Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 7-inch, and now the Developer Edition of the HTC One. I have tested and used a Samsung Galaxy S4 before it was released to the public. I develop on iOS devices as well so have knowledge of iOS (iPhone/iPad), Android, and Windows Phone devices. I have not developed for Windows Phone 7/8 but was a daily user for two and a half years.The HTC One is the phone to bring me back to Android after I left the platform due to instability and poor hardware (6 Motorola Droids in six months is not okay). What follows is a review of the One, a comparison to the other flagship phones out there (iPhone 5, Samsung Galaxy S4, Nokia Lumia 920) based on my experience working with them and/or researching/considering them for my next personal device.HTC One Pros:-Build quality is phenomenal. One of the biggest drawbacks for me in Android phones, which actually kept me from returning to the platform, was that the quality of the materials used is just too cheap for the price point. Android is giving itself in many ways a reputation as the budget OS. Samsung is a key example, which still insists on using plastic (really, plastic) in their flagship phones. This is unacceptable. If I am going to spend $600+ on a phone, you better offer premium materials. The One really feels good in your hand. Yes, it's heavier than other phones out there--but for me this is an indicator that HTC didn't go cheap on materials. The aluminum is still very much a light material but way more solid than the cheap plastic of the Galaxy S4. Hold the two phones next to each other and I'd almost guarantee you'd pick the One over the S4 any day of the week. I have read some professional reviews that have expressed concern that the zero-gap build quality HTC advertises was not present in their review device. I am here to say that my device has none of those quality concerns. There are no gaps anywhere on the phone and everything is straight-edged and cleanly put together. HTC really shines in their build quality on this device.-Hardware. This goes along with the build quality point, but I really can't praise HTC enough for the materials they put in the One. No, the One does not have all the bells and whistles that the Samsung GS4 has. But the screen is beautiful (truly a masterpiece), the speakers are the best I have ever heard on a phone (and dual front-facing speakers is a stroke of pure genius--really, why hasn't anyone figured this out until now?) [side note, I consider the One's speakers better than my laptop's speakers--I own an ultraportable Lenovo X220T that has weaker speakers with less bass capability than this phone], and the One takes whatever I throw at it without ever stuttering.-The Cameras. This is both a pro and a con. The front-facing camera is great. I skype on a daily basis with my best friend in Japan. Today I skyped with him for the first time using the One. He commented that the video quality was significantly better than it had ever been (in comparison to my laptop, my Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 7-inch, and my Nokia Lumia 900) and the audio quality was better as well. Kudos to HTC on the front camera. As far as photo shooting goes, I have only tried it a small amount, but the camera is FAST to snap that shot. My 900 takes much longer to focus and get a shot--not the One. It's almost instantaneous. As others have mentioned, the low-light quality is very good. The colors are very true on the rear camera.-Blinkfeed. Okay, matter of personal preference. I hate most of the Sense UI (being completely transparent), but I actually like Blinkfeed. It's not as nice as the live tiles I had on my Windows Phone 7 to keep up with the people I care about, but it's nice to be able to scroll through facebook posts without actually having to deal with the facebook app. Some people hate Blinkfeed. Okay, understandable, it's a matter of preference. I do find it annoying that it is your home screen and not just a side screen instead.Cons:-The Rear-Facing Camera. Alright, I own a dedicated camera. But I never carry it around, and my phone is my de facto camera for mostly everything. However, I can say after taking shots with the rear-camera that I will now be taking my actual camera with me anywhere I want to take photos seriously. The One's camera just does not cut it. The 4MP shots are grainy, to the point that I can see the grains of the photo just in viewing them on the HTC's awesome 1080p screen. There's no way you'll ever be printing off photos and hanging them up with this device. I know MP is not an indicator of how good a camera is, but I would have been much happier if HTC had put in a 6MP or 8MP camera. If you plan on using this phone to take a lot of pictures and are really serious about your phone camera, this is not the phone for you.-The Sense UI. As I mentioned above, I hate mostly everything about the Sense UI. Off the top of my head I can't compare it to the old Sense UI (though I have tested with an Evo, it just has been many months), but I much prefer vanilla Android. Since this is an unlocked phone, though, and you have the option of getting the Developer Edition, I don't consider this a con. Android is open enough and tutorials are straight forward enough that if you are technical to at least some degree you can root and install a custom ROM or vanilla Android on this and get rid of the Sense UI. I can say I like Blinkfeed, but I hate the dedicated phone/messenger/browser/camera bar that takes up half my home screen, despise the app "drawer" thing HTC has going on, think the weather being shown everywhere is simply downright annoying and a total waste of space and valuable screen real estate. I'm sure I could continue but you get the idea. If you aren't able/willing to take the risk of rooting and installing a custom ROM, then make sure you like the UI before you buy.-Power/lock and volume rocker buttons are too flush with the device, which makes it hard to press them.I use an Otterbox with my One and find this helps significantly with the volume rocker issue, but this won't resolve the power/lock button (which in fairness is better than the volume rocker in terms of pressability).-Only two dedicated hardware buttons. Really, HTC? What were you thinking? Then, stick your stupid logo in the middle. I would have been happier if you had included a third button (the task/menu button, anyone?) where that logo is. The two button format is annoying and doesn't mesh well with Android, and will mean a learning curve for most users.Final Thoughts---------------------------------------------------------------------Most of my complaints about this phone actually center around Android, not the phone itself (No facebook chat integration directly with text messaging? Default music player is terrible? etc). For hardware and build quality, I consider this to be the best phone out there, with the one potential "competitor" being the Lumia 920. If you don't care about software and plan to hack away at this phone, buy it. If you are big into a software fit, then make sure you can deal with or like the Sense UI. I can say I do MUCH prefer the Sense UI over the S4's Touchwiz, which is even more incredibly frustrating to use.If you are considering this against the Samsung Galaxy S4, I would say to get it over the S4 unless the camera is a dealbreaker for you. The S4 may have more "features" and bells and whistles, but the quality and flimsiness of the phone are just not what I consider worthy of a flagship phone. Furthermore, Samsung's UI (Touchwiz) has a laundry list of annoying "features" as Samsung tries to separate itself even more from vanilla Android. This is not always a good thing, and for Samsung it is obviously a big negative. Also, as a final note--Samsung's customizations of the Android OS have resulted in it being one of the biggest problem "children" for the company I work for. Its implementations of different services make things break constantly. So be aware that buying a Samsung may very well mean that your favorite apps, which work perfectly on other manufacturer's devices, won't act the same on a Samsung. Consider, finally, that the initial phones have had widespread problems with overheating on the S4...so buyer beware there, and it might behoove you to wait for the initial rush of devices to get sold, then get a later batch that probably went through a better rigor of QA without Samsung rushing production.If you are considering this against the iPhone 5, I don't even know why you are. The iPhone 5 has good build quality, but the specifications just aren't what you should expect for the price you would pay (which is significantly more than even the 64gb Developer Edition of the One). Android, feature-wise, has surpassed iPhone in my opinion. If you like iOS and hate Android, not sure why you're looking at this phone to begin with. But if you're looking purely at hardware, the One is the way to go.If you are considering this against the Lumia 920, I would first suggest waiting if possible for the next flagship from Nokia. I consider Nokia to be one of, if not the best, quality manufacturers out there for smartphones. However, the 920 has a lot going for it and its build quality rivals the One's, with the benefits of wireless charging capability and a much better camera. However, the bigger factor in most people's minds will be Android vs. Windows Phone 8. That is pure preference and I would recommend doing your research and testing out each device in the store before making your decision.Edit: I bumped the review to 4 stars. All of what I said above is true, but I think for this to be truly 5 stars, HTC should have done a better job with the camera. I have since used the camera more and am just disappointed in the quality of the pictures it takes. HTC branded "UltraPixel" to cover up the 4MP camera, but in this day and age, there really is no reason why they should have taken that step backwards on the camera. Otherwise, great phone, and I still think it wins out over the competition if you have a stronger inclination towards music/video quality over camera.Edit 5/19/2013: I returned my phone, for quality issues surrounding signal strength. I bought the Developer Edition; this is a KNOWN issue from the research I have done, with others having similar experience when comparing the Dev Edition to the AT&T; HTC One side by side (do a quick Google search and you will find threads on different forums addressing it). HTC is NOT addressing it, despite being made aware of the issue. I am disappointed; it doesn't seem to be universal, but enough people are noticing it and have made HTC aware that I would expect a response that involves fixing it.I have decided to order another HTC One Developer Edition in hopes that my last one was a lemon. If this one fails to hold signal (my last one would not send texts consistently, allow me to make phone calls, or show signal in places where I previously had 4-5 bars of LTE -- after checking the dBm's I have confirmed that it had a significantly weaker signal than my fiance's Nexus 4 and my old Nokia Lumia 900, using the same SIM card on the same network), I will update again, and my rating will drop. If you do purchase one, I highly recommend confirming that your signal strength is what it should be, especially if you notice difficulty sending/receiving messages or making phone calls in places you previously did not have problems.

It has absolutely nothing to envy to iPhones. The best Android phone ever. Beautiful above all, HTC is doing things really fine.

this was not the phone describe, I sent it back almost 3 months ago, no money back, very very disappointing

Very good product..battery lasts two days max with mobile data enabled.,  I don't like that you can't turn off blink feed but I think that's addressed in the sense update.  I'm not a big photographer so the camera works more than well enough. Best thing about this phone is the clean sound that is heard through its speakers,  I owned quite a few phones before and they don't compare to this at all,  sound is very impressive for a phone.

This phone is amazing! HTC out did themselves here.Coming from an Evo 3D this is a huge upgrade. HTC sense is now cleaner and more efficient. BlinkFeed is a surprisingly usefull addition to the software.I personally use it to stay updated with soccer,mma, and tech news.This phone does almost everything right. The one crushes all other phones. It has the best screen (1080p 4.7 in. 468ppi), the best speakers (dual front facing speakers with beats audio), the best build quality (full aluminum body which feels great in the hand). The only let down would be the 4mp camera which doesn't give u the sharpest pics out there. It is great at low light though being that they are 4 ultra pixels. This unlocked version will also get android updates fast . It shipped to me with jelly bean but I already got the 4.4 Kit Kat update and also sense 5.5. Battery life is decent but could be better. It gets u through the day with a bit of juice leftover. I'm really enjoying this phone and would recommend it to any one, and over any of the other flagships (iPhone 5s, Galaxy S4) if u don't mind the camera.

very good features for reasonable price.Camera is very good,pictures are really nice.THe screen response is fast and good.The acustics are just beautiful.

Once you get familiarized with the phone you&#8217;ll begin to love it and cherish it. Just a few things I dislike about it and you should consider before getting it:1. The battery will get warmish/hot to the touch (won&#8217;t burn you) while using internet and / or running an application.2. The camera is darker than a Samsung phone and does not allow you to adjust the ISO, flash and other photo features.3. and the battery won&#8217;t last long if running internet (only day and half).

Long story short, I been an iPhone user since the 1st generation, before there was an App Store, before any carrier except ATT had it. Fast forward to iPhone 5. I've been skipping a lot of Android phone because I didn't think they were up to the standard of what a Smartphone should be. Android Apps used to be ugly, buggy, laggy, and their Apps store was limited. I'm glad to say that this is a thing of the past. This HTC One is my first Android phone that will replace my iPhone 5. After spending a crap load of time with the HTC One, here is my comparison:What I can do on the iPhone that I can also do on the HTC One:-Watch full length HD movies without crashing-Notes, documents, and to-do list can continuously sync to Google-HTC One aluminum body is as good as the iPhone 5'sWhat I can do on the iPhone 5 that I can NOT do on the HTC One (also cons for this phone):-I can easily use the iPhone with one hand-HTC One battery only last about 3/4 as long as the iPhone-iPhone will generally charge faster with the same charger-iPhone physical home button is very useful for turn the phone on, not found on HTC-iWork Apps and iCloud is better than Google Drive and the other Android alternatives-iMovie editing is still the best-iOS have builtin pdf, image, docx, doc, excel, and other format readerWhat I can do on the HTC One that I can NOT do on the iPhone:-Swipe keyboards are faster and surprisingly accurate-Emulators-Files transfer and organize like a real computer-Virus protection is built into the OS-Launcher means you can always change the UI if you get bored-True multi-tasking-Torrent downloads-Network file transfer and streaming is just like a real computer-You have the option to install any App-Micro-USB are better or equal in quality than lighting connector at a cheaper price-Android Apps are generally more capable-No more iTunes or any management software needed.IMO, these are the main features that are worth switching over to Android. Many of the features on the HTC one or Androids in general are not gimmicky features, but they are actually very useful. I waited for iOS 7 and the 5S before getting the HTC one. Considering that Apple is still selling the iPad 2, we will not see any Apps that will take advantage of the 5S hardware for a very long time. Also, iOS 7 is basically a cosmetic upgrade rather than a major feature upgrade. Frankly, jelly bean is miles ahead of iOS at this point. A few UI and animation tweaks, and adding a quick menu in iOS 7 isn't going to make much differences. I thought that after all these years Apple would put less restrictions on the iPhone Apps, use regular Micro-USB, or add a SD slot, but they have failed to do these simple things and it's really their fault if everyone starts switching to other phones.As for the other Android phones, it was tough choosing between the HTC One, S4, and Nexus 5. To break it down:S4: 3+ hours longer battery life, with replaceable battery, SD cardNexus 5: Newer Snapdragon 800 CPUHTC One: Built quality, really good speakersI pick the HTC One, because I have a place to charge my phone at least for 2-3 hours midday. The aluminum design was nice and sturdy. The bassy speakers is an experience in of itself. Also 32GB is enough for installing 3-4 larges games with 5-6 movies too, along with many small apps, pictures, documents, etc.To get an idea of the battery life, my HTC One battery went from 100% to 10% in 4-5 hours. I spent 40mins watching video, 30mins mp3, 2 hours internet radio, 2 hours torrent downloading, 1 hour converting videos, 1 hour web browsing, and some texting and YouTube in between. Most are done at the same time. I'm sure that all the cores were running since the phone felt warm, but no slow down at all. I consider this heavy usage. A 2A charger or the stock charger can add 60% battery in 1.5 hours.Cons:-Battery is okay, but I wish it lasted longer and charge faster since it's not replaceable-no sdcard-bad button placement, and the only power button is to short. I also tend to hit the volume button when I try to turn the phone on. It also depends on the case you use.-Phone gets warm-Low resolution camera, bad for zooming. Also depth of field problem at close shots which causes blurriness.It's been another week+ prior to that review above. It's safe to say that the switch was without regret. Both iPhone and HTC One are totally different phones. The iPhone exclusive features seems insignificant at this point. I'll be frank, the HTC One with Jelly Bean completely destroys it in nearly every category. Swiftkeys keyboard works great. Next launcher 3D looks amazing on the phone. Chrome can handle any webpage at fast speed. Apps and games load fast. The Playstation emulator works perfectly with enough power to even speed the games up. The speakers are very bassy, loud, clear, and no cracking at high volume. The sound are especially amazing with emulators and games. Makes me glad to choose this over the other Android phones. Apps are not buggy anymore, compared to older Android phones. No more syncing with iTunes, all my files are directly dragged in from my network folders using the phone. Apps that I've had on the iPhone are replaced on the Android that are far more powerful such as Sleep Cycle -> Sleep as Android, Video -> MX Player, Music -> DFX Player, Maps -> Google Maps, Note -> Google Keep, and Weather notification -> Weather widgets. I hope HTC continues to develop this phone, I think it's the best Android phone you can get right now.EDIT: I am downgrading this to 3 stars due to Kitkat version 4.4 update. The call voice keeps dropping and there is no way to use my otg cable anymore to access my flash drive. Other than that, I don't see any improvement from Kitkat, seems to just made the phone worst. I will probably switch off HTC brand for my next phone.

Great. Best phone out there, well they have a new one now but still. I'm very content with my purchase

well I was in love with Samsung phone but when I saw a video on YouTube about this phone , I sold my Samsung note 3 and get this phone

I know it was assembled by a 6 year old but I didn't know it was designed by one as well.It was slow to load, it peaked at 150Kbps on wifi, it got very hot for no reason.I hated this thing and returned it after 30 hours of ownership.Other issues.Images are named IMG00#. After restarting the phone it restarted the number count and overwrote the pictures.This weird movie montage of my photos started randomly twice (screen saver?). Waste of power.Had to scream for the mic to pick me up.ATT called the phone defective, I guess it has to be, if that is the norm than this company wouldn't exist.

Now I just have to wait for cricket's takeover by AT&T to hurry along so I can use it on my network. It looks like it's in perfect condition. I'm really excited for this phone. It's supposed to be a music lover's dream.

a couple of weeks into buying this phone from the seller it started freezing up and over heating so i had to factory reset it a few times now the last time i reset it the phone stop getting a signal from my phone company so it became useless to me.. i send it to a repair shop and the guy told me that the board has a hair line crack so my phone is not good any more....

Everything I expected, except the fact that it came with chinese characters active. Took some fiddling to get it sorted.

after having a number of mobile phones i must say this htc one is the best ever to stay on top for a while

The cellphone is wonderful! But there are two problems!1. I can not find the appropriate RUU online.2. The hotspot doesn't work with T-mobile. If I change a google cellphone, it works.Thanks!

The best smartphone ever!!!

The first month it works very well. But one night the cell phone became very hot and the battery died so quick even it was in airplane mod. I thought it was because the screen was turned on in my pocket and then I charged it for a whole night. The next morning I found I couldn't even open it. I tried many different cables and chargers and none of them was working. I'm pretty sure it wasn't the chargers' problem because they work on another HTC cell phone. Very disappointed!!!

After years of using just about every iPhone since the original, I decided it was time to give Android a try to see how it compares. I've had this phone for about 10 months now, so I feel like I've adjusted enough to provide a fair review.The first thing that puts me off about this phone is that Android lacks the elegance of iOS. I think that iOS provides a much better stock look and feel and overall user experience (even after nearly a year of using the HTC One). Additionally, and this may be specific to this model, but the phone seems very finicky and glitchy in comparison and this also seems to go for many of the apps. The most frustrating bug was when I installed a stock OS update and the phone ended up in a boot loop. I had to perform a factory reset and lost a lot of my recent photos and data that I hadn't backed up yet. A lot of the apps that are available for both Android and iOS seem to lag behind on new feature updates and lack the same attention to detail in the Android app market.The real killer though, is that unlocking the bootloader to flash new recovery and rom images voids your warranty. Why would I want to buy an Android if I can't unlock the bootloader? Customizability is one of Android's biggest selling points, and a locked bootloader really limits what you can do. I'll be unlocking it anyway, but the fact that it voids my warranty is super disappointing.I think that most people who are interested in this phone would be happier with an iPhone. More elegant and straight forward, better customer support, better apps, and more reliable. I'll probably have to give one of the Google devices a chance before I completely condemn Android, but I definitely won't be buying another HTC device in the foreseeable future.

User friendly, perfect size and large screen. Speakers are loud and powerful. Battery last longer then the iPhone. Camera superb.

The reviews are spot on. This phone is amazing! I love the build quality and the ease of use. The zoe mode is especially awesome.

I have had this Android phone from HTC for a few days now and i am impressed with the machine.Pros:-Good Quality Build & Design-Beats Audio & Front speakers-New 802.11AC Wifi adapter-1080 HD 4.7" screen.-HTC Sense Feed & crisp font.-Highly sensitive smooth response to touch with no issues-Near Field communication & Bluetooth 4-Inbuilt InfraRed Remote Control to control your TV, CableBox & Home Theater.-FM radio & Gesture support.Cons:-The power button is small & unusually placed on top.To wake up the machine U now have to tap the power button.-Your OS updates are at the mercy of AT&T;, HTC & Google.This phone is hTC answer to the Apple iPhone & is recommended for any one who seeks an iPhone experience on the Android OS.

This phone is exactly what I was looking for; sleek design, amazing camera, super fast switching between apps, clear screen, and sensational sound quality.  Only thing that you want to know is to get a MICRO SIM CARD!!!!  I have not found this out from other reviews.  Saves you time and a pain to get a MICRO SIM CARD.  Net10 works with my unlocked phone.  Thank you Amazon!

Great phone. I've been waiting for an Android phone that looks at good as an iPhone. This is it. I'm definitely a convert.

The only bonus is that I managed to wheedle this thing for free from my new carrier. The sound quality is no better than the 6 year old Blackberry I replaced it with.  The selection of apps is paultry compared to the iPhone - but I didn't care because I wanted a phone, not a toy. I was hoping that after 20 years of owning various cell phones that I could just plug the thing into my computer with a USB cable and copy files off the phone, but nooo....The documentation does not match my phone. The settings they say I can use do not exist. I am unable to transfer information from my phone to my laptop using the USB port (the documented settings do not exist on my phone), Bluetooth does not work (tried on three different computers) - and again the documentation does not match the phone, and everything requires I run all of my data through some corporation like Google, which means I may as well put my data on a billboard across the street from the Blue Cube.Would it kill them to document their product each time they come out with a new model?Would it kill them to have you me able to stick the USB port into a best selling computer and have it see the photos and contact list?Why does everything have to go through some privacy killing site like Google or Facebook?

worst phone i ever bought... i had it working for less tahn a month and one day the phone just stopped working. the screen got locked: &#34;quietly brilliant&#34; and it wasn't reseting anymore. i tried everything to fix it (even what the htc support guys told me to, and NOTHING). this is a rip off. never buy this product.

Great phone, no need further reviews there are thousand online, just get it.

I found HTC one an excellent equipment that meets my all expectations. Screen size of this phone is something apple is going to adopt in its next version :).

Light, wondrous screen, impeccable sound system and it's Android got quickly upgraded to the Kitkat version. Despite the fact HTC has left Brazil earlier this year, I had no trouble with it.Totally worth the price.

Got this one for $175 at a big box store with 2 yr contract, its' currently $150. I've owned every iphone from 3gs to the 5, plus I've owned the Galaxy S3.The new HTC One (M7) has exceeded my expectations. I'll give it a quick rundown.THE GOOD:*Lighting fast, silky smooth and elegantly understated.*Infrared TV remote is super simple to set up and works like a champ.*Best looking smartphone made imo, super high end look and feel.*The ultra pixel camera is seriously underated. Indoor pics taken without the flash are super sharp and fast.*The 1080 LED screen is the best I've seen, not oversaturated like the S3 (which reminds me of a plasma screen). It's not narrow like the undersized iphone 5 I have, but similar in brightness.*Blinkfeed. HTC's version of Flipboard. At first I viewed it as a downside, but I now actually like it. However, it needs to be more customizable. For instance, the very few news agencies to choose from I don't care for, would like a broad selection. Can't erase blinkfeed, but you can assign your custom homepage.*Beats Audio. I also viewed this as a gimmick at first thinking I could eq my own settings with an app, but it actually sounds great. I use it all the time with my car stereo and with headphones. If you like bass, you'll like.*The supplied headphones. They look cheap, but are the best sounding and most comfortable earbuds I've used, enormous bass without screeching highs - smooth. My wife loves them, so I found her some. Very comfortable.*Call quality is great.*No need for expensive chargers like the iphone 5.THE BAD*You can't remove some apps like Facebook and AT&T; junkware. However it's not that intrusive, it's just there. The competition is about the same in this regard.*If you are an iphone user you may not like the bigger size, I use both hands at times. The iphone OS interface is more simple and intuitive than Andriod, but the iphone traps you into the not-so-intuitive itunes.*I had the issue of not getting photos from texts from iphone users. Later found out that my old iphone 4 still had IM active even though the phone was off. This was not HTC's fault. I contacted them via email and they were great quick responses. But, they did not recognize the problem which imo should have been top on the HTC IT support flowsheet. Called ATT and they didn't have a clue. My wife had her iphone 5 checked and an ATT employee happened to walk by and diagnosed the issued. Anyway I'm back in the saddle.CONCLUSIONI'm quite happy with the HTC ONE and am really enjoying it. I like it being simplified, so I can add what apps I want from the google play store. It won't be soon outdated. This is a cutting edge gadget. Nice.

great device, good price, recommanded to all android fans. faster and stronger then samsung, amazing camera tricks and filters.  so cool.

Looked pretty good, except the camera. But one day, after only a month of use, it turn off and never can turn on again.

This is coming from an iphone owner as well, I've had nothing but issues with this phone and I'm on my second one as well. Do yourself a favor and DO NOT BUY HTC. They are bloated with pre installed advertisements as well from AT@T and a bunch of other crap. You can't remove them either! Battery life is 2-4 hours with constant use. HORRIBLE

HTC one is the best phone i have ever used by far !! the built quality is amazing, the software is very clean and streamlined. extremely recommend it .

Just FYI, this review is tailored toward iPhone users, but hopefully can help other peeps as well!I am a long time iPhone user, having purchased my first in 2008 to complement my Mac computers.  The intentional hardware/software integration of Apple devices always worked well for me and pleased me, but my trusty old iPhone 4 was a brick compared to modern phones.  I was waiting until the release of the 5s to use my upgrade, and while I think the new iPhone is a great phone overall, I found myself with a yearning for something different after it came out.  A little bigger screen, a few more customization options, and I don't know...I just needed a little break from iOS, and there was nothing on the iPhone 5s I just HAD to have.  I like the iPhone.  I like Apple.  But I also like change.But most Android phones, for Apple devotees especially, just don't feel solid.  If you've never used an iPhone or a MacBook pro, maybe you can see past the hardware, but I simply couldn't get over the "cheap" feeling when holding a Samsung Galaxy S4 or Moto X.  I do realize they're good phones, but Apple spoils and seduces with its beautiful hardware, and I couldn't let go.  Moreover, Apple just has cleaner interfaces compared to most Android phones, which always felt a bit cluttered to me.While the Galaxy S4 is probably more widely believed to be the premier Android device at the moment, I kept running across mentions of the HTC One, which was held to be the S4's equal performance wise, and of a far higher design quality, perhaps even in the class of Apple products.  After reading review after review, and agonizing between the One and the iPhone 5s, I bit and bought my first non-Apple smartphone.  Give me credit, that was big step for a long term Apple guy!And I'm so glad I did!  This phone is, I believe, the aesthetic equal of the iPhone in terms of hardware, something I'd never run across before.  And in terms of software aesthetics, it blows other android operating systems away in terms of design and pleasure of use.  Yes...for an Apple guy, the inevitable bloatware (from AT&T;, especially) was obnoxious and just feels so wrong and unnecessary.  But it's also easy to ignore and delete, and I actually feel more pleasure using the HTC Sense layered Android of the HTC One than I did with iOS 7.  It's a bit more complicated, but also more upgradeable.  And the software just looks good, not as cluttered as other Android devices feel to a previous iOS user.  The hardware and software are seamlessly integrated, which for iPhone-types is a must.  The bright, sharp screen, the aluminum, the well-thought-out buttons...I'm very impressed.  Overall, if design - hardware OR software - is important to you and you are considering Android phone, this is by far the best device I've found.In terms of features, the Beats Audio is probably twice as loud as iPhone speakers, and the sound quality is good, given its a smartphone.  I like that the speakers are on the front, which gives you perceivable stereo audio when watching movies.  Compared with my iPhone 4, the camera is superb, though it actually only has 4 megapixels - which, I'm figuring out, is not the best way to judge a phone's camera quality.  You don't get the zoom detail like you do from other phones, no.  But the pictures are always bright and sharp, the shutter is instantaneous, and the low-light pictures are absolutely wonderful (which is why the lower MP count was intentionally used).  Finally, the front-facing camera - if you're into selfies - is one of the best on any phone.  And having switched from iPhone, the whole lack of removable storage thing - a gripe from some reviewers - seems silly.The HTC one does not have ALL the features of the S4.  However, it has higher quality in the features one actually uses.  That's way more important, to me at least.Performance wise, the phone is snappy as could be.  Even though it came out earlier than some of its main competitors, it maintains some of the highest speed and power specs in the market.  The 4G is blazing fast, and the wifi connects seamlessly.If you do switch from iPhone and run Mac computers, you will notice that the device does not sync as seamlessly as iPhones.  Sorry, Android aficionados, its just a fact - there's no argument to be made.  The automation simply isn't there.  And I never had to download third party apps to sync with an iPhone.  Speaking of which I highly recommend AirDroid, which was the easiest to use sync app for the HTC One.  Another peeve after switching was that my DRM-protected (older) iTunes downloads couldn't be transferred to the HTC One until I did some finagling.  And switching to Google cloud services (calendar, picture storage, reminders, etc.) instead of iCloud from Apple does take a bit of getting used to.But I had everything working with no hiccups with just a couple of hours of work.  To me, it was totally worth it.  There's a learning curve with any change.So here's my recommendation:For iPhone users who like change and just want to try something new, this phone will please you over and over again. For Android users, ditch the clutter and plastic and get a phone that will make you feel something.  Get the HTC One, I absolutely love it.

great phone - with nice features and solid performance.easy to use, long battery life, good speakers and great screen.

evrything that is written about the supplier and about the handset - is 100% true.Just imagine that this handset has several times the computing power than Neil Armstrong (RIP) had while landing on the moon.weldone

Hello, this is my first time reviewing an &iacute;tem but I think the HTC One deserves it.  This phone is amazing.  I am from Panam&aacute;.  I didn't buy it from Amazon because of the prices.  I buy the 64GB Developer Edition directly from HTC USA, thanks to some very good friends of mine in USA that helped me a lot.This phone is a gift for my wife.  She had the Samsung S3 last year in August, but in January the S3 got the Sudden Death Syndrome.  Dead, cannot be restarted.  We take it to Samsung service because it was at warranty period but the person that receive it tell us that because of a little scratch in the bottom plastic case the warranty was void.  How disappointing to hear that a $600 cellphone that has software problems (that Samsung know it had) don't be repaired because of that little scratch that maybe was done by switching case.  My wife take extremely care of that phone, not even dropped it, and they tell me that we dropped it.  That is why I will not buy any crappy plastic cellphone from Samsung now.Now let speaks of the HTC One.  Maybe everyone already know about the specs and technical stuff so I will only said it is at par with the Samsung S4, even better in some aspects.  It is very beautiful like the Iphone 5 style.I like that it has a lot of languages for me to choose up from the start and I didn't had to download apps to put the language I needed (chinese).  You can even configure it at "HTC Start"  so you can put all your info and apps you want first, before it arrives to your hands.  Speakers are very loud and screen is crystal clear and sharp.Blinkfeed is a nice and useful feature.  You can search feeds from different parts of the world in theirs respectives languages. My wife loves the Zoe mode.  She likes to changes and edit her photos a lot now.  And it is the best cellphone camera to take pics at low light settings.  I bet you that, now, there is no cellphone camera that will compare to HTC One in night shot.  Only flaw in camera is that only 4Ultrapixel so you don't get a lot of details when you enlarge the photos.The interface is very customizable (better than the S3) and the battery gets all day long at normal setting.  With the Power Saving feature on, it is better still, with more than 50% remaining at night.  The TV remote app is very useful.  It recognize my TV and my Cable box even when if it is from Panama.  It is a shame that I can only use the remote on the Cable to change channels and volume.  It will be great if they had included other countries (like Panama) to their contents.I totally recommend this phone.  It is very customizable, powerful, elegant, can be used in almost every country (the unlocked version of course), battery saver,  excellent night shots, and feel that the money you expended in it, be worth.  For $650 the 64GB unlocked Developer Edition, this phone is a must buy.Version en Espa&ntilde;ol:Hola, esta es mi primera rese&ntilde;a que hago en Amazon, pero este tel&eacute;fono lo vale.  El HTC One es incre&iacute;ble.  Soy de Panam&aacute;.  El tel&eacute;fono no lo compre en Amazon sino lo compre directo de Shopamerica.com.  Tienes que tener tarjeta de cr&eacute;dito americana para comprarlo.  No lo venden si no eres de USA.  Yo lo compre gracias a unos buenos amigos en Illinois.  Compre el HTC ONE Developer Edition 64GB que est&aacute; totalmente desbloqueado.  Al comienzo ten&iacute;a solo para llamar pero en Movistar me ayudaron a configurar el WAP y la internet.  Ahora tengo se&ntilde;al H+( 4G).Este celular es un regalo para mi esposa.  Ella ten&iacute;a un Samsung S3 en agosto del 2012.  Le dio el Sindrome de Muerte S&uacute;bita en Enero de 2013.  Fuimos al Servicio Autorizado de Samsung en Panam&aacute; porque todav&iacute;a estaba en garant&iacute;a.  Que decepci&oacute;n mas grande cuando la secretaria me dice que por un ray&oacute;n en la parte inferior del celular(dice ella que estaba golpeado), la garant&iacute;a ya no era v&aacute;lida.  Mi esposa cuido ese celular como no tienes idea.  Ese ray&oacute;n me imagino que fue cuando cambiaba el estuche, como son celulares de pl&aacute;stico, all&iacute; debi&oacute; ocurrir el ray&oacute;n.  Lo peor fue que ni siquiera vio si el da&ntilde;o era por su software descompuesto (y Samsung sab&iacute;a de ese problema de software).  Asumi&oacute; que era nuestra culpa y nos dijo que ten&iacute;amos que pagar la reparaci&oacute;n.  Por esta raz&oacute;n no vuelvo a comprar un celular pl&aacute;stico de porquer&iacute;a de Samsung.Ahora hablemos del HTC One.  Para no aburrirlos con las especificaciones t&eacute;cnicas, solo les dir&eacute; que esta a la altura del Samsung S4, hasta est&aacute; mejor en algunos aspectos.  Es elegante y pulido como el estilo del Iphone 5.Me gusta que puedas escoger entre muchos lenguages de salida.  Soy chino y no muchos celulares vienen con la opci&oacute;n de tener ingl&eacute;s, espa&ntilde;ol, y chino juntos en la configuraci&oacute;n.  Antes ten&iacute;a que bajar apps para esto.  Hasta puedes preconfigurarlo en "HTC Start" con tu info y tus apps favoritos antes de que llegue a tus manos.  Las bocinas suenan alt&iacute;simo y la pantalla es super n&iacute;tida.Blinkfeed es muy &uacute;til.  Lo puedes rellenar de noticias locales tanto internacionales ya que puedes elegir de que regi&oacute;n quieres las noticias.  A mi esposa le encanta la fotos Zoe.  Son minis videos de 3 segundos en donde salen hasta 20 fotos y los puedes editar y cambiar.  ES LA MEJOR CAMARA DE CELULAR PARA TOMAR FOTOS CON POCA LUZ.  Lo &uacute;nico malo es que solo tiene 4 ultrapixeles por lo que las fotos no se ven bien si las agrandas.La interfaz  se puede cambiar a tu antojos y gustos.  La bater&iacute;a te dura un d&iacute;a entero si lo tienes normal.  Si activas el Ahorro de Energ&iacute;a te puede llegar hasta la noche con mas de 50% de bater&iacute;a.  El app que controla la TV es buen&iacute;simo.  Tengo la cajilla de Cable Onda en mi casa y me lo reconoci&oacute;.  L&aacute;stima no tiene la programaci&oacute;n local instalada, sino ser&iacute;a lo m&aacute;ximo.Para resumir, recomiendo totalmente este celular.  Es muy amigable, poderoso, elegante, se puede usar en cualquier pa&iacute;s (eso s&iacute;, tienes que comprarlo UNLOCKED y no "no contract", no es lo mismo), ahorrativo, toma excelentes fotos nocturnas.  Se siente como si valiera la pena todo el dinero que pagar&iacute;as por el.

I used iPhone,that the galaxy s3 to the note 2,and now i'musing the one .I find the one to suit my needs to the maximum .There's a few things I've discovered that I prefer.The screen.it is beautiful.No finger smudgesand I don't find myself cleaningthe screen. Half as much if at all compared to the galaxy phones.I enjoy sense BlinkFeed,the Ir blaster everything.I can't even compare it to the iPhone.The iPhone. Simply does not meet my needs anymore.I love the 4,7 screen size and I find I can use with one hand and being hard if hearing I was stunned that for the first time in my life an alarm from a phone woke me up!!!@The headphones with music listening experience is outstanding.I am loving music again....if you like music this is your phone!!!I cab see the screen. In daylight and the Camera works fantastic!!beautiful pictures!! it takes much nicer pics than my note 2 took...it's 4 UltraPixel.Try utilizing zor and you can make videos by clicking highlightsand even download and use whatever song you want.I have so much fun with this phone ,it's thBest phone experience I've ever had.It did take me three days to get used to a smaller screen from the note 2....but now the note2 screen would feel too large.This is how we get used to things.I love HTC this is my first HTC phone and everything about it is top notch.The One thing is battery life.. it coukdve used a bigger battery vs the note 2 I'm charging more however it firs have a power saver mode and there are many ways today to get a charge if needed.

Abuse is I bought two new phones on sale and return me ... that really does not happen, but I am very upset

Beautifully built smart phone. Came unlocked. Took it to a T mobile store and got it activated at no cost. I could not get my phone numbers transferred from my old Samsung 3 which was not turning on at all, But downloaded the numbers from T Mobile website, so it was OK. Suggest everyone should save their contacts in T Mobile website. Phone has good reception, nice camera. Recommend highly

I expected what I thought I am going to have.  I love it and I am enjoying it as well.

I bought a HTC One for myself and a Samsung Galaxy S4 for my mom (its what she wanted), believing the HTC One to be the better device.The developers at Samsung spent *way more* effort on their software, and it shows. Everything from the camera having more modes (like being able to create .gif images, and oil pastels), to features like Group Play.It feels like every other day she's showing me a cool feature her device can just do without needing to install another app.Comfort yourself by saying, &#34;but the HTC One has better hardware!&#34;Yeah, maybe. The Galaxy S4 also has a better display, and after you put it into an Otter Box who cares if the case is plastic.I'm not going to return my HTC One, but I'll do some more research before I buy another HTC product over Samsung.

Awesome! A great gadget! Pretty and smoky techno I never had realized That Will be! Fast, furious and agressive cellphone

I purchased my phone from this seller and it is wonderful! Everything was in there and the phone works perfectly!I absolutely love it! I must say, there might be some things I miss on the iphone but it's nothing I can't live without!The speakers are extremely loud, the camera is AMAZING & the phone overall is a keeper!

The phone was an AT&T; version and this was not mentioned anywhere in Amazon.I wanted original HTC version.AS AT&T; vesrion has different SW update schedule.

The phone works great, and it is unlocked but it isn't &#34;factory unlocked&#34; as advertised. It came in an ATT branded box and it has ATT software addons in it.

The phone is very slow, it keeps on freezing, it's over heating, and the charger doesn't work  however it's a pretty  exquisite phone.

hello I would like to say that i purchesed  one of your fabulouse htc unlocked phones and when i received it i realized that it locked to sprint. so how would u like it please dear seller do somthing about it!!!!!!!!!

Have used the HTC one provided by my employer and it works great for me. convenient and easy to use. looks great too.

The HTC one needs little introduction.It has everything that you can ask for in an android phone.A super fast 1.7 GHZ processor makes the phone run as fast as you can imagine.The ultra pixel camera is one of the best in the market for any cellphone.The design super and the compact aluminium body impeccable

two weeks ago the celular  turn off and never turn on again.. Im so angry! because no body buy a phone just for 3 months

some people cannot listen to me ,of forty call in the day are sucesfully aprox 5 calls , i'm really dissapointed,the problem is from three or four months ago,

HTC One is the way to go, it is the best 2013 phone out there. The camera may have a low mega pixel count but the pictures look extremely good. The screen is very sharp and looks great even if you lower the brightness to conserve battery. The battery should last a whole day as long you are not playing CPU intensive games all day. The phone is snappy and responsive, i have not experienced any lag whatsoever. The only con i have noticed to this phone is that when ambient temperature is hot the phone gets really hot and when its cold the phone gets really cold. The speakers are better than anything you have heard on any other phone; they are not specifically louder, but they are clearer and sharper and deliver more bass.

Just got this phone and i have to say after having a base android device this a is a huge step up the screen is amazing and the speed and response time is great there is absolutely no lag and best of all when i travel all i have to do is pop in a sim card for the country that im in and i have a phone that works great.

I had some issues with the product but the seller resolved it very quickly and gave me best worth for my money.I completely trust MGL Electronics and I will order products from them in future.:D
