
Apparently, I vehemently ignored the feedback thinking I would have a positive encounter. If there was a way to not post any star to this phone, It would have been great. Actually i had a used phone sold to me the previous user's birthday messages were still in there, contacts and all that. Even with wifi the phone runs terribly slow. I don't have time to return the phone but I am really so depressed I will take the Nokia lumia  521 any day anytime over this crap it's a few box over it but it is worth every dime.Amazon should sell this Generic bla bla bla  for 30 bucks or less cuz that is what it is worth......

This company is Awesome,VERY HELPFUL!I got My phone works now,AND I AM LOVING IT, VERY CUTE PHONE. I Highly Recommend it :) THANKS

Does this phone work for straight talk? I purchased the phone without doing a little homework. If anyone knows please inform me

If I could give -1 star I would horrible connection won't open app and extremely slow would not recamend to anyone

It worked as a unlocked phone and the dual simm was useful. However, it lacks GPS and compass. It served it's purpose for an overseas trip.

The phone was so slow. It did not work well and it was my worst experience from smart phones. Do not recommend.

It doesn't have sufficient storage space, it shuts down by itself,and takes hours to charge.Its difficult or impossible to download,it came with two batteries and neither one holds a charge and now the phone refuses to turn on.  Overall I am definitely not pleased with this phone.

The texting sucks, the camera sucks, I hate the noise it makes when I unlock the screen. It is a horrible phone.

Everything works as I saw online and I really appreciate that they didn't lie to me and I recommend others to try it.

When one opens the box the phone has a Samsung Galaxy S screen protector and you are led to believe the phone is a Samsung. The screen will not work, the phone will not dial, and if you do get a phone call placed the quality is poor. Live and learn! This phone was returned on my dime.

Phone began messing up within a couple of weeks sent it back so I could get my money.

The phone looks very nice and seemed to be well made.  Two issues for me though are that even after changing the apn settings to my provider, I am still unaable to receive mms messages, which is a huge problem.  My carrier, finally said, they did everthing they could do and they cannot help fix this problem.  Also, you have to talk very loudly into the mouthpiece for anyone to hear you.  Even doing this, your voice goes in and out to anyone talking to you.  I wish this phone would work because it does look very nice, but unfortunately, I cannot recommend it to anyone.

I BOUGHT THIS PHONE BECAUSE I THOUGHT IT WOULD BE AT LEAST OK FOR 6 MONTHS OR 1 YEAR. AFTER USING 2 DAYS THE BATTERY GET EMPTY OF CHARGE IN 45 MINS OF USING. AND AFTER 2 WEEKS THE PHONE SHUT DOWN BY ITS SELF AND NEVER OPENED IT. IF ITS POSSIBLE THEN I WOULD GIVE NEGATIVE 5 STAR.THIS KINDA SELLER DESERVED PUNISHED CAUSE THEY ARE TAKING PEOPLES MONEY AWAY BY SELLING DISGUSTING PRODUCT. I WOULD REQUEST TO AMAZON PLEASE BANNED THOSE SELLER.TO READER, PLEASE DO NOT BUY ANYTHING FROM THIS SELLER.

Product literally stopped working within one hour. It either gets stuck on the boot screen or the touch screen does not work at all, so you can not operate the phone. Awful product and awful company. The product was a birthday present, and I contacted them asking if they could refund me when I provided them with a tracking number saying it was shipped back to them, but they told me no, so long story short I have to come up with the money for a whole new birthday present. This company is selling defective products. The camera is awful, games do not work, lots of app fail, and ultimately it ends up not working within an hour of arrival. This is the worst $100 you could ever spend. I highly suggest finding a different generic S3 such as that sold by VMInnovations or buy a real version of a phone such as an LG or Samsung. They sell Nokia windows phones for $99, Way better buy then this hunk of broken technology (If you'd even call it technology.) If you are thinking these bad reviews are wrong, and thinking about purchasing it anyways... Just Don't. Don't waste your money or help to promote this awful company.

Phone keeps cutting off. Apps barely work. A true waste of money. Complete dissatisfaction and also the baidu search engine really sucks

Super slow, the camera sucks and it didn't want to read my sim card most of the time. It was really only good for looks.

Please. Don't buy this crap I should've followed my first mind thinking my phone would be different boy was I wrong cheap I used it for 2days and went back to.my old phone I wouldn't even consider this being a phone its a toy

It was ok not bad low on specs I had to sell it back but over all it looked nice but not with specs

great price and meet all my expectations i would reccomend this phone to anyone seeking an affordable smart phone. great choice

some one stole my phone a few days later from me,but it was a wonderful phone.and I am going to try and get another one if I can.

Its a ok phone but would not connect to att, it is also very slow. Did not like it at all

Do not buy this phone..i bought this for my son an had nothing but problems.the charger would not work.when i got the phone turned on my son couldnt receive phone calls or get on the internet.spent over a hour at the tmobile store but they couldnt fix it..thanks to amazon for a refund..do not waste your money

You get what you pay for! I bought it new, opened it, and was amazed! It looked exactly like the S4! I turned phone on and it booted great. The dual SIM worked as expected. I was so happy until I tried to text or use an app. It was so slow. When I texted, it would get one letter that I typed and the rest would go unsaid.....I was very disappointed in this phone. I would recommend buying a used Motorola, as they seem to hold up well. Thats my thoughts anyways..Hope this helps.

48 hours ago the phone is faulty in turn on, never does and only shows the android, again and again, either turn off, does not reach the home screen, the headphones don't work on the phone, another phone works well&#8230; I'm writing with the intention of contacting hereby and seek solution, thanks so much.

I don't know if the phone came with only 250MB of RAM of internal storage or if it was wiped off.  Very displeased with this phone.  I have to constantly erase messages and pictures just so I can load facebook.  It tells me there isn't any memory.  The same phone from a different vendor has 8GIGS of RAM.

I honestly liked the phone when I first received it but now every time I click the browser the phones starts clicking other buttons like it has a mind of its own. I would have gave the phone a better rating but the phone was a total let down. :(

receive a phone that looked just like this one, was not the one I paid for they things that say it does it does not, loads internet very very slow plug is not a standard micro plug the thong of the plug is extra long can not locate a replacement not a very good phone at all better to buy another phone then to try and return no sellers infor to contact them would not buy again bad product

The phone was working find and now it keep cutting off by itself  i change the battery in the phone and it still doing the something

I received this phone today and initially loved it. the I realized i couldn't make outbound calls. My carrier is Tmobile.  I can receive calls and send and receive texts but when I try to dial out it immediately goes to the call end screen. I've searched the internet searching for a solution but none of them work for me. I finally messaged the seller. If s/he doesn't get back to me I will be returning this phone. also My phone didn't come with a case.

The phone is slow in opening apps, games either cannot be downloaded or when downloaded cannot open. Limited phone memory, bad picture quality, overall a bad choice

Piece of crap . Would not recommend go for a name brand. Learned my lesson by going cheap . Try another brand

I used phone for 3 months and shuts down, locked up by itself. I had to remove battery just to restart and other issues. Don't buy this phone.

It started out pretty good but has a whole lot of problems now good thing i decided to get another phone.

I GOT THIS PHONE AND I AM PLEASED SO FAR DID MY DOWNLOADS AND ITS UNLOCKED I DOWNLOAD MY CANDY CRUSH FACEBOOK WHATAPS AND I AM PLEASED SO FAR. THE CASE IS OK.  AGAIN NICE PHONE.

Touch screen stopped working after two days of receiving the phone. I have a prepay service and the log on time was very similar to DSL. This phone was compared to the Galaxy 3. No way. Don't bother with purchasing this item.

i got the fone and its a nice fone but it wont let me call anybody. i can accept calls and txts but cant call anybody.

Dear sirI bought Samsung Galaxy S3 Flip Cover Case (Marble White) for Generic Unlocked Quadband Dual sim with Android 2.3 OS (Android 4.0 UI) Smart Phone 4.5 Inch Capacitive Touch Screen T-mobile Simple mobile (White), this one is fit or not.thank u. iswar m singh. email: iswar@hotmail.com

Pls don't buy this, I regret buying the phone, I bought the phone for my son last July for his birthday and the phone only work for 3 days and when I wanted to return the phone it took me 3 months to get myMoney back. The phone is a rip up pls don't waste your time or your money

I chose this rating because there were many glitches with the device. The gaming doesn't work. And the USB charge doesn't work either.

i love it!!*0* but i know that this model is the imitation of the galaxy.and i also like the price and people would like it because is cheap and pretty. So please don't do what "Droid" did dont see that there's no more phones and put it in a higher prive because that's not hoing to work, it's going to do things worse and they won't sell.

its a fake galaxy. its too big and its fake. camera quality is horrible. dont get ripped off like i did!

I want to give it no stars. Horrible device. Two months of me having it, it went completely dead. It kept rebooting over and over again without it actually going on.

this phone is slow! you cant not get on facebook! you cant download anything because the app runs slow!! and after you've had it for 6 months it miight not ever get service again!! DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE I AM WARNING YOU! I CANT RECIEVE ANY TEXT OR CALLS I PAID FOR A BILL AND COULDNT EVEN USE MY PHONE!! THE STUPIDEST PHONE SOMEONE HAS EVER BOUGHT FOR ME!!!! DO NOT GET THIS PHONE YOU WILL REGRET IT!!!!!

Am really happy with this product. It had meet my need to keep in touch with family and friends. Happy.

The phone looks nice, and has a big screen and all, but lacks many qualities. I think there is less than 1gb of memory on this phone and you can barely personalize it to your liking. I've only used it for a day and I'm almost out of phone storage. Don't buy it.

I bought this phone for my 13 yr old daughter. And the quality sucks. When rotate the camera to take a self photo you can barely see it. The pictures comes out fuzzy. It takes forever to download. I'm sending it back. this is the second phone like this.No more generics

Does not work good in the android market, even some of the apps that came installed does not work properly. The battery chargin is outrageous,  had to charge the phone for 19 hour turned off to reach 100%. Not able to turn the phone on and use while charging because the phone starts doing stuff on its own, and will change items on the phone.

It's ok for calls only don't work for anything else moves very slow cuts off by itself when I take pictures they look very bad

this  item was returned as it failed to read sim cards from overseas.  it did read us sim cards and there  works,  it just didnt work for my overseas card

When I received the phone I like it. It look like the Samsung Galaxy but you have to down load all your apps. Such as facebook and twitter youtube. Than if your the type to play games like candy crush or diamond dash and facebook well to bad it does not work @ all. Its a good phone but its not the phone for me. Yeah it works great the sound quality is a plus when playing music but to pass time a good game you will not be playing on that phone.

I love this phone don't get me wrong, affordable and looks just like I paid high price for it but the apps crash frequently. It might be just because I did not purchase an SD card for my phone yet or because android apps are just lackluster....but at any rate this phone is wonderful. I am very happy I made this purchase.

i will nevere buy nothing from you ..... i was waiting for my phone over than 3 weeks now  how nice ,,,they said i wil get it on 10/29/2013  what i need for now i feel so bad when i get it from them

When i got this phone i was excited it does look like a samsung galaxy, the features are great my only problem is my phone company is telling me the phone doesnt allow Data services and that sucks. hw am i suppose to get internet on the go now i am dissappointed
