
I ordered this cellphone and it wasnt unlocked, it request a code when I insert the simcard. Also, the battery or the charger doesnt work!!!, so i dont even know if the phone itself works. I live outside the US and the cellphone came to me to late to do a formal complaint, so I seriusly dont recommend buy from this seller.

I knew before buying this phone that the battery was not great. I get close to 1.5 days (moderate usage).. By moderate I mean --- mainly calls (talk time around 100 mins a day), no texting, few you tube videos, WIFI constantly on, NO 3g/sync, NO Blue Tooth.buy this if you are someone with light to moderate use.. If you are some that needs to constant leave the sync/3G on, then go for 720.As far the phone is concerned, I like. But felt that they could have made it simple for people to open the phone to remove the battery/SIM. Removing the back cover needs some sort of special skill ;-)...All in all .. I consider this a good phone.

W8 works properly, nice camera. All the most usefull apps are in the store.Whatsapp is the only thing I use a lot and I'm not happy with. Hope they'll upgrade it with a version that works better with W8.

For the price it comes at, its well worth the purchase. Has a great camera, WP8 runs amazingly smooth, and the build and screen quality are simply top notch, love it.

Solid quality, very forgiving and SD card is great. The issue is the OS which is playing catch-up with Android and is limited, there's not even a data counter in the store. If you're not a heavy smartphone user it's simplicity may be even an advantage, but if you want to do some productivity work like sync calendar from Outlook not via Sky-Drive (restricted in many companies) or upload something to Youtube it's a pain. I also strongly dislike the magnifying button that defaults to Bing, it is very annoying and cannot be changed to a real search engine.

Arrived on time and the phone was in mint condition. The package seemed as if it may have been opened since the security-tape on the box was cut. The phone included both US and non-US adapters.The phone is great. I wished I could upgrade to WP8.1 .. have yet to see.

Now that I have this device working properly I am really enjoying it! Small, light weight and powerful. It really is a very nice phone for the price I paid ($180). Once I got it working I haven't been able to find any features that don't work on this device that work on the bigger phones. I also have Nokia Lumia 920 and 1020 devices that I still use. Really nice to be able to shed the bulk.This device was shipped to me very quickly. The plastic bubble packaging was sliced open and the SIM holder was just floating around inside the package. I inspected all the pieces though and they seemed to be in good condition. Popped in my SIM card and a 32GB microSD card and the battery and powered it on. Although the packaging looked sketchy out of the box nothing appeared to have any physical damage and no pieces appeared to be missing.Now, getting the device to connect to and use my US AT&T; data plan was pretty challenging! I have written up my experience and the steps I followed on my blog. If you are a US AT&T; customer you should take a look first if you really want the device to behave on par with the bigger Lumias on the US AT&T; network. Here's the link:[...]Good luck. If you can get it working it really seems to be a great value.

Switched over from an HTC desire to the 620 on Telus.  A liked my Desire but was showing it's age w/ Android 2.2.  I wanted a good smartphone with a similar sized screen - I find the >4 inch screens too big.  This one is 3.8 inches. Just wanted a good phone with calendar, contacts, mail, messaging, light browsing mainly, show off some pics of family. Text on screen seems more crisp than my old phone.  Web pages load much faster. The interface is simple which I find preferable to Android.  Skydrive works well. Calendar app is basic but very functional.  Only 2 screens - tile and apps, hold down the back key to get a view of all running apps, hold down home for voice access.  Windows phone 8 has enough apps for me.  Works great and was inexpensive.  Build is solid. No complaints - would buy again.GUpdate:  Had it for over a month.  Enjoying the size of this and is well built.  Finding a lot of useful apps in the windows phone store (tune in radio, level, compass, flahslight, weather network, my note, scanner, skymap...).  Bought another calendar (chronos) which has a better month view and a lot of customizability.  Drag and drop from my computers (windows 8) is easy.  There are limited folders so you can't lose files within the OS.  Office files open without any problem.  Camera takes better pics than my last phone and video is 720P.  Would definitely buy again.G

Love it ! Sleek small and light. Only caveat is once you do get used to a bigger screen it might be hard to go back to this. But definitely a bang for your buck !

cant use phone there was no battery in the box seal was broken and the user manual is in Spanish

Ordered a Nokia 620 from Amazon on June and it was delivered Saturday June 22. Thanks Amazon for "free" Saturday delivery.Now for my concerns. The phones is available in several colors so I ordered a traditional black phone.(1) Something was shaking inside the phone.(2) The manual came in what appears to be Chinese so I could not figure out how to get the phone cover off to insert and charge the battery.(3) After a search on the Internet, I found a review that showed a very unusual and crazy process to remove the back cover.(4) After opening the back, the item that was shaking inside was a small metal item that had a label name SIM. What is it for? Could it be something that broke off during transit?(5) I could not figure out where to insert the SIM. Incidentally, this phone uses a Micro SIM. Not the standard Mini SIM. Be forewarned.Maybe if the manual was printed in English I would be more forgiving. But, given all the unconventional mechanical features, this phone will be returned to Amazon on Monday even before I setup the phone to test the features. I am not a novice. I have owned and have been using "cellphones" for almost 20 years since they  were so big and heavy they had shoulder straps.

I was surprised by the quality of this phone. It's responsive, the screen looks great and whole package feels solid.

This phone is Just awesomee!!!!! We have had it for more than a month now.  Maybe two but the features are really good. Something I would def recommend.

I've had this phone for six months now and the only issue I've had is that every now and then it loads certain apps a little slowly.  We live overseas and travel between here and the U.S. two or three times a year and my phone works great in both places; I simply switch out the SIM card.There are tons of great (free!) apps for the phone and I found the Windows 8 system to be pretty intuitive.  A few days ago my one-year-old boy gave my phone a bath in the cooler and 72 hours (and a bowl of dry rice) later, it is dry and up and running as per usual.

We had a iPhone and now added this Windows phone to the family. Light weight, decent battery timeout, apps for socialization available and thus makes this phone to good useThere doesn't seem any screen protector available for this phone and apps on Windows platform are not much compared to Apple.

I love Nokia brand so I like this cell phone. At the begining the cell phone had problems with two of the side buttons, but the problem was already solved. It was really unlocked, no problems with the sim card I put in it. I recommend it.

I have been using WM6.5, and XDA WP7,7.5,7.8 HTC HD2 devices for a long time, eventually planning to buy an official WP8 device.  Normally I would go for the high end devices but this time decided to go low end when I saw this phone become available.  It has a replaceable battery (definitely a plus-plus for me) and supports an micro SD memory card up toe 64GB. Tmobile replaced my HD2 sim with a micro sim for free. The 620 works fine with Tmobile frequencies in my Portland, OR area.  The Bluetooth paired up well with my accessories.  I was afraid the 8GB flash memory was going to be too small for storing Spotify tracks offline.  I am able to store about 400-500 tracks and maps of the West Coast and still have about 1GB free.  Eventually it is hoped Spotify will support app storage in SD Card but for now only works in the device memory.  Anyway, I am not a smartphone-super user but this Lumina 620 is working out very well for me.

This device arrived in a timely manor, however, the sound was messed up. It was really muffled... I had to send it back. I did try playing around with it before I sent it back. It had a nice speaker phone, and it was a nice product for the price. I actually didn't mind the windows aspect of the phone. I wish I would have been able to keep it to play with it more.

The phone was very responsive. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is shortly after receiving it was the loudspeaker stop working properly but the loudspeaker was easily replaced.

Purchased from: HassleFreeCellShipping speed was on great, arrived in a well packaged envelope protecting the phone box.Downside: since it is an international unlocked phone, I did not see a reason for them opening the phone box.Nevertheless the phone is working great. No issues here.

Everything w/ this phone is great except the phone came w/ aftermarket battery, die w/in 8 months.Did bought 2 OEM Replacement through AMAZON. Roughly 15 bucks for both Batteries.I did update this phone to Window 8.1 as a Window App Developer, LOVE IT SO MUCH.2+ years will get Windows 9 phone, long wait.

I was using a bigger nokia lumia 900 and decided to go for a smaller phone so I went for this one. I got the shipment timely. However I ran into one issue as the instruction manual did not have instructions on how to insert the SIM card took some time figuring it out. Once I got through that then I had no issues and I like the phone. Some people say that it looks like a cheap phone but I don't agree to it and I am happy with the overall experience.One issue I would like to bring to notice is sometimes when a call is coming and I try to answer it the answer button on the screen does not respond. THe charger that was sent to me was a European charger which is not useful in US

I received the nokia lumia 620 and it was fine, happy with my purchase until a few weeks after (less than a month) the device battery died and it refused to charge and would not turn on . I had to send it back to the seller for a full refund I was very disappointed

Eeasy to use, very good camera, very good signal reception, the screen is very bright and the battery has a good life too!

The phone is great. I will recomend to anyone that is looking for a good phone at a great price.

Dropped it from a two feet high and the screen broke, too sad that I have been using it for only one month:(

Windows OS is sluggish by default with app loading, switching etc. Windows 8 made switching a bit faster but also made the Settings area slower so no real progress overall. This phone has a lower CPU than the Ativ, 820 and 920 and the performance drop is noticeably. All that to say the phone can be quite annoying because of the sluggish app performance. Don't be fooled by the reviewers scrolling up and down in the app list and in browser. Those are only places it is fast.Other notes:The battery cover is very hard to remove and the process requires pushing on the camera so the camera glass will always have finger smudges.The hotspot only worked with my Samsung Galaxy Tab and iPad. Didn't work with my Laptop or Playbook.If you have music already on your PC then music syncing is broken in Windows Phone 8 right now so everything must be copied and managed on the phone itself. This can be a nightmare if you use playlists.Music quality is not the best but apparently all windows phones sound cheap; HTCs sounds great with headphones but poor over Bluetooth.All sound goes through Bluetooth when active so you may get some nasty surprises if you get an alert while blasting your music.Camera quality is average and the app is not very flexible. Point and shoot and hope for the best.Not too many lock ups but enough to show that the cover design was not clever.Great for buying music, very intelligent and smooth experience in the music app.It does gapless playback which is great for playing mixes.Calling, chatting and email are excellent on the phone. Signal reception is very good, which is typical of Nokia.Contact management is a bit more tedious than other devices but ok once you get use to it.Keyboard is very good, a bit small for me but still quite accurate with decent auto-correction. Don't think it auto-corrects everywhere though.

This is a great Smartphone. Windows Phone Works excellent in this phone. Easy to use and fast. 3G bands 850/900/1900/2100. There is only one problem for latin american customers: This phone don't have spanish, you must use it in english.

I purchased this phone when my android broke and I was too far from any upgrades. I did some research and felt that an Unlocked phone would be the best option, and I was interested in trying a Windows phone.My Nokia Lumia 620 arrived within five days and I immediately took off the box and turned it on. The screen reacted well to my fingers and I enjoyed the ease of setting up my home page.I was able to connect the phone to WiFi, which was easy, but unable to connect it to my Verizon Service. The phone responded well on wireless, and I was able to easily download a number of apps that had been available for Android. I wish I would have gotten a phone that was CDMA compatible, however this is only unlocked to GSM networks, and thus will not work on Verizon.

there is no charger for this phone, also, it took very long time to charge the phone via the connection to PC.

I used Nokia many years but moved to samsung galaxy to have my smartphoneWas glad to come back and check the new lumia 620It is with me over a week a I love itExcellent screen, good camera, good sound, fast and nice and the right size not too bigIt took me few hours to get to know the new software but now it works perfectAll in all very good phone and I am glad that Nokia is back

Phone feels sturdily built and has good battery life (I've been able to have it run for 2 days straight without a charge). 5 mp camera takes photos and videos well enough to suit me fine.Runs Windows Phone 8.0 OS well. OS is fast and easy to use.Note: Phone uses MicroSIM card. If you have a MiniSIM, you might have to trim it down to fit into the phone.Other than that, the phone is reliable and has enough of an app selection to keep up with other smartphones. Good smartphone for first time users. Ordered from SHOPEBEST and phone came new with all working parts ahead of schedule. Virtually no complaints. Overall, I'm satisfied with my purchase.

Pros:The screen is very attractive. Even though the screen is on the small side, the PPI is high enough to give the screen a clear, crisp look when compared to some larger screens.The overall style of the phone is pleasing to the eye with its rounded corners. The small size makes it easy to carry around in my pocket.The operating system functions very smoothly on the relatively low-end hardware. I like how the power, camera and volume buttons are all on the same side.Nokia provides a fair number of their own apps that can be useful. I am using the phone with an AT&T; GoPhone sim card and it works perfectly. I get very good data speeds out here in Las Vegas via AT&T;'s &#34;H+&#34; network.Fairly cheap for a current generation, unlocked phone. Despite the low price, it has all the features of a costlier phone, like mobile hotspot and a micro SD card slot.Cons:Sometimes when I try to press and hold tiles, the phone thinks I tapped it. The screen feels a little cheap when compared to some high-end phones, but at this price I suppose it's to be expected. The difference is subtle, but noticeable.While listening to podcasts, the audio skips sometimes. I ran into this same issue on a Lumia 820, so it's probably a problem with the operating system.

Brief background:  My first smartphone was a Samsung Galaxy Epic.  My second was a Samsung Nexus S 4G.  My third phone was a iPhone 4S.  My fourth was a Nokia Lumia 900.  And now that my Lumia 900 was stolen, and I'm in the middle of my contract, I didn't have a whole lot of options and decided to go with the Lumia 620.  Luckily?  I made the right choice.This really is a phenomenal phone for the price.  Runs very smooth (like all Windows phones), has solid battery life, feels great in the hand, looks very nice, has a decent camera, and a plethora of solid apps (thank you Nokia!).  It also has a nice screen, a removable battery, and good speakers.The only real downsides I can find, and I hesitate to even put these on a sub-$200 phone off-contract, are as follows:1)  App selection is slightly limited2)  Camera is mediocre (once again, very solid for the price though)3)  Screen is small4)  A little bit thick5)  Battery not as good as my Lumia 9006)  No LTEThat's really all I can come up with.  Like I said, at sub-$200 this thing is a bargain.Full disclosure though, if you're like me (in the middle of your contract) and need a new phone, I would also consider the Google Nexus 4.  It's $100 more than this phone, but depending on your preference, it may be worth it (bigger screen, more apps, slightly better camera).  My wife has it, and it really is a nice phone for the price.  Other than the Nexus 4, there really are NO comparisons at this price point for someone that doesn't get a 2-year commitment discount.EDIT: I updated this review from 5-stars to 4-stars.  Things like the Moto G make this phone seem like less of a value.

Well Im from Honduras to start with I bought the phone here which is more expensive but still I thought it was worth it since I had read a lot of positive reviews of it. When I innitially saw the phone I thought of it being pretty awesome, it feels great in the hand and im not of those people that think omg it weights so much grams less than that I love this,phone's feel on the hand it is great. The only concern there might with some people about this phone really is the battery it will last a day normally for me but hardly but still pretty awesome phone works prefectly.

I was going to hold off for a more expensive phone and then I decided to purchase this phone. I feel like I just bought a expensive phone with the quality of the phone. The phone functions great, I actually really like windows phone. The phone is small, sleek, and feels great. I am really happy with my purchase, I got a great phone and I didn't have to spend a ton of money on it. I have it hooked up with T-Mobile and everything is great.

When i bought the phone i tried to approach without prejudices according a lot of reviews that we can read in the web. Previously i was a Symbian user and i tested other OS (BB, IOS, Android) and i feel uncomfortable with them although i feel better with android, similar in several ways to Symbian. However, because i have been buying Nokia phones across the years i decide to buy Lumia. The seller was Wireless Everything, the package arrived on time and it sent the charger adapter (European to American). It's really an unlocked phone and international version (RM-846 CV MY) and i choose the language when i turn on the phone at the first time (English default but you can choose between a lot of them - Portuguese, spanish, english, german, chinese, etc.). The phone is what i expected to a Nokia phone, well constructed, comfortable in the hands, good display. In spite of i previously used a Nokia phone (E75) with steel and plastic material, this plastic phone don't shock me because the sensation in my hands was very good, totally different to the Lumia 710 (with a cheap plastic feeling). The Lumia 620 with the matte finish is much better than its predecessor. To remove the cover is some embarrasing but isn't too bad, pushing the flash camera and pulling the cover out, to access the battery and the microsd and microsim slots. The display is really gorgeous, with high contrast and readable exposed directly to sunlight. This phone is powered with Windows phone 8, a different mobile OS concept, with the famous tiles in start screen to access the apps and settings. The OS run very smooth in the phone and like other OS it has strong and weak things. My phone has the GDR2 update and the Lumia Amber update by Nokia that adds a lot of features absent in the WP8 phones from other brands. It has a very good call quality and the messages function is very good. I transferred the contacts from my older phone via bluetooth in less than one minute (300 contacts). The battery life is what i expected in a smartphone with touchscreen. The main cons that i found in the OS are the following:1) You cannot customize the sms and mail tones with your own sounds (It will be fixed by the GDR3 update in early 2014).2) The volume button change the level in the whole phone (if you change the call volume also change the ringtone volume). The volume buttons don't work like a zoom buttons in the camera app.3) It doesn't has a file manager.4) The glance screen doesn't show notifications although they are in the locked screen (It will be fixed by Lumia Black update in early 2014).5) It doesn't has a battery sound notification when it is in low level or the battery is fully charged.6) The maps app (Here maps) don't let access to the location data to the favorite saved places.7) In symbian i can set all the data access in manual mode, in spite of the priority connection is wifi, the only way you avoid the automatic access to your data plan is turn off or on the data access in the settings menu.The users claim for more apps but to my profile, windows phone store satisfied my needs now. I'm not a gamer (It's bore to me gaming in a phone) and i don't like hear music in the phone.The main pros i found in the phone:1) Far from user's opinions, i feel the OS very intuitive.2) The tiles is a single way to avoid a large list of icons. If you want the list, swipe to left in the main screen and you can see the apps in your phone in alphabetical order.3) The Nokia camera apps are great and the camera lenses concept is strong and it let upload or editing photos from the camera in a very fast way.4) Like other Nokia phones, the camera is strong.5) The Here drive app is amazing and this phone have Here Drive+ with global license. Nokia city lens is very good and accurate app.6) Data sense app is an excellent way to check your data plan consumption.7) You can manage your e-mail accounts in one place.8) Your sms interactions can be stored like a chat conversations.9) The voice command and recognizing voice service to send messages or e-mail are great (you need network access to this feature).10) The office suite is very similar to PC version.11) The network access (3G or wifi) is very fast.12) The bluetooth pairing is very fast. Send or recieve files is fast.13) The GPS access is very fast.Undoubtly Windows phone 8 is evolving and the user experience in my opinion is very good.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------El tel&eacute;fono es muy bueno, como tradicionalmente son los tel&eacute;fonos de NOkia y el sistema operativo es sencillamente diferente, el cual debe ser visto sin ideas preconcebidas. Para alguien que desea niveles de personalizaci&oacute;n extremos (fondos de pantalla, sonidos, etc.) se sentir&aacute; sumamente frustrado pero si s&oacute;lo se desea modificar elementos siguiendo los lineamientos del sistema operativo (color de fondo, volumen general, tonos de llamada) ser&aacute; suficiente. Para mi gusto, rescatar&iacute;a algunas funciones presentes en Symbian como son, el acceso manual a la red, puesto que al abrir una aplicaci&oacute;n que necesita acceso a la red autom&aacute;ticamente accede a ella aunque si existe una red WIFI cercana y configurada siempre la usar&aacute; en lugar de la red de datos. No existe un administrador de archivos y la forma de acceder a los archivos se hace siempre a trav&eacute;s de una aplicaci&oacute;n. Nokia le da un extra al tel&eacute;fono que no se encuentra en las otras marcas que usan WP8, particularmente las aplicaciones de la c&aacute;mara son excelentes. La aplicaci&oacute;n de mapas es excelente y el GPS del tel&eacute;fono se conecta sumamente r&aacute;pido. La notificaci&oacute;n de sonido tanto de bater&iacute;a descargada como cargada hace falta, as&iacute; como las notificaciones en la pantalla de espera (glance) que si est&aacute;n presentes en la pantalla de bloqueo. Estas ser&aacute;n agregadas en la actualizaci&oacute;n Lumia Black a la par de GDR3 a principios de 2014. Para quienes deseen comprar el tel&eacute;fono desde Venezuela, lo adquir&iacute; a trav&eacute;s de Wireless Everything, lleg&oacute; perfecto incluso le agregaron el adaptador del cargador (la conexi&oacute;n viene con el sistema Europeo). El tel&eacute;fono es realmente una versi&oacute;n internacional, viene desbloqueado de f&aacute;brica, la versi&oacute;n de firmware es la RM-846 CV MY y al encenderlo hay una cantidad de opciones de idiomas que incluye espa&ntilde;ol. Siendo un smartphone de gama de acceso es muy completo y altamente recomendable. Funciona perfecto con Movistar y Movilnet.

I have had this phone for 3 months and it has been working flawlessly. The interface is simple and slick. I love that it comes with Nokia Transit which is by far the most useful app for me - I have been using public transport a lot more thanks to this app. The only problem is the lack of a native file system on the phone.

I really liked it, i was looking for a good Smartphone and a razonable price and i found it. A good battery duration, The only thing that i found a bit strange was the music Player but its a matter of getting used to it. I recommend it

Excelent product good timingWorks perfectly in Colombia.Good size and weight. Great camera and best shot works just fine

This phone is factory unlocked, unbranded.I Installed a SanDisk Ultra 32 GB MicroSDHC Class 10 UHS-1 work great.It comes with Battery, free hand earphone with microphone, data cable and charger with usb connector 110-220v. It needs micro sim, so I cut mine with scissors. I tested it in Argentina with Claro and everything works greats (3G network, internet, facebook, Skype, etc.)It comes with 8MB for install applications, you can move pictures, music and videos to SD Card. Memory card is not integrated at OS as before versions, so you can remove this card without format your phone and you can read it in your pc. I preferred memory card integrated with OS because it give more security (In windows phone 7.8  if you lost your phone with code protected if someone removed sd card it cant be easy to read in a pc).The UI in the new windows phone 8 version is not different from 7.8, some features are missing (as before versions). Writing is better and predictive.Photo camera is great (as a phone) it not comes with Carl Zeiss lens. Battery last for a working day.I bought it from HassleFreeCell...no problems, sealed box.

it's good thanks I really like my new phone and love it.but the battery is weak,and I must but another battery for exchange in my daytime,

The item received in time, but the packaging was awful, it was torn all over. The phone is actually very good for a 3G phone, but in comparison with a 4G phone it fades (yes, a cheaper phone is just going to be cheaper :) )

I always wanted to try windows phone for the past 2 years. Finally I managed to buy this phone because my old Nokia phone's USB port died. I have used this phone to its extent, including nokia drive. I have to admit that this is a great phone for the phone. I do have one problem with this phone though. I do not like the way I have to insert microSD card. I wish they have paid some attention. I came know that 820 and 920 have proper slot for microSD card. however, this is a great phone. Having said that I can not comment on apps because I do not use many apps. Whatever apps I use are all available in windows phone. I think this will beat Andriod or iphone5 in the next few years.

Bought the Lumia 620 from FGS Trading. As they promised, the phone was unlocked, and most importantly unbranded. No carrier logos, start screens, or software. This phone even came with the Windows Phone 8 GDR 2 update, which is just being rolled out. I also bought a Lumia 520 from FGS Trading a few weeks ago. Excellent service and prices, and no problems or bait and switch.The Nokia Lumia 620 has a very bright and clear screen, excellent call quality, and quality construction. Windows Phone 8 is a great OS. I strongly recommend this product, and this seller.

Works perfect for my needs, I wish it had more storage but I believe for the price I paid it is ok.

The product is fine, as it was described, However, I still haven't been able to set it up, as it is in Finnish on the phone and Chinese on the manual! A one-page typed directions would be helpful....

My daughter was using an old Blackberry Curve. All of her BBM friends were gone so she wanted a different phone. I was going to wait for the Nokia 520 but it seemed to be lacking a few things a young person would like, namely a front facing camera and a flash for the rear camera. The screen is supposedly better on the 620 also. I was immediately impressed with the build quality of this phone. It feel good in the hand. My daughter loves this phone. The only problem I have had with this phone is I can't seem to enable MMS on Straight Talk. Not the phones fault but the carrier. The 620 comes with an APN already set up for AT&T; so when the launch their new pre paid service, I'll move her over to them.Update: The only problem encountered with this phone was the headphone jack stopped working. It is hard to find a replacement back to fix the problem. E-bay seems to be the only place you can buy them.

The Lumia 620 is a nice size with a 3.8" screen. The phones rounded corners save it from the clunky look of the 520.Although reasonably sturdy, the plastic back cover is cheap and nasty and available in gaudy colours even a crack-whore would baulk at. The cover can be removed by pressing on the camera - not sure how long that will last before it breaks something. The micro-sim card is under the battery and had a silly, convoluted access mechanism.  The micro-SD card is more easily accessed, but still under the back cover.Screen quality is good and the colours are crisp. Video rendering is smooth, although who would want to watch video on a small screen?Generally, the hardware is reasonable.  The Windows Phone 8 (WP8) software, however, is dreadful. The only positive thing is the home screen tiles which are resizable.WP8 forces you to link to a Microsoft account, which cannot be changed without a hard reset. Secondly, WP8 no longer supports a direct link between the phone and a computer. You have to use an online account. Let me repeat that: you CANNOT sync your phone via USB. If you were used to synchronising your Outlook contacts, calendar, OneNote, tasks, etc; too bad. There is some third party software available, but it is extremely clunky, unintuitive, poorly written and only syncs calendar and contacts.You cannot access your sim card or save contacts on your sim card. This means all contacts have to be in your main contact list. You cannot separate contacts on the sim card. Contacts (now called People) can only be listed in surname or forename order, no company or other order (a step back from CE, etc).While WP8 had an intuitive interface, the retarded functionality and inability to sync with Outlook/OneNote directly makes this an operating system to miss. Get a phone with Android or Apple. Microsoft has lost its way and not longer cares about customer needs. It designs with an inward looking myopia.Unfortunately, Nokia has hitched it wagon to Microsoft and will pay the price for this poor decision making.Avoid this phone, not because Nokia had made a bad product, but because the operating system is useless..

This phone is the best value for your buck. Runs like a charm, Windows Phone 8 is wonderful and it DOES have the quality and quantity of apps, don't fall for the anti Microsoft hype. The vendor shipped it on time and I had no trouble with the delivery. All in all, one of the best buys I have ever made, on anything!!!!!

Windows Phone 8 was not the OS for me. I switched back to iOS after having this phone. Not being able to control the applications/OS Updates on the phone via a desktop client was a big draw back.

I love this phone! It is compact, fits in my pocket, yet powerful and delivers a lot for the price. Get it unlockek and use it in US, has great downloadable Nokia maps, no need to pay for data plan to use it as GPS device. Just get it.Update. The phone works great after two weeks of usage, updates are easy and sound quality is very good. Nokia GPS software is very good. The phone fits perfectly into a pocket and easy to hold - not too big and not too small.

This phone came llcked to Telus, it is not factory unlocked as implied. My sim does not function in the phone and an error message askingnfor an unlock code came up.

its secure and fine , i  love this phone, enjoy so much , nokia its the best and this phone work excellent,in my country venezuelan with movistar digitel and movilnet

everything is perfect, such as fluent system and nokia map, except speaker is a little strong with some cici noise despite low stage of sound.

It is incredible phone, great audio quality, speaker phone is LOUD and wifi sensor works in my big house. Nokia sure knows how to make hardware. Same size as iPhone 4 (my wife has iPhone 4), but comes unlocked and for half the price. With Windows Phone gaining apps everyday, this is a steal at the price. 512 MB of RAM is great. Although I experience some freezes sometimes when too many apps are open, the phone is awesome including battery life.

I loved my lumia 710, but it was the victim of an accident and I was not eligible for an upgrade yet, and windows phone 7 was going away so I decided to get a windows phone 8.  Being an unlocked phone It was a little difficult to set up, but to my surprise my carrier helped me. My major complaint is that it does not seem to pick up on the 3g network so my data is slow, it seems to drop calls much more than the 710 did, and it needs to be rebooted every day because it locks up.  I never had any problems with the 710.  Calls are clear and it works well enough for getting email, but I'm not a heavy data user.  If I had it to do over again I would by another 710.

Overall the phone works well.The battery is fake. It does not have the necessary attachments, e.g. the one with laser printing.The package and the contents really look weird.

I love Nokia phones, their service has been great (needed it only once) their phones are always solidly built and have great features. The 5MP camera produces very nice photos though some photo's taken at different angles produced differing effects on color and exposure but it still did produce very clear photos.The GPS, Mapping, Here & Now apps are great utilities. I love the fact that I can download maps for most parts of the world as and when needed. With a caveat though, while most major cities are mapped you may need a map when going into rural areas going by my experience, I should add US maps are the most comprehensive.I miss having a radio, not sure why Nokia has not enabled this feature regardless of WP8 not enabling FM radio's, many websites have reported that the 620 will not have this feature enabled. Deal breaker? probably! I listen to FM often enough that I may have foregone this model though I do have older portable media players that do support FM now I have to now carry two items on walks/jogs!!! This sucks Nokia!I like Nokia music and the fact that you can download a set to your phone for offline listening but haven't used it much since I have to carry my PMP anyway so I end up using that instead since I switch between FM & music!!! Kind of defeats the purpose of the MP on the phone!!!! Nokia are you listening?The size of the phone is perfect (for me at least) since I do not watch movies/tv shows. on it, podcasts yes, for which the screen is large enough. WP8 has all the free apps I need for my use so no complaints there. Nokia has a bunch of various free utilities that will serve most needs.Overall a very nice phone for the price. I could have used a SIP phone utility within the OS without having to install a third party client that will expose my contacts! Definitely recommend if you don't care for the FM radio!

I gave low rating because of Windows 8 operating system.Cell phone is good , it's Nokia! BUT...This phone runs Windows 8 OS which is poor quality OS (defective) not optimized.Customers who want to buy this phone or any other low end phone (Nokia ,Samsung ,HTC ) which runs on Windows 8 OS (not Windows 7.5 OS) should know that there is problem with OS .After normal use  small amounts of on board storage space are being taken up by some data which the OS simply labels as &#34;other&#34;. Finally phone memory gets full and you are unable to install app on your phone or take a photo or video.And the &#34;dear&#34; Microsoft does not announced when they going to fix that issue.

Great phone, works nicely in Ecuador. At first the software had some issues and lack of customization options, but when I updated Windows 8 to it latest version most of my complaints were solved. I'm looking forward to upgrading to windows 8.1 that will come with a lot of improvements (you don't to buy a new phone to get a better OS)GOODS:The screen is very resistant and produces bright and clear images.I've been able to find almost all applications I needed.I like the size, not too big, as most of last generation smartphones.Great price.Good camera.DLNA technologyVoice commands are great. The software reads your text messages and you can dictate sms and mails.BADS:Since it works with Microsoft windows, of course it crashes once in a while.Battery life is not what I expected from a Nokia Phone.Some applications are outdated vs IOS or Android.8 Gb will not be enough if you use a lot of applications.You can't browse or search for files in your phone (Windows 8.1 is supposed to fix that)For the price, it's a great phone, which let you do almost anything you'll do with an expensive phone.

This is my first smartphone and so far it has been awesome. I love the download maps feature on this phone.

I own a Nokia Lumia 920 and had a WP7 phone before that, so it's nothing new to me. I ordered this for my sister in-law and set it up for her. It's working just fine and if you like the Windows Phone 8 OS, you will probably like this phone. Putting in the Micro SD card is a little bit tricky at first, and the SIM card door was somewhat unusual for me, but of course it worked well.The only issue I had with it is the Taiwanese ROM it came with, so it started up (without a SIM card first) in Chinese and although I figured it out and got to the point where I could select English for the system, I seriously hope my sis in-law doesn't need to hard reset the phone when I'm not around to help her out. Maybe, just maybe if I had a SIM card in it when I turned it on first, it would have selected English based on the SIM card, but I somewhat doubt it. So be aware that you may need to find the right buttons to tap at first, before you could set it up in a language you actually speak.

I love this Nokia Lumia 620 unlocked phone!!! FAST and GREAT build quality like all Nokia products!! 5 star product!

I have a problem with this cellphone. I am from Argentina, I bought you this cellphone but when I put my sim card it asks me for a pin number. That means that is locked?

Very good design and manufacturing. Considering the price, you get 2 cameras, NFC and a good resolution screen. With the tic-toc of engineering changing technology every 6-8 months, do you really need a $700 phone? For less than a third of that, you get a latest version of WinPhone 8 with updates, free Office, free offline and updated maps (with Garmin, you have to pay every year for the exact same thing).

I am not a phone person but I do love this phone. It is really easy to use. I haven't encountered any problems so far.It's affordable, the camera takes good pics not professional but good enough for me.

Software:These days there are three choices of operating system: Apple's iOS, Google's Android, and Microsoft's Windows Phone 8. Apple phones are overpriced so the competition for this phone should be Android. Windows Phone 8 is a very good system for some people, but not for everyone.Pros: Slick and attractive interface, very easy to use, maintains good performance, stable, zero maintenance. Microsoft Office included.Cons: Missing features that professionals and power users would appreciate. Not as many apps as Android and iOS although this it's not a big difference any more.WP8 is tightly managed compared to Android. It is much easier to understand and navigate, and runs much more smoothly, but is less customizable and versatile. Microsoft went too far with locking the system down and it's basically not possible to manage local user files on WP8 (same as iOS).Overall I would say that WP is the best choice unless you are 1. a power user, or 2. just need to have all the apps your twitter friends are twittering about. I personally use Android as a power user, but put the rest of my family on WP (Nokia 620) and it was the right choice.Nokia provides some software for free that you can get from the Windows Phone store. This includes good mapping software with downloadable maps, good for travelling.Hardware:The Nokia 620 is an excellent combination of hardware at this budget. The hardware is a very complete, balanced combination. It has a good processor and RAM without being excessive, front camera for video calls (e.g. Skype), NFC for future proofing, a microSD card slot. I found that GPS was very fast, much faster than any other phone or even dedicated GPS devices I have tried. Very good hardware for this budget which does not waste cost or power consumption on extraneous features. (Such as the current marketing gimmick of putting quad core processors in phones.)The screen while not high end (it's a 480p non-IPS LCD screen) still looks good, and is sharp partly due to the screen size and partly due to Microsoft's subpixel font rendering. At a higher budget the main thing you can get in terms of hardware is a better screen (IPS or OLED, 720p on larger screens). It's a 3.8" screen, good for some, too small for others.The phone is comfortable to hold and feels well built. My dad managed to dislodge the internal power button on his but it was fixed for free and he was probably pressing too hard.

I'm still getting used to this phone. The best feature on it so far is the turn by turn navigation. Other than that it is pretty cheaply made. If it drops on the floor the whole thing falls apart. The front and the back base separate. Sometimes the side buttons get stuck and I have to fuss with it and separate to get it going again. I like that I can add all my email account to the phone and that it has a connection to skydrive as well, but I'm not convinced it's the best phone out there.

Very good phone part (Nokia knows the job), excellent battery life, beautiful (small) screen, support 64GB micro card.Windows phone is a good system but apps are limited and some cross platforms apps (laptop, iOS, Androd) are not present (yet ?) on Windows phone. Check carefully what your needs are.For example, you have Evernote and LastPass but not mSecure and Dashlane.Some specific apps like Chronos calendar are very good.On screen keyboard could be better.A lot of Nokia specific apps for Photos are not useful on that small unit.

I can not unlock the phone because the EMAI that comes with the unlock code is not the same EMAI the phone. would please send me the unlock code for the phone...

Great product.First time with Windows Phone and it's really good, clean and simple.Won't regret this purchase, i'm really happy.

I am very pleased with its design, screen resolution, user friendliness,Application like Word, Excel, One Note, Internet Explorer etc...Fantastic touch screen experience ever...

While it might appear a good value, buyer beware. It's a poorly built product.1) First off, this phone is not meant for US market. So Nokia voids all warranty even if you buy from an authorized retailer.2)Secondly, the product is defective.  After couple of months of only mild use the POWER button stopped functioning. The only way to turn on the phone is plugging it into a wall charger. So pretty much useless.3) Nokia USA refused to fix the phone due to #1.  They referred me to 3rd party instead.  And 3rd party are quoting way too high to replace parts without any guarantee to fixing it.

I got this window phone last month as a replacement for my old one. It runs smoothly and has enough apps. Love it.

I've quite enjoyed my Nokia so far.  It has a full turn by turn GPS app provided by Nokia which I wasn't expecting which I've found very useful.Of note, if you do plan to use the GPS app, expect the battery to die quicker.  I needed to get a car adapter to power the phone while using it so that my battery stayed full.

Nice phone. Bought one for my wife and now think about get rid of my old android lg device. I love pre-installed navigator, superfast gps, camera and city lens.

Love the phone. It fits very well in my hand. The phone operates on Windows 8 and works smoothly, quickly, and well above my expectations. The interface is stunning. I love the level of customization available to me to set up all apps/tiles in the way that suits my needs the best. Would definitely recommed it to all who are looking for not-too-expensive smartphone.

The screen is good, very good .The first impression was very positive given how well you read the screen in bright sunlight . Bring a light sensor that changes the brightness according to ambient light . Thus, for example, the GPS changes colors from day to night every time you enter a tunnel.It is also very nice touch response of the screen , which is quite sensitive. Being a somewhat rare sensation of virtual buttons , since I have the LG the physical and am used to their hardness.The housing is nice but I always get the feeling that I will drop the phone , probably because it is not mine. The touch is soft , velvety and comfortable , with a phone to be used with your thumb.The set of applications including mobile, of itself , give an important competitive advantage .The navigation software , which while a bit simpler still , fulfills all its features prominently . The GPS receiver is excellent and fast , especially if I compare it to the LG with two -year-old technology .The map, with Google blocking native applications for Windows Phone 8 has left the door open for the excellent application provided by Nokia , is complete , accurate and also speaks directly to the browser. Being able to start navigating from either application .The Nokia transportation, which is especially useful to use any means of public transport.It really is something to consider in the purchase decision : the quality and quantity of software that is part of the device in which , so far more than its direct competition.Multimedia , videos and photos with the 620.The first thing I want to highlight is the power take screenshots with the combination of power button plus the Windows button . Works on any screen interface and is a great advantage that includes Windows Phone 8 .The videos also deserve applause . At 720p , are quite stable and are obtained more than decent result , the level expected of a low average smartphone . During testing I was at a ski resort with a horrible time out , and was able to capture images and videos with white balance more than acceptable .The Dark SideBut be doing an infomercial if I did not share the things not so good or poor directly , but really not much to report.On the sides of the screen keyboard, touch sensitivity is lost and often , too , to write I have to be careful because not respond correctly to the key pressed. It's not an impediment , but I notice quite compared to the LG .Another thing that is not working properly, the light sensor in indoor environments . At least in the test unit , sometimes given by dim and bright refitting slow cycle but came to bother to watch , for example , pictures or videos. Commonly changing the angle of the phone is sufficient to stabilize at the proper brightness .For sharpening , headphones are rather normalillos brings . Therefore it is highly recommended to purchase a better quality , because the sound is pretty good. Also, if you board an internet music site like Grooveshark or Spotify - and a good rate data - you can listen to music streamed without interruption .The only concern was that failure on one occasion , in two weeks of testing , I get stuck in black . And I said as much as touched buttons and screen. I had to remove the cover and remove the battery for there to be physical shutdown and restart the phone , and everything returned to work perfectly at all other times .When the messenger of Nokia picked up the box that contained the phone , when leaving the office I went straight to a large area to see if there were any in stock of any carrier or free to acquire one.It really is a very good phone for the price it has quality , with a software library full and smooth operation of Windows Phone 8 certified applications in the Store.

Think about a Nokia Lumia and the first thing that comes to mind is a `Windows' Phone, lack of apps and no popularity.Let me bust this myth for you. As a user of the brilliant Nokia Lumia 620, I will say that this phone is an absolute gem.I have been using this phone for over 4 months now and will rate its performance and value for money above both its android and Apple counterparts.I mainly use this phone for making calls, instant messaging/messaging, internet, music and maps.Let me breakdown the review for you to construe the the analysis conveniently --Design: The 620 has a screen size of 3.7 inches which is perfect for a phone, as it gives you the liberty of manoeuvring on the whole screen with the help of just one thumb, something which a Samsung Note won't give you.The display is great and crisp for a phone of this price.The 3.5 mm jack and USB outlet is pretty standard.The UI is fantastic, intuitive, interactive and absolutely classy. THe live tiles means you don't always have to launch the App. Also, it is different from the standard menu systems that other OS's offer. The tile design gives you the freedom to prioritize your applications by resizing them and ordering them, in quite an easy manner. Plus it is simple, colourful and so easy to use. The transitions are fluid and unlike any other OS out there.The phone's built is solid with a thick back cover and a strong glass. I have dropped the phone at least 10 times during my experience and not once has it needed fixing. It is rugged, compact and quite heavy duty.Performance: The phone works like clockwork 97% of the time, which is a lot, if you compare it to the lags and errors you encounter in Android or even the fabled iOS.The whole OS is integrated with the hardware giving seamless perrformance for a 1Ghz processor. The RAM of 512 mb is more than sufficient and handles many tasks without any issues. I have simultaneously used maps, whatsapp, music, internet applications and it has worked just fine.The networking of the phone is very good too, with the internet working smoothly and messages being delivered instantly.The phone has not hung once in my experience, and while it has undergone a bit of lag, just press the side button, and the whole system will revitalise without losing any running tasks or apps.Battery: With 1350 mah worth of battery, you would think it is quite less, but that is not so.As I mentioned earlier, the whole system is integrated tightly and this means that the battery life is more than good for the performance it delivers.I mainly listen to music constantly, surf the internet periodically, use whatsapp every 10 minutes and use maps for directions. The battery easily lasts for a whole day. Enable battery saver and you will see that the battery life increases 3 folds.Still, the usage of 3G affects the battery life, and that is true for every phone. However regular usage with 3G will last you a day easily.Camera: The 5 mp shooter is the best you can get in this price range. It gives you crystal clear clarity, and is quite better than many point and shoot cameras out there.Morevoer you can adjust the ISO, Exposure a and such technical details too. Also it gives 720p HD video shooting.Apps: The main aspect of this phone is the Apps. It is widespread that Windows store does not sport many apps. True, it does not have as many apps as its counterparts, but it has all the essential and regular apps under its belt, and that too comes with a better quality.While the likes of Android store is riddled with crappy apps that are no good, Windows store is much more streamlined. It offers you good quality apps with a uniform UI base, which means you don't need a tutorial for using them.All the regular games like Temple Run, Angry Birds, Jetpack Joyride, Where's my water, Cut the rope etc are covered by the app market.The absence of Instagram is not really an issue since Windows store has Instagram clients like Instance and much more.IM/Messaging apps like Whatsapp, VIber, Skype are present too.The HERE maps/drive/citylens feature is terrific and gives you all you need on the go.The utility section is also covered with all the essentials.The apps can be downloaded from the phone directly or from your PC/Mac/Laptop and can be installed in the phone without any additional suite or hassles.Pros:- Best phone in it's price range; - Great, tough build+Design; - Great App store; - Seamless integration; - Excellent Camera; - Good Battery life.Cons:- Not many to mention, but the default music player has a shortcoming i.e. difficulty in creating a playlistAll in all, a superb phone at this cost, a clear winner and a memorable device to have.

That particular new phone was DEFECTIVE because:(1) The worst problem with this cell phone was POOR CALL QUALITY.  During a call, I heard a loud "click" every few seconds, and could not accurately hear what was being said to me.  There seemed also to be radio interference when the phone was near other electronics, such as my computer.  If I was sitting at my computer talking on the phone, I heard a background buzz like an old FM radio too close to the television (for those of you old enough to remember) and the "CLICK" was amplified (much louder).(2) I used a SIM card for T-Mobile's network.  The particular networks I was trying to use were 2G and 3G bands 850 and 1900.  When I configured the APN pursuant to my carrier's requirements, I could NOT use MMS (in other words, I couldn't send and receive photos in text messages).  I used my carrier's technical support to ensure that I did it right, and after walking me through APN settings for the T-Mobile network, I found out there were two ways to configure it - and I had tried both before.  We (tech support and I) tried them a few times just in case, and we tried various work-around attempts, but this Windows Phone 8 would not permit MMS.Other bad stuff:(1)  There was a general lack of Apps.  Worse, the native Nokia Navigation App was awful.  It tried to send me to a Home Depot that was 23 miles away.  I live in the middle of the City of San Diego and there are at least four Home Depot stores that are much closer, one is 2.3 miles away, another less than 5 miles away, and the other two within 15 miles.  I don't even know if there WAS a Home Depot 23 miles away where it tried to take me because I was testing the App and didn't actually drive to a Home Depot, though I was driving around when I set it up.  There were other Navigation Apps available in the Windows Phone 8 App store, but each cost a few bucks, none were familiar, so a user would have to buy the App and test it, and if it didn't work, I don't know how the user would address that issue.  I could see pages of paid Navigation Apps - you could spend another $50 or $100 or more buying Navigation Apps until you found one that worked, unless you got lucky and bought one for $1.99 and it works as well as the one that comes on my Android or my buddy's iPhone both which are included (and I have two free ones that came installed on my Android, both which work very well).(2)  Battery life was awful, BUT it is a removable battery so that wasn't a deal killer.  If the quality of the calls would have been even decent; if it would have sent and received MMS; and if it would have had basic apps available that worked well; a user could buy an extra battery and charge it separately and always have power - I've always had phones with removable batteries so I don't find myself out of juice.Good stuff:(1)  After properly configuring the APN, the Internet worked very, very well.  Pages came up in a blink of an eye whether I was connected to Wi-Fi or whether I used data from the T-Mobile network.(2)  Transferring the content from my phone (contacts and photos) was very easy and very fast.(3)  Syncing my phone with my Windows Live account was a breeze and it was also very easy to also connect and sync with Google to add to contacts.(4)  The phone LOOKS great and feels good in my hands.(5)  Navigating the menus and using the Windows 8 Phone software was easy and intuitive.  Even finding APN settings and editing them was straightforward even if it took me a little bit of time to find them - but that's like any smart phone - there are a lot of categories to look through in the phone's settings menus.In Summary, I was flabbergasted that both Nokia and Microsoft rolled out such a deficient product.  Given that the Internet worked so very well and that the phone had a lot of power to quickly load beautiful web pages, I can't believe that the people who engineered this hardware and software even use cell phones.  I can guarantee that no one of any upper corporate status owns or uses this or any other cell phone because if they did, they would have demanded a useful set of native, installed, working apps.  They would know that us "regular people" use MMS, it's important to us even if for nothing but fun (but also, that's useful for work - to send photos of "stuff" back to the office for immediate response).  They would know that anyone whose owned a smart phone for a few years requires voice Navigation that works.  They could have used GOOGLE maps and written a good App for WinPhone8.  But they didn't.  They released a phone (and I read the reviews on the other Nokia Lumia Windows 8 Phone - none of them had good Apps and many people had difficulty getting MMS service) which I guess they feel they can repair over time with software push updates, or maybe not.  I returned this phone and sold my stock in both Nokia and Microsoft.  This product and the whole Lumia line looks like a losing bet made by lazy, incompetent, rich fools who aren't hungry enough and too arrogant to make sure the product they release works in the manners that people are known to use it.  They are both far out of touch with reality if they think people will enjoy using these devices.

Great Windows phone.  My friend has a Nokia Lumia 920, but that is just too big for me...as are all the other phones AT&T has to offer.  The Lumia 620 is just the right size, easy to use, great sound quality, excellent pictures and video, quick internet response - took my big sims card to AT&T - copied my contacts over to the smaller sims and I was good to go.  Very pleased.  I have been using Nokia phones since 1997, always good quality.  I hope Windows Phones really take off now and apps for them will become more common.  I won't go into the dismay upon opening the package and having the phone language set to Chinese....Thank Goodness for a Chinese co-worker.  ;-)

Everything is great about this phone. The screen is very clear in sunlight, signal reception is excellent (I use 10 c/min GoPhone). Offline maps and navigation are wonderful. No data charge for navigation. The camera quality is also acceptable for daily shots. Windows OS is also very smooth, stylish and practical. I found all the apps I needed. One nitty thing is that the headset jack may not fit firmly and the sound quality may change if the jack is not secured firmly.

Really nice phone and with the addition of a TMobile sim card ($100 per year for talk and text) this phone is a cheap way to get a smart phone.I turned off the data and only use WiFi only and have no problems checking email and using web appsThe only draw back I have found is the lack of a radio, my wife's WinPhone has one.

I am big Nokia fan so my review might not be fair... :-)This phone has everything that is needed from the phone. Operating system is fast and mostly reliable, it froze only twice during over 6 months that I have it.You don't have as many apps as for android but if you don't use many of them then it does not matter as much.There is no Radio integrated into the phone so if you need it this phone is not for you.If I could I would gave it 4.5 stars.

I choose the rating i did because i feel that the phone does GREAT for its cost. I live in The Caribbean and the phone did come to The Bahamas locked. But i called the people i got it from and they unlocked it for me over the phone. Amazing Seller
