
Great sturdy feel & weight, looks, battery life, reception and sound quality!  Display isn't a Samsung but @$124 unlocked you can't complain, AT ALL!!!!!Still figuring it out as far as using some of the apps but so far I can place and receive calls, SMS's, use the GPS functions and do minimal internet browsing (my eyes aren't what they used to be and a 4&#34; display just doesn't do it for me personally but now does lugging around a huge S4 or tablet  either)I would highly recommend this BLU product if your not all about being seem with the latest and greatest &#34;Brands & Logos&#34;cheers!!!r ;)

I'm a Straight Talk user. I must say the phone itself is great. It has all the features that you can ask for. Popped in my Straight Talk sim card and changed the APN and it was working like a breeze. The only thing is they packaged the phone with this horrible sticker on the front of the screen. It took a while to get it off without scratching the face. Then the audio sucks, no matter what type of headphones I use.

Never thought that I would have this kind of problems with a phone, but the speed of the processor seems to be a problem when playing music - there were frequent breaks -, or when taking photos - the delay between one photo and the next is too much, and when I'm taking pictures while moving, the pictures are skewed

I have this phone for over 2 months now, and it work great!The dual standby sim card work flawlessly, and switching from one another is very fast.The screen size is just right not too small, and not too big. The battery actually last a very long time, more than I was expected.You will like this phone.

Recommend and secure the purchase, money well spent, very good electronic equipment, lighter and more versatile than similar in price

well i waited a while before i would post a product review on this phone let me just tell you i am not a phone proso hear goesthe pro's:slim,reasonable weight for a phone under 150.00 i certainly wasn't going pass that for a phonefeatures are reasonably good for a phone of its calibrebattery life is not bad at allwifi works very well email is perfectcons: poor speakerthe launcher  effect constantly crashes so in mentioning it to a friend who is tech savvy he recommended nova launcher and the apex launcher they are both awesome but i chose the nova launcher because its really cool i actually get screen orientation from the home screen with this app 100% recommendation wowotherwise than these i like this phone hence the 4 stars

I bough this phone to my sister. She is very happy because it comes with the last Android version. Now, she have a good cheap and good cell phone. Thanks!

Ive had this phone for 6 months and aside from a few bugs its got to be the best phone ive ever owned..I wish there was more support for it but other than that i would highly recommend this company when you decide to buy a phone

I bought one of these. The external speaker that played ringtones, music, etc. did not work. I returned the phone for a replacement. The second phone was glitchy as well. It would reset my custom settings often, and fail to play apps properly. Overall, a disappointing phone.

This phone is a pretty nice phone for an android starter but junk to a regular android user. I have had this phone for about 1 month now and having regrets. The issue is that is has too many setbacks...The battery life sucks...You can not even get a replacement battery no where on the internet...plus half of the features does not work, especially when it comes to notifications,  voice search or recorder..Internal memory advertised is false. To add to its problems, you can not upgrade anything on it...no available accessories..If the manufacture need to be competitive technology market, they need to revisit the specs with proper upgrade.

Returned it stopped working after 15 days..there was no way to switch it on and as usual wih this phone it was unlocked so there was no way to have data connection if abroad

great team at a great price, including cheap phones is one of the best, pretty hot, but because I gave it a really exaggerated use, but nothing that does not give any other.

Yeah... I cant believe... Quadrant score for this phone... 3600 points... with only 512 ram and dual core processor...Great duration of battery and smooth software...Cons: CAMERA... but... for the price... 99 USD...

So I went from an iphone 3g to an htc evo 4g, and since I couldn't bring my evo to my new carrier, I had to purchase an unlocked phone.  I searched for about a month, and I didn't want to pay so much money for a new phone, so I stumbled upon the blu dash 4.0.  I thought it was a great deal for only a little over $100! So first week, no complaints.  Every other review that complains about the sticker that comes on the screen, it's not that big of a deal, unless you have extremely fat fingers and you can't peel a sticker.  The second week, it started getting &#34;glitchy&#34;, the sd card would &#34;unmount&#34; all of a sudden, and apps were getting slower, texting was a huge pain, it seemed like it would text any random word.  I really tried to like it, but it seemed the hardware wasn't good enough to support the android 4.0 software.  It would take really long to load, and I would have to restart the phone every day.  My suggestion, if you can't spend more than a $100, buy an unlocked iphone 3g.  If you're a &#34;cheapo&#34; like me, just cough up another hundred bucks and make an investment in a better quality phone.  You get what you pay for.  Now I have a nokia lumia 900 on the way.

This phone is incredibly cheaply made. When I first got it, the screen began to get scratched up very easily, after 2 days of using it the screen looked as if i had it for months. This phone is suppose to work good with net10 sim cards but service sucks.The network drops in and out. Once I had the correct apn settings put into the phone I was unable to get 3g. When I receive phone calls half the time I cant hear the other person because the speaker on the phone are so cheap. I would not suggest this brand for android users.

I bought this for my husband, who is hard on cell phones. This was to replace an HTC (which replaced a Cliq, which replaced a Nokia- all within a year's time). He loves it! The phone does not have all the bells and whistles of the HTC, but it does not have the price tag, either. He has apps and games aplenty. The phone is smooth and fast. It doesn't look bad. More importantly, it has held up to the abuse that he dishes out. When my Galaxy bites the dust, I will probably purchase one for myself.

Dear Amazon Customer,I initially bought this phone because I wanted a cheap(ish) smart phone that was unlocked. After three months of use, I learned that this phone is nothing more than a piece of garbage wrapped in plastic. The following are problems that I have experienced with the BLU Dash 4.0:- It drops 3/4 of all of my calls. Often times it refuses to dial and answer- BLU is a second-rate small company. With that being said, I cannot find support for the device. I contacted the vendor, and with much frustration, have been refused help.- The phone's software cannot be updated. Apps such as Whatsapp cannot be updatedPlease heed my warning and do not buy this phone. It is not worth the money or effort.With Care,M

I bought for my daughter and she loves it.  We have have no problems just, BLU doesn't have covers for most of there phones so I was able to find a cover at the mall.

For my taste it is a good article. I worked as I expected and I could only use for three weeks because the applications install him becomes too slow and did not work well.

is an excellent phone, big screen, is a team of good quality at a reasonable price, the only one against in laduracion and battery performance is a bit poor

When consider the price, We can have most of the available futures on it. But in some cases, screen get freeze. Need to improve some technologies used for this phone.

I got this for my dad who wanted a dual sim touch screen phone. He was a bit stumped at first never using such a high tech phone but now he is a pro and love his phone.

I had high hopes for this phone. I currently have a Samsung Galaxy Y Pro Duos and it only gets 2G so I wanted a dual sim that would get 3G w/AT&T.;A major  complaint was that you could only add 2 phone numbers in the contacts and if you add 1 it MUST be classified as 'mobile'. The contacts section was extremely limited, small name, 2 phone numbers and 1 email ... that's it.I never got the calendar to work. I was able to get the calendar to sync to my email account and my appointments would show up, but I could not get any of them to open up in order to see the detail. I reset the phone at least 3 time back to factory and it was always the same. Whenever I tried to open up an appointment it would say something like "Calendar function has stopped working."The final straw was when I tried a make a phone call from my Lexus. Pairing was fine but if the phone was on standby (screen was dark) I was not able to make a phone call. I would have to turn the screen on and then I was able to make calls. I even took the screen lock off and it wouldn't dial. Here's exactly what would happen ... screen would be off and I would try to make 2 phone calls all of which were disconnected (not able to make calls) then when I would turn on the screen, both calls were there as if they were in some kind of waiting zone. As soon as I turned the screen on it would start dialing the 1st number and if I hung up that call it would start to dial the 2nd number I had tried. Very strange ... but the whole point of having Bluetooth is to not have to mess with my phone, keep it in my purse and access the phone using the my Lexus.Anyway, kept the phone for 1 day and it's on it's way back to Amazon.If you don't use any of the features I've mentioned then it should be great if you just want to use it as a basic phone w/2 sim cards.Update 10/26/13 - Just bought the Blu Dash 4.5 with JB 4.2 and everything that was a problem above works great. I've only had it for 1 day so let's see.

I would have given this phone 1 star, but it gave me so much pleasure before it stopped working completely.WHEN IT WORKED:BLU DASH 4.0 was Easy to set up and tethered with my laptop much easier than the other smartphones I've tried.  It's actually the ONLY phone that tethered with my laptop.  It's speakers were great for music and everything worked as it should for several days.  I used a 32gb sd card and set the phone up to save apps to that.  I don't play games but use lots of apps.  Space was not a problem and the phone was fast and easy to use.STOPPED WORKING-Troubleshooting:Suddenly one afternoon it just stopped getting service.  It indicated "no service".  Couldn't make or receive phone calls.  Couldn't get online.  I use Straight Talk unlimited and neither the service or sim card were at fault.  (I put the sim card from BLU DASH into my Sharp FX phone to verify it was not a problem with straight talk.  It worked immediately.  The Blu dash was to replace my Sharp Fx because the sharp would not tether with my laptop.)  I could not find a user manual ANYWHERE for Blu Dash 4.0.  I connected Blu dash to my laptop and used my home internet service to downloaded applications in hopes of correcting the service connection issue.  Nothing worked.  I reset the phone back to the original factory settings since it worked perfectly for almost a week, but still no service.  I verified all the wireless network settings were correct.  I couldn't make it work.I went to the BLU website and didn't find it to be very user friendly.  As far as I could see, there was no "search" method available, so I had to click on everything in hopes of finding what I needed.  Some of the icons I clicked didn't work at all.  There didn't seem to be a place for customer reviews or questions, so I wasn't able to solve the problem by finding out what someone else did to fix this. I DID send an email to BLU regarding my problem but I did NOT give it a significant amount of time to respond. I did NOT call BLU in Miami to see if we could solve this over the phone because it would be a hassle for me.  I would have to take the sim card out of the sharp fx, put it back into BLU DASH, reboot in order to be prepared for the phone call.  If for some reason, I didn't get help at that time, I'd have to put the sim back in the sharp fx phone so I'd have cell service.  I just wasn't up for all that.  I'm kind of impatient and I would prefer a more customer friendly method to work through this technical issue.GIVING UP:I finally excepted that the phone I loved for almost a week was not going to be working anytime soon or possibly at all, so I will have to return it to amazon and purchase another.  I really thought this was "the one".  So disappointing.

this phone has everything that has 300$ phones.only con of the phone is its camera, camera is very weak, but for the price it does its job.delivery was quick  "many thanks to amazon".I give the phone 5 stars for its low price and good functionality.

ONE star!The phone is OK and is JUNK. It dies 2-4 times a day and will not restart without removing and replacing the battery.The manufacturer, BLU in Miam, said "the warranty policies are strictly written for phone distributors only and not end users" No help!The phone also has a hidden tracker, the App "Launcher" that tracks your location and all your calls. This is reported to Launcher using your data and it can not be turned off!Amazon gave me my money back so I can buy a good China phone from Panda Wall.

i love my new dash!! work very well with two sim cards! and no problem with roaming sim cards. thank u

I bought this phone to my son, so he would have a simple smartphone, that I wouldn't care if it would break.Cool phone, not the fastest, not the best screen, not the best camera, but works fine. games work on it it, and all the other features.

this phone was brought as gift from me to me as a brithday gift on the 22nd march, the same as the icou to me

PROS: LightweightCONS: often freezes, processed slowly, operating system patched and buggy, weak reception, no autofocus,  useless flash, is a toy phone, bad, bad very bad

Its fast ADN small ir good creen bit the camera is not todo good i recomend theproduct ir you don y want to take qualitty pics

The phone runs smooth, the dual-core 1ghz a5 cpu is very capable, it scored only 10% slower than my dual-core 1.5ghz a9 cpu Pantech Burst.  The screen, although not AMOLED, it is actually brighter than the AMOLED screen on Pantech Burst.  Dual sim is a huge advantage over single sim, you can finally separate business phone vs personal phone calls without having to either carry two phones, or swapping sim cards.  This version supports 850/1900mhz 3g so its compatible with most US carriers.  An international version with 850/2100mhz model number D270i can also be purchased on Amazon for similiar price.The battery is 1500 mAh,  they LAST FOREVER!  perhaps its the super effecient A5 cpu used in the phone, general usage  (5 phone calls, 20-30 text messages, 1-2 hr gaming per day), the phone lasted 2 days between charges.  This is excellent running time for a $120 device with a beautiful screen.Verdict:Excellent value from performance to price to feature ratio.  The screen is excellent and very very bright, speed is good and feature is complete.  The dual-core cpu offers enough speed for most people, which dual sim capable helps people with need to utilize 2 phones at a time.  The only down side about the phone, is perhaps its 512mb ram that might hinder future upgrades.  However, I have not personally noticed any lagging or performance issues.

good phone, for child

love the phone. but user book is very small and hard to read. and could use more how to documentationand there is no online documentation

Awesome phone for its price..specification and performance is better than other branded higher cost phones..touch screen feel is really good..  definitely recommend this one..

I'm using this phone on straight talk. I've been using this phone for about two week and am really happy with it so far. I was looking for a phone to replace the byop that I was using, so I already had sim card. Overall this phone has a really nice hand feel, not too wide or heavy, the sides are slightly rounded.  The back is a smooth plastic, but that hasn't been a problem for me. The screen is a good size, large enough to be useful, but not so wide that it uncomfortable to hold. It's a nice looking phone and doesn't look cheap. The display is clear, with decent color, no it doesn't look like a i-phone or a galaxy, but I didn't expect that at this price.  The screen is responsive to touch and smooth. The soft keys are at the bottom of the screen, but they don't show when an app is open, every app I've used run full screen. The sound is good on this phone, I've watched videos and music and it clear and loud enough to hear, not stereo or anything, but good enough that it doesn't make me nuts, Setting this phone up was easy, popped in my sim(slot 1) programed my information just like it says on straight talks site and everything worked fine. I'm not thrilled with all the social apps that come pre-installed, but the phone lets you disable most of them in settings, so they aren't wasting your memory. The voice reception on this phone is great, I'm getting an extra bar and my phone calls are very clear. The bluetooth also works well, and is easy to pair. I haven't had any problems with my battery, it seems to be on par with the other smart phones I've had while using it, and way better on standby than most of the phones I've had. I have a 32 sd installed, and there is a setting that lets you automatically save everything to it. I've only had a couple of apps that don't want to, and that's the app not the phone. Now for the not so good, this phone has one of the worst wi-fi antennas that I have ever seen. It works, but I have never gotten full bars, not even when I'm sitting 10 feet from the router. I use the wi-fi every day, but I can see the difference in speed,  not enough to return it, but noticeable. The camera is just ok, birthday party snaps, and that's about it. The front camera is really dark. The other thing I noticed is the voice to text is slow, so slow, when I tested it, I didn't think it worked. It got all the words correct, but it is so slow as to be unusable. Overall, I really like this phone, value to price, I don't think it can be beat. If you want a phone for calls, text, light web browsing and a few games and apps you'll be happy. I've been using the kindle app, netflix , a few casual type games all with no problems.

while I was overseas it did very well with the dual sim format I wish it had wifi . I took it for granted that the phone had this capability!!!. I like it very much also size wise.

very fast, looks very nice and is very easy to use. I liked as packaged but had problems with the shipment, he takes me another week because of problems the seller. recommend the valuable phone worth the wait. has two to two normal simcards and it works perfect. when I browse the data and wifi is very fast. Mark knew not but I think good, good quality and magnificent accessories.

First of all it says it is unlocked and it also said it works in 900Mhz feecuency: not true. And after 4 weeks batery lasts only 6hours....a total waste of time

Blu Dash is a fantastic phone.allows you to programme the voicemail number to the number on your phone instead of the carriers preset numbers on your sim card, which is annoying.Blu Products Tech Support is willing to send me the kernel so I can further modify the programme features, such as hard code the voicemail number on the sim card once you set it and click save button.I also plan to install this kernel on the Blu Products Vivo 4.3. With a few tweaks.A hybrid kernel, I guess.The Blu Products Vivo kernel has features not found on the Dash, so we'll keep all this on the Blu Products Vivo kernel, adding the voicemail number programming tweaks to the existing Vivo kernel.We're running the 64 GB microSD card with titanium backup and droidsail app 2SD from Google play.We also plan to tweak the date format to set the day from 3 letters (sat) to 2 letter format (sa) instead.similar to the military layout.

After almost four months of ownership I sorely regret purchasing this piece of junk, being misled by older higher-rated reviews. I'm already looking at finding a replacement. Keep your $120 in your pocket and stay away for your own sanity.First off, the Blu Dash 4.0 is part of a family of clones including the Cherry Mobile Burst and Lava Xolo A500. If something comes out for one of the clones chances are it will also work with the Dash.UNBOXING. Everything about this phone screamed cheap Chinese knockoff starting with the packaging. For God knows what reason a giant sticker covered the display and was stuck to what would could be a semi-decent screen protector. Don't bother with the manual unless you want a good laugh at how poorly translated it is. Even the manual offered on Blu's web site does not match. At least the manual on the web explains how to seat the microSD card using the flipping metal slot.HARDWARE. The hardware is very poor quality. Within two months white spots developed on the display. At this price point there isn't much room to complain. After enough battery pulls the flimsy back cover won't stay closed in place. And you WILL be pulling the battery quite a bit. More on the software later.Within the last few weeks the phone now overheats especially when I use GPS for an extended period such as Waze. Consequently the phone reboots which makes it useless for navigating.The phone ships with 512 MB of RAM which is the bare minimum for ICS. Even worse, you're only allocated 341 MB. Because of this limitation I recommend rooting and tweaking the memory management. Not that it's going to help much because you're just going to kill off much needed services sooner. So take your pick: Either live with constantly restarting services or having Android bog down and freeze. Bottom line, these clones should have shipped with 1 GB at minimum.The phone comes with front and rear cameras but they're both horrible for anything more than basic pictures for the web. The rear camera has a LED flash but it's weak. I've tried switching to 3 MP for taking shots but the camera hardware is just lacking.SOFTWARE. The phone originally shipped with a very buggy 4.0.4 ROM and GO Launcher EX. Dump GO and switch to a better launcher such as Apex or Nova - at least they won't lag or redraw on you as often. There isn't much bloatware; you do get a FM radio app, LED flashlight (weak), a notes app, portable hotspot, stopwatch, WhatsApp, world clock, Facebook, and Twitter. An updated build featured the stock launcher and lacked a few social apps. Too bad that it was still buggy.The broken English in the dialogs is rather annoying. Even worse are the power saver settings which do not make any sense whatsoever. I just leave it off completely.LAG. As mentioned, 512 MB of RAM is NOT enough to run ICS with your apps. Your phone WILL lag. No bueno.BATTERY LIFE. Terrible. Keep chargers on hand especially if you listen to a lot of music. After two months I noticed that my battery is not holding a charge like it used to, even after wiping battery stats and calibrating. Where did Blu find these cheap batteries from?STORAGE SPACE. ~2 GB for internal storage and ~1 GB for phone storage. I highly recommend adding a microSD card.NO GOOGLE PLAY SERVICES OUT OF THE BOX. This is NOT the same as the Google Play Store. Any apps that rely on this (YouTube, Google+, My Tracks) will simply refuse to work. Try installing Google Play Services all you want; it will fail. Blu's update corrected this(?).PHONE/DIALER. If I use heavy apps and I have an incoming call, there is a noticeable delay before the incoming call screen appears. On more than occasion I have missed calls because of this. The speaker can be glitchy at times, requiring a few on/off toggles.NO SUPPORT. I experienced first hand that Blu does NOT stand by their products. They will tell you to contact your distributor, who are equally worthless when it comes to getting help. Not to mention I also saw the bit about the warranty not applying to the customer. You might as well root and take total control of your device and try to fix the shortcomings yourself.BOTTOM LINE. Keep your expectations in check. This is a budget phone and you are getting what you pay for. Normally I root my Android devices to get rid of annoying ads and to install Titanium Backup for backing up my apps. I should NOT have to root to fix shortcomings such as the inadequate memory and out of the box management. The hardware issues may not crop up until long after your warranty period. Unfortunately, this phone isn't worth much if you try to sell it.Stay far away from these phones. Last I heard there's a newer version with Jelly Bean...and the same limiting 512 MB RAM. Good luck with that.

I bought this product cause it seems to be a good deal. However it arrived with a touchscreen problem, which makes this product impossible to use cause automatically presses buttons and stuffs on the screen. I bought it from BLUTEKUSA just in case. I won't tell you it's kinda fast and battery life is great, however quality is not on BLU products, this kind of issues are not forgivable.

The phone was not worth the value.  I was unable to access voicemail, receive picture messages and the manuel was not helpful at all.  The phone would sometimes freeze.

The worst phone I have ever had I wish I never bought it? Please don't buy this phone it's Jocke

It gets a four only because the instruction manual was a waste of time but besides that it works great!

I've been dwelling the past few weeks trying to decide if I should just spring for a GS3 or a Nexus 4 but the problem is that I really only use my smartphones for light app usage (reddit mostly), occasionally pictures and email. I really liked ICS and swype on my old GS2 Skyrocket but the phone died on me. I purchased this phone with hesitation but having upgrading from an older 2.3 Android phone this phone is a vast improvement. It is certainly a little buggier and a little slower than my old GS2 Skyrocket but it's not significant enough considering the price difference. This phone is perfect for what I want to do on a smartphone and work great on At&t.; I would definitely recommend this product for anyone looking for a budget Android phone. Going with Gingerbead instead of Ice Cream Sandwich is really not worth it. Also I would recommend a 32gb Micro sd card. Additionally I had read somewhere that this phone has two 500mhz cores instead of 1ghz cores. I can confirm it has 2 1ghz cores but the RAM is actually 384mb and 512mb which is fine for most people. Games like GTA3 and Minecraft work pretty well surprisingly.Edit: One thing I've noticed about this phone in reference to the freezing and crashing issues, is that it likes to be restarted about once a week. This used to happen on my Galaxy S 2 Skyrocket and iPhone 4 and a simple restart would generally clear up crashing and Force Closes on applications. This probably has something to do with the memory getting full or applications staying up and such but I've found that a once a week restart is always beneficial when using a smartphone.

Have never used a product by Blu before. But I was looking for a moderately inexpensive GSM cell phone, tired of contracts and not particularly fond of the phones supplied by pre-paid contract carriers, this gave me more ownership over who I choose. The phone has been very quick. I receive all my emails, have 4 games I play, numerous other apps, plus I like to define my SMS, Emails, etc., with personal apps, and the phone doesn't slow down. The 'Dual Sim Card' was very easy to install and set up. Very pleased so far with it's performance.

This is my second BLU android phone.The Dash 4.0 met and exceeded my expectations.Cannot beat this phone for the price.Add these three apps from PLAY to extend battery and data usage.DS Battery Saver, Data Usage Defender, Onavo Extend. I easily get 2-3 days of battery or more.GPS works well and phone works with my Wifi VERY well. I currently use T-Mobiles system, no problem at all.The camera is what it is. I don't take pics except for very basic use. Use regular camera for all major pics.Can't see spending $600 to take pics with a telephone.

This device does not have any features that makes it as a reliable one. The battery died after two weeks. Its screen turns black after 5 sec and no way to set it in a different manner. The return policy sucks,  it is impossible to find replaced parts.

this phone is the worst android phone i ever used. it crashes almost every application, slow, sluggish and simply bad all around. camera takes horrible blurry and over saturated photos that look like they're from early 2000's digital cameras. DO NOT, REPEAT - DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE.

This phone meets all expectations, it is a low price phone has the same features of a high end. It has nothing to envy to another, especially patch for the Venezuelan market, it works correctly.

I gave this a 4-star rating only because I have not yet tried out all the features.  I otherwise would have rated the BLU Dash 4.0 5-stars!  As others have said, the manual could be improved but, with reading glasses, it provides enough information to help you get familiar with the phone's operational features and setup.  And because this phone just debuted in December of 2012, it's hard to find many accessories or other information for the phone online.  There is a manual available through BLU's website but it is not very complete and only covers very basic features of the phone.  I happened to find a leather phone case with a belt clip (which is how I prefer to carry my phones) at Walmart which fits this phone perfectly.I received the phone new and in a sealed box with no problems.  Amazon did a GREAT job and I received my phone in seven days, from the time I placed my order (regular shipping).I have been a long time Consumer Cellular (CC) customer and did not want to change carriers; however, I wanted to upgrade from a CC flip-phone that I had for over four years.  After looking at the selection of smart phones on CC's site, I didn't really care for any of them.  I was looking for a larger screen size and a more current operating system, memory, etc than what their phones offered.  So I did some research and decided that an unlocked GSM phone was the way to go.  The BLU Dash 4.0 (unlocked GSM phone for the AT&T; network) works wonderfully with my CC plan!  As it turned out, my existing SIM card did not work in the Dash but only because the SIM from my flip-phone was too old.  I contacted CC they immediately sent me an updated SIM card (for no cost) and it worked beautifully.  Kudos to Consumer Cellular!I've been using the phone for almost 3 weeks now.  I was able to import all of my contacts from my old phone, no problem.  I love the ICS OS in the Dash 4.0.  I don't have/run a lot of apps and other stuff loaded on my phone -- nor do I need to -- but the phone is fast!  Even my son, who has an HTC One V (w/ ICS 4.0) phone and plays a lot of games, etc. said that the Dash 4.0 is A NICE PHONE!  I currently run a weather app, local WAN, email, and Bluetooth connection for my car, and of course a clock widget on my phone 24/7 and the phone does not 'break a sweat'.  I know that's not a real test of a phone's capability but that's basically all I need it for.  But I know that as I become a heavier data user, the phone's has much more reserve capability.As far as the battery goes, the BLU Dash 4.0 has far exceeded my expections!!  While researching smart phones, one of the common complaints for almost all phones is the battery life, and that's not unexpected -- the screens are getting bigger and heavier data use takes a toll on the amount of time you get on a charge.  But I found that I get MORE TIME between charges with the Dash 4.0 versus my old flip-phone!  Surprisingly, using the phone as I described above, I have gone 3 days between charges and the battery indicator still says that there is 40% battery remaining!  I don't have a car-charger yet so I wanted to be sure of the phone's limitations so I wouldn't get stuck somewhere with a dead battery.  I couldn't go that long with my old flip-phone without hearing the phone's 'low battery indicator' beeping away.As a moderate technology user (cell phone, texting, email, and web) the phone is easy to navigate and setup.  With the exception of heavy data use, I have probably used/explored 85 to 90% of the phone's capabilities and features, and have been very impressed.  With the memory, ICS operating system, and other features that comes with the Dash 4.0, I believe this phone will serve me well for years to come.  So if you are a similar smart phone user, I would HIGHLY recommend the BLU Dash 4.0.  Overall, the Dash 4.0 offers a lot of features for the money!

I got this about a month ago. Bought it over a similarly priced Samsung because it had an updated android 4.0. But it when down hill from there. The OS is buggy and frequently crashes once every 10 mins. The battery doesnt last the day unless you stop using it. The processor is too slow for music play back so the audio drops out when playing back ever 30 seconds only to have the player crash for no reason a few songs in. Worst of all the Android Play Store is not officially supported so Google Play services refuses to install because of some weird error.I would not recommend this phone to anyone until there is at least a software update that fixes the audio playback and general bugginess of the phone.

I was looking for a phone with low price but the last Android OS and this seemed perfect to me, besides having very good reviewsThe screen is a good size, large enough to be useful, The display is clear, The screen is responsive to touch and smooth.The voice reception on this phone is great and the sound is good on this phone

This is my first smartphone, so I relied heavily on reviews when choosing which one to buy. For the money, I think this is a 5 star phone, and it's surprising to me it's only averaged 3.5. I think people are expecting too much from it. First of all, the screen is large and very nice looking. It's not up to high dollar phone standard, and I don't expect it to be.The capacitive touch is SUPER sensitive. With a tiny flick of the finger you can scroll from top to bottom of a large web page. The processor for me, has been for the most part, lightning fast. The only time I experienced lag, was when using Google street view.The only real weak points I see so far, are the cameras. It says 5 megapixels, and that seems about right. The cameras are not very sensitive to light making low light conditions look pretty bad. The video and pictures aren't pixelated, just not a great quality. The flash is simply a weak led, and basically useless. The battery lasts about eight days on standby, but I turn of the wifi when I'm not using it. If left on, even when on standby, wifi eats up the battery charge fairly quickly.  While watching videos on wifi, and downloading apps etc., the battery lasts maybe a few hours. This phone doesn't come with a case, as I heard it did, only a manual, battery, wired headphone/microphone, and a usb cable/charger with added wall plug adapter. The sticker on the screen is a horrible pain the in butt to remove, but underneath it, is a screen protector. Google Play comes pre-installed on the phone. Internal phone storage is a healthy 2gb, which is more than some higher dollar phones have.The speaker is loud, but can get a tiny bit crackly at full volume.  The vibrate feature works well, as do the MANY functions of the apps. The wifi works excellent on my wireless network at home, even though it shows a weak signal. It connects easily, and doesn't drop the connection. The dual sims work fine, and you can manage both of your cards easily in the settings. This plays high quality videos with ease. The gps works EXCELLENT, google maps will show my exact location, without entering any info. This works great with the new google map app, which gives you vocal turn by turn directions to your destination. For the money, I'm very happy with the quality and many useful functions of this phone.

THE PHONE LOOKS GOOD UNTILL YOU TURN IT ON. ITS NOT EVEN A REAL ANDROID. ITS A COPY, AND NOT A GOOD COPY. THE DIALER IS UGLY,THE COLORS ARE UGLY,THE GRAPHICS ARE HORRIBLE. THE CONTACTS MENU IS SO OUT DATED. THE FEATURES IN THE MENUS LACK THE BEST ONES ABOUT AN ANDROID. IT FUNCTIONS GREAT TO TALK ON, WHERE YOU CAN GET A SIGNAL. THE BROWSER IS SLOW. .. MUSIC PLAYER OUT DATED. CAMERA IS GRAINY,FRONT CAMERA DARK, FLASHLIGHTS DIM.  NONE OF MY T MOBILE APPS WORKED RIGHT. MY MOBILE LIFE CONTACT WOULD NOT SYNC.KEYBOARD SUCKS. I FEEL LIKE I WAS MISLEAD BY THE DESCRIPTION AND FALSE ADVERTISEMENT.

I could never get this phone to work properly and it was very slow. I had to send it back.

Its an excelent phone for that price. In Samsung, for example, you have to pay like $300 for a phone with those specifications

My wife and I bought 2 of these phones to use with Consumer Cellular (CC). The pros and cons below were from BOTH phones, they both performed the same way.PROS: They hooked up easily with the CC sim cards and contacts were easily transferable. The phone is lightweight and the screen is great with amazing resolution. It has a lot of options to customize your screen and seemed to hook up fine to my wireless and google play, issues that other people were having. I did have problems getting it to configure with consumer cellular so i could use the data, but someone posted on Amazon how they put in their own VPN and I used that information and it worked great. (I am copying and pasting this info at the bottom of my review...)  I also thought the camera worked just fine...it is only like 5 megapixels so I don't know what people expect for that.CONS: Very glitchy phone. Things spazzed out easily and it seemed we were constantly reloading stuff. The keyboard does not work like it should and kept inserting my contact names for words. Again, this phone is VERY glitchy. Some reviewers say it is not actually an Android system. I am not technologically knowledgeable enough to know if that is true, but based on my experience this sounds like a valid reason for the issues we encountered. The manual was very pathetic and didn't really help at all. One of the worst things about the phones was the sound quality. No matter how much you turned it up, it still came in like you were talking underwater. Didn't matter who you called or where you were. After a week or so of using the phone I encountered another issue, our phones would not send picture messaging. I spent the next 10 days trying to get an email from BLU to help me with the issue. I tried, I really did. They responded once, after about 5 days of waiting and said they needed to know my cellphone carrier. When I replied, there was no answer. After 5 more days I called CC and they said they may not truly be &#34;unlocked&#34; although another exact phone has the possibility of being unlocked...it just depends on the phone (I don't really get that, but like I said, I'm not a techie). So that was the last straw and I sent it back. Did I ever tell you how awesome Amazon Prime is???? I sent them an email and they replied instantly, I got my money back and that was that. I am a loyal customer!We ended up buying the Samsung Exhilarate which was about $30 more per phone and couldn't be happier. It is a great phone performs excellently. If the BLU would have sent picture messages I probably would have kept it, but it was my first android phone so I didn't have anything to compare it to. Now that I have the Samsung, I realize how poorly it was made and performed.Instructions on how to get your data (and maybe your MMS!) to work by changing your VPN info on the BLU phone. Thank you, fellow Amazon Reviewer.Add a new APN and insert in the following values. Notes: If you don't have all the values available, just enter the ones you do have available (it might still work for you). Some values are purposely left blank and should remain that way. Also note that (on some phones) for &#34;APN type&#34;, no spaces should be used so don't be tempted to add a space after the comma.a. Name: Consumer Cellular WEBb. APN: att.mvnoc. Proxy: proxy.mvno.ccmobileweb.comd. Port: 80e. User Name:f. Password:g. Server:h. MMSC:i. MMS proxy: proxy.mvno.ccmobileweb.comj. MMS port: 80k. MCC: 310l. MNC: 410m. IP Version: IPn. Authentication type: PAPo. APN type: default,suplp. APN Protocol: IPv4Click &#60;Save&#62;. If you don't see that as an option, you will have to look for what button to push on the phone to reveal it as an option.

When I bought this phone but wanted something cheap, but just 15 days after the cell phone does not work at all.Why I evaluate it as ***: because Im from Mexico and in the BLU company in Mexico let me to fix it with the invoice of Amazon, that was great because is not a common practice in my CountryThanks and Regards

Well you get what you pay for. Pretty happy with the idea of giving this little Miami based company a try but it took me all of about five minutes to realize this is not a true Android OS. It looks more or less Android but is more like the Kindle Fire and full of limitations. These limitations are acceptable on a Kindle Fire but for a so-called Android 4.0 device it is unacceptable.Many apps use location services and this phone does not allow that. So even apps like Starbucks and Weather Bug will not operate.The home screen widget for the weather does not update unless you tap it. If you haven't done this it may show weather from a day or two ago.A big give away that this is not truly a Google Android device is that the Chrome browser is not installed on delivery. Installing Chrome you will notice it is very slow. Chrome browser is quite snappy with the right hardware. The other major give away is that there is no multitask switcher. That was my favorite feature of my Nexus 7. Pressing the multitask button on the bottom opened a list of all running apps and you can just swipe them off the screen to close them or tap one to open it.In system update the system version is called, "BLU_D270_V04_GENERIC."  Not Android. Performing a system update check will give you the message, "As the network is busy, please try later." But don't bother. I have tried many times to check for updates and even in the middle of the night did not get anywhere.So there is limitation on what apps will work on this device, there are no system updates, it is not true android, and it is not heavily supported. Is there anything good to report? YES!I give the cons first to warn you that this device is not going to perform like your friends true Android. So before you go showing off that you have Ice Cream Sandwich and paid sub $120 remember, you do NOT have true Ice Cream Sandwich. Just a knock off cheap version.So the good...1. The Google Navigation WORKS properly. This battery draining GPS software works like a charm. But leaving it on all the time, even plugged into the charger, drains the battery.2. Pandora WORKS. Now Pandora has been really finicky about streaming lately but this device does carry Pandora. However the Pandora widget for your home screen does not work properly and shouldn't be bothered with.3. Voice search does work. It is not great on this device as it is not a fully functional Android, but it does work.4. Go SMS works. With Go SMS a user can get around the issue of sending pictures. It is a fairly light messaging program that won't clog the limited RAM of this device. I also recommend downloading the Go Keyboard. The autocorrect built into this phone is probably the worst feature I have ever seen. Go Keyboard fixes that. If you want to talk to text, select the swype keyboard and tap the mic. You can speak in a normal voice and the device will take a few moments and record your words into the text message. It works but it is slow. I would say it is tolerable.5. Bluetooth WORKS as it should. This was a concern as some devices try to make themselves only a phone or only an audio player on my car radio. This phone will stream Pandora to my stereo and when the phone rings I can answer it. Happy about that.6. The screen is quite good. At 4" it is nowhere near the resolution of iPhone 5. However, for a typical Blu user, I do not suspect this to be a problem. The pixels are tight and I haven't had any issues reading the screen. That said, the viewing angle is embarrassing. In certain conditions a slight movement of your wrist will cause the screen to fade out. That's ridiculous.Overall I think the people buying this phone will find plenty to be happy about and can live with the limitations. I haven't decided if I can live with them or not yet. I just find myself using this phone and realizing it is supposedly Android 4.0 but it is not as functional as my old Android 2.3 phone. That's where I am baffled.EDIT: Same day as original reviewOut today running my course of errands this phone got really finicky. I would have to press the unlock button a dozen times to get it show any screen. Then it would flash for a while and I could unlock it. Once unlocked all my apps show up as black circles and it took about a minute for them to be usable. Then trying to use the apps it froze several times. A sign of things to come I assume. Since I just got the phone I am going well within range to send it back and have already filled out my return slip and printed my shipping label.I would like to recommend the bargain shoppers check out the Pantech Burst P9070. I just stumbled on it here on Amazon and from what I can tell it will be a much better fit. I have confirmed that Ice Cream Sandwich can be installed on the Pantech and cannot find any forums speaking sourly about it. It was release January 2012 but still has the high res screen and dual core processor. It also adds LTE and an AMOLED screen. My cost with tax was $158 here on Amazon. Surly it is worth the price bump. If you cannot afford the little extra money then perhaps a smart phone plan is not really within reach. But if you want a solid bargain phone, I would say the Pantech is the way to go.Enjoy and good luck!

Excellent phone, low cost and good performance, buy a gift and liked it, comes with Android 4.2.2, the camera is good for beginners and basic users is enough. Thank you.

The software crashes often. Its hard to make use of your data plan. On the plus side  the dual sim function is excellent. I loved that.

works good, not the best phone iv owned before, back camera has a crack in it doesn't show in pictures so its all good, and screen has a crack but all in all it does what i need it for.

Pro: the call quality was quite good and the screen was also pleasant. I noticed other reviewers complained it did not mesh nicely with the Google Play Store, but I had no problems downloading apps and synching with my Google accounts.Con: This phone is too underpowered. Try to send a text message and the keyboard crashes. The only thing I could take a photo of was a still life because the camera takes too long to take a picture when clicking the shutter. I tried a few different launchers and faster web browsers to make things run faster, and also limited the processes to two, but it still regularly crashed out when performing simple tasks like web browsing or text messaging. I did not even bother trying to play a game. For a phone this underpowered, I was also surprised that the battery life was not very good either.Final thoughts: One of the most important qualities for a smartphone is stability. I was prepared to deal with slow, but the crashing while performing simple tasks made me return this phone. So far, Amazon's return policy has been very convenient.

the smartphone was fine but i was unabled to upgrade to jelly beam android and when i call BLU to ask about this they told me that this model cannot upgrade... then is a lie when it says &#34;upgradeable to jelly beam&#34;

Update: There are better phones out there for the money. Both the cameras are too bad for any practical purpose. This was sent to my parents, so that they can see my kids when they want to. But Skype call sucks, the video was awful, not sure if it was because of the connection(connection was bad too -2G ). But then the back camera also produced smudgy images. Wish I had spent a little more and sent a good one(even a windows phone like Nokia 520, which comes for about $85 these days).Other comments about Touchscreen/performance etc remains unchanged.-------------------------------------------------------------------Just had it for 3 days. Haven't made any calls yet. Will update the review If I see any issues. Here are the first impressions.- Performance is very good. I changed to ADW launcher(It may not feel the same as my samsung GS2 Skyrocket with superlight OS from XDA dev. But performance didn't make me uncomfortable). And I am normally picky about responsiveness of the phone/computer.- Touchscreen is smooth, Screen is sharp, camera is clear(Low light images are not great, but this is a phone and not a camera). Will upload some images when I get time.- Google Play store works fine. wifi and other stuff works as expected.- Skype signed in pretty fast. Didn't test video calls yet.- Stellar standby time on battery. I had an ATT sim in it and the battery shows 56% charge after 3 days and 1 hours ! I hadn't made any voice calls yet. So this is just standby time and a little bit of screen time playing with google play store etc.So far seems fine to me. I am yet to test- Voice calls/clarity etc- 3G data speeds- Skype video/voice calls- sound Audio qualityconcerns:- Plastic back(it doesn't bother me, but may bother you if you are an apple fan).

I bought this phone and i'm very happy with it. It even brought and protection case within the box. 100% satisfied.

The build is good, the display clear and crisp, and the phone service fine, but the phone is slow, slow, slow.  Hangs up for a long time between tasks.  Not a memory issue, as there is plenty.  I have a second Blu phone with a quad core 1.2 gigahertz chip that works much faster, and with which I am very satisfied (Life View)

Ok so i had this phone for about 3 months and its not bad. The size is good. The main camera isn't all that bad but isn't really that good either. The front camera on the other hand is just bad it's a VGA so it has no flash, and you need really good lighting to get a decent picture in th dark it's useless. It actually comes pre-installed with the ICS 4.1 not the 4.0 as advertised. When you download the apps you have the option to store on phone or on the sd card. if you save the apps to the phone itreally starts to lag. when you have the apps on the sd card it runs smoother but any time that any of the apps need tobe updated the phone will start lagging again so keep checking for updates. the shipping was great i can never coplain when using the prime shipping. over all a good phone for the money

very bice celphone... i love it...!! buy it... its so easy and very good... excelent equipment, its a little slow

Pros:Dual core A5 processor480x800AndroidPRICECons:512mb ram (it's enough)4Gb internal memoryI had no trouble removing the sticker, or realizing that said sticker is stuck to a hard acetate factory cover. You "could"  remove the sticker easily and keep the acetate as a screen protector, though it's clearly meant to keep it nice through the factory, and removed by the user.The phone is fast and responsive. Everything works as it should. Build quality looks quite good for such a cheap phone.It's very light weight, and fits nicely in the hand. I do have some concern about the 1,300mah batt. But again, it's enough todo the job.Despite the price, this phone has specs that place it among competitors that typically cost $300+.I am very satisfied with this purchase.

Cons:As some have mentioned, this is not real android 4.0; it's a copy.  Issues that arise from this range from big, like not being able to install google play services, to insignificant, like spelling errors.  So if you want to run youtube you have to do it through the browser. As far as I can tell there is no way of getting it to work.Another strange thing I've noticed is that the texting application makes it appear as if both sides of the conversation are said by me. It displays my name for both.  Not a practical problem but odd.This phone is very laggy.  As some have stated, it does not feel like a dual core, and it doesn't advertise a dual core on the box at all, even with the rest of the hardware specifications.  It just says &#34;1 ghz processor.&#34;  It seems a bit sketchy, seeing as how it also advertises 4 gb on the phone and really has 2 gb.It seems to have a bit of a small antenna.  I often find myself at 2 bars for wifi signal.Other people talked about freezing apps issues, which I've not had. I've definitely had plenty of app crashing though, including touchtunes not working for more than 5 seconds at a time.Someone else mentioned SD cards not working properly, which wasn't the case for me either. I put in a 32 gb and it worked as advertised.Pros:very good battery life.  GSMarena lists the phone as coming with a 1300 mAH battery, but mine came with a 1500.  Lasts all day without much problem, even when I use it quite a bit, though I'm not an extremely heavy user.As most have noticed with this phone, its hardware is amongst phones in the $250-300 range, so it's a very good value.good feel, good weight, and the screen is plenty bright.That pretty much covers everything.  Hope this helps!

Good and complete.

ACTUALIZACION DEL BLU DASH D270A A ICE CREAM SANDWICH 4.04 FIXED ALL BUG UPDATE BY BLU PRODUCTS[...]Compre este smartphone debido a que lo vi a 120$ y telefonos de estas caracteristicas cuesta hasta 300, tenia un samsung galaxy y . y puedo decir que este telefono no es tan malo como dicen... Al comienzo queria dar problemas, con el google play services en youtube pero nada que pueda solucionarse con tocar afuera del anuncio donde lo piden y listo no te lo pide mas... El launcher es un poco pesado eso si me he dado cuenta pero con el clean master todo bien, la camara toma buenas fotos y la pantalla tiene buena resolucion. Excelente Recomendado-Includes BLU D270A handset, lithium-ion battery, back-door, charger, user's guide-Compatible with GSM 850/900/1800/1900MHz, HSDPA 850/1900/2100MHz networks-Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich OS upgradable to v4.1 (Jelly Bean)-1GHz Cortex-A5 dual-core processor-Qualcomm MSM8225 Snapdragon chipset-Adreno 203 GPU-512MB RAM-4GB ROM-4" diagonal TFT capacitive multitouch display with 480x800 resolution, Swype-802.11b/g/n Wi-Fi, Wi-Fi hotspot-HTML, Adobe Flash browser-Email, push email, MMS messaging, threaded-view SMS messaging, IM-5MP rear-facing cam with LED flash, geotagging, touch focus, face detection, image stabilization, video-Front-facing cam with video-Music player: supports MP3, AAC, WMA, WAV formats-FM radio-Video player: supports DivX, XviD, H.264, MP4, WMV formats-Bluetooth 3.0-GPS with A-GPS support-SNS integration-Document viewer/editor-Image viewer/editor-Voice memo/dial/commands-microSD card slot-Micro USB 2.0 port-3.5mm jack-Measures approximately 4-7/8" x 2-1/2" x 1/2"-UL listed; 1-year limited warrantySo far im very happy with this phone and would recommend it highly the only draw back i see is the lack of accessorie

I love this phone...it is so practical and easy to use...great buy for a $100 and the dual sim mode makes it even better...work and play can be achieved

The unlock button stopped working after a week I need to return it. We could not work around it, it definitely stopped working

Another gift for my Mom,  she really liked it as well,  the phone is very nice and has a decent size. And the phones came faster than what expected!

I've had this phone for a few days and couldn't be happier.  Responsive, nice screen and feels good in the hand!!  Great price for an unlocked ICS (soon to be JB) device.Update:  None of BLU's products support Google Play, so be aware of these issues when attempting to install Google Play services!  I'm revising my review to 3 stars.

This phones crashes and freezes up a lot by the time you add apps you barely have any kund of ram when online or watching videos make sure to have your charger close by or else very short battery life.

I bought this phone because of the price. Significantly lower than other Android phones I could find, they couldn't send it to me fast enough. But, it wasn't until I started using it did I realize that just because it has Android 4.0 doesn't mean it is able to actually run it. I don't how people can say that it's fast when Samsung mp3 player that runs 2.0 can run circles around it. Perhaps I just got a messed up phone, but if it takes more than 15 seconds just for it to load the main screen, there's a big problem with the operating speed. There's a reason majour electronics companies like Samsung are majour, it's because their devices actually work. Steer clear of BLU, steer clear.

Mine was purchased fom BREED, backed by Amazon. It arrived on-time and perfectly intact. It came with a phone-to-usb cable with a wall charger adapter, a headset, and a user manual.I love the phone. It works perfectly, and the only problems I've had were due to the apps I downloaded rather than the actual device, easily resolved with a single reboot. It comes with a less-than-appealing themed launcher (I personally didn't like it), but it takes just a few clicks to turn it back to the regular Android 4.0 theme.The technical specs says it has 4 gb but about half is taken up by stock apps and necessary data; you're left with about two gb wich should be plenty and you could always add an sd card (I did, works great).Mine is on T-mobile and call quality is clear, even in speaker (general sound quality with this phone is good as well). Though it doesn't say I get 3G, browsing doesn't lag or not by very much if any.Even though its an off-brand, I've had no problems accessing the Play Store or sending apps to my phone from the play store on my computer.Overall, I think its a great buy and I would definitely recommend it to anyone who wants a new phone without having to renew a contract, or for those with "pay as you go" . New Androids with 4.0+ can be very expensive and the BLu Dash 4.0 is relatively cheap and works just as well as one of the bigger name brands.

I like the phone.  It looks good, it feels good, it boots fast, the screen's very nice.Unfortunately the one I got seems to have arrived with a short in the screen and is unusable.  SO it's off to see the wizards and when the refund comes through, I'll order another.If at first you don't succeed.... don't jump off the bridge.

battery is not holding charge long enough.  Even though I am not talking  the battery continues to run down. Other than that I love the phone

Well you get your moneys worth! You buy a cheap smartphone and that's what you're going to get.....a cheap product. It overheats and restarts all the time. It will freeze in the middle of loading a game or web surfing. There is something wrong with the way they loaded a lot of the apps on here especially google......if you're a google fan don't get this phone I can't use hangouts or google+  can use talk to text or any of the neat features this phone advertises in the manual. Very disappointed in it.

Muy buen celular, es rapido, comodo, funcional, la camara es bastante buena, es rapido y navega muy bien en internet. llamadas, mensaje, se&ntilde;al, whatsapp y otras aplicaciones funcionan muy bien. el dual sim funciona a la perfeccion. Claro esta que no es un samsung galaxi S3, pero cumple lo que promete. Lo recomiendo para quien necesita un celular funcional, elegante pero accesible.Very good phone, it is fast, comfortable, functional, the camera is quite good, is fast and very good internet browsing. calls, message, sign, whatsapp and other applications work fine. the dual sim works perfectly. Of course this is not a samsung galaxi S3, but does what it promises. I recommend it for those who need a functional phone, smart but accessible.

this is one slick phone..nice clear bright screen,good touch application..works well with prepaid T-Mobile.. 100.00 for a year.fill your microsd crd from your computers music, video and photo files and your off and running..Camera pictures were crisp and clear..why pay 75.00 a month

blu dash 4.0 d270a unlocked is a bad phone, which does not meet the minimum specifications to run daily, applications close on their own, the team discharges extremely fast, takes to load, so e already used for 3 months and the team serves, the ex extremely bad camera, nothing in this phone works, was a gift for my girlfriend and she complains every day of the slowness of the device hangs every time. All in all I would not recommend

This phone ROCKS as it is fun & simple to use.  It has all of the popular features that most people would look for in a smart phone.

Is a good cellphone, but has problems in quality call. is a little bit slow, and sometimes the applications are stopped and closed.

What I was looking for in a phone was as new of an operating system as I could get and 1GHz processor for less than $200. That's what this phone offered for $118. I have used it for a month and it works better than I expected. I've dropped it once already on a tile floor and the back popped off but that was all that happened. I don't think it will hold up to being dropped once a day, but it was nice to get this acid test out of the way!Build quality is average. Camera is below average. Screen is average to above. Speed is a little better than I expected and OS integration is better than I expected. Information from BLU and owner's manual is pretty useless, but it also doesn't pretend to be a phone that is going to be all things to all people. It is what it is. Which, for $120, is a very good value if you aren't hard on a phone.

As others have noted, this company has no customer service. I bought the Blu Dash 4.0 and received it within a week with free shipping. After charging it up I loaded my T-Mobile sim card and a 32GB micro sd card. Both worked like a charm and I thought I got one helluva deal.Then, I noticed at the top of the screen (next to the battery-level icon) a green square with a black exclamation point in the middle of it. It seemed like some kind of warning/alert but I could not find out what it represented. I went through the user's manual that it came with, as well as downloading a completely different user's guide for the exact same product from the bluproducts.com website, and there was no explanation for the green exclamation icon.So, I emailed the customer service address listed at bluproducts.com and received this prompt reply within 24 hours -"Good Afternoon,Thank you for contacting BLU Products. It is our pleasure to serve you.It has been brought to our attention that you are having functional problems with a mobile device you purchased from one of our customers. CT Miami is a wholesale distributor and as such, the warranty policies are strictly written for phone distributors only and not end users.We appreciate your understanding and cooperation. For warranty claims of your BLU product mobile device, please contact the distributor Amazon where you made your purchase.Thank you again for contacting CT Miami RMA Department.Best regards,Service BLU Products"What the hell does that mean? I've heard corporate doublespeak before but that is insane. They said, "Thank you again for contacting CT Miami RMA Department"? I didn't email CT Miami, I emailed service@bluproducts.com. Apparently, CT Miami is the US distributor for Blu Products and runs the "official" Blu Products website. Weird.All I wanted was a simple explanation for what seemed to be an obvious question. I've owned 3 other Android phones and never recall seeing that bizzare, green icon before.Next, I loaded/updated apps like gmail, Chrome, Opera and Winamp and all seemed to work fine for about a day. Then the phone started acting up, freezing within a few minutes after opening any app. I uninstalled everything and tried, one by one, to see if the problem might be one of the 5 or 6 apps I had downloaded up to that point. Didn't matter, the problem didn't go away.I then did a complete factory reset. I only had the phone for 2 days so there wasn't much info or custom preferences to lose.The problems remained and accelerated. The apps suddenly went from freezing within minutes to just seconds.Bottom line, these guys are sketchy and offer nothing in the way of customer service. The phone is already boxed up and going to UPS in the morning. Next time, I'll be more careful about purchasing anything from a company I've never heard of before.Update - 4/29/13After reading a later review posted here criticizing people who gave this product a one star rating, I wanted to emphasize that I was being critical of the company's complete lack of customer service. I did return the phone and promptly received my refund from Amazon.Yes, the phone was defective and I could have exchanged it for another, however, why would I (or anyone for that matter) want to do business with a company that doesn't back up its product? If BLU Products/CT Miami/Whatever can't even answer a simple, technical question and then tell me to contact Amazon about "warranty issues", what does that say about this company?Update - 5/7/13Just received my Samsung Focus I917 unlocked Windows 7 phone for $100 from Amazon. If you're considering the BLU Dash I cannot recommend this phone enough as an alternative. There are a few negatives compared to an Android phone but for a hundred bucks I can live with that. At least Samsung backs up their wares.

As I was looking for a phone, I had certain criteria, it needed to be Android based, have a screen less than 5 inches and be less than $150. This phone is all 3!! It fits perfectly in my purse, and I have found its features to be very impressive given its price.On the downside however, there are no skins or covers available for the phone, which does kind of suck. Also, batter life is fairly poor especially if you put on a wallpaper. To overcome this, I have used a black wallpaper and this has significantly improved the batter life even if I am using wifi and some applications like whatsapp.In all, its a great little phone for a really good price, they just need to make some accessories for it.

i bought this cellphones hoping they wolud be great replacement form my parents old ones, but they started failing since the first day.now the cellphone from my father won't even turn on and my mothers is slower than a snail. i woldn't buy this model again, and for other models, i would have to check tem first to see if i like them, and if they are well built, not only on carcass, but on hardware and software

I bought this phone, wanting to use it on Straight Talk (Walmart) and it is a good buy. It has all the features I need at a great -- almost unbeatable-- price for an unlocked phone. The only thing I don't like about it is the default UI. I like the default Android 4.0 icons. It has good call quality and the feel of the phone is solid and clear. It feels great in my hand and the screen is bright and crisp. I would recommend this phone to a seasoned Android user who doesn't want to shell out more than $200 for an unlocked phone.

This phone is great. I went to Ecuador for couple of weeks and the cell phone work very well over there. I bought couple of SIM cards from two local carries and I had no problems making phone calls and sending text messages. I was able to connect to my sister's WiFi. Browsing trough the Internet was very fast. I had to update some apps (Whatsup, etc). I couldn't update the app "Talk" (now Hangouts) for some reason. The cell takes decent pictures but not like my Samsung Galaxy. People over there have Iphones and Galaxies but they were very impressed with the quality and low price of this phone. I gave it away and I'm planing to buy couple of more for Christmas. If you planning to go out of the country and need an unlock phone, take a look at these Blu cell phones, you'll be happy.

I purchased this phone in hopes to replace the smart phone I purchased while in the Philippines (Cherry Mobile Flare).  The Blu Dash 4.0 D270a doesn't quite stand up to the performance of the Cherry Mobile Flare, but since the Flare doesn't work in the United States, it is a pretty close replacement.  Overall I'm pretty pleased with it so far.  But like anything there are positives as well as negatives with anything.  Some of the specs provided on Amazon and Blu's website ([...]) are a little off.  Not anything major but I will run down those and the minor negative points of the phone in this review.[website & amazon specs]:4GB with 512MB RAM; Dual Core 1GHz Cortex-A5; 5MP camera (main)/ 0.3MP camera (front); 4 inch screen / 480x800 pixels; Android 4 operating system; Dual Sim Card GSM 850/ 900/ 1800/ 1900 Mhz/ UMTS 850/ 1900 Mhz; 3G HSDPA (AT&T; only)/GPRS/EDGE/Wifi; Wifi hotspot capable; A-GPS support; SMS/MMS messaging; micro sd card support up to 32GBThe only thing I found to be a little off, was the main storage size of the phone.  The phone reads in settings, and also in other apps I have downloaded, that the total size of the hard drive is 2GB not 4GB.  That's a nice chunk of space for the phone, but I still put a 32GB micro sd card in it for more storage.  The 512MB of RAM is not that impressive, but it handles most of everything I need my phone for.  If you are the type of person that likes to download a lot of games, maybe it won't be enough for you.  The Android version is 4.0.4 Ice Cream Sandwich.I currently use AT&T;'s Go Phone service and the phone had no problem identifying the network.  I wasn't sure if I would have to manually enter the APN settings, but the phone picks it all up automatically.  I've had another unlocked phone with Unnecto, and I had to enter all that info in manually which took some time to research.  I use the second SIM slot for my Philippine SMART sim card.  It reads it just fine, and is set to roaming (which uses the AT&T; network).  The good thing is that this phone will also work when you travel abroad.  I have not used T-Mobile with this phone, but according to what I've read, the 2G connection will work, but the 3G will only work with AT&T.;  The fact that the phone also has the ability to be a mobile hotspot is also a plus.One annoyance that I've found with the firmware of this phone is setting up certain contact info and ringtones.  For some reason the phone would reset certain contact settings I had made to default.  The problem has seemed to stop, but it was irritating at first.  Trying to set custom ringtones for contacts is also an annoyance.  Unlike the Cherry Mobile Flare I own, Blu Dash 4.0 doesn't give you a menu in the sound settings to choose from your custom MP3's.  You have to open them in the audio player, and then set them as your main ringtone for sim 1 or sim 2.  I have yet to find a way to set your custom ringtones for individual contacts.  When you go to set the individual ringtone for the contact, the regular ring tone menu pops up, and is all that you can choose from.Another downside to this phone, is that I haven't been able to find much as far as accessories go.  I contacted BLU through their website, and they referred me to an online dealer that had some BLU accessories, but nothing for the Dash 4.0.  It would be nice to have a skin or case to protect the phone, but they just don't have one out that I know of.  Universal screen protectors are easy to find, so you can trim them to custom fit the phone no problem.  I've also tried a few different headset/mics in this phone, and only the one that came with it seems to work properly.  The others will work as a headset, but the mics won't work for some reason.  I have not tried to use this phone with a blutooth headset, but the phone is blutooth capable.Battery life is not the greatest.  If you are using the phone pretty regularly to surf the web, or download apps it drains the battery faster.  Certain apps can also eat the battery pretty quickly, so I've found that disabling them when not in use is the best way to avoid killing your battery.  When using the phone moderately, the battery has lasted through out the day, but usually by night, you will need to plug it up.Overall, I would say that if your looking for a dual sim smart phone that won't break the bank, the BLU Dash 4.0 D270a is a pretty good choice.  Blu also offers other smart phones with better specs, but they are quite a bit more expensive.  $130.00 was more than what I paid for my Cherry Mobile Flare, but I don't think that you will find anything in the United States this cheap without having a contract phone.  Unlocked phones are nice, and offer you the freedom of choice with your service.Hopefully this review is helpful to anyone considering purchasing an unlocked smart phone.Update 4/6/2013 :Check the comments to see how to resolve the ringtone issue.I have also encountered a slight problem with sending MMS messages.  When I attempt to send them I get an error.  Looking at the APN settings, everything is as it should be, so I'm not sure why it's not working.  I've sent photos through different apps with no problem, but attaching them to a MMS, I always get this error.  Maybe it's an issue with AT&T;, but I will update if the problem is resolved.Update 4/7/2013 :MMS error resolved.  I had to download a messaging app from the google play store, but it seems to have fixed the problem.  I am finding out that the built in functions for this phone are not the best.  But fortunately you can download free apps to solve the issues you might run into.  I downloaded Handcent SMS and now I can send my MMS messages without recieving an error.

I've been using this phone for over two weeks. It replaced my Palm, which I've had for over two years.Pros:-Size ( at least for me); it wasn't bulking but it wasn't so small that I'd lose it in my bag. I had no trouble with the virtual keyboard.-Dual sim cards, although I only used one, but I can see this being an advantage.-Android 4.0-Alarm clock is loud and annoying, as it should be to wake you (this is a personal requirement c: )-Battery life; I've had no problems so far.Cons:-Apps always crashes (any app)-Actually CALLING is rather difficult. You have to go to a lot more screens or 'steps' to call someone.-For some reason, synching the music is just impossible.-Can't send or receive picture texts. I know other buyers also had this problem and fixed it using an app but my issue still persists.-The wallpaper always disappears, even if it's the default one that shows the date and time. It will just "crash" and become a black background.Conclusion, this phone was a huge disappointment for me since I (thought) I did a lot of research before settling for this phone. It really bums me out to have wasted my money on it, but I'm stuck with it for now.

Pros:Price, Android 4 Ice Cream Sandwich, front facing camera, dual sim (full size).  Large bright screen.Cons:Built in GUI is weird and clunky. Returned item for refund after freezing several times.Hard to find cases for as well.Would not recommend.

The product is very good I would highly recomend it, but I cant get to connect to internet on any carrier in Argentina. After that I bought a BLU Life Play, and this one not only conects but Works fantastic, So I am very happy with BLU products at the end of the day

good apps clear sceen love it * * * * * * *  * * * * * **! !

First the positive points of this phone.  The screen was very clear, and the camera was very good.  The performance was much better than a Samsung unit that I used to have. The memory and storage is very generous and sufficient for most users. There are a few items of bloatware on this device, but unfortunately everyone seems to include their own on the phone.  The user interface is not the usual android, although once you get used to it, it does everything that other interfaces do.Now to the negative points. The phone would not recognize 32GB cards, not even 16GB cards.  It would only accept 8GB cards.  The card enclosure was very flimsy, and that might have been the problem, although I am not sure. The phone deleted a few of my applications after I rebooted the system.  I guess that was the last straw.  I sent it back.  The positives of this phone are much better than other phones of the $120 range, and I am hoping that I got a rare dud. I could be tempted to go back and try another unit of this phone again, hoping that the other unit will not have the negatives of this one.Update for the second unitThis device has good telephone, camera, and display. The general performance of the computer part of this unit is very good - for things such as GPS, WIFI, mp3, download speed, and battery life.  Unfortunately, there are a few rough edges on this phone. The phone does not accept some memory cards (five out of the six that I tried) .  The camera settings are a bit primitive.  The autocorrect feature of the email text is very primitive.  These defects are annoying but tolerable.  I tried calling the customer service on these issues.  The one time that I was able to get through, the representative could not offer any helpful suggestions except to send the unit back.  All other times, the line was busy.All told, this is a middle-of-the-line unit, and it is priced very reasonably - less than half of the known brands with the same specifications.  In all fairness, even the known brands have their own flaws and rough edges.  I am changing my original rating of two stars to four stars.

I bought it for my daughter and she loves it.  It is very like the s3 mini but 3 times less in cost

This 4 star rating is heavily dependent on the price I paid for the phone.  I found it for $95 including shipping 60 days ago.  I read some of the reviews from mid 2013 and back and they do not completely reflect the experience I had so you might want to sort the comments by date to make sure you have current information.  I am not a techie but I am not a novice with phones or computers.I've had the phone for 60 days.  I found the packaging adequate with no frills.  The phone came with a rubber case and a screen protector. I can't comment on the customer service aspect because I had no complaints but isn't that why we buy from Amazon anyway?Positives: I have had no trouble with basic phone/texting functions and the voice quality is good. I do not use the phone during the 9-5 workday but it stays on in my pocket.  I use it moderately at night including data streaming, MP3 player, lite games and calls/texts.  The battery lasts 48 hours with that usage. I have no problems with apps like espn SC, the local newspaper app, you-mail visual voicemail and again, lite games such as text twist etc; I like the front facing camera.Negatives: The rubber case covers up the buttons and makes it very hard to turn the screen on and off or turn the volume up and down.  I have shopped around a bit online and haven't found a better alternative.  The on/off and volume buttons are directly opposite each other on the sides and sometimes you end up moving the volume when you are trying to turn off the screen (especially with the case on). If you are not fairly tech savvy you will have difficulty setting the phone up. The comment that runs throughout these reviews is true - the manual is pretty useless and don't expect to find anything online to help.  I figured it out without trying to call the company. Do not buy this phone if you require top of the line internet speed. Probably the biggest negative I have found is that the camcorder function is nearly worthless. The videos are blurred and choppy.Overall - I shopped for quite a while and found nothing to compete with this at an under $100 price range.  Obviously the 4 star rating means that all of the negatives I list are not deal breakers for me.  Just don't think you are getting &#34;gold for silver prices.&#34;

I've had this phone for a couple of weeks now, so I think I have a good idea of its pluses and minuses.PLUSES- Very  inexpensive:  This is the cheapest Android 4.0 phone I could find that has a relatively high screen resolution (800x480).  I also have an iPad Mini that I plan on using more than my Android phone, including for messaging, web browsing, and various apps, so I just wanted the cheapest Android phone with the features I mentioned to make calls, text SMS/MMS, and use apps when my iPad isn't readily available.  This phone fits the bill perfectly.- Android 4.0:  Having the almost latest version of Android is really useful as 4.0 has many features that older versions don't.  I personally have no problems accessing the Google Play store, so I'm not sure why others have reported problems.  I've been able to download every app I tried.  Being a newbie to the world of Android, I find several things about Android to be superior to iOS, including navigation, notification panel, and widgets.  But overall, I prefer iOS and will do most of my computing on my iPad (plus, I just find it to be more comfortable to work on an 8 inch screen).- Screen:  The screen is very bright and detailed.  Its pixel density is higher than my iPad mini, so it looks more 'retina display' than the Mini.  I've read that low screen resolution prevents you from running many apps, but no such problems here with the higher resolution.  The screen seems very responsive to touch (but sometimes not, which I'll explain below).  It also comes with a screen protector, which I plan on keeping on since this phone does not have Gorilla Glass.- Use as a phone:  I get great signal on T-Mobile, better than with my last phone.  I hear the other person clearly through the earpiece, headphone, and speakerphone, and the other person hears me clearly.- Appearance/feel:  The phone looks and feels great.  It's not as polished looking as a iPhone or Galaxy S4, but it looks like a legitimate phone with tapered edges and a little bit of shine and chrome.  The back of the phone feels plush for plastic, so it feels good in your hand.- SD card, dual SIM, removable battery:  Being used to not being able to expand the memory on the iPad, it is a nice change to be able to expand memory with microSD card.  I put in 32gigs, and it works great.  I plan on using the phone as my music/video consumption device.  I only use one SIM, but it's nice to have the option of a second SIM.  Battery life isn't great (more later), but it's nice to be able to replace the battery.MINUSES- Screen:  While the screen is bright and detailed, the viewing angles are pretty poor.  You need to hold it within a range of about 30 degrees vertically and horizontally to be able to see the screen clearly.  I'm used to my iPad Mini screen that has huge viewing angles.  Also, it's hard to describe, but the colors and pixels on my Mini seem much more smooth than on this phone and are generally easier on the eyes, especially for lengthy viewing.- Speed:  The phone is definitely much slower and less responsive than what I'm used to on the Mini.  You need to give some apps a few seconds after opening before it will respond to touches.  There are pauses when opening websites and taking pictures.  On the whole, the slower speed does not stop me from using the phone, but I've gotten used to waiting more than I have with the Mini.- Crashes:  Apps on the phone seem to crash a decent amount, some apps more than others.  I don't know if that's an Android thing or is specific to this phone.  I've had to restart the phone a few times the past two weeks.  I don't mind the occasional crashes, as they are not too frequent, but it makes me wonder whether more expensive Android phones like Galaxy S4 also crash more than my iPad.- Battery life:  Battery life is pretty poor.  I can only get maybe 3-4 hours of active use on the phone.  Since I use my iPad most of the time, that's not such a problem for me, but it would be a huge problem if this phone was my primary device for the Internet, apps, and messaging.  I end up charging every night, and I limit use of the phone to calls, SMS/MMS messaging, and occasional use of the other features.- Headphone:  A headphone is included, but plan on getting a decent set of headphones if you plan on using them.  The ones they supply are suitable only for people who are completely tone-deaf.OVERALLDespite my many complaints, I give the phone 4 out of 5 stars because you can only expect so much on a phone that costs $120.  For the price, it is a great value, offering a usable experience on the most popular operating system.  This phone has given me access to the almost latest world of Android, while allowing me to save tons of money on the phone and on my cell phone plan.  It works great for me because I have my iPad Mini as my primary mobile device, but I would probably be less happy with the phone if it was my only mobile device given the short battery life and screen issues.  On the whole, I recommend this phone because it gives you much more than its low price should suggest.

It did not meet my expectation, the user's manual does not give enough details, it did not equip with international use because I could not find the options for Chinese language/characters.

I bought this phone because I carry two iPhones - one personal and one for work - and I'm tired of lugging around two anchors versus one. The dual SIM capability and the reviews on Amazon were sellers for me, even though there were a few negative reviews. The phone arrived quickly and setting up the dual SIM service was pretty easy (both iPhones are AT&T;), but thats the sum of all the positive comments I have. The phone regularly (3-5 times per day) powers down for no reason, even with a fully charged battery - even in the middle of typing a text or in the middle of phone calls.I tried tech support and that was even more frustrating. The first three people couldn't understand what I was saying, I could barely understand them and then they hung up on me. Arghhhh!!!!There is NO spell checker app - and the phone doesn't recognize words used regularly and then automatically correct misspellings, and the text keyboard is horrible - you have to touch the screen  well above the letter you want (i.e - to type an "n" you have to touch the "h" or sometimes the "t" - and sometimes it wont recognize letters that are on the edge of the QWERTY keyboard. I have lesser complaints such as the phone losing voice mails (gotta be service, I know) and misspelled words in error messages (like "sorroy" versus "sorry") that just overall make the phone feel cheap and frustrating. My advice: GET A PHONE FROM ANYONE ELSE!!!I would, and have repeatedly recommended to my peers and coworkers trying to resolve the same two-phone conundrum to NEVER buy a Blu product. I'm back to 2 iPhones and forwarding everything to one. Its a pain in the neck.

It's a wonderful phone for the price. Very good overall performance, good display and phone interface (easy for making and receiving calls). Enough space for apps, at least the essencial ones. Couldn't install Google Play Services (I haven't rooted it) and some aplications, like Google Keep, don't work properly.After a few months of use, I really changed my mind about this phone, because it gets so slow and so frequently it's impossible to use it without reboots.

Overall, this is one of the cheapest made phones I have ever had. The look and feel is not what I am used to for an Android phone. I have had all prepaid Android phones, but would not buy this brand again.

after purchasing this cell in month of April2013, hardly 2 months and the screen is already dead ... nothign displays on sceen .

Google does not allow apps to use the maps, displaying a message that says &#34;Unfortunately the apps stop running.&#34;, and the site of Blu don't have support online.

This phone is perfect for anyone who lives in the US, and travels to Mexico, like me. The cheapest android phone, worth every single penny.

I agree with the price paid and quality received, comes unlocked, Android 4.0, good quality display, good battery life, overall very happy with this dev

First of all, this phone is a very good value at about $120. You have a recent version of the Android OS, a wide range of Android applications can be installed, and the screen is responsive without lag.Here are the two shortcomings I noticed, which, if important to you, might be deal-breakers, even at this low price:Poor camera---The captured video is of very poor quality when using any decent settings (i.e. H264 at 720p, or even MPEG4 at 480p). Very blocky, low frame rate; it's as if the processor can't keep up with the data input (Yes, I did try recording direct to internal memory so as to rule out slow SD card: no better). Still pictures are OK, but tend to be rather dark and missing detail at 5 MP AUTO settings. So, you wouldn't buy this phone for more than very casual use as a still camera, and probably only for send-by-message-or-email video. I was also unable to get the flash to work with any camera setting, even under low light.Wifi might be on the weak side---When compared with many other devices, the indicated strength of the wifi connection was low. I did not suffer drop-outs, as far as I could tell (although when listening to streaming data, the buffer may have covered the problem). Often the web browser would seem to pause during display of web pages, so I have a suspicion that a wifi dropout might have been the culprit.If you don't really care about the quality of the camera, and you don't notice any problems with wifi, then this phone is a pretty amazing deal.

The flash on this blu dash 4.0 is very bad,it would never make a picture look good when taken in the dark.I would never make a switch from blackberry.

ordered 03/25/13 should have in a day or two. looking for a cover or case, can't find one. will update when I receive my new cellphone,Have read some good and bad revues for phone have to check it out for myself.UPDATE:04/02/2013Phone arrived late not happy. Over all decent phone for what I paid for it. MY concern is the colors that the apps are and the screen can be sluggish ate times but it's a decent phone. READ MY REVIEWS and I don't see the many problems that others have had. All apps that I loaded all ran without a problem, and there is a USB driver usable on the phone. Didn't have a problem with the sticker on the screen saver it came off with in a minute of time. I haven't had the phone freeze-up but it does feel lite thought it would be heavier.FOR a Hundred & Twenty Dollars this is THE BEST PHONE YOU CAN BUY.EITHER YOU LIKE IT OR YOU DON'T JUST TRUST YOU JUGDEMENT ON YOUR MONEY THAT YOU SPEND.

i bought this amartphone to replace my samsung galaxy precedent i was using on straight talk i have been using it for around 3 weeks now and i have zero complaints  here is a more detailed list of specs and whats in the box cause if your like me you want to know those things.-Includes BLU D270A handset, lithium-ion battery, back-door, charger, user's guide-Compatible with GSM 850/900/1800/1900MHz, HSDPA 850/1900/2100MHz networks-Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich OS upgradable to v4.1 (Jelly Bean)-1GHz Cortex-A5 dual-core processor-Qualcomm MSM8225 Snapdragon chipset-Adreno 203 GPU-512MB RAM-4GB ROM-4" diagonal TFT capacitive multitouch display with 480x800 resolution, Swype-802.11b/g/n Wi-Fi, Wi-Fi hotspot-HTML, Adobe Flash browser-Email, push email, MMS messaging, threaded-view SMS messaging, IM-5MP rear-facing cam with LED flash, geotagging, touch focus, face detection, image stabilization, video-Front-facing cam with video-Music player: supports MP3, AAC, WMA, WAV formats-FM radio-Video player: supports DivX, XviD, H.264, MP4, WMV formats-Bluetooth 3.0-GPS with A-GPS support-SNS integration-Document viewer/editor-Image viewer/editor-Voice memo/dial/commands-microSD card slot-Micro USB 2.0 port-3.5mm jack-Measures approximately 4-7/8" x 2-1/2" x 1/2"-UL listed; 1-year limited warrantySo far  im very happy with this phone and would recommend it highly the only draw back i see is the lack of accessoriesUPDATE: after just 4 months use the phone is very laggy and the radio comes on when it wants and it dails out when im not even on it i have factory reset the device several times but these issues keep coming up i dont know if its just this phone or the whole blu dash line but i would aviod this phone and 512mb ram just cant keep up

No customer service from Blu is a major drag. The GPS on the phone does not work. The headphones arrived broken. The phone will not take a micro SD card and the camera won't work without it. Yes, it looks like a good deal on paper, but sometimes it is expensive to be cheap. Lesson leaned. Try another phone.

All Ok

Ppl send photos via text msg and this phone won't open them.  I have read reviews and cannot find a solution to the problem.  When I attached a picture to a text msg., it never sent and timed out-also was terribly slow.  Attachments are poor, poor poor!

Please send me a brand new phone and exactly as described. I have just placed a new order from you. Funds towards the old/used one have been refunded. The old used phone you sent earlier should be in mail tomorrow morning Mon 01.27.2014. Internet usage, text messaging and phone call history going back to early 2013.....and dent by charger outlet indicate that phone is used.

Hello everyone CNN and CNBC did EXPO on this sort of stuff and even Amazon is on thisbe very careful people paying for positive reviews is accelerating out of control and if you think amazon is above thisyou maybe right but the sellers are not a  review from LIZ or PAT could be as reliable as the invisible man or Thomas the tank engine or Fireman Sam or Bill and Ben reviews are unreliable

A couple of reasons I bought this phone, price and made in the good of USA. I am new to smart phones so I don't know what to except.The only thing is in my home I don't get good reception, but I had the same problem with my old phone, that is why I gave it four stars. Yes I would tell anyone to buy this phone.

I bought three of these (my/wife/daughter). We've had them for less than four months and two already have broken screens. They weren't dropped. One broke while in a purse and one while in bag. I would not buy again.

It is a piece of art! They have to buy it, this excellent. well who is going to deny that it has excellent price ...

I had high hopes for this phone - but it died after only 2 hours of operation.  I sent it back for a refund...Steer clear of BLU cellphones!!!

I bought 2 for my wife and I. The phone is bad, is always frozen, slow, any application I run it always crash. not recommendable.

Excellent phone, has an appropriate size, good time battery life, you can download thousands of applications from the Play Store, would recommend 100%

light flash is orrible its no possible take a picture at night.about system and the phone is super, but I don't why company make phone goods but the light flash it no work and why saler buy these kind of phones for selling.

1. All the features I need2. Good price.3. Light weight4. Good feel in the hand.5. Reasonably fast and smooth performance

It doesn't run the latest version of android, but it runs a fairly recent version of android which is android 4.0. What this means is that it doesn't have the optimizations of Project Butter and Google Now.The lack of the project butter optimization means that it's noticeably slower frame rate wise compared to phones running later versions of android like 4.1 as project butter pegs the frame rate up to a smooth 60 frames per second. It's still very usable but you'll see that it renders frames slower if you place any phone running versions of android before version 4.1 next to a phone running versions after version 4.1.The lack of Google Now just means that you don't get the cool search features of the newer phones.Feel wise the phone isn't that much to write about and is just usable along with the camera and screen. Durability wise it all depends on how you treat devices as I gave the phone to my sister which the day after I got the phone dropped it outside on concrete and had a noticeable scuff  on the top and recently dropped the phone on the hardwood floor cracking the screen. Which led me to believe that the phone doesn't stand up to the durability of Corning Gorilla Glass found in other phones.The price, being unlocked and decent durability makes it a great entry level smart phone for children, if you want to teach them the responsibility of having a smartphone without breaking the bank.

I got this for my mom and sent it to the Philippines. So far my mom used this for Skype, games, texting, photos and calls.  She loves it.  Check out my video review here [...]

The BLU dash meet my expectations. I comfortably use both Sims at once and it is user friendly and I love  all the features.

I read the reviews and bought the phone anyways. It was a mistake. I had the phone 36 hrs before I returned it.  I had about 3 - top 5 apps from the play store and it was already SLOW. Went to bed and woke up the next day, the phone had crashed over night. Google play services was gone ( this is an absolutely nesacary application needed to update google base apps such as maps and gmail), I tried to reload it in the play store on the phone and also from the play store on a computer through USB, it did not work. Now as I stated in the title I generally do pretty well at tech stuff so I can confidently say this phone was a piece of crap - do not buy it.

Just the Smartphone that I need.  Just Price, nice screen and acceptable battery life.  If only exist an TPU cover to this model...

This phone is perfect for PlatinumTel, the cheapest pay as you go service (Rides on TMobile carrier). I picked up a PTEL sim card on EBay for $0.99, slipped it in and it works with no issues. Voice is $0.05 per minute, texts are $0.02, and data is $0.10. Data is spendy if you are streaming video, but otherwise this is the cheapest way to go for a full featured phone. And this phone is Fast! The dual processors make easy work of HD movies I loaded on the SD card (I can scan back and forth to find my place with no lag). I have never seen a phone as responsive.  Battery life has been excellent, swipe works great for text entries even with my fat fingers, but I use Google voice to write most of my texts. The multi-touch capacitive screen is responsive. Only caveat, no dedicated accessories yet. I had to cut down a generic screen protector, and there are no custom fit cases out there, just generic sleeves. Still, at this price for an unlocked phone (that can go international), and no commitments, this is a no brainer.
