
the screen gets damaged very easily. If you can aford it, buy a phone that cost a little more. the processor is too slow for the operating system.

4/5 stars all positives except resolution quality. The phone is fantastic otherwise. Highly recommend for those that don't want to spend your life savings to get a better resolution and style! haha. Great purchase.

excellent productI likedand recommend it to those who needexcellenti liked recomementvery very very very good

Good phone looks good compact HOWEVER this phone is outdated.  Does NOT work on ATT, well calls only no internet no mms no data network.

I bought this to replace my Samsung Galaxy Y, which is not a bad phone but I kept running out of space on the actual phone. Even putting a 32gb sd card didn't help. It only has 128mb on the phone. Also the old phone had such a small screen that some things got cut off. Enough about my old phone. This new phone, this Sony phone, is great. Although does have some minor things that might get on my nerves. The main issue is that when you send texts and I automatically get a reply about message being relayed. Which was not an issue on the old phone but when doing a google on it. I found some black berries also having that issue with the same phone service that I have. it sounds like that is not something you can change at least nothing I can find says how to change that. I don't mind it being relayed I just don't want to be notified. Another issue is email notifications do not always work. I mean email works it just does not always seem to notify you. The gmail notifications do work. I did a google on that one as well and actually found some one talking about sony xperia but not this one, an older one. I am not sure which one he was talking about but he had this same issue and could not find a fix for it. He also suggested getting the Samsung Galaxy S3. I would get one of those but they are a lot more money then this phone.Any way I do like this phone even with the minor issues listed above. Oh wait I just remembered another issue that is not a major one either. This new phone does not work with my FM transmitter. I have no idea why either as it uses a standard head phone jack to connect to the phone. Any way again I do like the phone and I like that things are not cut off and I am not longer running out of room on the phone.Update to this review. I now give it 3 stars instead of 4. Main reason. Some times it will lock up and you have to remove the battery as none of the buttons work to get it to come back on correctly. It is a pain to remove the battery as well. Another issue is when the phone restarts either after pulling the battery or just restarting it. The phone comes back on and starts making random sounds. This is not my rington nor does it stop after a while. The first time it did this the thing made random sounds for almost an hour. I was on the other phone so could not pull my attention to trying to get it to stop instead I just covered it until I was off the other phone. I can stop it by swiping from the top to the bottom and hitting clear even if there is nothing to clear. This stops it. I have yet to figure out what causes this or why.

Brought this phone for a friend and she's loving it. The only reason why i  did not gave it a 4 star is because i thought the screen  was bigger and I blame myself for that because i did not check the product description thoroughly.

This is rediculous. I bought this item and I called the customer service of Amazon to ask if it was unlocked (even though nothing was written on it) and she confirmed that it was. And guess what?...... it was a looked phone. I bought this phone to go back to my country with it, but now that I m here I realized that it was a locked phone (aka it does not work).Thank you amazon for waisting my money,I was furious becaause I asked to double ckeck but..... grrrrrrrrr

Call quality is poor.  The battery life is super low.  The phone is very difficult to navigate.  I would not recommend this phone.

I am very pleased with this purchase. The phone works well and has all of the features that I want.  I inserted my current  ATT sim card and away I went.  Decent resolution and good call quality. The phone looks slick also. Just the right size for my pockets. Battery life is decent for moderate users like me. I was a little disappointed that the camera does not come with a flash, but the editing software allows for lightening darker photos satisfactorily.  I didn't buy the phone for it's camera though.  Great phone with nice features.

Bought this in black from Amazon 30 days ago for $126 and it is my first android; it's stylish, easy to use and works great for my purposes...mainly phone, texting and web. I have texted1100 messages and a handful of times it has frozen, but, easily "re-booted"...and, frankly, it has only happened when signal strength was poor. It compares to wife's 3GS and 4. There isn't another phone under $175 with US warranty that is better and at $126, it is 5 stars.

magnifico

I Like a lot my new cellphone, just have a complain with no flash camera. Works well and have all the Androids applications

resets every time to plug in err....

Dissatisfied with phone.  Experiences period phone freeze ups. Phone lags during typing, very slow sending email or text messaging. Frustrated with unit, will try to get refund.

Good phone for the price, the only one thing that i dont like is the camera because not have flash...

So far it stays connected to my WiFi network. Especially when I make phone calls. It's the only phone I bought that does stay connected to wifi networks. Everything else disconnects.

this phone is a great phone if you dont like doing a lot of things it gets over heated really quickly

I have a problem I'm from Venezuela and to remove my packages that are liberty express here in my country I need the traking of a sony xperia

Crisp pictures, love the access to apps, clear phone calls, the size is comfortable, i even like the predictive text and i've always hated that feature on other phones.I do not like the headphones, they hurt my ears and allow too much background noise in, so the the volume available does not compensate for that factor.I got better sound quality from my much older sony ericcson

Great Android phone for its price. Pretty fast only had a couple times where the phone would ring and it would take a moment for it to show up on the screen so I could actually answer. You'll need a micro SD card for sure, I downloaded about 6 additional apps before it ran out of space and I couldn't even download some the updates because of the lack of space. Other than that its a great phone I would recommend it as a decent, cheap fully functional alternative to the more expensive smart phones.

This Phone Works In Venezuela with Digitel this it is small very lightweight is comfortable at this price is a great choice for customer that seeking functionality and performance I'm very please with my purchase Thank Amazon.

Junk

This phone is ok. I was hoping for more, as it is not comparable to the iPhone. I t dont have as many features.

I love my SONY. I have sony pretty much everything for my consumer electronics, and though this is not as sexy as my Xperia SL, it is plenty to be satisfied with where it's priced at. Deduct a star for the tiny screen & the bit outdated android & 3G. Otherwise, love it. :D

This phone is not the best I have seen but when you consider the price it is the best Android phone compatible with AT&T; 3G network and unlocked.  Many cheap GSM phones do not support the frequencies used by AT$T.It is elegant looking with nice feel to it. Call quality (even in poor service areas) is excellent.  Good speaker, OK screen, OK camera, great battery life.  Not the fastest but I suspect it is more than enough for the average user.  I tested data speed while tethering this phone to a PC and it clocks at 3.6mbs. That is almost the same as my Samsung 4G that cost 4 times more.  The Bluetooth works much better than other phones I have had with great sound through my car stereo.  I have been using it for a while now streaming internet radio while driving and that also works really well. Just buy it, you will love it if you don't expect it to work like a $400 phone.

You will get a device with android 4.1, that's okay. But with awful display and no flash perphaps it will be smart find other phone.

Phone is ok (as expected for the price) but I have not been able to use any of my headphones with it.You connect the headphones and the speaker of the phone keeps on playing: it does not detect the headphones (I have read been plenty of complaints about this on the internet).I would not recommend this phone if you intend to use it as a music player.

the sony Xperia is a practical and modern phone. i like it because have a perfect size and wide. i recomended it

One of the things I like about this cellphone is price/quality ration. It offers many good features for a relatively low price. On the other hand, I like the sophisticated appearance of this device, it is sober and simple but shows a nice style at the same time. It does not have a great storage capacity (2 GB) but you are able to increase the memory with a Micro sim memory, which is not really expensive. For, me it is fast enough, altough it may not be fast enough for people that like to have many applications ON at the same time, if you only need about 4 &#34;big&#34; applications on, like facebook, twitter, wassapp and gmail, it would work well.

Phone not working properly very disappointed and dejected Also have many problems with the phone not behaving as a standard sony product

Good phone and simple to use and it doesn't cost that much. I love the design.  I enjoy it every day

Great smart phone for the price small and cute just ba neat little phone,hate that it do not have a front camra but still a good phone

First off: it's cheap, unlocked, and runs something newer than Android 2.3. (4.1 to be exact) However, it's slow, text doesn't look sharp at all, and you don't want to use it for much. The camera is nearly worthless. It's OK if you have some patience and need something basic and unlocked, but I suggest spending the extra for a Moto G instead. I've occasionally had to pull the battery upon it freezing or going berserk, though that's not very often. (Note: on at least one of them, I need a flathead screwdriver to pull the battery if I want to avoid ruining my finger nails. This isn't the case with other phones I've dealt with.)Now for the problem. My family bought two of these, one a few weeks after the other. One of them has been working fine, used for checking email, making calls, and texting. The other developed a bad spot on the touchscreen ~6 months in - like a big long spot near the right side of the onscreen keyboard. You can't type certain letters because of it, and it happens that you need to swipe through that spot to accept a call. (If I do it just right, it'll skip through that part and unlock.) So, I contacted Sony about the warranty. First, they told me to run their software to fix it and wipe the software. (Yeah, like that'll work.) That didn't fix it, no surprises there. (Plus, the software doesn't run on OS X 10.9 and consistently threw an error on Windows 8.1 after I'd installed it and gotten through half the process - I had to use Win7.) So, I had to call them back, get an RMA, and pay to ship it to them. They sent it back a few weeks later claiming that the microUSB port had damage that was customer abuse, and that they hadn't tried to fix anything. (There was a small bit of missing plastic in it, and I don't know how it happened - it belongs to another family member - but all the pins were there and it still worked fine.) The USB port has absolutely nothing doing with the screen issue. The screen wasn't cracked or anything, no visible damage/abuse whatsoever.Congrats Sony, you just lost a customer and earned a negative review. Now to buy a replacement touchscreen and attempt to replace this myself, or go buy a NON-Sony phone to replace it.

i searched for specifically verizon phones and this was one of the few that were not scams. the phone seems good from the reviews but it is not a verizon phone.

I wanted to become familiar with my phone before I wrote a review. I have used it for almost a month now. I am not 100% familiar with it, but so far it is a great little phone. I wanted a simple phone with out a lot of hassle. This phone is easy to use. The light weight and shape make it comfortable to hold. The screen is smaller than some other phones. My screen  is only a little shorter than my husband's iphone 5. In all I am very satisfied with my Sony Xperia E C1504 and Xperia may be my phone of choice for future purchases!

Excellent Phone. All good on the purchase and shipping ... Recommended

The phone works (I'm stationed in Italy).  I'm able to put a european sim card in it with no problem.  It's not the best phone out there, but it works as a good smart phone.  I only have a short time left on my tour and I didn't want to spend a lot of money on great smart phone (ie. galaxy S5 or Note 3), so I wanted to get a budget smart phone for internet usage.pros:-responsive touch screen-decent speed-SD card slot available for extra memory-great speakers-has most features you find on any smart phone-checking fb, email, bank accounts, etc runs smooth.cons:-low quality camera with no focus-decent speed-not a lot of internal memory-reception is ehh inside certain facilitiesAll in all, it's a great smartphone for someone on a budget.  I've had better and worse.  So if you're looking for a temp phone for not too much money, this is it.

This is my first android phone having had a basic call and text service. The instructions received with it were very basic so I did have to go online for more info, which I found easily. I can now read my emails and check out Facebook. I play golf and the weather app. is perfect for letting me know what to expect. There was a software update to be done which was straightforward to carry out.Love this phone and would recommend it. Not the newest in the Sony range but does everything I need.The battery lasts a decent time although I do tend to have it on charge daily, just in case.

I like it but it comes with very little with operating instructions so some things are hard to figure out.

I popped my GoPhone (AT&T;) SIM with the $35 plan into this when I got it and it worked right off the bat, no issues whatsoever.  I opted to turn off data and simply use wifi for all of my internet needs. The only problem I had upon unboxing it was figuring out how to get the battery cover off, as the instructions are mostly just pictures and not very descriptive - I figured out that what you do is simply put your thumbs above the little speaker on the back and push up.If you don't ask a lot of your phone then I definitely recommend this. People who are used to more powerful, more expensive phones might be a little disappointed. But for me this phone does everything I need to and more. I previously had a phone that ran Android 2.2 and really wanted a phone that would support my credit union's app which allows me to take pictures of checks to deposit them (otherwise I have to drive 2+ hours) and this phone does that perfectly, even with the low-grade camera.I love the &#34;swiping&#34; option with the keyboard, I find it to be much easier to text that way, especially if I need to text with one hand. (No, not while driving). The one issue I have with the phone is that texting the regular way is a little bit annoying, it doesn't seem to be able to keep up with my typing speed and sometimes will give me more letters than I asked for. (&#34;Sunday&#34; would turn out to be &#34;Suunndaay&#34; or something like that), I wish it had the same Android keyboard that was on my last phone. I did download a secondary keyboard app and that seemed to make a difference.

Quick delivery it took 2days. The only problem I'm having outta the phone is not letting me get on the web. I have unlimited talk, text &web. So know I'm going to have to make a trip to the t mobile store  to see off they can help me!  I wouldn't get this phone!

Pros:* Compact size* Soft-touch plastic back is relatively non-slip* Low price point* No problems with audio quality or call connectivityCons:* Not enough storage for apps* Inadequate processing power and/or insufficient RAM (slow)* Camera is borderline useless* Low screen resolution* Sony &#34;Xperia&#34; value-add is underwhelmingThis was my first smartphone purchase and I wanted something compact, unlocked, and relatively inexpensive. I've had the Xperia E for several months now, and in retrospect I should have paid-up for more memory and processing power. This is a classic example of &#34;you get what you pay for.&#34; The phone can be infuriatingly slow to respond, even to actions as seemingly simple as unlocking the screen with a PIN. The screen resolution is too low for some apps, making them difficult to use. The camera is only good for capturing still subjects in daylight.By far the most annoying feature of this phone is its small internal flash memory. 2GB seemed like it would be enough when I was shopping, since I had no intention of loading a bunch of media on it. Little did I know that only about 750MB is allocated to so-called &#34;phone memory,&#34; which is where most apps are stored. This severely limits my ability to install much beyond than the preloaded apps on the phone. Some apps can be moved to &#34;internal storage,&#34; and I have managed to uninstall / un-update some of the preloaded apps. Nevertheless, updating large apps such as Chrome is often a tedious process of clearing caches and temporarily uninstalling other apps in order to free enough storage perform the update. I'm sure with enough time and effort I could find a solution in some Android forum. Those who expect things to &#34;just work&#34; should move on.

Great phone, low internal storage

I'd probably love this phone but the truth is it is now a pain and burden after loosing money on it. Yea, I said it. I bought this phone because I needed a smart phone I could take out in the field for work purposes. I also have to remove the camera for security reasons. Anyway, when opened the phone up I found the four main silver phillips screws stripped. Selling me a referbished phone at close to market value, good on you. Selling me one that was damaged in such a way to be useless, you suck.

Amazing phone, one of the best you can get at a low price. So far so good, it does everything I needed it to do.

Thought it would be better coming from Sony, but think it doesn't stack up to my HTC 110E Radar for a full rating, although it does have a added memory slot and the volume without headphones is louder.

good phone for the money. I got what I expected. It was only about 100$ and it does what I need it to do. Sometimes it's a bit slow, but nothing to really complain about.

Worked great for the first couple of weeks then the unlocked claim became locked and wouldn't work with Tmobile. Item was returned for refund

I was pleased with this buy. I bought this one for my sister who lives in Mexico(Telcel) and it works just fine. It was my sister first smartphone and she loved it.

It was accidental order

This phone came loaded with Boost Mobile and I have been unable to access any other network. I hoped to get a phone that could be used where ever I wanted to sign up.

I was so excited to receive my &#34;PINK&#34; phone, but once it arrived, I was upset to learn that it's red! This seller has falsely advertised the color. I know it looks pink on the computer, but trust me, when you get it, you will see it is bright red!  The phone itself is pretty modern, very sleek, latest apps.

Great phone with lots of storage! My son has downloaded games and music to it with no problems! Loves it

I purchased the Sony xperia e c1504 because I wanted  to just buy my smart phone out right. You end up spending so much less that way. I mainly use the phone for standard activities, calling, texting, web browsing, basic games. Performs well at all of these activities. The only draw back is that if you leave too many apps running in the background it will slow significantly. Not enough to bump it down though, especially for the price.

You get what you pay for this phone great for my work, to read some emails and take pics on the field.

Good phone for the price. Sturdy and good display. Will recommend to people looking for low end smart phones with features!

No complain so far. the mobile is pretty good with a good resolution. It would be better if the camera would come with flash.

This phone is slow and bogs down easily.

This phone was great for the first month. Now it freezes, lags and doesn't work properly only 5 months later.  It rings when I have it set to vibrate only, and it doesn't ring at all when I have the ringer on!  HORRIBLE phone!  It will be used as a frisbee very VERY soon!

Is an Excellente phone! It arrived in good conditions! I use with Movilnet in Venezuela. And it works very well. I recommend it!

This is a superb phone. Actually this is the best Android phone I have ever used. It is pretty well organized and the menu system is pretty easy to use. But what took my attention is the extremely smart look of the phone. The next best thing is the lighning fast responding touch screen. (Don&#8217;t let dust to slow the performance of the touchscreen. Use a quality cleaning wipes such as25 iCloth Avionics Cleaning Wipes for Flightdeck Displays, Ipad touch screen, Monitors - Aerospace Grade Dupont Sontara Wiper).

Great buy for its price .  Definitely great to move to another carrier or use in another country since it's unlocked.

My son is very happy with this great cell size and I love the model, and their functions. It goes well with the brand sony, unlocked for all three operators in my country (Venezuela), was quick sending the medley mailbox, it hurts here I'm really late for the company that I have assigned to my packages, but still I am happy for this investment

Amazing. I love my new phone! Works perfectly good, I have no regrets of my purchase. Recomended for all! :=

it's not as responsive or quick as it should be but it will do in a pinch

It is exactly what expected, Low specs nice phone.Good for a cheap nice solution and a backup phone in case you lose your main phone.

excelent cell phone

I bought this phone for use in DR and I love it! I just had to put the sim card en voil&aacute;!!

I just got it and it was easy to move over my Sim chip to the phone. The phone will take a little time to learn more about it. yet, Its much better then the phone you see all over the place.

This is the second phone I buy for my daughter gift. What I can say is that it is complete with respect to the price, which I have not flash that does not matter. The version you buy is E Xperia. sony is sony

I was looking for an unlocked android phone for my sister,this is nice, and works in my country .

Is Good but not enough cell phone, price is shipper. Android system are Good. Wifi  connection broken don't understand. Bye

I got this smart phone from Sony showroom, as I did not want any contracts from money rippers like Verizon and other companies and wanted something in my budget.Here are my thoughts on this phone:This mobile phone is the successor of Sony Xperia Tipo.Pros::3.5-inch (480 x 320 pixels) TFT capacitive touch screen display and good sensitivity. Responds well to your finger tips.1GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon MSM7227A processor. This is the latest processor from Qualcomm and designed to deliver the highest-quality mobile video, imaging and graphics experiences at Ultra HD resolution and at the same time conserve your battery. I thought the processing speed of opening the apps was pretty good.-Timescape UI-Scratch Resistant-512MB RAM ( Decent power to run all your applications)-4GB internal storage, up to 32GB expandable memory with microSD and this is amazing storage.-3.2-megapixel rear camera. Its not an amazing resolution camera, but the images were decent.-1530 mAh battery. Which is quite a decent battery-Free Headset (for limited period of time)Cons::-Resolution of the screen is not that great. On a scale of 1-10 its at 6 and Apple iphone being at 9 and HTC one phone at 10-No front camera and the existing camera of 3.2 MP will not get you amazing clarity pictures, if you are a big selfie.-No flashFor Gaming::It can play casual games like angry birds, temple run, temple run 2, subway surfer etc. without any lag. It can also play high end games like dead trigger, gta 3, etc. but it will skip few frames(means its ill be a bit laggy).Conclusion::Decent phone for a great price.

My phone worked quite well, at first. In many ways it still does. But I've had to factory reset it multiple times because it kept becoming sluggish. I finally figured out that the Android update was causing it, but I'm really not sure what to do about that except to just not update it -_-

This is my first time using android, and i'm loving it. I'm not much of a tech girl so this phone works just perfect for me. I try to close the apps so it doesn't get slow, it's fast and really cute, I love the light that syncs with the apps and the different messages and pictures. I live in Venezuela and the phone came in Spanish, latin Spanish wich is a plus, i use it with Digitel and it works well.I recommend this phone with my eyes closed, it works really good comparing it with the low price

I purchased this phone for a trip overseas. Because the phone was unlocked, I was able to get a UK sim and to my suprise, it also works in the US. I don't recommend you use in the US, but it was good to know.

fast to be a 1 core phone. simple OS. the sound its very good, with headphones and without.the camera no are good for me, take very ugly photos in dark ambients.

very good

This simple Android phone was purchased unlocked for the Straight Talk wireless carrier.  SIM card purchased separately.  Good graphics on the screen, the camera is a little outdated and the phone's RAM could be faster- but not a bad smart phone for the $100 range.  I just can't justify buying a brand new Samsung Galaxy for $800 when I'm accident prone. haha.

Sleek, easy to use, lots of features, Wifi, gmail, face book . Loved it so much just bought another one!

Is a good cellphone i buy it for my little sister and my little brother is good for start this phone doesnt have flash/frontal camera or a big camera. But is good for starting

swipe function is not that smart, no front camera, setting is confusing, touch screen not very sensitive, long lasting battery

The phone is using just phone only just now.So I could not give a good review now.The phone functions are excellent but others don't know yet.One comment is: letters on the screen are too large.  I would like have small characters with more info per page.  S.O.

Worst phone ever your better off buying a Samsung exibit for 99.80 from walmart at least its 4g not 3g like this phone is wish I wouldn't have bought the sony xperia terrible dont buy

Shipping was excellent, came on time.But, I did not get the Power adapter in the package. I had to purchase one in order to start it .

I bought the phone for my daughter and she didn't report any problem with it. I would recommend this phone to anybody who doesn't care much about built-in phone memory. The phone's built-in memory is 4GB. However, it could also handle a 32GB memory card.

It is a very nice device for the price. It is a little slow on RAM but otherwise it fits my needs.

I bought this to use as an mp3 player (mainly...maybe the odd video) so if you're looking for a phone review, sorry...Pros -Micro sd car (I put most of my music collection on a 32gb card, but can pop in another card if I have video, pictures, etc. I wish to view)Changeable battery (pick up another battery and it's great for traveling)Android (familiar for those with Android already)Sounds great (best sounding phone, being used as an mp3 player I've heard - most are too quite, but this works well)Cons-FM radio (I was really excited to have a mp3 player with a fm radio, but to use it, your cell signal must be on...huh? I can't have it on airplane mode and use the FM radio? This makes no sense...)Slow (maybe it's because I'm running my mp3s off a sd card, but sometimes it takes forever to skip, pause, stop, etc)Bloatware

It's good GSM phone for travel in Asia

Like the phone,different than my Blackberry.The instructions are not very helpful.The camera works great.Needs a little figuring out to operate

I used it for a week. had to return it. Phone kept locking up and many times the phone app will not work.

I enjoy my phone it is nice, and I can used for all my regular activities. So far so good, the only thing I would like bigger is the scream, it is a little bit small for my personal taste.

The product was in good condition. I really like it, it's a really good telephone! I'm happy with the phone.

This is a great phone, great buy. Just what I was looking for. Good reception and affordable. I recommend it

I think is it is the best dual sim available in entire world market, it is Sony a real not chinaHope that they put such as ram memory ti 1G, frt camera and flash for light future. a better FM skin, also battery lifeafter all it is a moderate great phone for people who use 2 caries.Do not hesitate purchase it

A very nice Android 4 phone. Works as expected. I had a bit of difficulties in connecting the phone to my car. I changed the car bluetooth PIN to 0000, put away other bluetooth connected phones and it connected after a few attempts.

Doesn't have internet and the last number doesn't show when dialing the numbers.so I don't recommend this unlock phone at all
