
Before a year after my purchase the phone just stopped working. Blackberry says I can only claim warranty through the retailer but the retailer refuses to do it and tell me to go BlackBerry directly. So I lost my money and have no phone anymore. Blackberry would not take responsibility and the retailer neither. I made the complaint to Amazon and hope they would do something about this retailer. Blackberry says retailers knows the rules when they sell their products and that the retailers know they have to do complaints in the name of the buyer. So I am the buyer trapped between the two of them washing hands about their responsibilities. In summary, I bought an Iphone, lost my money and will never again buy anything from Blackberry and/or from WorldWide Distributors.

It is a great phone, the specs are spot on. It says it's unlocked but I can't use my data plan on it which is really a shame (I'm a T-Mobile customer) I would give it a higher rating if the title of the item really meant what it implies :/

I gave blackberry a chance to prove it can deliver an excellent device. Instead, BB came out with a cheese cheap plastic looking device. I almost faint when I un-boxed the phone. The keyboard does not work properly, the browser freezes, the erase key gets stuck, it erases everything I would write. The keyboard is a total mess. Apps are very limited, in my opinion. I strongly will not recommend this phone.

I bought this phone for my son and he is never without it. It has great games and I think Blackberry did a good thing when they decided to come out with this phone.

I have had this phone for a couple of months.  I bought it in white and bought a white case from Amazon as well.  The case cost around $10 and was impossible to keep clean and interferred with the side letters and made the phone "sticky" so I replaced it.  I suggest you watch/read the tutorials on your phone, YouTube and Crackberry.  It is quite a bit different from other phones and takes a little while to get used to.  I love the fact that it is still a BlackBerry workhorse so great for everything BB does, and I have my personal phone as well but all in one place.  The BlackBerry travel is excellent and gets me one time to the airport and notifies me as well if there are any delays.  The What's App did not work well at first but with the new upgrade, it is working well and I also love the Skype. There are lots of Apps but I wish we could get Instagram. You will love this phone if you spend the time to teach yourself how to use it.

This is originally Verizon Phone. So It doesn't work well with other operators. Some applications cannot be downloaded. Compatibility problems with other GSM operators. It has &#34;Verizon&#34; Markings all over (Front and back)

I've been a Blackberry user for many years, and I really like this phone.  I have a small business, so the apps are perfect.. It's easy to use, too.

Two years ago I swore that I would never buy another Blackberry as long as I lived. They caught my attention when they were introducing the Z10 and it looked like they were on to something. Well I made the purchase and I have to say I absolutely love this phone. I switched from an iphone 5. My wife has a Galaxy S3. This Z10 is far better than either of these phones. My wife will be switching shortly. I don't know what happened to Julio with his 1 star review but I have to wonder if he is on the same planet.

and I use all of the top brands.  This phone is sleek, intuitive, snappy, and a dream to use.  The on-screen keyboard is best in class, as is the browser.  The display is beautiful and is rated higher than iPhone's retina.  The Z10 feels solid and balanced in the hand, and the hardware is tight and beautiful.  The phone is stacked with capabilities and features that can't be found anywhere else.  It's an elegant powerhouse.

The more I use this phone, the more I enjoy it.  The Hub with peek and flow gestures is a great feature that you will use dozens of times daily.  The browser is blazing fast and the typing experience is the most amazing feature.The gestures are different than other phones, but after using it for a few days, you will find all other phones lacking and stale.An absolute beauty.

As a iPhone 5 (personal) and BB Bold 9800 user (work) wasn't sure I would like the new no-keyboard or the new operating system.  But after using for a few weeks it is faster than the iPhone 5 for my typing and while not quite a  full physical keyboard it has a lot of new soft keyboard features.  The predictive typing of words saves a lot of time (just "flick" the words). Also a HUGE improvement over the Blackberry Bold - no more of the old battery pulls/or lags.  This thing is super smooth and you can work it/type with one hand easily.It is super fast for browsing websites (and the websites work - even Flash websites, unlike that other phone!)  There is a neat feature for reading newspaper and other websites - click "Reader" and it formats the page nicely (and you can make the font bigger/smaller).  Perfect for reading a newspaper article without needing to zoom in/zoom out etc.  The other worry I had was with apps - or lack of apps.  This isn't completely settled but in the last week have seen a lot of new mainstream apps available and a number announced (Kindle etc.).It's also a really tough phone.  I accidentally dropped and lost the phone in the snow for several days (I didn't know it was lost outside).  Still works great even though it was inside the snow for 3 days!  And on top of that the battery is replacable (so you can carry around extra power and also upgrade the memory as much as you need via a microSD).Definitely don't regret buying and would buy another!

Very good. I've been using it for almost a month now, and I have no complaint. The only issue may be the map.

The Z10 is not withstanding the best cell phone that I have owned yet.The apps that the Blackberry App Store has are relevant and high quality.  On Apple's and Android's app store I find myself flooded with non-relevant selections and wasting my time shifting through trying to find what I am looking for.  On Blackberry's App store I do not have this problem.  Some may find the number of apps on the Blackberry App Store as discouraging while as I find it a blessing for that fact alone.I am no longer an Android fan as their Operating Systems just seem to crash or freeze up more than anything else.  No problems with this on the Z10.To sum up the Pros:*Long lasting battery*Touch is responsive*Interface super smooth*Operations are fast*Not to mention the superb sharpness and brightness of the Screen*I am also a fan of the auto brightness functionality (the brightness of the screen auto adjusts to the light conditions).*The keyboard is better by far than any other phone I have used to include the IPhone and Nexus 4.*Not bombarded by irrelevant Apps*BBM*Security of the Blackberry OS*The price of the Z10 is comparable to Android and IPhone*Expandable memoryTechnical Features:Size: 130mm X 65.6 mm X 9mmWeight: 135.4 gDisplay: 4.2in multi-touch IPS LCD displayResolution: 1280 x 768OS: Blackberry 10 OSMemory: 2 GB RAM, 16 GB Flash and hot swappable microSD Slot with capacity up to 32 GBProcessor: Dual Core 1.5 GHzGPS: Assisted, Autonomous, and Simultaneous GPSBluetooth: Bluetooth 4.0 (low energy)NFC: NFC enabled for security file exchange and paymentsHDMI: microHDMI out portAdvanced Sensors: Accelerometer, Magnetometer, Proximity, Ambient Light Sensor (Auto Brightness), GyroscopeWi-Fi: Dual Band 802.11 A/B/G/N, Mobile HotspotNetwork Connectivity: 4G LTE, HSPA+, support for global roamingBattery Life: 1800 mAh  (Exceeding the battery life of the IPhone 5)Talk Time: up to 10 hours on 3GStandby Time: up to 305 hours on 3G, up to 316 hours on 2GAudio Playback: up to 60 hoursVideo Playback: up to 11 hoursOverall:I think this is the best phone on the market right now.  You will be pleasantly surprised and not disappointed.

Update 08/13/2013  Blackberry the company, is FOR SALE as very few like to buy their new Smartphone's like Z10, Q10 !!! as stated Monday Aug 13, they are looking for an easy way out and is selling....I am thinking there may not be a buyer for they should have done this quietly cause this will make their customers nervous about blackberry's future...Analyst saying Blackberry may go private but this is a very very bad sign, meaning Blackberry may want to die quietly without any press coverage while it is disposing all its valuable asset..Yuckkkkkk.... For those who did not listened to me you might as well trade your blackberry Z10 Q10 Q5 with iphone, Samsung or nokia Smartphone's while it still has some value left on it. You don't want to have a piece of junk  months from now cause THERE WILL BE LESS AND LESS APP'S AVAILABLE FOR THIS SMARTPHONE and expect more BUG'S because app's developers might become lazy in updating their existing app's running on BB10 knowing that this company may go under in the future. Besides blackberry employee are for sure very demoralize as they see their future dwindling and many maybe looking for other jobs. I was thinking talented employee's of blackberry many of them maybe leaving or looking for other job. So my friends and co-consumer BE WISE and save your hard earned monies. My belief is there will only be 3 major Smartphone OS in the future and they are Apple OS, ANDROID AND WINDOWS. So if you like your investment in technology and knowledge relevant in the future just concentrate on these 3 Smartphone OS and I am pretty sure your investment will not put to waste.Tried this many times but the problem is there are very few good Apps for this blackberry new operating system, Most Apps are google apps emulated softwares design primarily for android so future updates and performance is an issue. Developers has anemic support for this new Blackberry operating system so I don't see future development of popular apps for this smartphone, I don't see any reason to spend so much money for a smartphone like BB10 if only you will use it for text messaging, voice and few apps. Some functionality are also buggy (With bugs), battery is not good enough to last if you browse a lot. Maybe be if they lower the price below $100 as compare to other smartphone with the same feature as this I may consider, I think paying more than $600 dollars for this phone is a waste of monies . Buyer beware cause this operating system may not last just like other new smartphone operating system without application developers support. Companies are starting pilot testing to convert from Blackberry to Iphone and Android smartphone so I think it is better to invest in the future and learn new technologies than stick with this new operating system that don't have support of major developers and popular tech companies like Microsoft, Netflix, facebook, google etc. Take note that if you buy this smartphone facebook, Netflix and other popular apps is not supporting and developing apps for this smartphone so you may regret spending a whooping $600 plus for smartphone like this.Buyer specially current user of blackberry should also realize that this new blackberry is totally different from the old blackberry phone they have before, this one has new operating system, functionality and features, so effort in learning how to use this is similar to learning how to use the much popular smartphone like iphone, android and even windows phone. Iphone, android and even windows are tested and with strong big hi-tech company support and application developers support, so why not spend your effort in learning popular and tested smartphone instead of spending so much money for this new blackberry smartphone that I for sure will be gone in the future. Without developers and big hi tech company support this new blackberry operating system will be gone in next couple of years.I hate it when consumers are being reap off, if you buy this phone for close to $700 including taxes what you get is a phone good for texting, browsing the internet and emails, very few popular apps are available for this phone yes they have 100,000 apps but most of the popular one are android apps, if the underlying android apps where updated user of this phone will have problem using them unless they manually upgrades. If you buy apple, android and windows phone after two years you can sell them and get some money back or you can even trade them to get new phone, this blackberry phone, theres nothing you can do with this phone after two years it maybe gone and there is not enough senior citizen to buy this phone in the future. I believe buying this phone is a bad investment in terms of money and technological knowledge.

I bought this for my friend and I love it. It's works wonderfully with our networks here. Camera quality is good. May buy one for myself soon.

It was sent by post yesterday&#65288;3-24-2014&#65289;&#65292;white factory unlocked gms stl100-4 for verizon&#65288;4g lte&#65289;.Despite such a long time&#65292;receive it&#65292;I was very satisfactory&#65292;happy.I love it.

Just make sure you purchase this phone from JP MOBILES LLC.....came very quick...was a ATT phone and is a BRAND NEW phone.  So many of these companies sell you used phones...not JP!I made the mistake of getting an iPhone 5c, not a great phone!  Went back to Blackberry (have had  4 of them) this z10 is the BEST phone ever!

This is a great cell phone as expected. It's really an authentic product. I widely recommend it because will meet your expectations

excelente

not enough apps, a lot of basic apps are not free. No google maps app, only glitchy alternatives. Otherwise a great phone.Great battery life!

I would have rated it higher because when it first came it was in good condition, after months if use my music player doesn't work, phone turns off when ever it likes, it always calls people even when I'm not holding it and recently the battery isn't last past 20 to 30 mins

Its keep getting Restart....I update software I contact black berry but didn't solve problem...i don't know what to do next

VERY GOOD

This is better than iphone or even my galaxy s4. Easy to use. I cannot put this phone down. No bloatware like android.

I have received the charger from Europe, but not the America and now I have to buy an adapter to charge my phone, also the protector came in a box Galaxy SIII instead of BlackBerry, have not tried it but the box clearly says Samsung SIII

luving my blackberry as usual its all ways and never will disown my bb gotta luv it and thanks for the services

This phone is over rated. Wish I would of stayed with Apple. Camera on blackberry sucks and there are no good free apps.

good

Hi....i would like to buy the blackberry Z10 here in Amazon but I wonder if this can be use in Mexico with Telcel plan.The advertising here in Amazon ready IT is unblocked but I want to be sure I can use it and set it up in M&eacute;xico.

NOTE: I did NOT purchase this phone on Amazon, but it's such a good product that I wanted to give my input for potential buyers.I may be partial to BlackBerry phones because my previous smartphones have all been BlackBerrys but this phone is ahead of the curve. (That was sort of a BB pun...) This is the BBZ10 STL100-3, with 4G ready and the QualComm Snapdragon S4 Plus dual-core 1.5Ghz Processor.Battery life:If I *had* to complain this is where I would do it. The battery life is not legendary. It's about what you would expect from a smartphone. I charge it everyday and it works the whole day but don't expect much more than that. In this day and age where every smartphone has multi-core processors, 5 different radios, push email etc. I think a whole day's worth of battery life is what you can expect. If you're answering emails all day or gaming or surfing the web, battery life will suffer but you can always buy an extended pack, one of the accessories BlackBerry sells.Call quality:Call quality is fantastic. The new 10.2 software upgrade comes with natural sound technology. And I have to say that it sounds superb. Voices are full and rich. This phone has also never dropped a call in the 6 months I've had it. (The iPhone has dropped at least 3.) Video call quality is also good. With crisp voices and decent video quality.Experience:The swipe interface is amazing. Whoever said that it has a "steep learning curve" is obviously a moron. There's only three gestures that you ever have to use and if you can't handle that then maybe a touchscreen phone isn't for you anyway. Programs are fast and responsive and it's NEVER frozen. I have also never rebooted the phone because its gotten slow or lagged. I've never used the Mini-HDMI output so I have nothing to say there.Email:As the original push-service email device, the BlackBerry still holds ground as the best workhorse phone for email. My BlackBerry gets email faster than my computer EVERY TIME. With Priority Hub on the new 10.2 OS, the phone also learns which contacts and conversations are important (read: not ads) and pushes them up to the top of the Hub so you get your important emails quickly.Storage:You can use the device as a NAS through an encrypted WiFi connection. This is STANDARD and integrated on the BBZ10 platform. It seemlessly integrates with several cloud based services too including Box, DropBox and Skydrive. It also accepts a 64Gb Micro-SDXC card so its tough to run out of space too.Build quality:The phone is well built, feels hefty and substantial but isn't heavy and is EXTREMELY thin (.36 inches to be exact).Display:The display is clear and beautiful and with a 356 ppi resolution, it's sharper than the iPhone 5 and iPhone 5S. It's also 4.2 inches diagonal where the iPhone is only 4 inches. But I mean...some people say size doesn't matter.Overall:This is really a fantastic phone. I've run phones with Android and tested iPhones (dark days) before and I think that the BlackBerry really gets down to what you use a phone for. Messaging, taking and placing phone calls, updating social networks, email and browsing the web while your girlfriend is shopping for clothes. It's not app-hungry, which could be a downside to some users. But for the most part it does the job, does it well, is fast, responsive, looks and feels like it means business, keeps you connected and lasts all day, take a look at the BlackBerry Z10. But be warned, you might never go back to another brand.

THANK'S... MISSING THE EARPHONE, BUT THE MOBILE IS OK.. GOOD CONDITION OF THE PHONE. MAY BE NEXT TIME COULD BE BETTER

Let's face it.... Blackberry has the best system for business, and the Z10 is no exception! It does everything RIM says it will do and then some.

Very happy.... Thank you!

i need to know the model of the z10; if it is STL100-3 and it has quadband and edge. before i purchase from amazon.i am in Guyana

Great phone. It has since been replaced with an even greater phone, the BlackBerry Z30. However, the Z10 is an excellent phone and I can easily recommend it. The only reason I replaced it with the Z30 is because the Z30 has a bigger screen and battery. Otherwise, I would have been very pleased to stay with the Z10.I knocked off one star because I would have liked a bit longer battery life.

I bought used of this item, it was the most expensive one in the list of used thinking the condition will be great but unfortunately, the price is too expensive for it physical condition.

price got down in next two daysfrom $257.95 to $220. when i brought it.this is not fair need to take care.

Bought this for a friend, he said it was a great price, bought on CC and he gave me cash for it. Why anyone would buy a BlackBerry, dont know, but thats what he wanted

PRO: great OS, intuitive user interface.cons: as usual as everybody mentioned apps but i'm fine with the apps it comes with and few that i douwnloaded. Other thing i thought was the battery life was ok.. Charged every 2 day (used bluetooh and Wifi every day. on most of the time which is was consumed most of the battery.)The Phone and BB10 OS is great. I'm happy to have it.

I never got a chance to use this phone.  I had to return it because after I received it, I saw Verizon stamped on the back cover so it went back.  I think it would be helpful with all these new phones that are sold on Amazon, that the seller, gives you a choice of type of phone you need based on your current service, (i.e. Sprint, AT&T, T-mobile, etc.).  They could put a list of which models are supported by which carriers on the order page so you can select the right model.  I have a Blackberry Torch and like it but wanted to upgrade to the next phone.  I haven't yet gone back to try to purchase the one for AT&T because I am afraid they will send the wrong one again.  I'm now contemplating the Z30 but want to wait for the price to drop.  I have heard good things about the Z10 but haven't used it myself.

I'm follow of Blackberry and when I saw the Z10, I was surprised of the substantial change in this model. It's really &#34;multitasking&#34;, has very good performance. The design and size is perfect and comfortable, and is also lightweight. I highly recommend it..Unfortunately, the phone I received had problems with sound, I don't  know if this is a manufacturing defect and as I live in another country, it was not easy process your return, so I had to pay extra for such repair, and the cost for this service represented an additional $ 200 :-(

You have to love blackberry in general to appreciate the Z10. The operating system is smooth ,crisp and responsive. Users switching from a certain jelly bean operating system might have a hard time navigating the user interface, but that's expected.  Blackberry world is not on par with google play and &#34;the other&#34; marketplace, but then Blackberry users don't buy  blackberry's to listen to police radio scans and play Angry birds. The body is solid and screen size is acceptable.This particular unit is very sensitive to shock, and simple things like placing it on  a desk with a little force will send the phone to a reboot, an issue I never had with my previous Z-10 STL100-3.I am however willing to live with that inconvenience, unless the seller is willing to cross-ship a better unit* wink wink*. This particular white model seems to draw attention more than the black model for some strange reason, an unscientific studies show it'll make you a hit with the opposite gender.

Amazon and cell source finally unreliable! they offer a product like this blackberry z10 on the version STL100-1 operating in the bands band 3G HSDPA 850/900/1900/2100. then AMAZON sent to my a STL100-2 model operating in 2100/850/900 MHz bands I feel cheated! I want my money back!Espa&ntilde;ol: amazon y cell source no son confiables definitivamente!  ofertan un producto como este bajo la version STL100-1 que opera en las bandas 3G para bandas HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. resulta que me envian el modelo STL100-2 que opera en las bandas 2100/850/900 MHz. me siento estafado!

I know that in today's world almost everyone believes that Blackberries are doomed to extinction. Two years ago when my old Blackberry Bold died for no reason, I was one of them. I thought they &#34;lost their magic&#34; and my girlfriend got me an iPod, an iPad, and I got myself two android phones. My first one was a Motorola XT316, that was a steaming pile of crap. My second one was a Samsung Galaxy Y, and it was okay.I was happy with them. The Apple devices were soo cool. And the Samsung phone worked okay. But I sorely missed on the one thing Blackberries excelled at: e-mail. E-mail, contacts, appointments and so on are a critical part of my job. Blackberry focused on that so much that before long they were no longer with the cool crowd. But communication is what the phones are for, right? Or so I thought. I was happy with all the apps. But no app came even close for e-mail as it was on the blackberry.Anyway, I was really torn between this and an iPhone. They are in about the same price range. It took me two months to finally bite the bullet and spend $650 on this thing. And it has been amazing from day one. My dear e-mail is organized as it should, my contacts, my appointments, everything. I'm in love with the HUB. It has all the cool features the apple/android devices have. Not exactly a carbon copy, but somehow very similar. The gestures work really, really well. And the thing that knocked my socks off is the word autocompletion. I can write a fully worded, well spelled, grammatically perfect e-mail in about 20 seconds. And it's no longer just e-mail... facebook, whatsapp, twitter, everything is in one place, fully integrated, and well organized.Blackberry always had something nobody else has. I agree that the old BB devices where ugly, that their naming convention was confusing (and silly), their camera sucked and they tended to die for no reason. If Android or iOS had some of the e-mail features & security blackberries have, right now I would've been reviewing their phones.In short, this is Blackberry &#34;hail mary pass&#34; and it is a resounding touchdown all around. Truth to be told, there are not all that many &#34;crush the sweets&#34; apps for it, but I believe that that's what my Playstation is for. I may be in a different wavelenght that the rest of the market, I'm not an expert or anything. If you're looking for a work device, and a very cool device, this is for you.

excellent the way they treat me and solved the inconvenience i had with the phone and shipping from argentina, something impossible to be done do to the regulations we have. Thank you very much!!!

Purchased my z10 from TopCell and must say that I am happy with the product. Coming from a BlackBerry Curve to this touch screen has not left me with any regrets. Durable exterior, gorgeous OS and productive interaction and speed.I removed 1 star only because the battery lasts about a day with moderate use. However, it is minor for me.Great phone BlackBerry!

The best BlackBerry I've ever had, great phone! If you want to buy it, just do it... You are not going to be dissapointed.

Cable is after the match, back cover, packagingWhite cell phone is black cable. Never seen a box, the quality is still very poor. - 3 mobile phone back cover is V version. In short the amazon shopping very disappointed

is a good phone perhaps is a little difficult to use when you don't are used a tactile phone but in general, i'm happy to buy it

Man I can go from app to app to app. Like in. 00005 seconds. Love the camera. Love the predictive typing. Love the speed. Love BBM video. Love the voice command.

something fresh and new to blackberry'm happy I bought it and certainly did not lose my time waiting for him being a fan of blackberry

good design, lightweight, easy access to the menu, the camera has good performance, I hope to adapt quickly to the, good equipment,

Phone died for no reason. It just turned itself off and was unable to restart it....totally black screen...no power...no lights...no recharge possible

I bought mine directly from Blackberry shop and cannot recommend them at all,The phone however, has been brilliant. 2 OS updates since I purchased it have taken care of the only issues I originally had when unboxing the phone. I cannot even remember what they were now.

I realize I should wait a few days to bought it. By the moment I have a few issues.  No blackberry protect available, no zinio, no pressreader, no bridge (but available at appworld), no password protect (again available at appworld).  All this app I expected to be already loaded.  Ahh no whatsapp :-) , try to sideload without luck.Also I am one owner with the Apn problem of no data so I was thinking on resell my z10 but I guess I would keep it because the price drop and wait until my Carrier officially release the z10 to fix my data trouble.  Hope it takes a few months only but never know with Rim behind.I like the phone but by the moment it is useless to me.UPDATE April 1:Finally I got Internet service, but even when they announce whatsapp since March 8, it's still unavailable.  Also waiting for Skype.About the phone, as a new os we have to get used.  It's not as intuitive (same for windows 8) but you can deny is fast and reliable.  I have to say that battery didn't last a day long of intensive use.UPDATE April 8:Finally with hard work I upgraded my bb z10 and could install Whatsapp from the App Store (it was available since April 4) , so now I really can use my phone completely like a charm.  The four star is for make me wait :-)

wow! with out you it would not be possible for me to own a blackberry z10 phone thank you very much

very good item but arrived with the mouthpiece without working. maybe because is refurbished or not is totally new. Without this problem this item arrived good.

The phone is quite nice,  but it BlackBerry 10 that is the real star. I 'collect' phones and I use at least one phone from every OS, but I keep coming back to the Z10. Perfect size, weight, feel, looks, and function.

Switched from iPhone 5. Have it for 2 days now. This phone is fast. Love the new UI! One of the best phone from Blackberry.

Impressed with z10, easy to setup with tMobile, pics are very good . Recommend to anyone who is using for business. Cannot argue on the price. Seller is prompt and phone received is brand new.

the detail is factory unlock but its not an factory unlock..it a Verizon phone that unlocked...HATE THAT.,.. ... ...

this is crazy because the phone stopped working after 2months. how will I change it or fix or return it. thanks

I bought this phone for my wife. She likes me a lot. The phone is fast and comfortable. Some applications are not available for OS blacberry 10.

excellent product

If you're thinking of buying this item to work on a GSM network, verify the specs first. Don't get me wrong, I love BlackBerry, and this phone is lovely, just contact the seller, get some clarification, I sure wish I did.  This was bought as a gift to be used on the TMobile network.  I received an unlocked Verizon phone, which was fine.  I got a MicroSIM from TMobile and was able to make calls.  The problem?  Their data services are not compatible with the phone.  I wasn't even able to get 2G.  The only way to get any kind of internet connection was to be on WiFi, which, in my opinion, defeats the whole purpose.  If I needed a basic phone to make calls, I could have spent a whole lot less.

This phone does not work on 4g lite

This phone is incredibly fast and the interface is beatiful.  I am looking forward to getting the docking station so I can use it to replace my laptop.  Love it.

I am getting to love this phone as I get to know it better. Every day I discover a new feature.

The phone looks good your screen resolution is good and the camera also, your operating system is good hardware specifications I like 1.5 GHz dual core processor, 2GB Ram.The very good keyboard and fast orthographic corrections are very good and almost always predicting what you will write.The downside is the battery you need to know because otherwise energy administar DISCHARGE is very fast and does not last one day. Another thing is that it says that the phone has 16GB of storage and when you review you are only 11.5 GB of storageIn conclusion the phone meets my expectations, I recommend it to those 2 pro failures can be solved.

I had an upgrade through att about a month ago. I bought the z10 and had many problems with it but i still loved the device and the incredible os. i went to return it and get a new one and was talked out of getting another one. I missed it every day even though i had some problems. i finally gave in. sold my htc one and bought an unlocked z10 through here. ive had it about a week. ITS INCREDIBLE. the device i had just was a faulty one because this one is flawless. not to mention att doesnt sell the white one so i admit i feel a bit cool lol. Battery lasts a full day with everything on full and very very heavy use and i still have 40% left. love this phone.

It's a perfect phone. I'm very happy with this order. Fast and very comfortably hands on. Five star for blackberry

I love this phone! I consider myself a faithful Blackberry user. I really wanted the Q10, but I just couldn't wait. I thought it would be difficult giving up a keypad. And this phone raises the bar on &#34;thumbs technology&#34;. Not for the faint hearted. There's a huge learning curve to master this phone. But it's totally worth it. The seller was prompt and the phone is awesome. A great purchase!

There is something wrong with the battery. After I have it fully charge it doesn't get charge all the way and the battery gets hot when I'm using the phone.

Sleek and robust design, high quality deviceBlazing fast and easy to use.The best voice recognition available.highly recommended.

I like it very much, and it work very fast. I use it for my Chinese number card, and less Blackberry software for me.

The title of supplier says its a STL-1-2, instead I got a STL-100-1 which does not support software 10.1..... so all the new apps don't work this is not correct, this is called a lye. amazon should have more control on vendors, now i have to return the phone

very good I recommend get super good the works telefonp Super is the ultimate in Venezuela with Movistar works fine

I've had this phone for about 4-5 months now, and so far I think it has definitely met all of my expectations. I have the white version and everyone comments on how nice and modern it looks, then they're surprised to discover that it's actually a Blackberry! I have been able to take some really fantastic photographs using the camera. I have grown to love the hub and its ability to centralize all of my notifications in one place so I don't have to go about opening several different applications for the different notifications I've received. I also like the ability to remove out the battery and replace it with another battery when the juice is running low. Finally, one of the best features is its ability to download android APK files, meaning it can run a majority of the android applications like an android phone! I'm very pleased with this phone and would recommend it to any of my friends/family!

I just replaced my iphone to this phone and am not looking back. I have been so pleasantly surprised by this phone. It blows my mind how quickly I can navigate between opening a new app, getting to an already open app, my email, texts, etc. I love swiping quickly between the screens, truly innovative. The camera is great, I understand it has a feature where it captures a few seconds before and after the photo is taken and this can be used in case the subject blinks etc. The browser speed blows my iphone out of the water. I also love how the url box is on the bottom of the phone, compared to the top on the iphone. Many times in google I had problems with trying to re-type in the search bar and the iphone keyboard pushing the search bar out of screen. I have no issues with battery life as was one of my initial concerns with the phone. Seems to be holding up great. The keyboard is absolutely amazing with the new feature that can finish the word for you by making a small swipe up. Another concern I had with the phone was the apps available; however, I spoke with netflix this morning and the representative reported that they are currently working on developing an app for blackberry, so this is great news. I think in the next upcoming weeks we will be seeing thousands more apps becoming available as the phone grows in popular. I remember when iphone started and there were barely an any apps available. Regardless, I love this phone, the speed, "the hub," truly a remarkable phone!

I BOUGHT THIS BLACKBERRY Z10 16GB WHITE FACTORY UNLOCKED GSM, I HAVE USED IT JUST FOR OVER A MONTH AND NOW ITS BAD, THE PHONE AUTOMATICALLY TURNS OFF...UNLESS I PLUG IT ON CHARGE IT WILL NOT TURN BACK ON... WHENEVER IT FINALLY TURN ON, THE BATTERY SHOWS IT CHARGED BUT STILL TURNS OFF AUTOMATICALLY...PLEASE BE ADVICE

Vendor sent all on time and all was perfect.after having a Samsung S3, my wife missed so much her Blackberry, and she is now very happy with her new Z10!No need to say anything else...

I writing this after a month of use. I'm a Blackberry fan after considerable amount of use with the 64G Playbook, which I think is one of the most under-rated devices out there. I also own an I5 (the wife loves the I5) and a Nokia 6700C (I've always loved the 6700C, great little phone you can carry around in your pocket)Z10 Pros:-BB Operating system is second to none.-Fast. Everything is very fast.-Screen/display-Virtual keyboard with auto edit that really works well after you get used to it.-Multitasks like no device I've ever used-Call quality-Blackberry Hub one-stop access to everything-Simple to set up and use-Memory is expandable to 32G with cardCons:-Like any smartphone, the camera processor is simply not capable of taking decent quality photos. Do not throw away your SLR.-Headphone jack didn't work out of the box-Like the I5 or any other smartphone, the battery cycle/capacity is simply not adequate to rely on the device as a phone/messenger you can actually use through a complete business day. After 6 hours of light/moderate use, maximum, it's 2 hour recharge time. The others cons are nit picky but this one is a biggy. I continue to use my Nokia 6700 classic as my real phone, especially when travelling. I would not recommend the Z10 (or the I5 for that matter) to anyone who needs to use the device as their main phone.

The battery of this phone is disgusting, with less than a week no longer works (completely dead). The operating system is the worst, at first seemed to have improved with the start of the cell, but after several restarts by installing a few applications it began to take a long time to start. The operating system interface is not very intuitive and friendly. Which product with such poor quality. Blackberry are definitely destined to die.

im receive the item has been unseal already and i didnt get headset inside the box this not first time i buy blackberry Z10 in amazone! and one more think there is verizone version not blackberry version because when i read its not clear from the seller just unlock phone not with the version!! hopelly i get nice solution from amazone because im loyal costumer thanks for your kind attention!

The team is excellent, very long time to get hard (2 months) but it was not by the supplier if not custom veneuela my bb works perfectly well with movistar and maintains excellent coverage, has a very good performance and I love .

this phone takes good pictures but you can not download skype for free.

It is alwas a good experience shop at Amazon where all my purchases are the same as I ordered and expected. KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK I LOVE THIS PHONE AND I DO NOT KNOW WHY I WAITED THAT LONG TO ORDERED.

I get the phone without the headset and the box looked like it was used and the verizon brand name and the photos do not reflect it has something to do with that company

I was at the top of the food chain with the note 2 when it was released, a couple of months ago the note 3 was released and instead of going note 3 I decided to try the Z10. Built quality is way better than Samsung and just for the privacy which I've now with BB 10 OS instead of having all my data handed over to the NSA is a no-brainer for me. I see with every new Android update (my wife has a note 2 with Jelly Bean 4.3) Android trying to simulate the 10 OS but full of holes. I'm very happy with the 10 OS it has everything Android has plus some exclusive that I really enjoy specially as I use my Z10 a lot for work. Just make sure if you use 4G to get the right model number in my case STL100-2.

Did not use it as yet but it is a great price and no contract to tie me down with.

Don't let the press get you down on this phone.  Honestly its very easy to use and a nicer more user friendly interface than iPhone, Android or Windows phones.

I choose the phone because a friend recommended.it is very hard to get use to use, but as time goes by its fundefinitely recommend it a friend

Excellent product. Just as described. Totally unlocked cellphone. Is working perfectly with my local network. And has no usa operators logos when started. I was sorprised because the cellphone is showing my network operator logo. Good product. No regrets at all.

I do have reception issues some times but I believe that's because it's an unlocked phone. Overall its a great phone if you have used a PlayBook you will understand how user friendly it is.

I would recommend this product for business class people.  It is a great phone and has quite a good amount of features.  It is still not the best compared to android but blackberry has really put in some effort in making this a wonderful phone to use.

Well, actually I didn't bought it from Amazon, I even bought it from Thailand so that's mean it is STL100-1. But still... It doesn't very different , I still able to access 4G here in USA (but not LTE). In the first month I got it, I agree that it is still lots of bugs and laggy a little bit... but I also got the Software update for fix those bugs average every 2 months or less. Now the latest official version of OS is 10.2 which is make it such a great phone!  ... otherwise if you don't really care about trying the unofficial OS you can also download and install it on your device easily and that would make your phone even smarter (if that leaked software is good) for now (November, 2013) the unofficial OS is 10.2.1.1055 which is make you feel like you have 2 operating system on one device! Because of improvement of android runtime performance is excellent and everything just going great... there are still have some bugs on this leak but it doesn't a big point... I know BlackBerry will fix it in the official one...  summary.... great phone!! pay for it!!!

I've had my z10 a month now, and all i can say is that its PERFECT!!! it works great, feels great and I love it. I'm glad I waited without a phone for it. don't let any of the negative reviews fool you or what others say. The z10 is amazing

They said it's factory unlocked but it has a Verizon logo on it,which wasn't on the picture. Cant use my AT&T sim card. Other than that I love the phone.

I love this phone! I ordered this phone about a two weeks ago and have been living with it for 1.5 weeks. So far I've been enjoying it after having lived with a curve several years past its time. I was starting to think I would have to conform to the crowd and get an iphone or something. Bleh! My only issue with ordering was based on there not being an option in the buying section on amazon to select the model of the phone you would want! I searched for the model that would give me 4G on T-Mobile's network and this phone was the second one in the search results. Imagine my surprise when I opened the box and on the box there was a verizon sign and the model for Stl 100-04. I did my homework and my research for weeks prior to buying this phone just to avoid this problem, and here the problem is! I had to spend a day running back and forth to T-Mobile to try to get 4G with no luck. I have to live on my Wifi connection in order to search the web or do anything, so if I am not at home or roaming the street guess what won't work...Googlemaps! I was and still am slightly frustrated by this issue and since my previous phone bit the dust in functionality I have to live with the wrong model and now consider switching to Verizon because my phone is an unlocked Verizon phone. Allow buyers the option of selecting the model they need or at the very least a messaging option to say which model we need!I'm glad I didn't have to sacrifice the features of blackberry that I had grown to love so dearly, such as bbm and the professional connectivity that blackberry prizes itself on. I also love the other new features that I keep noticing everyday such as Documents to Go and my ability to edit documents and powerpoints right from the phone! I'm not an intense app person and I'm not picky when it comes to apps, I rather quality instead of quantity and I think there are apps in blackberry world, don't listen to the bad press on this phone about there not being apps! Love this phone, I think blackberry got it right with this and I hope they keep coming out with more awesome phones!

First the shortfall: Still a lot of apps missing. Not Android missing, but WebOS missing. For those of you that don't understand, Android has most apps that iOS has, but not all essentials. WebOS hardly had any, and neither does Blackberry. A lot of apps still to come.... hopefully. One star penalized for this.Now on to the good news, this is a great device! Before I converted to iPhone with the first iPhone, I was an avid blackberry user & lover. This makes that loving feeling come back a bit. The way the inbox is managed is beautiful. The way the OS swipes and moves around is simple and great. The speed is ok, not great, but not bad either. The screen looks great, the weight & size are good, overall, I'm very pleased about this device! If you're at a company that requires blackberry, this is certainly the best option available and it's quite a large step up from previous options. That being said, the severe current lack of apps is probably enough of a buzzkill for a lot of people to steer clear.All I can hope is that additional apps come along. Everything else about this device and OS please me and make me happy. I could be happier here than on an Android if the apps were equal.

I think its a nice phone, nice picture .I send the phone too Venezuela and its work just fine a good phone.

If u r looking for a white z10. this is da one. comes with everything including an extra charging port. Unlocked! dats all u need

Thought is new, and after a look should be hand 14-day phones, I don't know is what reason he always been crashed and restart.

The new BB OS10 is a very good one, all the basic and business functions are made with fantastic quality.

it came in 4 days time. It works well with my providers 4g service but even better with wifi.It's white which to me I love.

Love love it from the first day i got it, its really sturdy and feels good in the hand. I also have an iphone 5 and it doesnt compare texting and writing email is much easier on the z10 keyboard. Speaker is pretty loud and clear, web brousing is smooth and fast and battery life is pretty last all day, i use my z10 for business and iphone for personal use the only thing missing  is instagram but i know its coming soon, besides that its the best phone out there, better than iphone and android phones which i have had and dont like because you constantly have to be closing apps. Recommend the z10 to everyone that wants a good reliable phone

Because I live in Honduras and the 3g won't work,she is only for calls,no internet or BBM,so I don't like her and no way of returning it.

team presents conditions of use and warranty seals violated or adulterated get me locked equipment was not released as it was telling the publication that is my complaint I try to return the equipment but not send them free to make this team a gift of the day father amazon sent me a label to return the item and not think back I apologize for that but I make the clarification of how I came to the article does not happen again thanks for the attention

Since I've used BlackBerry from six years ago, for business and personal matters, I can state that the BlackBerry Z10 is the best phone in BlackBerry's history, it's a huge step in terms of technology and software. I was strongly thinking to give up on BB, until I bought the Z10. I already updated to the 10.2 version and it is getting better and better.The management of the emails and social media through the BB Hub, is the perfect way to have everything on track, no loosing of time. I have an Ipad, and I can say that I prefer the Z10 software rather than Apple.Note: This phone fulfilled from Amazon comes with a Verizon logo, I didn't like that and is something that should be explicit on the product description! Never the less, I love the phone and look forward to software updates and new phones developments!

Don't buy this phone, I warn you. It's terrible, I hate it soooo much. First off it dies constantly and won't turn back on unless I charge it through a computer. Which is insane because I don't carry a computer on the go.... it also won't connect to my mobile Internet network. I can place calls and send texts fine but can't go on the Internet. My mobile provider said it must be an issue with this phone after trying everything. Which I believe considering it connects fine on any other phone... the list goes on and on with problems but I don't have time to write them all. It would take years anyways, lol. Bottom line blackberry use to suck and guess what still does.

The product speaks for itself and is amazing! but more complementary are FGS trading - the suppliers deliver accordingly and I highly recommend anything they have to offer

So far, I'm loving my Z10. Previously I used a curve 9300 so I'm really enjoying the new features of the Z10. Perhaps the other phone platforms have features not yet available on BBOS 10 but I think this phone is a great step in the right direction. I love the BlackBerry Link software which allows you to link your phone and pc remotely. It feels good and looks good. Easy to set up and the tutorial at the start was very helpful. It allowed me to dive right into the new interface.

Advertised as an unlocked GSM phone. I took it to GCI to today in Anchorage AK and it won't let you text nor get online. The phone portion is unlocked but not the data portion. I love the phone but these phones are NOT Data unlocked.

awesome phone man. blackberry is back ya'll

hello guys i bought blackberry z10 from FGS, and when i get the new update then my bb z10 does not working please please help me. because i don't know where is the wrong from FGS or me!!!

IT HAS A NICE DESIGN  ITS TOO THIN AND VERY SENSITIVEIT IS A GREAT PRODUCT AND EAZY TO USEI LIKE IT

I contacted the seller to ensure they were able to deliver the phone within a specific period.  They worked with me and deliver the phone within the precribe timeframe.

BLACKBERRY Z10 16GB WHITE FACTORY UNLOCKED GSM

It is hard to touch screen to close program. It is not smooth like iPhone. Less program to download like Skype, tango....

This phone It's terrible, First off it dies constantly and won't turn back on unless I charge it through a computer. The camera does not work it dies. I love Blackberry,  but this model its terrible. I am use Blackberry curve 9300, is amazing.I had have return this &iacute;tem and to buy bb Bold 9900.

I feel let down and very very dissapointed by the z10. Firstly it's no where close to a bb experience in terms of single finger control, android software is leaps better in windows usage. Outlook does not sync directly anymore. What's app does not work with bb10. I don't know what else does not work. I wasted half a day in trying to change over from my bb bold os6 to bb10- my god was it contrary to saying its easy, like the website says. I ended up finally changing over to my old bb. After doing a bit of checking, three of my friends have also done the same. Now all of us are weighing our options to change over to a different platform like android or apple out of no choice.

the phone is good we have a problen whit the battery but other than that is very good everything nice

all in perfect condition, very fast shipping ... the premium product, I recommend it! The phone is designed with a traditional stereotype unusual to their generations. very fast memory capacity and much more.

The cell was complete,unlocked. And even had a small info booklet in English. The last one I sent for was in  Hindu. Interesting. My only criticism would be that it was a Verizon cell and imprinted with the logo and name. Other than that, it was usable and what I ordered. Delivery on time. I know blackberry going out of business but cell is still good to use.

So with all the quality luxury car brands out there, why did I choose Tesla for the analogy? Like the new Blackberry "10" series of phones, Tesla arrives at it's luxury and overall driving experience by cleverly blending innovation with simplicity and efficiency. And, Tesla is a newer luxury car brand that is (for now anyway) serving a niche audience and trying desperately to catch on with the masses amidst more established brands. And unfortunately, consumers who choose to overlook Tesla because it is not established are missing out on something that is simply better.The new Blackberry 10 operating system is so good that OUT OF THE BOX it is a complete system ready to be enjoyed and ready for productivity. Try doing that with an Android phone. My Android phone has Kit Kat (the latest os) and it took me weeks of downloading and trying out various apps to get the phone to perform to my satisfaction and to do what this one does right out of the box. I mean lets be honest here, let's cut to the chase- when your phone's operating system along with it's native apps will not perform correctly or lacks certain important features, and you go to Google Play for an app that will do it better, what you are in a sense doing is downloading a patch. Go to your Android or IOS settings menu and call up the list of downloaded apps... that's right... your phone is FULL of os patches. The new Blackberry 10 is clearly the superior root operating system when compared to IOS or Android.When it comes to contact management, SMS, the dialer, email, file system management, keyboard, web browsing, voice recording, notifications, photo management - there is no need for improvement with aftermarket apps. So please, don't reply to this review with comparisons of the size of Blackberry's app store vs. google's and apple's. I get it.So let's go beyond the reliability of Blackberry's new and innovative operating system and discuss some specifics about this Z10 phone that I love. I want to start with 'The Hub' because a phone is primarily a device for communications, right? Well then, what a great idea it would be to have any and all communications - you name it, tweets, texts, voice mails, call logs, facebook updates, IM's, emails, whatever you want - centrally located and "peekable" (for lack of a better term) with a simple swipe. Introducing The Hub. Regardless of what the phone happens to be in the middle of doing, a short swipe up from the bottom gives an initial peek of simple icons (with counter) indicating the type and number of new communications you have received. Now continue the swipe slightly to the right and the screen will slide to reveal yet a further peek for more specifics as to who, what and when. Now finish the swipe right if you want to actually open up and interact with The Hub. Very nice! The Hub is agile and customizable. One of my favorite customizations is the pinch function for each type of communication portal in the hub. What this does is give you an alternative view consisting of only messages that meet your customized parameters. For example, lets say that for my gmail account I want my alt view to be only sent messages and also only those I sent to coworkers. When I go to the hub and open gmail I see everything. But if I pinch, everything literally starts squishing down until, poof, all disappears except for only those messages I've sent, and sent only to coworkers. And keep in mind that The Hub is not merely a gateway where you go to launch say an SMS app or a browser or app that gets you to your facebook account...all messaging is done right there. Very impressive.Next up is the neat settings menu and it's customizability. When you call up the settings menu you will always have access to ALL the settings (wi-fi, bluetooth, accounts, sound settings, flashlight, battery monitor, device monitor, airplane mode, brightness/white balance and display, apps, alarms and notifications, voice control settings, security, etc.) because right at the top of the list will always be the button called, well, "Settings". But I like how right on that initial settings page you can customize which settings functions will appear. It's like a quick links page.Next up, battery life - This phone comes with an 1800 mAh battery (removable!!) and for some reason the battery life on this phone consistently blows away that of my other phone which has a 2200 mAh battery. I can't really explain this. My only theory is that because this is such a "young" operating system, and one which was specifically designed in conjunction with the Blackberry "10" series of phones, it is an extremely streamlined system without any bloat and extraneous or redundant processing going on in the background. But admittedly that's just guessing.This phone has no "home screen" per se, which is awesome. This is because of Blackberry's focus on multitasking, productivity and simplicity. You do not have to keep tapping the Home button or the recent app button in order to proceed on to another application that you want to use. Instead, when you are done using an application just flick up from the bottom of the screen and it closes, gets pinned to the wallpaper, and turns into a widget-like live tile (for example, if you were on twitter the little tile would continue to show you your latest twitter feeds). You can have up to 8 tiles (4 on a screen) before the system begins to sequentially turn them off as others go onto the wall, and they can be turned off manually as well. To view all applications just swipe left.The operation of new Blackberry phones is very dependent on getting the swiping gestures down. It can be tricky at first but once you learn it, the phone is a real treat to use and is very interesting, intuitive and user friendly. The screen quality and resolution is stunning to look at, the phone itself is well built, exudes quality and is handsome looking. I am very psyched to have discovered the Blackberry Z10 as well as it's fantastic operating system. Highly recommend.

I absolutely  love this phone! At first I was hesitant because I was a die hard android fan but I when I decided to upgrade my phone I came across this one and I was like, Blackberry is back with a new and sleeker phone?  let's check it out plus I got it for free with my upgrade, can't beat that! It's easy to use, outgoing and incoming calls are clear, the hub is amazing (email, texts, Facebook notifications, twitter, and whatever other accounts you can link) are all in one location.  The only negative thing about the phone is I wasn't able to download a lot of apps that I once had for android such as: instagram, pinterest, and ifunny just to name a few and I can't personalized the phone with more creative themes like I once could with my android phone. However, that's okay because I can access some of my old apps by using the web browser and it works almost like the app.  With time however, I know the blackberry will come out with more popular apps that the iPhone and android users have access to.  Overall this phone is great, I love it and it's a beautiful, light weight, perfect feel in the hand type of phone. I hope this review helps on your decision. =)

Im planning on buying this phone but i am worried on not recieving the STL100-3 model. I hope to recieve an answer on this soon so i can make my purchase.

The person i bought it for was so impressed about the functionality and features of the phone. She really loves it!!

Before the great days of the smart phone, apple was the first in the western world to introduce a new phone that would change the way we use phones today. It's locked own OS and locked own features have caused people later on to create the android OS which is much more free and less constrained by rules of the manufacturer, allowing people to customize it greatly and and manufacturers to create unique devices that would differ greatly from company to company but allow it to be all under once flag, the android flag.Obviously, being the free and open minded person I opted android, where I found freedom to be plenty. Custom roms, rooting, and other features lured me into an android world full of possibilities.I slowly watched as my 8 month old android phone become archaic and urged myself to go forth and by the newest and best android phones every 6 months, becoming a victim of this intelligent marketing scheme. With each newest phone offering the best specs, the best software, and best hardware quality I was eager to treat myself with such.Oh but then I saw through this. I realized that with each newest phone upgrade, the differences between the past models were unnoticeable based on speed. Galaxy S3 versus S4, no one would notice the difference between the speed. Oh, but you can say you have those nifty benchmark speeds, which would greatly be able to see the difference through digits. Oh, but I say in return, those numbers don't mean squat, since the hardware difference will always be too small to noticeably feel it with each next concurrent model of the android phone. Thus, by telling yourself the phone will be faster based on just a benchmark score would be like me judging a book by its cover. It's not enough to have a accurate assumption, and may fall to give one a misguided perception.Then I realized, optimization is key to a fast phone. What does optimization mean? Well first look into the computing aspects of a phone. There is two sides, software and hardware. Just because you have the latest hardware, doesn't mean your phone would be the fastest. Just because your benchmark score is super high, doesn't mean your phone performance will be. What is just as important if not more is the software side of things. Android is supposed to run on hundreds of different phones from different companies, thus, the software is not optimized as compared to a company that codes its own OS in relation to its own hardware. Wait, wait, wait a sec, isn't that what BLACKBERRY and APPLE do? Yes quite certainly, thus, you can see how apple phones and blackberry phones last MUCH longer than those "premium" android handsets since there is too much competition among android phone makers, who try to pump the best every 6 months only to forget and leave in the dust it's older phones.But companies like blackberry and apple only create one line of products, which they control the OS to. Thus, they are more careful about the full utilization of software for its hardware, unlike android.Thus, with this phone, I realized how fast it is, even with its one year old dated hardware, it still runs as fast as the newest android phone, because the company cares and has complete control over it's OS, so that it can be optimized the high extent. Can android phones be opitimized as much as a blackberry? No, it is such a broadly used OS, it will never be able to.Now to the actual OS, this phone is flying with speed. It has the core functions of a phone: calling, texting, email and social media all integrated into the OS. They call it the hub, I see it as genius. It is simply where you will be spending most of your time in regardes to communication, which is only 2 swipes away from any screen. This makes checking anything amazingly easy and fast. You can install android apps, which closes pretty much the "app gap" people compain about. It has the screen you expect from a high end device as well.All the little things, like the alarm app, compass app, and other default apps are beautifully and smartly designed. They seem to be designed in a way so that you would actually see yourself using them, unlike android where every default app made by samsung is crap and I always turn to 3rd party apps from the store to take care of that. Not Blackberry, everything I need is in the phone by default, since so much care was put into those default apps.Is this phone less constrained by rules than android? No, blackberry made security important feature, thus it is not as open as android. But, it is more open and less rule governed than the IOS, where you can't even view your phone as a USB Device without the use of a 3rd party software.Transferring files? I will never need my USB cable again. How you must scream! Easy, all I did was set up blackberry link on my PC and I have access to my blackberry as a "networked hard drive" whenever it's connected to the internet. Damn, that's nifty blackberry. Oh sure, you might say, well android can do that, but I would say, still though, you would only be able to do that through 3rd party apps. I can do that by default on my device. Why should I care? Well for one, I know it's a secured and reliable way, I don't need to depend on a third party company, I only need to depend on blackberry to make the best out of my phone.Smart phone that actually thinks the way you would. Seriously, they should make that their logo if they can because the major thing I noticed about this phone is how much it makes sense logically.Minor gripe, the battery life will last you 6 hours on heavy use and 10 hours on moderate use. That's why I bought the extended battery charger from blackberry, which is a minor annoyance to carry around everywhere.

Really loving my new BBZ10, fluid and clean plus i got both the US and UK chargers so it works for me...more apps to come to OS10 but as for now i'm satisfied

Bought this device and it stopped working in less than a month! Just shut down and won't come back on, no charge no nothing!!

Amazing phone, by far the best piece of technology I have ever owned. Recommending it to all my friends and family.

lov my new z10 its faster than my laptop at home, took a bit of getting used to but a week later its getteing better everyday. as far as not having enough apps, it hardly needs with a browser this fast. somehow my 7 yrs old has figured out how to download game apps...

Good and efficient

My 3 star rating is not for the phone itself but rather for how the retailer lacks in providing a full description of phone and careers it is compatible with.  It wasn't until after I purchase this device I found out it was Not verizon compatible. Retailers/sellers should clearly state whether their devices are compatible with the various careers. Its only a handful so taking another 3 seconds to ad another statement with that info should not be that hard

Got the new BB Z10 and it is very smooth.BB hub is great place to view all your messages at one place.Fore sure, BB lacks in apps arena but it doesn't bother me much.In short, I am just loving BB Z10.

This device is great for its design and operating system. The only issue I had with it was the fact that on T-Mobile and AT&T here in MA. I was unable to get reliable service on 2G / 3G (this is a non-LTE compatible model). When service was encountered. it would drop the data connection as unreliable and manual restart of the device was needed in order to reconnect to the network. I returned to shipper and ordered the STL100-3 model which is 2G / 3G & LTE compatible for both of the carriers here in the US.

Good phone for that price. We can use Android apps by installing 1Market! All new OS platform with good gestures and good touch.

I choose this cellphone cause it is a Blackberry.... and cause I already know all its functions and new features. I will attend to say that it is better even the Iphone 5s from Apple... I mean it is less expensive and has a lot of better features more than the Apple's phone, It will be a right ring for your finger if you chose it and stop to bought what everybody has, this is thanks to the influence of TV and the communications even if it's an unnecessary purchase.

Best phone ever.. thnks you so much it was a very good deal for such a great phone thnks again

Love this phone

It would have helped if it was noted that this phone is a Verizon branded phone so that you would know that it can only work or certain HPSA frequencies.  For me it only works on Edge.  The Seller needs to be more specific.

his phone is amazing I like and arrive on time, the only thing is that waiting todaviaestoy install programs like blackberry viber leave, tango, line calls and free video calls

Disclaimer: I have the white version of the phone. Same product, different color)I have the white Z10 running BB 10.2 (leaked version) and I'm blown away by how awesome this phone is. I love not having a home button to worry about anymore (it's cumbersome on the iPhone and starts to get 'sticky' after awhile) - the gestures take a few days to learn but once you get it everything you do will be faster. It's smooth, the graphics are slick, and this phone is a *perfect* size. The iPhone 4S and 5 were too small or too awkward and the Z10 hits the sweet spot. One of my favorite things about this phone is the Browser - it's snappy, I've had up to 25 tabs open before and it still runs, it's intuitive, the browser bar is on the bottom which is out of the way and not bothersome and it maximizes screen real estate.I've had this phone for a few months now and the only thing that is remotely frustrating is waiting on app developers. I also really wish that Blackberry would give you all the apps that are tied to your search queries (ie if I search for a Pandora app it provides me with a list of all apps that are similar to Pandora or are 3rd party Pandora apps).Summary:The Good-screen size-battery (being able to swap it out for a fully recharged one whenever I want is life-changing - I didn't realize how annoying it was to find a charger mid-day with my iPhone and now I could never go back)-fast and snappy-browser is best I've seen-everything I usually use is already baked in (evernote, twitter, facebook, email, etc.)-very secureThe Bad-apps are slow to arrive on BB (but you can sideload android apps)-battery life is meh but it's mitigated by being able to swap it for a fresh one whenever I want-siri was more helpful to me than the BB assistantThis is a great phone. I recommend it for people who want an NSA free phone that is fast, attractive, well-sized, and overall awesome.

I expected a clean white blackberry Z10 without the verizon brand on my 2nd purchase and I still returned it...The first seller was all the same but was much worse when they just packed everything in a plastic mold that was not even for blackberry and threw in a car charger as a consolation...my advice to all...e-mail the seller first to make sure that they get everything delivered right... Joseph C.

I bought my blackberry z10 in black about 15 to 20 days ago from orange dominican republic under a contract which i must say its quite expensive (300 dollars locked 18 months paying 50 dollars a month) of course it gives you unlimited internet, 200 mins and sms but still is quite expensive for such poor country like mine.Back to the blackberry z10I have owned the following devices: Blackberry curve 8520, blackberry curve 9300, blackberry torch 9800, blackberry bold 9780 and an iphone 4 and now this. I can say with confidence this is the best phone i have ever bought no doubt.Software: 10/10I love bb10 its really fast, it does everything i need without a hickup.App selection is really good (100,000) apps, i have all the apps that i need (Whatsapp, Instagram, facebook, twitter, dropbox, google maps,amazon kindle) among others.Speed: 10/10This phone is FAST! i mean really fast, you can have 8 aplications and use them all at the same time no problem, watching videos, downloading something, playing games, surfing the web anything you throw at it.Camera:8/10The camera on the z10 its not bad at all, its really good, but its not up to lets say Gs3 or iphone 5. The time shift feature is AWSOME all my friends love it! Works greatBattery: 7/10Again its not super wow, it can last 1 day on a charge, with moderate use, just keep your background light low, stay on an area with coverage and lock it everytime you are not using it if not you will end up at the end of the day with the battery below 10%.Build Quality: 10/10This phone feels PREMIUM! It just feels good in the hand, no plastic at all like the galaxy s3, close to an iphone 5 if not better.Speaker: 6/10Here is a flaw, the speaker sounds loud but not that great just OK.Overall: 9/10This phone is just amazing, gives you something different than android an apple, something unique, an unique way of doing things i love my phone if i could i would afford to buy another for my girlfriend (she has an iphone 4) but wants a z10, i would do it right away. If you have any questions about sideloading any app comment here and i will reply :)

I really loved this cellphone it is awesome item as described dont have regrets on buying it safe package loved it

It is advertised as an unlocked GSM phone and when you get it in it has Verizon on the phone and will not let you use mms or data with an att sim card!! Can make calls and text but no texting pictures or any data. Ordered one from different seller and everything worked perfect!

This product came in quick and it was fresh and new with everything in the box. Bought it for girlfriend and she loves the phone.

I buyed new BB Z10 .but due to some circumstances I came back to India,Audio/Headset Jack is not working .I did'nt got headset with the new BB Z10.I went to service center of BB but they denied to give me service because i buyed from USA.Please do the needful.Suggest me what I should do.

This is good phone because of clear voice and direct answer like fixed phones have to be. Also the wireless connection is working pretty fast. The function of predicting words is fantastic.

The battery is full!! But always automatically switches any time !! How can I use a phone like this??I bought Z10 because I ever had a Blackberry 9780Bold. Excellent camera, very good quality and made in the European. However, now, they are made in Mexico, especially the battery is made in China!! I don't care where you product the phones. At least, PLS, don't product junks!!!

I thought I would try to share some of the product details from the device I received, since there is almost no description available from the seller (boooo!).I saw someone on here post they received model STL100-4.  I received model STL100-3, RFF91LW.  You can find the sub-model number underneath the battery inside the phone.Differences are laid out nicely here:  [...]I bought the phone to use on T-Mobile's network in the United States.  The best models for LTE on T-Mobile are STL1003, with submodel RFK121LW being slightly better than RFF91LW due to being able to pick up both of T-Mobile's HSPA+ frequencies (1700MHz and 2100MHz, found here:  [...] ).  My model, RFF91LW, is running fine on T-Mobile's LTE service here so far.  I haven't even fallen back on HSPA+ yet, although I live in a big city so my LTE coverage is pretty good.For the price, it's going to be near impossible to find a better unlocked phone, let alone a LTE phone.  Software is running smoothly, and service with T-Mobile is good so far.  Just make sure you get the right model when it arrives!

The OS on the Z10 or Q10 is far from prefect. It needs a lot more development and software testing. Lots of bugs with the software and the touch screen isn't as nice as the Samsung S3 or Iphone 5. Don't be a beta tester for Blackberry. Wait for a year or so. Can't use the phone with prepaid cards or when traveling. Unlocked isn't unlocked if you can't change the APN for data. No other phone manufacture is locking the APN. Blackberry support is terrible. So bad that you want to throw the phone away. Do say I didn't warn you. Try your SIM card in a Blackberry phone before you buy it and watch out for the model number. There are 4-5 different models of the Z10. Be sure to find out what you are buying. Or just don't buy Blackberry. Yes be bold and brave and stay away.

I genuinely like the blackberry z10 smartphone.  I purchased an unlocked version and was pleasantly surprised that the phone was indeed a brand new, sealed, factory unlocked phone.  Prior to this purchase I attempted to purchase the same smartphone, only to be sadly disappointed, as those had been previously owned; they were an opened item being sold as brand new.  When I initially received the brand new blackberry z10, I was very happy to receive the phone; but disappointed because it will not work with Straight Talk bring your own phone program; the network I use.  I was going to return the blackberry z10 for a refund and decided to keep it for a point and shoot camera, plus the smartphone has a very current version of docs to go; which is a wonderful software program.  I can successfully use a WiFi connection, using the hot spot system with my current phone.  I can get cell phone and text usage with the z10 with Straight Talk, just not data usage/internet.  The blackberry z10's APN isn't compatible with the network.  The blackberry z10 is actually a pretty nice smartphone.  It is light weight, takes a good picture, is relatively simple to use and I seem to like it enough to keep it regardless of the incompatibility issue with the network.  The smartphone is not overly complicated, but there are enough options and software to make for a very nice higher end smartphone.  It can be used for multitasking; depending on the applications being ran.  It can be used as a stand alone modem for tethering and also as a WiFi hit spot.  It's a good smartphone with many usages.  It does have a port for HDMI, which makes it great for hooking the phone up to a business projector or television.  There is a software program, photo story, which helps with creating a timeline for photos.  I have not personally used it for this yet.  I like the compass and GPS coordinates which is a feature of this phone.  The phone can be used for video chat; it has a front facing camera, which also takes a great selfie.

Love it. Beautiful pics. Screen is amazing. The only thing wrong is missing all my android apps. But if they continue to add to the operating system, I may be able to live with out. Because all the other features are worth it!

this  phone was very useful for me, it has any technical problem and the description was right ...... thamk you

I believe I receive a different phone from the one I order, the picture is showing me a plain z10, but the one i receive is a verizon phone with marks and scratch all over it and the battery dies for no reason,whether in use or not.I order a new phone but i am starting to feel as though it is a used phone, but other than that it is a great phone. If i can get the one i originally ordered i would not have trade it for no other phone.

I have no complains about this phone, I really love it.  Of all the Blackberry's I had this one is simply beautiful.  Love all the features.

Nice sturdy phone, could have easily give  5 stars but phone does not support bbm. I had to take it to my carrier where they installed a data plan, now all is okay. Camera is not sharp and not much apps. Still a nice phone.

I really like this product , i bought it as a gift and it's really goodGood service too .

This phone does not work with TMOBILE Or any phone carrier in the United States. The sim does not work. It would be a waste of time send the phone back and wait 4 to 6 weeks to get my money back. The seller knew this phone would not work and also knew the phone was not made for US carriers.  It makes no sense. Instead be honest with the ad and state the phone does not work with US carriers. PHONE is Germany or European made.

Unfortunately, the phone ship  was incompatible with Philippine network.  I tried to return it, but the US CUSTOMS wanted me to execute a statement regarding the importation of radio frequency devices  capable of causing harmful interference.  Obviously I am unable to do that and Amazon was no help at all.  So now this phone is still bouncing between Us customs and Philippine customs.  Money down the drain.  My rating does not reflect on the phone thou but on Amazon

Very good,one of the best smartphone I ever used.

indicates STL100-2 But technical details state otherwise. Please correct since this is false advertising. Other than that its a sleek build looks great and feels great,
