
Works great. Careful of what size your sim card is. Mine was tmobile the largest size while this phone requires the micro-size. Also, if you are using it as unlock, you have other works to work on such as resetting your data to the right carrier. Just look up your carrier about that.

The phone doesn't work at the indicated bands, it doesn't operate LTE nor 3G, they also send you an ac adapter that doesn't work in the states. Hope it serves. They aren't selling a product advertised, it's a different variant which doesn't work on American carrier bands.

Really great phone! Could have found something cheaper but didn't mind spending the cash.I had a Slll before this phone.

I bought this phone thinking a few things that in the end turned out not to be true.&#8226; It would be unlocked as the product name states&#8226; It would be in good condition without dings and scratches&#8226; It wouldn't be filled with pornographic images of an ebon-skinned woman.I got 2 phones, one from sooner electronics and one from congletonj.  The one from congletonj is perfect.  Unlocked, great condition and even cheaper.  Sooner electronics has failed me and will probably fail you too.As for the actual product, it's great.  I mean it's stock kernels so the sound is good but it can be better with some custom roms and or kernels.  Luckily XDA has tons of stuff for this phone so I'm happy with that.  One thing that wasn't mentioned by anyone else that I really like is when I went to calibrate the gyroscope I noticed the phone is perfectly balanced in the hand right on the horizontal axis.  The weight feels off if it's not held dead center and is most comfortable there.  Perfect design and form.

Very happy with this phone, but I was flabbergasted when I activated it and could only find access to Asian languages. I managed to figure it out, but cannot, for example, get rid of an application on it called Weibo. In the big scheme, it was a great purchase.

Awesome

Phone came in original sealed package, purchased from &#34;mercate group&#34;, the htc one is fluid, fast and a great looking handset, the aluminum body is sexy,  premium, solid and comfortable in the hand, would recommend buying a protective case case. Very satisfied with this phone would recommend it to anyone.

Practically perfect happy I decided to buy.

This was received in good condition and on time. What i did not like about it was that, they did the make it clear in the advert that this is the AT&T carried phone. To me international version should be international verson. How many countries have AT&T so that when it comes with all those AT&T bloatware, it taking unnecessary space on my limited memory

This phone looks as if it is a refurbished or used phone. It has some slight scratches on the back even though I unwrapped some cellophane wrapping. That cover however also looked un-original. I am very disappointed with this seller, as it seems that I am not the only one who had this problem.

excepts by the battery that has to stay 5 hours recharging for a full chargecamera isnt the best too, but its a great phone camera

The phone i received dose not look new. Appears as if the phone was used. Has three light scratch on screen, sound is not clear. Also scratch on camera lens, the back of phone body also scratched.  Was for a Christmas present. Was not opened up until Christmas day.Went out and brought a different cell phone from someone else works find. Same type of  cell phone just different  store.

This cellphone was everithing OK and the shipping was the day that we agreed to. But the only thing i have to complain is that it came with a charger from UK so I need to be with the charger plus an adapter if I want to use the original charger.After that, everithing OK.

Great phone. Love it a lot...good photo quality as well...very good to handle....nice phone. Super like. Good deal as well.

I purchased my phone from Baerpawz, and I got an ATT version. But on to the phone, the phone is fully functional and I love the ease of access of the phone, beautiful display, bright screen and 2GB of RAM!!!! No more lag between applications. It is a beautiful phone at first impression and quite the attention grabber by the crowd.My only complaint would have to be the preinstalled apps from ATT since I requested the INTERNATIONAL FACTORY UNLOCKED version, it's not a huge setback but it is an unpleasant surprise so BEWARE OF SELLER INFO. Overall a phone is a 5/5 my only issue is the pre-installed apps.After using it for a few hrs. i can tell someone used the phone before me, clearly this is not a new phone!

This is very useful stuff. My son was very glad about this smartphone and features. Thanks a lot for in-time delivery:)

Most of these reviews have had issues with the seller. Not the phone! This is by fair the best phone out so far. Very good if you are coming from an iPhone. Looks beautiful as well. Display is the best I've ever seen on a phone. Very fast processing. I've never had it freeze! Camera looks good!

The HTC ONE is a very well built solid phone and has operated perfectly and easy to use. The operating system is simple and straight forward and with the features it offers I found it superior to the other phones in this price range.

This is my riting because of the excellent quality and is one of top 3 mobile phone actually in the word.

Specific to colour  . all color should be available.Only black was there. I didnt like the restriction so return the product

I Paid for the phone mention above and they sent me the HTC Desire 600 instead....No 4.7 screen,NO SUPER LCD 3..AM VERY,VERY DISSAPOINTED !!!!

It's amazing. Work mobility and easy, I never seen phone like this, so I really like it.For me this phone perfect

They completely mis-represented the product.1. It was not unlocked.2. It was the locked AT&T; branded version, with all of AT&T;'s bloatware pre-installed.3. Several sections of the touch-screen seem to be defective, because they don't register touches. Attempting to swype through these areas completely screws up input.

In general, my HTC one M7 works good it looks like so cute, I was very surprised for the apps and a plenty of options that are come with it. The only problem that I have is that calls sometimes lose but It's for the frequency of my country because I live in southamerica.

Black cellphone. New. Just one detail: I put my SIM at&t and the internet didn't work, in the top of the screen was &#34;IMEI blocked.&#34;so... An authorized agent from at&t fixed it doing a lot of changes on the configuration. Then, happy end. Excellent cellphone.

I really love this phone.I wasn't too sure about getting it at first because I was a huge apple fan. However this phone changed my mind. It's truely a great smartphone HTC did well. The color, sound and my favorite the feel of the phone is great! I would reccommend this to anyone. The black looks presidential :)

It was a gift for my husband and he is 100 % happy with the product. Good performance, good applications.The most important function - the virtual keyboard is easy to use (he has big fingers :) ) and he said that it is very fast

If u want to buy a new phone, then switch to HTC one. This phone is most beautifully designed in every detail!!!!

Like says in the announcement I WANT one black and i recieved a silver one, another peoblem is that the price is for one for 32gb and the one that i got is onky 16gb? This is fake, why put things that it is not, I want and answe to replace my cellphone or refund my money!

Ordered Factory Unlocked, got AT&T; locked, soI returned it back. Many comments describe similar problem.After I complained their marketing department contacted me to provide compensation for issues I had.Conclusion: you might be or might be not lucky to get device you need, if there is time pressure for you - don't recommend.

The phone is amazing, just as I predicted, was nervous about buying it because I hear about people selling fake/ wrong. But this company stands by there products delivers on schedule... I will never buy another phone , simply amazing, and if I somehow break this one (which with its sturdy feel I doubt will happen) I will reach out to this company for this same device..

charger provided was not original, samsung phone charger provided with htc phone and the charger is not working properly, unsatisfactory

Overall the phone is awesome! Sound quality, speed...everything is just awesome.The only issue I had was when I received the phone, everything down to the instructions was in Chinese. All I did was google the manual to change the Language setting of the phone.

Filled expectations. Run very smooth, and fast. The camera features are a big plus. The battery duration is not the best, but least more than my ex iPhone 4s.

The mobile is very sleek and processing is fast. The look is nice and has high sound due to it's dual speakers. The photo quality is not as good as expected or as compared to other HTC phones.

This phone has all the technology that money can buy but the materials and the build quality is very delicate and can not take any drop. It is easy to damage and I dare you to call HTC to get any help (Sorry we can not help you). This phone was dropped inside the car, 2 to 3 feet high, and the damage that this has suffered is beyond believe. This phone was not made for use but you should frame it and leave it alone, do not touch. T-mobile is actually worse than HTC, they immediately failed the customer satisfaction guaranteed as stated in the commercial. For the amount of money you pay for this, you should get the top technology and the top built phone. I will just stick with an IPhone which is a much better built phone.

The advertised product was a HTC ONE M7 Black - Factory Unlocked - International Version which should only come in a 32GB/64GB variant. What I received was a Taiwanese version HTC One Black 801e with ONLY 16GB of internal storage. I actually didn't care what color it was, but I only had the option to buy this particular one because the HTC One 32GB - Factory Unlocked, US Warranty - Silver (Unlocked) version would NOT ship to an FPO for some reason. I also believe by doing some research online that this version only does 3G instead of 4G, but I see no need in testing it because I'm not keeping it. Now I have an inferior 16GB version that I didn't know existed and will have to return for a full refund.

This is an excellent phone with excellent features. Very high quality craftsmanship and a friendly UI. Only complaint is the lack of micro sd slot.

Amaizing !!!! Excellent smartphone, very good quality and great sound Good quality finishes, great software HTC Sense and ZOE !!

I can't even imagine how good can the M8 be.I'm a heavy user, I'm always searching stuff, while playing, chating, checking mails and this phone is really fast and responsive.And on top of that, you won't find another phone as beautiful and exquisitely designed. I have the silver gray and is really very elegant.So if you're having second thoughts, go for it, you won't regret.

This is one of the best phones that I used till now, the mind blowing screen quality and the build is excellent.At first when you switch it on the menu might appear a little awkward but you can personalize to great views once you are in.The touch is so smooth and the 8MP camera is pretty amazing and sharp.it has a 2.1MP front cam which makes it the best for video calls.The phone is light weight and scores in all category.Cons:There is no expandable memory(if you want more than 32GB, which is a killer storage)The battery is removable(I dont think that will add negatives to the phone beauty & build)I would whole 500% recomment this product

I thought it was going to be like the last one I bought but it was amazing. It works perfectly in the US, UK, and Ireland.

I have got this  may 15th &#65292; everything else is so perfect , except the signal reception is poor, right now im using Tmobile sim card, and so far I've never got full bars on my signal reception , it is always 2-5bars,  sometimes it cant receive network, but only happened twice, both in a building , not basement or caferteria not something, just in the classroom.  BTW the network speed is pretty fast, it is just the signal reception kinda worries me sometimes , is there any way I can improve it ?

I am an HTC fan and I think their phones need little introduction. Bought this for my father who was going to Europe.Found it very convenient.great call quality easy set up and fast browsing.The camera gets good pictures.

This is an excellent phone it's well built and has an outstanding screen. It's also quite fast at what it does.I was quite surprised to surprised to see a vodafone logo on start up, but that does not affect the phone operation.

I just love it. The phone was unlocked I put my sim card and worked. The battery life is perfetc. no regrets

I'ts hard to compare every high range smartphone on market right now, because every user have different tastes and expectations between a brand or another, but I think thi cellphone qualifies between the best of the best, the sense operating system is really more efficient than samsung versi&oacute;n of android, for example, and features between this and a galaxy S4 are pretty much the same, for my personal taste, this one has a better cam and way better audio, and hast the kit kat 4.4. update, so I like this one much more, If I compare it even to nexus 5, It's an overall better cellphone, has a smaller processor, but better features on pretty much everything else. You cant compare this one with any Iphone because if you are an ios/icloud user, your are not going to like this one, but for me is just perfect, thank you HTC

Unlocked version works wonderful. Enjoying the phone. Completely satisfied and it keeps on amazing me with so many features. It is an absolute bliss.

The phone came with a scratch.Addition did not get the international plug adapter.I scratch indicates the cell is used, and the product contained as new. You charged me as if the computer was new.

The phone has a very nice design, is fast, light and feels great in the hand. The only problem I had was the color, I ordered black and they sent me a silver.

WHY the black color is much more expensive ????? Don't buy from this go to HTC site much cheaper !!!!

phone is not unlocked is locked to ATT and you cant use any future on it without paying ATT ,phone is awsome but sucks cause of ATT,even you cant tether it with usb cause i locked ..........................................

I bought this phone a little over 6 months ago and I love the phone! This is one of the best phones that came out last year and I'm a fan of HTC. However, I am not a fan of this seller and that's why I am rating this 3 stars and not 5. I first had an issue about 3 weeks after I purchased the phone. I had my phone plugged into the charger. I assumed it was my charger but I tried several others and the phone was not charging. Eventually it died and I had a phone that was basically useless and would not turn on.A few days later it started to charge again and everything was fine until yesterday. I had 14% battery so I plugged my phone into the charger. Again, the same issue as last time. It would not charge. I took the phone into a repair shop to see what the issue is and they told me it is most likely the charging port inside the phone. This is extremely annoying because now I have no working phone (again) and I have to send it back to HTC.

the phone met up my expectations. simply the best smart phone out there. im very satified with this cell phone

The cellphone it's excellent, all accessories as new, excellent condition. The only bad thing is that the camera does not focus. I dont know why.

This cell is nice and good lucking. Great features and good taste but POOR ink and VERY DELICATE.  After a drop you just won't recognize itI bought the black edition, after 3 months of usage it is a shame because of the aluminium body the ink is peeling off.Dr Dre will not recognize his brand name in the back

Truely an impressive cell phone. Its fast, responsive, and a great smartphone to use. This has been a huge step up in terms of technology and ease of use for me. This is me coming from Samsung Galaxy Ace, several versions of my phones of choice the Motorolas and Nokias. I am loving learning more and more just what my htc one is capable of doing. My one issue with this phone is its battery drain. I am usually online during my day and there is a significant battery drain as a result, I have done some research and have turned off several features that I do not usually use and have invested in the i-Blason external battery pack and protective case and now I view my phone as being golden; beautiful to look at, meeting and exceeding my needs and expectations !!!

Just to note, I got my HTC One &#34;M7&#34; (unlocked international version, black) on Amazon from the seller Wireless Experts. The phone came exactly in the stated condition, and they have always been great on email follow-ups.As for the phone, it blows away everything I've ever owned in the past.  The quality of the workmanship on the actual unit is solid and classy.  I love the elegance of the software design compared to the clutter of features on the typical Samsung, and the color is far better, IMO of course.  It is also screaming fast, with no delay whatsoever regardless of what I'm doing or the amount of multi-tasking I put it through.  I truly love this phone, and have found not a single flaw in it so far after a month of use.Being an international user, what I loved most, was that according to my research (YMMV, so do your own checking!) HTC makes only a single model One to cover the whole world.  That means you can buy a phone anywhere, and use it anywhere.  At least that's what my research brought up to me, and that's the reason I bought the phone, because with Samsung the phones are regionally-based, with no easy way to tell the difference between them.  That means that an unlocked Samsung you buy in the USA won't necessarily work somewhere else, and vice versa.  And you can see the amount of people struggling with that by reading the reviews on some of their unlocked phones.  I couldn't afford to take that chance, so I bought the HTC One instead.As it turns out, the phone worked perfectly in the USA with an AT&T; Sim card installed.  It helped that it was an unlocked AT&T; branded phone, so all the settings were ready to go.  When I returned to Europe this week, the moment of truth happened.  I set it up with my phone service provider (Vodafone in the Czech Republic), and... all worked well.Here are some helpful notes for those of you thinking of using this phone in Europe, for example:1.  The phone got a perfect signal and was able to make calls and send texts (SMS) as soon as my Vodafone rep replaced the SIM card and got done with her settings.  That was the part I was worried about most, and it went very smoothly.2.  The phone did NOT get internet service right away.  What was worse, was that neither of us could figure out why.  As it turned out, the APN settings Vodafone provided were incorrect.  But with a little internet searching on some of the Android tech sites, we found the correct APN settings for our country, entered them in Settings &#62; Mobile Data &#62; Access Point Names, and all was suddenly perfect.3.  Unlike what was listed on the specs for radio frequencies, the phone CAN and DOES get 4G internet connections here in Europe, (at least where I live), and works great with it over here!In summary, for those of you thinking of taking the plunge, all is going perfectly for me and I can't be thankful enough for the great deal I got on this phone.  Compared to buying a new HTC One M7 from my European provider, I saved $400 going through Amazon and Wireless Experts!I hope this helps some of you international users / buyers.  Take care.

I'm very happy with the phone! Meet my expectations, and even more. I'll recommend it to anyone looking for an android phone.

Excellent phone the only thing is that the box did no came with the HTC clip to open where the SIM is

I ordered the htc one m7 black phone lately. the phone is okay. only one thing the camera was faulty

I chose this rating because I am not satisfied with the performance of the HTC ONE M7 black that was sent to me. At first everything in the phone was in Chinese and the phone has been loosing network and as a result, I cant make or receive call all the time. in fact I wanted to return it but could not find the receipt anymore. I am very disappointed and dissatisfied and it feels like I just threw the money away because it feels like a refurbished phone. I  really appreciate this opportunity to make my complains and I still wish something can be done about it because this is discouraging.

I moved from an old 3GS iPhone to the HTC one and the features it offers me are quite good. I'm still learning some shortcuts but all in all it was a good decision I made. I'm happy with it.

Was so disappointed! Rightaway when we opened the box we saw the AT&T logo. We just hoped that it is unlocked 'cause we work on a cruise ship and we have limited resources and a hassle for returns. The phone has AT&T logo at the back and the usual start up for AT&T phones. Keeping our fingers crossed that no other problems will come out by the time we get to our country...

I am totally disappointed by buying this phone. This is not like it advertised. It is locked to At&t and it is too expensive for a locked phone. Go ahead and buy another phone which is worth for your money.

Bought the product from PVCS group.The HTC One i ordered came in stock chinese version with plastic being taken off the box. I am still trying to check whether it is fake or not. The charger that came with it is unlike anything i've seen before, i guess it is for chinese market as well. There was an US add on plug that was dropped in separately. I just hope that phone is not fake, however this is def not an international version.I will update on whether the phone turns out fake or not.
