
Update 10/24/2013: It's now been about 4 months since I've had the phone. A number of problems have begun to pop up. The wireless just turns off by itself randomly. Sometimes, I can turn it back on manually, other times I have to restart the phone to get wireless to work. You can't use headphones with this phone. Either you'll get a horrible hum or the headphones simply won't work with the phone. I've tried multiple headphones, but get the same experience. As I say above - let the buyer beware.Just be aware straight out that you may be getting a ripoff of a ripoff. I ordered a HotGlobal s7100 (Galaxy Note II) knockoff and got a Gulu Haipai Noble i9220/9277 (Galaxy Note) knockoff instead. The seller contacted me when I put a so-so review for him and claimed that there's no difference between the 9220 and 7100. Also, I was a little concerned when the box said that the product was installed with ICS. The phone's internal information, however, showed that Jelly Bean (4.1, API level 16) was installed. Other than that, the phone is fast and works well. Another hilarious thing is that you actually get a fake Samsung sticker to put on your case. Ha ha ha...

I really like this phone besides the fact that the WiFi and Bluetooth doesn't work. I want to be able to use both of them , but I can't because it went out.

Phone is a nice size and a great screen size. Processor works smooth. Preloaded apps were good. Camera was sharp and fast. I liked it at first until I started finding the flaws. I am grateful that I only order through amazon prime and returns are no hassle. Amazon is awesome.1.Proximity sensor was fading brightness in and out constantly when there was no visible external lighting change.2.after making a call the screen would just go blank even when removed from your face. So you could not use the keypad or even hang up.....That was annoying and is the reason it was returned. I'm sure it has something to do with the proximity sensor also.3. A few times the screen just started flickering, not sure what that was.4. The battery drains fast, and takes ALL night to charge.5. I was unable to find anything on rooting the phone. According to forums and also what I noticed, the reason battery drains fast is the cpu never sleeps when the phone sleeps..It only goes to min speed instead of "on demand".

ORIGINALLY I SAID >>>>Fab phone........i will not be buying a brand name again in a hurry.it's fast...looks great....is  working perfect....no screen cut outs......internet is very fast on Wi-Fi and not that bad on mobile data either....THEN NOW WHAT I HAVE TO SAY>>>> phone has completely stopped working and is permanently dead.......it did give some bother to charge and started dying very fast...one day it froze and never came back tried everything!!!! MAybe you should save and buy a real galaxy 4 n HALF MONTHS AND THATS WHAT IT LASTED

I feel ripped off paying for a phone with 1GB of RAM and 8MP camera and 960x540 screen. queipo relidad and has poor 5mp camera. and 512 of ram and the screen is 480x860 is a vile scam ...

It a good phone bit it didt come with 2 battery's like it said n it sucks when u put ear buds but good in all

I knew I was taking a risk by purchasing a generic smart phone... but I have been pleasantly surprised.  I have had this gem for just about a month now and my only concerns are very trivial. I would say this phone is 98.9% 5 star worthy. My only concern has been the need for an extra long mini USB, but if you don't move it too much it works on a normal one, the back cover is a bit thin, and the speaker can be a little quiet on some but not all calls.I use this phone on Straight Talk's network. I can download apps in seconds, peruse the internet with no qualms, and the battery life is decent for a phone that can run so much at a time.I am so happy with this phone I plan on buying another for my fiance, or one just like it!Thanks!

It is a good value basic phone. The camera is the back is so so. There is no flash so if is at all dusk, they dont come out too great. The camera in the front is horrible so if you are wanting to do video chatting, this probly is not a good phone. I think that is the worst features of the phone. The plus side... The phone works well enough and doesnt seem to have any hangups. I dont get dropped calls and the calls are clear. It comes with a basic back cover as normal and also a cover the has a flap attached that goes over the phone, as well as a screen protector on the phone. It is big, so the battery will run down if you use it alot so make sure you have a charger at work and at home and in the car. Connected up to my vehicle blue tooth with no issues. Overall, a decent enough purchase for someone just wanting to text on big phone and save money on a phone for a prepaid service.

I recommend to anyone .is perfect for the price .is just a good phone for anybody who doesn't want to be tie .

i order this phone but what i get is a used phone first thing when i turn on the phone there was names and numbers in the phone plus the time was already set and i get the same type of phone from a diffrent coumpany just a mounty ago for abouth half the cost and that was a brand new phone this is a rip off

Seller was kind, was going to send it back the first day , but decided to keep and give it a chance, after a few weeks start acting funny sending it back, not so great of deal

After my S2 died I really wanted to move to a note 2 but alas I left ATT because of the crazy monthly chargers, so I was left with a $500 price tab for a note 2. I moved to streight talk from walmart with a GSM SIM. I came across this phone did alot of reading up on it and through hey why not.Wel lets get down to the phone itself.Amazing is all I can say. I use my phone all day for work and the phone did not fail me.Super fast amazing screen, so far has ran every app I have thrown at it (just started to play simpsons tapped out and its looks great on the 5.3 inch screen.Battery life was good with my GS2 I would get home after a 10 hour work day and be on about %30 this phone has kept me going all day of hard use.all in all does perfect for me and what I use it for.Now the downside.The front camera is very very very low quilty, yes it can be used for skype and such but you will notice  how bad it looks when you use it. on the upside the back camera is very good.Sound. The speaker volume is not really up there with other phones, the ringer volume as well is pretty low. I listen to a lot of music in my car and with my music turned up you cant hear the phone ring at all (and I don't have it that high) all in all my GS2 crashed this phone in volume.Case. Don't order a note 2 Case for it it wont fit, the front camera is on the wrong side to fit a note case. also the note 2 is slightly larger, so dont buy the cool otterbox clone case that they recommend on here when you buy the phone, trust me the case is bad ass really nice but it wont fit.All in all I love this phone the fact that it comes with a second battery too is just amazing.I honestly will never buy a name brand phone again when I can pick up this damn good quality clone for a 1/3 of the price and have very little downside to it.I just got my kid the GS3 clone and my wife owns a really GS3 and honestly I like the clone better, the camera blows the real GS3 away.If you want a big phone that's going to run all your apps then buy this.P.S also I have read alot of people ask about how easy is it to set up and so on, no different from my S2 or my Wifes GS3. same droid setup. and yes straight talk worked perfectly on it slid in the sim and your done apart from setting the apn settings (which you have to do with every phone with ST) there was nothing else to set up just add your Google account and your off.

the camera was&#34;t 8 mp ....is 5 mp  i like to take lots of pictures with my phone but i'm upset right now

Disappointed.  The phone's display screen was partly scrambled, even with a fully charged battery.  Removing and re-installing a different, fully charged battery did not help.  So returned the phone to Amazon

I don't normally take the time to leave such detailed reviews but this deserves it, and to all the people who doubt the quaility of a generic phone please keep it to yourself. For starters this is a well crafted phone similar to the Samsung Galaxy Note II but not the same, and obviously you can tell by the label. When I first boot up the phone regardless if it says 1GB or less of RAM it came on within 15 seconds very impressed. The contents exceeded my expectations 1x pair of earphones, 2x batteries, 1x charger, 1x USB 2.0 cable and manual. I immediatley put the phone to test, connecting to wifi, downloading and running apps at the same time. I am very nervous how the celluar will work out but WOW...popped my sim card in from my flip pay as you go phone and forget 3G my new phone goes straight to H+ signal which if you are tech savey this is 4G not yet branded. Honestly a great buy and I recommend this phone and the seller (JKMall) to anyone. Oh!!! I almost forgot the only con to this I can think of is shipping timeframe but if anybody is like me you get a little impatient while awaiting your new product.

I find alot of the these &#34;cloned&#34; phone reviews quite laughable to be honest. Check my other reviews.. I am a real live boy.. Not a seller.Going to keep this short and sweet! After reading almost ALL of the reviews on clone phones here I picked this one (at first).The people making &#34;poor&#34; comments, in my opinion should not be buying cloned phones. These phones should be purchased by people with a ABOVE AVERAGE working knowledge of computers, cell products, and the supplying companies. News flash - EVERYTHING IS MADE AND SHIPPING FROM CHINA - Including what you bought from ATT store! If you need to be walked, hand held, and more to get your 200$ savings bragging rights - maybe the ATT store IS THE ONLY place you should shop.. and yes you WILL PAY MORE! Remember folks: Its a business, not a hobby.As for the products:Number Bought:2Service used on: Straight TalkCapacity: H+ G service - Picture attached - approx 4 mbs Down / .5 Up - If you do not know what H+ is, its 4G before they branded it 4G - Google it.Quality: 1 perfect and very happy - definitely not as fast as a GALAXY NOTE 2, but then again MOST wont use it to that level anyhow. And if you want to know if it will play WOW or some other mindless game - NOT as good as your computer will so use that!! Its a phone, and a work tool, which your not going to use as because you probably do not work because you live to play video games!One of the phones did come with a small &#34;crack&#34; in the lower part of screen - sent it back because i didnt want to chance it. It was working fine though.Feel free to ask questions - I will answer them if I can, when I can. WARNING: if you asked a question that deserves a brunt answer - you are going to get just THAT!! In full!Bottom line: She's a big girl - but she moves fast and I love it!!

The internal storage is just 1G, not you said ROM 4G, and the CPU is ARMv7 Processor rev 3 (v71) , not so good as the  item describe, but works fine.

Update 1/27/14This phone has finally failed.  It would no longer boot when turned on.  Plugged to the PC and the firmware would not load. Says can't load 'uploader firmware'.  Unable to find the uploader firmware online.  Contacted the eBay seller in China who told me the phone has been discontinued and no support.  I will have to upgrade and buy locally for support purposes. Purchase in China is too much risk.Update 2/2/14The life span of this phone is less than 8 months, if you are lucky.  And no tech support if you buy from China.  Please do not buy from China otherwise you will have yourself to blame.  Just like it happened to me.

It is exactly same as Samsung Galaxy Note 2Spec Wise, Performance Wise, Battery Wise, Application Wise.I am very happy with this purchange

The phone is responsive and vibrant and works great. Its big sturdy and fast, the screen needs to be more unbreakable but other than that it works.

So I was super excited when I ordered this phone. I even bought cases for it. When I finally received the phone I was shocked to see it was the wrong phone. I received a phone that resembled the S3. But so far it works well &#128554;

this product is satisfactory up to now in my country, we received it just a few weeks ago. it takes a little getting accustomed to. but for the young people , they love it, it was for my grandson of 18 and two of his friends, mrs r.a.daniel taylor

Received phone over-night (worth 4 bucks with Prime!)My Samsung Galaxy 2 (T-Mobile / tmobile Walmart Plan) - unfortunately SMASHED and I needed a new phone fast.This phone -- Noticeably  larger than the galaxy 2- Pretty lightweight- Came with 2 batteries (2800 mah capacity - nice)- They seem to charge quick too.- Came with 2 back covers (one of them has an integrated flip-open/shut front-screen protector)- Charging cord & USB Plug- Headphones (that are also used for the built-in FM turner! Cool)How easy was it to setup?1) Removed the SD Card and SIM from my Galaxy2) Placed in the new Note II3) Turned the phone on- It immediately recognized the TMobile SIM Card and SDCard4) It prompted me to ask what SIM CARD to use for calls, text, etc. (I only have one - but uniquely this phone is setup to allow for 2 SIM cards, allowing you to choose which performs what actions)5) After this, I went into the menu, and the Google application, entered my info - synced up my contacts, etc..And I was good to go - there was nothing hairy about the process!! And un-trained Monkey could do it, pretty sure..+ I noticed this phone immediately responding quickly - as fast or faster then the Galaxy 2.+ The 8MP camera has really really great resolution+ Has the panoramic ability (press the shutter button, slowly turn phone = panoramic photo)+ DID NOT HAVE BLOATED SOFTWARE LIST+ Scrolling through menus, opening / closing apps, VERY fast+ I use the IM+ application to connect to a chat platform at my work-place, worked wonderfully (DATA CONNECTION)++ Came with a pre-installed screen protector! WAY cool!Overall I honestly cannot tell you a single negative thing about this phone yet, except maybe the resolution of the front-facing camera, which to me is so minor I wouldn't knock it - it's GOOD ENOUGH.I'll do more tests as I'm driving to different cities for connection quality, and I'll add more details in a week.I would jump on recommending the phone - it's a LOT OF PHONE for such a nice price!

This cell work well, but I paid for one cell with 4 gb no 1 gb, this is the problem

now even my friend are envious of me having this gadget.  initial quality is excellent.  to be honest, i really didnt expect this product to be this good, since its a generic brand, but it turned out really good, its fast, responsive, screen display is very good, back camera is excellent with 8 megapixel (but the front camera is disappointing).  G3 works OK w/ good speed, WIFI and Bluetooth connection are both good, light sensor, GPS, proximity sensor and G sensor all working good.  For the price i m paying, its totally worth it, ringer is loud if you wanted it to be.  the screen dosent die as other claimed it will , it was just a wrong proximity sensor calibration, there is nothing wrong w the product plus its an easy fix, the phone is not defective at all.  one thing that annoys me is it dosent  come with any good documentation or manual for the explanation on its features and functions, like what are the actual sensors installed in the phone, sensor calibration etc.  i have try to checked on  the available sensors and some of them are either not present or dont work well, like the internal compass, so i wasnt able to use it as a navigation device. also i dont think this phone is compatible with retrofitting a wireless battery charger like other late model branded smart phones. correct me if i m wrong.This phone's Antutu score was only at 8400,  the 2D and  3D rendering suck on this phone, so games dont play well on this,Taking and watching HD videos and photos is acceptable though.  all these shortcomings are so, because the phone is only a dualcore cpu phone w/ QHD display screen. for a better gaming phone, one has to look at a quadcore, with full HD display, then the games should play really well. i think i would have bought the quadcore w/ full HD display phone. but its also 50 bucks more expensive than this model at close to $180.  for what i do ( basic communication, text msg, net surfing, social networking, watching and taking HD videos and photos and a very occasional gamer) i think this phone's capability is adequate for me, and i am totally satisfied with this phone. Its an amazing phone at its price.

The phone it self is great!You anything you would in an original Samsung (minis the stylus pen)I have an original Samsung Note II so I can compare both phones.This phone is a little bit slower than the Samsung... but you wouldn't really notice it.The camera is slower than the Samsung... but If you want great quality photos you should probably get a real camera.Overall the phone is great... you can't beat the price... I like that has dual sim slots (unlike the Samsung where the sim slot is blocked).Put in my sim card... it recognized right of way and connected to network.The only complain that I have is that the resolution on the screen is not as sharp and bright has the original Samsung.

This is a great phone if you're on a budget and need a phone in a pinch. This phone is fast and responsive. However, after a few months the screen started flickering when bright colors were displayed on the screen, so I had to keep the brightness all the way down to prevent this. just last week the phone stopped reading my sim card and no longer receives service and can no longer be used as a phone. I got the phone in May of 2013 and it lasted until November of 2013. It was a great phone while it lasted though. Just don't expect it to last as long as a name brand device.

esta bastante bueno para ser una copia del GALAXY NOTE II al principio cuando lo active me dio problemas porq al contestar una llamada la pantalla se ponia oscura y no podia ni colgar, pero los resetie de fabrica una par de veces y me quedo bueno.. los estoy usando en USA con STREIGHT TALK y funciona muy bien, tiene una buena pantalla y con wifi es rapido aunq con el servicio no tanto pero esta bien..this good enough to be a copy of GALAXY NOTE II when activated initially gave me problems because when answering a call was coming down the screen dark and could not hang up, but  i reset a couple of times and now is good .. I am using in USA with Streight TALK and works very well, has a good screen and wi fi is fast but the service not so much but it's okay ..

Inexpensive dual-SIM Android smartphone that fits into the commonly available Galaxy Note II case stock, and all the bells & whistles.  Also big sharp screen!!  Have used it in Germany and the USA, and 3G zips data along, the GPS navigation works great, and cameras work ok.  Disappointed that there's no zoom on the still camera image, but other than that it's a great phone!!

I have been using the phone for one week, very happy with it.I ordered it from seller keydroper because it was the only one that stated clearly that they were shipping the 1gb RAM model (S7180) and that is the model I received. Phone works well, very good reception (I use Tmobile prepaid), I don't have a data plan, I solve everything with Wifi. The shipping was fast considering it came from Hong Kong (like 10 business days). The phone comes with misleading sticker stating it is a quad core, but it is dual core and advertised as dual core, so no issue there. The Wifi is very sensitive, tested Skype, perfect. Antutu benchmark gives very decent score over 6500. I was considering buying the Nexus 4 (which is an excellent phone at a good price) but for me having the option of microsd card was very important, also the much bigger screen, and at half the price. The camera is very good for a phone camera, you can take decent pics with it.

It reboots to a certain point and then goes into a loop... then after an hour of looping, crashes. You have to plug charger in so you can reboot. I don't read Chinese, so unable to reset factory settings. I can get to an English menu, unable to reset factory settings.The seller I purchased the phone from claims to be bankrupted. Hot Global is the provider/manufacturer of phone.Purchased another phone, NOT, a Hot Global product!My next attempt is to take it to a repair place and see if it is worth/can be saving/saved.I'll provide and update

THIS PHONE IS HUGE!! ITS AMAZING!~ IT DOES EVERYTHING THE SAMSUNG GALAXY NOTE 2 DOES BUT DOES NOT HAVE THE $700 PRICE TAG! WONDERFUL INVESTMENT!!

This is the second unlocked cellphone I have had. I really like the dual sim card. My primary is a T-mobile, the second is a ATT pay-as-you go. There are to many areas around Yelm that T-mobile does not work.

Thank you Amazon for ask me I have problem I am working oversea in Afghanistan and I cant connect with internet not accepting the internet phone is working and i need you help thank you again

So the phone looks and feels great. Built quality is preety good it comes with accessories so that's a plus. What sucks is that it is not a quad core its a dual core and it does not have 1gb of ram it only has about 400 something which is really lame if it ends up slowing down due to low ram I will return it.. other than that its a food phone for the price

I just got my phone yesterday. It has been a great phone, much faster than my previous note. It is a great deal . If you are thinking about a good android phone... this is the one!

I really like this phone and it works too. I've even connected it to my Bluetooth in my car and was very surprise that it did work. I will be keeping this phone for a while. But the only thing I don't like is that the speaker are not that loud. But who needs that anyway. It works with my T-Mobile sim card with no problems.

I bought this phone for my daughter. She hasn't signed up with a carrier yet. She has a texting app and has downloaded games etc. She loves it.

I love these phones I have purchased 4 for my husband and myself and 4 for friends. I love them!

alot of bugs phone does not respond correct has many small flaws hat over time become very frustrating y m

As of right now this phone is doing quite well.  Just got it today and I am really liking it.  Had the Galaxy s3 for like 2 weeks and this phone is just like it only bigger and faster.  I am using Net10 service and the whole process to get it working wasnt that bad.  Freedom here I am.  No more contracts and all that jive.  I will update more once I get the hang of this phone some more.  Got mine from Hot Global Great Seller Fast Shipping!

The only problem i have is connecting  to my sim card.....its from gosmart which runs on tmobile network but will not connect....any sugesstion

so many things to do on this phone,, would have like the guide book to be a little biggerfor reading,, but i do much love the phone

This phone really seriously sucks. I have had it for one month now and its slow as hell...the screen freezes...it does basically what it wants to do.  When its on silent...it still rings...the battery won't charge. It takes forever to write a text message because youhave to keep hitting the keys.  I have contacted the seller...Carmenfreie severaltimes concerning returning this piece of crapbut response from them has been either slowor nonexistent.  Please do not order anythingfrom them!  I like the size of the phone butfrom day one...its been a headache.  DO NOT order this phone or FROM THIS SELLER. If I could give it less than one star...I would.

Okay. For starters, I  ordered this phone 10/20/13 and received it on Halloween 10/31/13. Whoo hoo!!! It took only 10 days included weekends to come from China To NY so that's a Plus. When i received it, it came with everything it said it would (2 batteries, flip case/screen protector, Rubber skin case, 1 back covers for the back of actual phone, Charger  - with usb and plug port separate and of course the phone).**Key Note must put in SimCard to turn it on or else a little green Andriod will be displayed with his body lookin like he is missing something and a red caution sign will appear**This phone Can WORk WITH ONE SIM CARD so don't believe the hype about the phone has to have 2 sims to work because thats what i did and it works. (I Only have One ATT Sim card)In addition, Apps are easy to install,  Back Camera Works very fine, Front Camera is poor quality looks very dull even when Bright lighting and can not be adjusted  by the settings like the Back  Camera. Otherwise this would be my ONLY pet peave.As for the actual screen size, It is alil bigger than specified. The screen is a 5.5 inch screen rather than a 5.3 inch which does kinda make a difference if you had a desired case that would fit a samsung galaxy note 3; This phone would not fit because it would be slightly too big.Otherwise, this phone's response to commands are even Faster than the blink of an eye. Its probably faster than any phone with a Brand name.Overal, l I love this phone despite the Front camera's dullness which i'm kind of sad about.BUY BUY BUY!!! I would say. Unless your a Front camera person then I would advise you to maybe look for a better one.

The phone worked great when received.  Then the touch screen just died.  This phone is a touch screen phone.  When the screen does not respond to touch, you basically have a non-functioning phone.  Maybe I just got a lemon and other people might have better luck with their phones, but I will be returning this phone.

This phone is feature loaded and is ideal for the travel outside the US. I bought one for myself and ended up buying 3 more for my business partners and my wife. Check out the specs on this phone and you will be impressed.

This phone was great, the shipping was accurate and nothing in the description was exaggerated. Only problem is there are no cases for them.

The screen goes out during calls, cannot use the keypad. If I can catch it and put it on speaker than I can use the screen, kind of a pain when calling somewhere that has menus. Other than that the phone works good. Battery last a long time, charges quickly. I think the wifi radio goes in and out, it gets then loses signal repeatedly sitting right next to my wireless router. If not for those 2 problems would be a great phone. The pre-installed screen protector was a little off, had to pull it off and try to reposition it, didn't work that well. The place I get them didn't have an exact one because it is 5.3 not 5.5. They custom cut one for me.

Camera SUCKS!!  VERY BLURRY AND CAMERA MISALIGNED have to &#34;point it away&#34; from me....compared to other cell phones.  CAN NOT GET 3G SERVICE....IT'S ONLY 2G...and I  have AT&T Pre-Paid SIM.

It stop working the first day....but I got a full refund. Bad phone. ...don't buy this phone please dont buy.

What SIM card do you use and can I use it with verizon. If anyone can help me please comment

Another phone that looked good at first but almost every phone we have sold - they have been returned for one reason or the other. Phone keeps turning off by itself, terrible low battery life. 1/8th the length of a normal one. Flickering screens, bad voice quality, phone stops working, charger not working at all, takes too long for battery to charge. Edge speed to slow, cannot download or play certain games, etc.

Yes this product is perfect and there is  no issues of concern. The description of the phone is exactly how the product perform. I will recommend to anyone looking for smart phone to consider buying this.

Good so far and hope it lasts .. . I now think to my self why have I been paying so much money for these carriers phones. They are ripping us off people and probably writing the negative reviews on here to get your money. This phone is every bit as good as the name brands I have had and considering its 1/5th the price I would say better.

First off... Came with screen protector, rubbery case, and a back plate with a flip front cover, and two batteries. I have been using this phone all day. My LG had a micro sim so I couldn't use it, will get a new sim tomorrow. The text response time is super fast! Camera is 8mp. I placed calls and received calls all day over the magic jack app that us way cool no service needed. For the price you are getting a great phone. Hasn't heated up in my hand like most phones. I use mine ALL day too. Call quality is okay over WiFi not sure how it would do over my provider yet. WiFi is super fast when you are using the internet and apps. I will say when you first use the phone it will be on Chinese on your Google page. Don't worry you can change it, you just have to click around to you see the us Google. I am happy so far with my phone. I will write another review when I get my derive on it!

First off I waited for ever for the phone, when it finally arrived it was not what I expected at all, plainly the wrong phone!no cases, earphone and charger throwed them away they were no good, problems right off, plenty stuff wasn't working but with a lot of tinkering its finally working fine and I love it, its a beautiful phone so if you have the belly I'll say try it, am actually happy.....

Very disappointed in this phone.the call screen goes in and our do if you need to enter any info/put on speaker while  the phone you're outta luck!!!! Its bull crap! What's the point of even getting the phone!!?????

This is a fake phone it works but it is fake and not a Samsung devise it can not be updated, It has only 1GB of Hard Drive

Great phone, have had no problems other than no phone case will fit. Screen size is great, volume of speaker is 3 out of 5. i dont like Bluetooth so i use regular headphones with mic. still i love this phone.

This is a good phone except the fact that the charging port doesn't accept the charger too well. Its an extremely loose fit so sometimes it won't charge all the way at night if it gets slightly nudged.

Open &#34;Task Manager&#34; , it shows &#34;Total memory&#34; only 469M, not 1G.Dual Sim, one is original size, another is micro.The instruction of the phone is not enough detail.Just a dual sim phone, it's just ok.

First of all..they say this phone is a 8mpixels camera....in fact its not even 5mp....maybe about 3mp......its 512....not 1gig as stated.........the battery drains fast and takes all night to charge!....i mean all night!.......internet is ok...could be better.....phone was delivered on time......not so good of a phone.....

First off,  This phone is PRETTY GOOD FOR THE PRICE! Don't expect this phone to be perfect, keep in mind its a china made phoneI ordered it on Sunday and got it on Friday so it took about 5 days ( I live in Kansas if that makes a difference). The shipping was reasonable and fast. I only used it for about a day and got a general feeling for this phone.My Package contained:A White phone ( I heard a lot of other people receiving grey ones. I think the color is completely random, you get what you get)Silver Stylus located at the bottom of phone ( NOT GOOD AT ALL!!! Stylus is unresponsive and takes a lot of effort to use on the screen....)Head phones ( they aren't that great... but they were free:) I recommend using the headphones with the phone ONLY! I tried using them listening to music on the computer... and the sound was bad)White Flip phone case ( I receive one case... I heard other people getting two... again its completely random... you get what you get. The flip case is HORRIBLE. The flip part doesn't stay on the phone and it gets annoying to use... I advise to use the normal case already attached on the phone)Charger ( Not much to say here. It does the job)User Manual ( One side is Chinese and the other is English. It's not very detailed)Strip of Paper with SIM instructions ( Very helpful)2x BatteriesWhat I LIKE about this phone:It looks really good and sophisticated. The screen is huge (5&#34;3). The phone is thin and lightweight which makes it easy to hold and carry around.Touch screen is extremely responsive and smooth.RECOGNIZES the SIM card immediately (big bonus). I just insert the card in and it took the phone about 2 seconds to read it and bring service.It easy to get use to and navigate around. Very simple and user friendlyWhat I HATE about this phone:The BIGGEST issue with this phone is BATTERY LIFE. This phones drains sooooooo fast. Gaming, web surfing, facebooking, etc. can cause the phone to die within 2 hours of full charge. It was no wonder that this phone came with 2 batteries....Audio is not the best qualityCamera! Ok, the back camera takes decent pictures but the front is horrible. This phone makes it difficult to  video chat, takes selfies, etc. with the front camera quality.Tips for Extending Battery Life:Turn the BRIGHTNESS ALL THE WAY DOWN!!! Its the number one thing that drains the batteryWhen possible turn off GPS, Cellular data, WIFI, Task ManagerDon't use Live Wallpaper.... Use the normal onesConstantly shut off unused Running AppsHIGHLY RECOMMEND! Go to the Google Play store and download Battery Doctor, Go Power Manager, Quick Setting,Super Task Killer, Go Task Manager, and Battery Indicator... those are the apps I use to help conserve battery, shut off unwanted apps, and figure out how much time I have left before the phone dies.Shut off your phone when you aren't using itCHARGING takes FOREVER on this phone... it takes about an hour for this phone to charge 20% I'm guessing it takes about 4 hours for this phone to fully charge. I highly recommend charging it overnight.* Carry around an extra battery... I know it sounds silly but with the rate of how fast the battery drops on this phone... It's safe to carry around a fully charge battery just in case your phone dies unexpectedly* This phone can last all day if you moderately text, call, game, web surf, listen to music but if you use it heavily 2-4 hours is about as much as you can getExtra Cases and Batteries:This phone doesn't have that many cases to choose from. But if you need a replacement, type Star N7189 in Amazon or Ebay to order new onesSame with batteries. Search Star N7189 on Ebay or Amazon to get extra batteries ( you are going to need it :p)Would I Recommend it?IF you need a fast short term phone to mostly text and call, I highly recommend you to take this phone into considerationbut If you are looking for a long lasting phone.... I would get another phone.... I read that this phone lasts about 6-12 months before it starts breaking downIF you are the type of person who mostly text or call and moderately use it for games and web surfing... This phone would fit youBUT if you are the type of person who does heavy game playing, web surfing, facebooking, watching videos, etc. I DO NOT RECOMMEND this phone to you... you are better off with a more expensive and reliable phone.Overall, this is a good phone for the price and it works but I wouldn't count on it lasting long

It. Seems like a nice phone but was stolen before I ever receive it, so I can't give a preview on something I never had

people need to buy this phone i love it i got two of them one for me and one for my man

Overall it is a decent phone,big screen,decent camera,although the front camera sucks unless your in daylight with it.Screen resolution is alright but its no amoled screen,so when u tilt the phone it either gets bright or dark,basically you have to hold it directly in front of you for the contrast to be viewable.It is a rooted phone and i cant find a way to root it so i can update the version so you're stuck with a not recent updated OS and it doesnt give u the option to to do a system update which is wack.The charger port doesnt even hold the charger unless u sit it down and dont mess with it,or u can hold it in place the whole time while u attempt to charge it and use it.The battery sucks,it gives false readings.It is lightweight,but one drop or if u sat on it by accident then its a wrap.Wifi does work well.Speed of the phone is fast.Call quality is ok and the person on the other end often has a hard time hearing me.all in all,the phone is only good to talk on if it even works. its a pretty cheap built phone with cheap mechanics.

5he device is terrible wont take pics and have to power off all the time... and the interbreeding is slow on these international phones

The screen doesn't work when I'm in a phone call, I can only use Internet via wifi.The only reason I haven't bought anything new is because I need to punish myself for making such a horrible decision.However I do like the case and the customizable sound settings.Overall I would say spend your money else where.

This smart phone was everything I expected and more.  Great resolution, ease of use and all the cutting edge features expected from a phone triple the price.  Thanks

I have been using this,phone for over a month now and it worked great for about four weeks when whenever placing or receiving a call the screen started go flicker and go dark and i could not hang off the call,the i like the fast internet connection and apps download

Received the phone a few days ago. However, it wasn't the grey color that I ordered, it was white, (I can live with it). I was really excited when I looked at the box that it came in, which said MT6589 Quad Core Processor 1.2 GHz. Sadly, the box lied.  AnTuTu tests showed it to be the dual-core MT6577 as advertised, but what is advertised, that isn't true, is the 4Gb ROM. Testing showed it to be just under 1Gb.  The RAM measurements were a bit odd, too. Test showed  512Mb RAM internal and 1Gb external (I haven't added any external RAM yet). Otherwise all of the other specs appear to be spot on, ie..8MP camera. The instructions could been better. Pictures of the icons, for example, were black. Real men don't need no stink'n instructions anyway, right?There are some irksome apps pre-installed. Can't for the life of me figure out how to delete the bookmarked Chinese websites in the browser, for example.Overall it's a pretty good phone. Battery life has been great for the few days that I've had it. The screen is very responsive to the touch and fast. It's not Galaxy Note 2 fast, but for a 1/3rd of price what do you expect.

The "back button", the one to the right of the home button, and the one to the left of homebutton stopped working on the second day. Returning this one. The phone is nice enough to give ita second try. Hopefully the first one was a lemon.

I dont understand why every time when i make a call, the screen is off, i can touch and proced to other activities (it is on and off). i need to know whatcan i do?

Its a beautiful phone, however the camera has not the resolution on the detail, it says 8 MP and only has 5 MP, at the beginning it worked very well, the screen size is a relief for the eyes and the apps runs smoothly, however after a couple of months the phone reception become dificult until reach bad, to connect to the phone we needed to make several attemps (5 to 8 times) even on the same room. Unfortunately the time to return the product has ended and I live far enough to make a warranty claim too expensive.If you want a quick short term solution for your communication needs is ok, but if you want something for the long run you should buy something else.

I slammed the phone against the wall it was not what I paid for everything about the phone was not what was advertised

Well I must say, I am "almost" completely satisfied with this phone. It runs fantastic, is quite large and was a snap to set up. I do have to agree with the other reviews that mention the life span of the batteries, now I know why you get two. It reeeeeeally drains them quick. No wonder it came with two.....lolUpdate: Okay, so it is a little "glitchy" at times. Especially when it's charging. I have found that when the charger in plugged in, even the slightest touch sends the screen into a fit.It should also be taken into consideration, since this phone is coming from overseas, almost EVERY word you text will need to be entered into the phones dictionary. Which can get quite frustrating.The phone does have the S-pen like the Galaxy Note however, no S-pen software in installed and when it is removed from the phone it does not react like the Galaxy Note.Ring tones, I always set my phones with different ring tones to distinguish work from personal calls. For some reason this phone finds it funny to just switch ALL my ring tones back to factory tones whenever it feels like it.I will update again if any other "perks" arrise.....lol
