
I migrated from Torch to Z10. Also use an iPhone. I like the Z10 a lot. Hub, flick typing, are awesome.  In fact, the Z10 blows away the iPhone with multitasking and flick typing. But, still use my iPhone because app selection for Z10 just not "there" yet.A MAJOR point for those of you who rely on Outlook for keeping your life organized: if you are accustomed to syncing your old RIMM device, or iPhone, with Outlook using a desktop USB connection, be warned that BB Link software that now comes with the Z10 (and Q10) (formerly BB Desktop Manager) DOES NOT To DATE HAVE TWO-WAY DESKTOP USB SYNC CAPABILITIES WITH OUTLOOK. Only recently did the BB Link software get updated with the capability of a 1 time transfer of contacts and calendar to Z10. This is not of much use for anyone with active business obligations.It is possible, as others have noted, to sync with Outlook if you use Outlook.com, and/or Gmail as well as other methods if your information is in the cloud. However, for those who keep contacts and calendar info on your desktop or laptop, and do not want your personal contact information in the cloud, where it is not encrypted, or backed by two-layer authentication, and you are not ready/comfortable making the transition to loading your personal information to any of these unencrypted cloud based systems, you may be very frustrated. They are not fond of the idea of Microsoft, or Google, etc, having access to that personal information.This issue is reported widely in the BB forums with > 10,000 views. Third party products are available for USB sync, but as of yet, still have glitches. One of the main features people like Blackberry, ie security, is the same reason they/you may not want this personal information in the cloud: if your email is hacked, so is your personal contact information and that of family, friends, etc.Unlike Blackberry Exchange Server, the Active Sync capability BBRY offers for this synchronization to Outlook.com is NOT encrypted.So, if you rely on two way sync with Outlook to manage/organize your life, setup/keep appointments, etc, you may want to wait until BBRY's BB Link software has two way sync, which is "coming".Otherwise the phone is great, but it was a real shocker to get this home and find out I could not sync with Outlook via USB as I've done for years. Neither BBRY nor sales reps are informing users about this limitation. Rating will change to 5 star once this is addressed.Just glad for now I can still sync to Outlook via USB with iTunes/iPhone so I have access to contacts and calendar on the go.I'm eager for this fix, but want to save others the potential disappointment of getting the phone home and seeing this limitation.

The new Z10 is amazing.  Typing on the virtual keyboard is unlike typing on any other phone or tablet: it works!  Not only does it accurately select the key you were aiming for, but it magically predicts the words you are typing allowing you to swoop your finger, select the word and save time by typing only a tiny fraction of your actual message.Not only that, but while you are doing anything, in any app, you can easily always see what messages have come in with a simple swoop of your finger, have a quick look at your notifications without leaving the app.  So easy, useful and fun.It is ridiculously fast and efficient.  Much more useful for typing and typical use than the iPhone.  Quick look at your new email while browsing on Facebook or the internet, no problem, just have a "peek" .  No need to leave the app at all.  Really a well designed, lovely phone to use.Most apps that anyone would use are available.  Video chat between BBerrys is great.  Phone feels good in your hand and fits well in your pocket or purse.

This phone is so easy to operate. I wouldn't have any other. Blackberry has done an amazing job! I would highly recommend this phone.

This phone is awesome. This is my first dedicated touch screen and I'm still getting used to that but it's outstanding the things this phone does and the service I get with it! Can't wait for more apps to come out for it though.

No blackberry home button. Many are complaining that Z10 Freezes a lot, especially when using AppsAs I am evaluating Smartphone cause I am planning to upgrade from my old iphone 3gs (almost 4 years old) I am evaluating Smartphone based in blackberry, iphone, android and windows 8. That is why due to hype about this device, I initially considering buying BB10 Z10 tried many times to test it and see its worth. My budget is between 500 to 800 dollars. As I am reading reviews, trying the product myself and even went to blackberry website about Z10 complaints well there is a lot of them mostly operating system, hardware and software related. One thing that's get my attention is the blackberry Z10 having no home screen button, this is important because since many of blackberry apps are not develop and optimize for its operating system but is originally for android if the apps freezes (Due to bugs or outdated software) there Is no way for a user to go back to the home screen but to reset the Z10. Since this is most likely to happen a lot of times as the apps really not optimize for new blackberry operating system resetting devises and waiting for it to boot is very stressing. The maps for Z10 is useless my wife has the old BB7 and she hated it, her company provides it so she has no choice, but this year her company is pilot testing iphone so maybe this year or next year they will convert. I think blackberry should lower the prize of Z10 to less than $100 for the consumer to get fair price since you can most likely use Z10 or Q10 for texting, instant messaging, voice and internet browsing. Close to $700 for Z10 is very expensive considering that you can buy old iphone and android phone with the same capability plus good ecosystem, good popular apps are available and gadgets integration for less than $100. Do you know that you can get iphone 4 and 4s for free if you sign a two year contract with the carrier? This is much better than paying $200 for Z10 with poor selection of apps, close to isolated ecosystem, face with a lot of bugs since it has the new operating system and softwares, dismal apps developers support etc. One more thing, this blackberry phone same as the old one is difficult to dispose cause you can't sell them or give it to your kids they will not accept it and you will end up throwing wasting monies, this may holds true with this Z10, no apps developers support, no big hi tech company backing/supporting it most likely this new operating system will be gone just like the others. My research is over and will buy the new iphone or Samsung galaxy S4. My son is more than willing to get my old iphone 3gs but I am thinking about just using my old iphone as navigational device with Magellan apps for iphone (take note many good apps for navigation is not available for blackberry). I am sharing my review and research so that others will not waste money buying expensive smartphone. For now I believe considering the future direction of modern technologies like good ecosystem, integration, device manufacturers support it is better to buy smartphone based in apple IOS, google android and Microsoft windows 8. Don't waste your hard earn monies buying other smartphone cause they may be gone in the future, if the price is less than $100 go ahead cause that is just like buying a regular good cellphone for texting and voice.

I was holding out for either an iPhone 5S or the new Samsung ATIV Windows Phone 8, then I lost my old cell phone. I wasn't even considering a BlackBerry because I use the older ones at work all the time and always thought of them as a necessary evil for corporate email. I am not a Google fan so I wasn't considering one of their phones.That all changed when I started my crash course "must buy a phone now" research. I was looking for a phone with easy app switching, easy app closure, hard core messaging integration, NFC (just forward thinking really), Bluetooth 4.0, Wifi, replaceable battery (they do eventually build memories regardless of what anyone says), upgradeable storage (so I don't have to know what size I will initially need up front), the ability to play my iTunes songs, etc. Ultimately I wanted a phone that was intuitive to me and would just work and not one that felt like a toy.I started reading rave reviews of the Z10 so I decided to put it on the table for consideration. Using my wife's iPhone 4 as a comparison I dug into the Z10 and the more I read the more I liked it because it nailed every single wish list item I had. Then I went to the AT&T; store to play with it and once I got around the annoying demo software I was truly impressed with the phone so I bought one.The app switching and closure couldn't be easier, and the message hub is really awesome. This phone to me represents a true culmination of multiple UI approaches, and as a result it made me feel like my wife's iPhone was more of a toy in comparison. Don't get me wrong, I like the iPhone very much and was leaning in the direction of a 5S until I saw the Z10, I just feel like the Z10 is more down to doing what I want a phone to do.The only regret I have is there aren't more apps on the BlackBerry store, but that has nothing to do with the phone. I have 0 regrets with the phone and am still showing it off to anyone who is interested.

Z10 needs to be held in order to see the difference between BB and any other devices. (Apple comes in 2nd but only because due to it's glass and metal body weighing it down) Z10 is excellent, and the only thing I complained about Z10 during the period I owned it was the size. It seemed a bit too narrow for us power users, coming from 9700 and now using 9900, I felt cramped trying to hold it and type it with two hands. I believe the upcoming Z30 will address this issue.  I will not go into detail of what is great about this phone, it has been said in other reviews, it's really an excellent device overall.The other problem was the bandwidth, if you are traveling and using this phone with roaming data, be prepared to pay ten-folds of what you paid with BES on OS 7.1 device. I used over 2 GB in 2 weeks while I barely go over 300MB with my existing plan on AT&T;, and this is when I stream music, when I don't I am not over 100mb/mo. This is invaluable to those who travel. Sadly BB10 eliminated BES completely and due to this it is causing a bit headache.. If you do not care about that or don't travel much, then that's fine. You can always use wifi or bring your OS7 device when you travel. This is not any worse than any other platform.If anyone is considering a BB10 device and coming from Apple or Android or WM, I think they are in for a very pleasant surprise, it is an excellent device with great features right out of the box. If you are an app junkie, then stick to Apple or Android, because you won't even find Google Maps running on BB10 (at least not natively, but in about 2 minutes you can side-load the Android version). While you can side-load almost any android application to BB, it is a matter of compatibility and full functionality because it won't run "native" this means if there are submenus/pages/etc you won't be able to use the swipe gesture to navigate, etc.. But it still runs unless it is a very complicated app that requires camera, microphone, storage, etc all free to the app. Coming from OS 7.1, I don't think 10.0 or 10.1 will satisfy most power users, you will run back to your older BB device. Hoping that 10.3 fixes the BBOS, making Z10, Z30 or Q10 all great devices, I am sticking with BB.There are major shortcomings with the new Blackberry email platform, which relies on Active Sync instead of BES or BIS, actively making BB just another Android with a better "email app", but it still does not solve very severe issues that AS brings with it. I did not use 10.2, so I cannot comment if the new release will fix it when it finally gets deployed but when you receive an e-mail and reply to the e-mail on your BB, you do not get a "replied" indicator on your Exchange server, so exchange server does not reflect that on your Desktop. When you finally get to work and an all your emails are synced with Exchange server, you get bunch of e-mails, they all have been read, but you can't tell which ones you replied to.. Obviously Exchange and Outlook can tell you replied when you hit "Reply" and it tells you you are not responding to the latest in the thread, but it is missing the "replied indicator" that little arrow.Another issue is, if anyone is like me in a business environment, we rely on carrying all our contacts with us, and within contacts we have groups/categories. Some may categorize customers, competitors, personal, territory, etc.. even Custom categories. Sadly BB10 does not support categories within contacts, not only that, it goes so far that it removes your categories when you edit a contact. Basically it removes ALL fields from your contact and send back only the fields supported by BB/ActiveSync. Now, I understand this is not BB's fault, and I saw the same thing when I used TouchDown on Nexus, but at least it was able to gray-out the fields that were not editable but still displayed them. BB and MS needs to fix this.Sadly, BB10 does not offer charging terminals at the bottom of the phone, so you cannot use a charging pod anymore, I wished they focused on wireless charging when they removed the terminals.For more you can check Blackberry N.A Official Support Forums' 500 page topic with a list of hundreds of features missing from BB10 that was available in BB7.1 and earlier (still, non of them are available in iOS or Android anyway), but as a final point, I would like to say that BB10 is a great device and people who use their phone for daily work and do not need advance functionality should go with Blackberry, because it just runs and gets the work done very fast, not as fast as OS7, but a whole lot faster than any other platform out there. And it is very user friendly, especially power user friendly.

Piece of expensive junk.Virtual keyboard driving me insane. Ended up turning off all spelling assistance and predictive "features" after texts became DYAC fodder and emails almost got me fired. Still takes 3-4 edits to unfrack all the typos due to the amount of real-estate given to each key - no dead space between keys so slightest bit off center hits adjacent keys (in any direction)Incredibly irritating: no way to copy/paste between apps. Once you start to compose an email, the keyboard takes over and refuses to go away. Almost put this POS phone through a wall in frustration.Non-existent battery life: Z10's LS1 battery barely lasts 12hrs under same activity load that my Bold 9700 handled for 48hrs.Negligible app support. No Pandora. No Skype. Z10 apps demand complete access to your personal data, location data, and turn on ads at their discretion. GPS app randomly shut down or froze while navigating suburban midwest highways. That work/play balance feature to separate work from personal info? not found on my Z10.Less customization for ringtones and other features, like vibrates and flashes compared to BB6 or 7. No intuitively simple way to turn off music player so it doesn't automatically launch on Bluetooth connection and suck battery dry. Email and social network passwords keep randomly dropping out, requiring complete reset of account - and each element of an account (email, calendar, contacts) requires entering password for each element. Doesn't integrate with v6 or v7 Blackberry Desktop Manager, uses new BBRY Desktop Link.Comes with a stock set of earbuds/mike: using these earbuds makes calls sound like they are routed through a sewer pipeBottom line: If your hands take gloves bigger than size Small, you're probably better off waiting for the Q10

I'm so impressed with this phone. Love the operating system with the peak message feature. There's way more apps than I was expecting and all the apps I love are available. Screen resolution is better than my old Iphone. I'm so glad I switched back to blackberry!

This At&t Blackberry Z10 was an amazing deal. I had been on the prowl waiting for the affordable deal with At&t. However I found this deal thru Amazon - of all places.  I kept my old Blackberry Bold 9900 no need to trade in and I was still able to get half off of the At&t direct deal. Not really to my surprise ( I had read all the review Z10 ) this is an excellent smart phone and so easy to use. Buy it, you won't regret it - especially if you are already a Blackberry fan.

I have been a Blackberry user for the past 4 years or so. Over the years, Android and IOS have grown in stature and left Blackberry far behind. I decided to stay faithful to the brand and I am so happy that I did.For the last 6 - 7 months, I used a GS3 (company issued phone) in addition to my personal Bold 9900 and on occasion, I found myself picking up the S3 instead of the BB for browsing, social media and maps. The larger screen just made these experiences more pleasant.After months of waiting for the US release, I picked up my Z10 at the AT&T; store and I am absolutely in love with this phone. It is difficult to put into words just how buttery smooth the OS is in comparison to IOS and Android.The peek feature that I kept hearing about I thought would just be a gimmick. However, it is something I find myself using every time I pick up the phone. The experiences just quite simply "flows". The Hub is also any excellent feature which I am growing to love more and more. Being able to access all my messages in one central location by a simple gesture without having to go in and out of separate applications is a massive time saver and extremely convenient.Next up, we have the display. The display on the Z10 is nothing short of gorgeous. I have always been impressed with the display produced by the Iphone 5. Ladies and Gentlemen, the display on this phone is just as good if not better than the beautiful iphone 5 retina displayLastly, we have the keyboard. As I mentioned, I previously used the bold 9900 which is a physical keyboard. I worried about having to use a software keyboard full time considering the fact that I hated the keyboard on the GS3. The keyboard on the Z10 is just plain awesome. The word suggestions are extremely accurate and unlike anything I have seen on any other software keyboard. I believe this keyboard is as good as a software keyboard can get.The only drawback so far is the app support. There are a few key apps missing, However, I am sure with time they will all grace Blackberry world. In the mean time, the browser is so good that it can be used in place of the few missing apps.Overall, this is an excellent phone and one where you really have to use it to see its true power and potential. Blackberry is definitely back. BB10 is a true winner.

First, the bad:1. When I received my Z10, there was no new SIM card with the phone. I called up AT&T;, and they said that I didn't get a new SIM card because I was supposed to take the SIM card out of my BlackBerry Torch and put it in my new Z10. When I told them that my old SIM card was too large for the new phone, the phone rep said, "Oh, yeah, we hear that all the time". So, I asked the obligatory question as to why they don't fix the problem they are fully aware of by sending along a new SIM card to account-holders like me, and of course, she seemed puzzled that I would even ask that question. She then explained to me that I would have to get in my car and go to an Authorized AT&T; Retail Center (not a reseller, which are everywhere) and they would give me a new SIM card. Sigh.2. After getting a free SIM card, I set up everything myself, and it was easy. The transfer of everything was easy after I downloaded BlackBerry Link, setting up my 10 email accounts was easy, etc. However, immediate problem, I could only receive email - I couldn't send it. This was on all my accounts, not just a couple of those, and was on both POP3 and IMAP accounts. So, I went online, and quickly found out that a software update for my Z10 put out months ago was a fix for this problem. The Link software I had just downloaded was supposed to show me if my phone needed an update, but, it didn't. So, I went to the BlackBerry site, found the update, downloaded it, installed, and everything works perfectly now. But, once again, the question begs itself: Why was I shipped a phone one week ago that didn't have the update from MONTHS ago already installed? I guess these Z10 phones have been sitting in the warehouse for quite awhile. I guess that's why I only paid 1 cent for it from Amazon...3. If you loved having Google Maps on your previous BlackBerry (as I did), it is now gone. I downloaded a Google Maps application from BlackBerry that is made by a developer, not Google, and it works just fine. It costs $1.99, and is worth every penny.Now, the good:I love this phone in every way. The teething problems (problems that AT&T; and BlackBerry caused through inattention to their customer's needs) were a huge pain, and were making me very unhappy, but once I got it set up, this is a wonderful OS, and the phone itself is a very nice piece of hardware. I use an iPhone, which I dislike, and a new Samsung with the Android OS, which I like very much, and now I just want to use this Z10 all the time. This is a better phone and has a better OS. There is no point im reiterating all the good things said in these other positive reviews, point by point, so I won't. The summing up is this; I am pretty savvy in terms of smartphone technology and hardware, and I think this is the best phone on the market. Yup - my opinion, doesn't mean it's true for everyone, but it is definitely now my point of view.

This phone was exactly what I want and more. Blackberry has really steeped up there game with the release of this phone.

UPDATE MAY 29, 2013:just want to let you guys know that i LOVE THIS PHONE more today than the first day i bought it.  its just an incredible powerhouse.  typing is no longer a frustrating experience (unlike with the iphone), and its made my life a million times better. being able to be in one app, then quickly swipe to see the message i just received is an unbelievable GIFT.  i dont miss ANY apps and have been able to sideload all of my favorites.  BlackBerry is the best OS out there, and so excited to see what else they come up with.  brilliant phone and brilliant people behind this OS.============FINALLY, FINALLY im back on a blackberry!!!!  its been years since my BOLD9000, and throughout those years, ive always wanted to come back.  lack of app development during the app craze caused me to change to an iphone years ago, but even then i missed my blackberry.  there is no other device on this planet that GETS it when it comes to typing messages.  none.when i first bought it, i was blown away by the OS.  it just makes SENSE.  its flawless.  i always told myself id hold out for the qwerty Q10, but i just couldnt resist, so i caved in and bought the Z10.  the keyboard is BEYOND lightyears from iphone.  i have always HATED typing on that iphone and it never changed.  in fact, nothing ever really changed on the iphone, except for the APP community.  take that away, and what do you have?  nothing.  fancy ads, fancy marketing fooling you into buying a product that is literally obsolete when they upgrade models, forcing you to spend MORE money on connector cables etc.  such BS.  and this is coming from someone who is an apple freak.. my work environment is mac, at home im mac.i will say, the apps for the Z10 are not all there yet, but i know theyre coming.  this for sure is a huge gamechanger phone for blackberry and im glad to hell theyre back.  Thorsten Heins is my hero.  theyve done an amazing job rebuilding the OS that it was worth the wait.YOU WILL NOT REGRET BUYING THIS PHONE.  super fast, the gestures are just so brilliant and make me realize how advanced it really is compared to all the other phones in the market.  if, however, you live your life on apps and have no patience for development time, or the latest fad software to secure your phone, then i suggest you keep your iphone instead.gmail, icloud mail, exchange mail all set up on my phone, come INSTANTLY.  no foolish waiting 15mins for the manual push like the iphone.  AND MOST IMPORTANTLY, the LOVELY MESSAGE LIGHT when you get a message! its still there!  the blinking red goodness blackberry invented that i have ALWAYS MISSED when i left their phones!and lastly, THE EXPANDABLE micro SD compartment.  you can use the 64GB micro SD card for more storage.  iphone..can you?  nope.BLACKBERRY IS BACK and i couldnt be happier.

Would never recommend this (or any other Blackberry product) to a friend.  Let me explain.  I had a Blackberry a few years ago and I hated it.  So did most Blackberry users.  Then I switched to an HTC EVO 4GLTE.  Wow!  What a difference.  User friendly, all the whistles and bells, loved it.  So easy to use and intuitive.  My daughter had the same phone and loved it as well but had dropped it so we decided after two years to upgrade.  Of course in two plus years there were tech advances and a whole bunch of new phones.  And Blackberry, by all accounts, had turned things around and developed a whole new and improved system.  I was torn between an LG G2 and the Blackberry Z10 available through AT&T.  Finally chose the Z10 (against my daughters advice I might add).  If the new &#34;10&#34; system is touted to be so great I should be very happy, right?  Wrong.  First off, it comes with no manual and what is available doesn't cover many of the features so you have to spend time on the internet and with support to figure out how some of the really important things work.  Then, operation is NOT intuitive or user friendly.  So many taps and swipes to accomplish what others do with a simple tap.  Lots of wasted operations.  (Note that long time Blackberry users love their phones - ignorance truly is bliss!)  One thing I really liked about the HTC was the &#34;fixed&#34; home page, where my most used icons plus weather, time and battery monitor were fixed in place.  Not so with the Z10 - their home page is a dynamic thing where you never know what's going to show up (HTC had something similar as a separate screen that showed open apps).  Now for the real downer.  I don't get a lot of phone calls on my cell but within a few days there were four or five and when I answered there was silence.  Must have been dropped or hung up (I had Sprint before!!)  Found out that there was no volume for hearing a caller or even my voicemail.  Not an AT&T problem - it's a problem with the phone.  Not just mine but found several on the internet with the same problem.  Think about it - a phone that can't be used as a phone.  After a long support session AT&T is going to credit me with the exchange fee and I'm dumping the Blackberry for something that is user friendly, intuitive, technologically up to date and that I can also use as a phone!

the app store is really lacking. I decided to try the blackberry after many years of iPhones. I really do like the phone and it works really well and easy to navigate. If you are a long time iPhone user you will be disapointed with the app store. I don't play a whole lot of games so I don't know about that part but for productivity, news, sports, local news apps it is really lacking. I do think I will be using by buyer's remorse and sending it back to return to iPhone.

I've been an iPhone user from the very first day they were available, but I have never enjoyed typing on them.  As you can tell from any message you receive with the "sent from my iPhone" tag line, the process is incredibly error prone.  If writing on your phone is important to you, then you must try the Z10.The keyboard is a software triumph.As you start to type, the Z10 guesses what the most likely words will be that you want next and places them above the key for the next letter in each of those words.So for instance if you were entering the previous sentence, when you type "a" the words that appear are "as" above the "s", "are" above the "r", "also" above the "l" and "and" above the "n".  To select a word you just flip the key with the word above it with a short upward swipe, and the word goes into the display with a trailing space.  The process is made simple by the fact that if it has guessed the correct word, then that word will be above the next key that you plan to press, so you don't have to hunt for the word, it is right where you are looking.  Going back to our sentence, the next word we want is "you" and the Z10 has that ready for us above the "y", so one swipe gets us that word.  Now we want "start" so we touch "s", and find above the "t" the word "still" so we just touch "t" without swiping, and lo and behold above the "a" we have "start", and a single swipe gets us that word.When you have finished the sentence you will have done only 91 keystrokes for 165 characters, and almost certainly you have no mistakes!You have to try it to see how good it is and how it transforms the chore of entering text on a touch screen.  If you are holding off, waiting for the Blackberry with the physical keyboard, you should take a look at the Z10.  You may find that you decide not to wait after all.  I used to avoid sending emails from my iPhone unless I really had to, preferring to wait to get to my laptop.  I have no reservations about doing e-mails on the Z10.This review is really about the keyboard, but I can't finish it without saying how good the rest of the interface is.  It may take a few minutes to get the hang of the swipe gestures, but once you do, it is a joy to use, much more intuitive than the iPhone.  The interface is responsive and a great help to being productive.I have only given the phone four stars, because there are clearly things that it isn't so good at, or doesn't have yet, such as Bejeweled!  But this is only the first release of the software (actually there has been one minor upgrade already) and I am sure that features will be added just as they have been for the iPhone, and games and other third party software will be developed as the number of Z10s out there increases.If you are all about content consumption (movies, music, etc) and are wedded to iTunes and the Apple brand, then the reasons for you to switch are few, but if your work demands that the major function for your phone (other than actually being a phone, which the Z10 seems to perform admirably at) is as a mobile e-mail machine, then you owe it to yourself and to your productivity to seriously look at the Z10.

The Hub has been around in BlackBerry for several years, and now it has undergone a modern facelift. All-in-all, the apps are no different than iOS or Android, but if you want a phone with which you can quickly switch apps, quickly view your messages (without really leaving an app), then this phone is for you.

THE BEST OS since Webos and in my opinion, it is leagues above both iOS and android. Not only is the build of this phone AMAZING, the OS is intuitive and has the best qwerty software keyboard available. I can type 90 wpm on this and on iPhone I typed maybe 40wpm at most. To top it off, this phone comes with native security for your data. BBM is secure on Blackberry unlike iOS and android. This phone can also play/use ANY android app. This boosts the applications from hundreds like it was at launch to THOUSANDS! If you've tried iOS and want more, BUY this phone. If you're sick of android like me, THEN BUY THIS PHONE. You won't regret it, not only is it the most secure platform, it is also the BEST. Email is just as fast as texting or BBM. I have NEVER had email so quick, Blackberry RULES! (and this is my FIRST Blackberry)Only part that is lackluster to this phone was the charger, my charger was not built very well and has been deteriorating since I started using it. Just buy an extra and keep going if this happens to you.Again, BEST PHONE I've owned my whole life. Even without service I carry this phone with me everywhere. Why?? because it makes the perfect handheld &#34;tablet&#34; It handles all my email accounts and I can still chat via wifi (both video and BBM)

I have used an Apple iPhone 4s and a Samsung Galaxy Note; the BlackBerry Z10 is the smartphone I prefer. The Z10 is not about hardware specifications but a user interface that allows you get things done easier and faster.If you want a smartphone for productivity and communications, the Z10 should be your first choice. The "Hub" gathers all your e-mails, messages and notifications (including Calls, Visual Voice Mail, BBM, Facebook and Twitter) into a central location and one can easily "Flow" in an out of the "Hub" without having to exit applications. Responding to e-mails and messages is also facilitated by a keyboard having powerful predictive and adaptive features. It is the best touch keyboard I have tried.In addition, the body design is excellent; it was awarded the Red Dot Award for Product Design 2013. Moreover, the build quality is the best that I have seen in a BlackBerry since the Curve 8300.A five-star rating does not mean that the Z10 is perfect but that I consider it to be best smartphone currently available for the business use I am giving it.

OS is great but needs further developmentRIM made a huge mistake removing the track pad and hard answer/hang-up buttons.Screen is nice too but could be a bit bigger in the same enclosure.Key bird works well.Functionally, it is streets ahead of an iPhone

I have been using the z10 for 3 days now, and I could not be happier :) It's smooth, fast, the display is phenomenal and it actually has all the apps I regularly use.Many people have complained in the past about the lack of app support on BlackBerry... As of today I already have many of these apps on my Z10 including: Netflix, Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Google Maps, UFC.tv, OpenTable, theScore, Ebay, PayPal, Pacemaker, NHL Gamecenter, IM+ Pro, Splashtop Remote Desktop and Eventseekr.Also some great games such as: Angry Birds, Wheres my water?, Jetpack Joyride, Run in Crowd, Lets Golf 3, Doodle God, N.O.V.A. 3, Asphalt 7, Great Big War Game and Need for Speed Undercover.The new feature, called "hub", makes checking and responding to messages a breeze. I have never found it so simple to keep my emails, texts, facebook messages and instant chats organized.Having used ios and sndroid, I can honestly say that I believe BlackBerry is on to something with their new operating system. It is so user friendly and intuitive, as others have said, I find myself "swiping" on ipads.Another great feature is the keyboard. It is ultra-smooth and adapts and learns words that you regularly use. Don't believe me? Google "octopus keyboard". Its essentially a direct copy of the new BB keyboard available for apples ios. The only touchscreen keyboard that even comes close is the 3rd party keyboard called swype on android.If you are in the market for a new phone, and value security, stability and quality... I highly recommend a trip to your local smartphone retailer to check out the new BlackBerry 10 operating system on the all-new BlackBerry Z10.

I was Blackberry power user and went on to try various platforms like Iphone 4S/5, Galaxy Nexus and S3 while Blackberry was in transition to BB10. Al-tough the competing platforms were eye candy but a huge a let down when it comes to productivity - namely email (unified inbox), key boards, notifications, multi-tasking and finer nitty gritties that Blackberry is known for (example : bedside mode, message compression, attach photos in email with lowered resolution on the fly, exceptional reception, security etc). Last 2 years for me was painfull since I have been patiently waiting for BB10 that has the eye-candyness of other platforms combined with productivity features of good-ole Blackberries. Here comes the release and BB10 doesn't disappoint.The size, weight and tactile feel of the BlackBerry Z10 is a win for BlackBerry's designers and in an era where every smartphone vendor seems to be going towards bigger and bigger screens in an attempt to provide differentiation, the Z10 is perfect for single-handed use.The Z10 seemed to me to offer up crisper images than the other S3 and Iphone 5. Maybe that is because the Z10 tops the other two at 356 pixels per inch (ppi), compared to 306 ppi for the Galaxy S III and 326 ppi for the iPhone 5.Z10 has an 8-megapixel rear camera; however, the Z10 boasts a 2-megapixel front-facing camera , while the iPhone 5's camera is rated at 1.2 megapixels and the Galaxy S III's at 1.9 megapixels. All three have fast processors, with both the Z10 and Galaxy S III running the 1.5GHz dual-core Qualcomm Snapdragon S4. The iPhone 5 runs the Apple A6 processor. All three support LTE and up to 802.11n Wi-Fi.The Z10 offers NFC for file sharing and mobile payments, something the Galaxy S III also includes (but not the iPhone 5).BlackBerry Z10 is more than a piece of hardware - it has BB10 operating system that offers various services that add value to the overall user experience. Some of the cool Z10 features by BlackBerry are Story Maker, Remember, Balance, Hub and voice control and we would like to take a moment to discuss them as they add to the overall experience tremendously.The Hub acts as the single point for you to check all your updates, like new Facebook notifications, tweets, emails, LinkedIn messages, SMSs etc. If you want to open it, you just have to keep swiping towards the left of the screen till you cross the first menu page and task switcher. It is very easy to navigate and gives you options like posting new messages, emails and social network updates, depending on the service you are working on in the Hub.BlackBerry Balance is a feature aimed at corporate users who want to keep their work and personal lives separate - on their phone. It allows users to store apps and data on two distinct profiles - Work and Personal. Users can easily switch between the two profiles and users who bring their device to office can easily format the Work profile when they switch jobs without having to change any setting in the personal one.Call Quality is exceptionally good with HD voice and reception is better than Iphone 5 or Galaxy S3. Battery has improved by 30% after the first OS update (it better than S3 and more or less same as Iphone 5)The phone and OS looks much better in person than in photos or videos. Check it out at your local store and you won't be disappointed.

I bought the Z10 and love it.  The keyboard is amazing, I was trying to hold out for the physical keyboard but gave in and bought the Z10.  I think this keyboard may be better than a hard keyboard.  The hub is amazing... like the peek feature...  and like that i dont have to go in and out of applications... it is a perfect size and weight.  I message alot and found my note 2 too bulky for this.  It is much better than the S3 I had for ease of messaging...

I was holding on to my bold 9900 waiting for the Q10 when I won a Z10 (yes, I really won a sweepstakes and received a free phone from AT&T;) and I have been using it for about 2 weeks now. The OS is amazing. I am used to gestures from my PlayBook.  The speed of the phone coupled with the browser makes for a great online experience. The display is better than most HD tvs. I am not a fan of all touch screen, but the z has almost made me think twice. Flick texts are mind blowing fast. But, I miss my keyboard, and I will be getting the Q10 ASAP. In the end, BB10 is the best platform available, and it will dominate mobile computing. I recommend z10 to I phone and DROID users who are not sheep. BB10 will only get better.Update (7/21/13): I never thought I would every say this in a million years, but I kind of miss my z10. I preordered the q10 and got it on june 20th, and it has been everything I imagined, plus some, but something in me misses the z10.  Before I was 100% against all-touch device b/c of the terrible input with text/email composing, however the z10's flick texting is bar none the best keyboard on the market- -- it even keeps marks with the q10 physical keyboard because what it lacks in feel, it makes up for in function by actually previewing what you are going to want to type. It is truly amazing, and I actually miss it. However, I am not going back because in the end, the q10 does everything the z10 does in about 60% of the size, and for me that is the determining factor; I have to be able to comfortably carry my phone in my front pants pocket otherwise its not the right phone for me. Great job to BB for putting out two devices that are equally amazing, and that make it hard just to decide which one to make your own.p.s. If you own a Q10, the OEM BB soft-shell cover is very nice and only $10 from crackberry.

This is my fourth BB in six years and have always been happy with them, they're very tough and work very well.  Now the Q10 I just don't understand...it's like they did a 180 after they made this phone.

The Z10 has the best keyboard (fastest and most accurate typing) and the most advanced messaging and notification system. If you value a phone for these qualities look no further. If you are all about the apps be warned that the Z10 and the software are new so some popular apps have yet to arrive. This should change overtime but not right away. Me personally, this is the only phone and OS I will use.

This phone is all about gestures and it even does not have have a home button. But that makes it really easy to manage all the open and minimized apps as you will see them sitting on the home screen unless you close them. Blackberry hub is a nice feature and saves a lot of time in browsing through different modes of communications since everything, your calls, sms, mails, vms can be viewed anytime just by sliding the screen to the right.

I love this phone.  Its really not as bad as some reviewers make it out to be.  The one thing you cannot do is run too many apps at the same time as that eats up the battery power.  Other than that, this phone is quite efficient and top quality.

I planned to upgrade to the Z10 and wish I could keep it. Although the phone is nice, I had to return it.When I installed Blackberry Link onto my laptop, I was shocked to find out that my default browser Firefox v22.0 no longer works afterwards. Firefox cannot open any web page until I uninstalled Link. My Lenovo laptop runs Vista, 4GB RAM with ample disk space. So for potential customers of Blackberry 10 using Firefox on their PC, you need to install Link first and see if that creates any compatibility issues with your existing software products.I am disappointed that Blackberry did not do a thorough system test on Link. Hopefully, Blackberry will see this review and do something about it.Update Aug-4, 2013: I found out today that when I installed Blackberry Link, it also uninstalled my HP Office Jet without my knowledge. I had to print some luggage tags and realized I no longer have a printer installed. I posted on Firefox support forum the incompatibility issue  with Link, and although other members tried to help, so far there is no workaround solution.

I love the Hub!! It is really great to have all of your messages in one place. I think the battery life could be a little longer.

I bougth The Z10 a month ago and the diference its amazing, this smartphone is much better than S3 or S3 mini I know It because my wife and my daugther has both, the battery, the screen, apps, design are better in Z10 than Samsung smartphones. I'm very happy with my new BB

Purchased this as a replacement for an older Blackberry.  Took me a while to adjust, but now REALLY like it!  The Z10 is larger than my old phone, so takes up more room, but features are much improved over my previous  other BB.

I have used a HTC, iphone, samsung, and a BB over the last few years and I can easily say that the BB z10 has my vote.Pro- The sliding gestures are just FUN! EASY! FAST!-Onscreen keyboard is amazing, especially with the word guessing/flick feature!- Battery has lasted over 18-19 hrs on decent amount of usage. (no games, but on lte and wifi).- Apps (its a brand new system... give it a little time to get going). No other company had as big a library when they started.-Camera (Time shift feature is a blast to play with)- Look and feel (Feels solid and perfect fit in your hands)-HDMI connection-Ill add more as I discover/remember all the new features!Cons- This phone cant be abused like some other phones, screen isnt as strong to survive severe drops on concrete.- I would have preferred a larger battery-As an att customer I preferred the white z10, but was okay with the black one.Overall it is worth giving a fair shot. Dont let biased blogs sway you (goes both ways).

let me start by saying I've had a htc one x+, iphone 4S & 5, motorola atrix hd, & htc one x in the last yr.  Before these was a blackbery torch.  I "thought" I needed something different, more apps, flashy like others.  So as you can see I spent quite a bit of money on these phones and their accessories.  I just got the Z10 last week and couldn't be happier.  And you know what?  I've only downloaded about 5 apps and I don't even use those on a regular basis.  The Z10 is super smooth in all aspects.  I bought a case for it and a extra battery and loaded up my micro sd card.  The HUB is pretty cool.  All emails, msgs, ph calls in one spot.  A very high quality piece of machinery if you ask me.  I really hope Blackberry recovers.  THEY make great products.  No they don't have a million apps, but how many apps have you downloaded on your iphone or android and then delete later because you don't use them (I know I did).  Haven't tried or used everything on it yet but I have faith it'll work just fine.

I have two phone lines (business and personal) and I recently bought the Z10 for my personal line and kept my Iphone for business. The Z10 has exceeded my expectations. It has the best OS and Browser of any phone on the market. Also the keyboard is the best keyboard I've ever used on a touch screen phone. Overall I'm very happy with my purchase so far.

It's a great phone, a new beginning for Blackberry, the Hub is incredible multitask funtion, you got familiar easy .

I can say I am very pleased with my purchase of the blackberry Z10. I have been an Iphone user since 2008(3g,3gs,4,4s,5) and I can say i am loving the change.Pros: Battery life (and replaceable), 16Gb internal memory and slot for an additional 64Gb, better signal, multitasking, TEXTING, screen size, light in weight, internet flash player,HubCons:Speaker could be a tad bit louder, and the apps.The apps are not there yet still missing a few like google calendar, foodspotting, etc. this is more of an OS issue so i cant blame the phone for it but the OS. Hope they some key ones in the market. As for games, of course it does not compare to the database of the apple store. I will have to say i will use my iPad to play games =).

There is no amazing technology like the new Nokias, no impressive looks like the Apple iPhone, this is just a so so phone with a nothing special OS for a lot of money....

I am a long time Iphone user (3G, 4GS, 5) and a brief galaxy S3 user.  I was very pleased with the performance of both of these phones but there hasn't been a whole lot change in either OS for the last few years.  Yes, they have both added useful new features and upgraded the hardware but at the end of the day it has been the exact same user experience for the last 5 years and I am ready for a change. When the Z10 was released I didn't expect much in the way of performance or innovation because I have used the Torch and Storm and absolutely hated them both.  One of my best friends had recently purchased the Z10 and said it was the best phone they have used so I decided to check it out at the store.Within 5 minutes of navigating the phone I realized that Blackberry had created something truly amazing and nothing like its previous attempts at a full touch screen device.  Ok enough stories, I will give you 3 reasons that makes me believe this is the best phone currently on the Market.1.  SPEED - I have used dozens of phones and the Z10 is hands down the fastest operating system I have ever used as well as the fastest mobile browser by far that I have ever seen.  There is no home button and navigation is performed exclusively through gestures making navigation between apps, messages, running programs seamless.  As well it is the only phone that offers true multi-tasking, all of the programs that are running remain running in the background even if you switch to another app.2. User Interface - The completely new operating system Blackberry 10 is what really sets this phone apart from the others.  The introduction of the blackberry HUB is genius! all of your Calls, email, texts, BBMs, Facebook messages, tweets,etc all come to one screen known as the HUB and you can reply to any messages directly from the hub without having to open your email program, facebook, BBM, etc.  This saves loads of time navigating in and out of Apps just to check/send a couple of messages.  If you receive a message and you happen to be reading a web page or writing a text you don't have to switch screens to read what it says, all you have to do is swipe to the right and you can "peek" into your hub and see what the message says and who its from instead of getting an annoying popup message that you have to acknowledge before continuing what you are doing.3. Connectivity - I use several different devices daily (laptop, desktop, Phone, smart Tv) and I have always had issues (especially with Apple products) playing media from my laptop or desktop on my phone and other devices. First of all with the Z10 there is no proprietary software required to add media or copy it to another device, I can connect it to any computer and add or remove anything I want without any special software.  The phone can also connect via WIFI to any computer or TV in my house so I can add or play movies, music, documents, etc. with the phone in my pocket or anywhere else in the house for that matter.  This has saved me hours of messing around with Itunes and other apps just to get a couple of songs on my phone before work. It's easy now I just drag and drop any file and it's on my phone, even if my phone is in my car in the garage.  The same goes for playing media, my bluray player and TV are both connected to the home network and I can play anything that's on my phone on my TV or stereo by simply selecting my Z10 and then selecting the song or movie that I want, and the best part is you don't have to plug your phone into anything, technically you don't even have to know where your phone is as long as it is in your house and connected to WIFI.I could go on and on about how this phone is superior to the other phones on the market but the only way to truly know for yourself would be to put one in your hand.  I have owned the phone for just over 2 months and I absolutely love it, and would recommend it to anyone whose main use for the phone would be calling, messaging, internet, and multimedia viewing/transferring because it does these things better than any other phone I've ever used.  If this is Blackberry's first attempt at a true smartphone then I can't wait to see what is next because this phone is Brilliant!

this is not particularly user friendly especially for some one who has never used a smart phone.  came real close to returning it.

I really am enjoying this phone.  It's responsive, very crisp picture, and the browser is very good.  Hub is great.  It's a shame people a lot of people didn't give this phone a try, it's on par with the upper level androids, iphones, and WPs, and I got it for a penny.  Much better than the entry and mid-level phones in the other brands, but I guess BB didn't do a good job marketing.

my iPhone fan wife typed on this on was hoopin and hollerin about how cool it was&#34;this phone knows what I'm thinking&#34; - she saidi love how I can check my email fast and from anywhere.  i love the slick little touches on things like bedside mode, transition animations, native integration with things like linkedin, facebook, twitter, evernotereally, there is nothing to dislike about the phone.  i wish i had more friends with blackberry's so i could take advantage of the cool BBM features like voice chat, video chat (aka facetime on BB), screen share, bbm groups and channels, etcthe app support on BBWorld is fine by me.  I was surprised to see that there was no official Pandora client, but there is one that works just the same.  I also realized I rarely use pandora on my phone now that I don't have a job where I can listen to music all day, so it wasn't a loss.  there is a decently easy approach to pulling things from the Android app catalog, so missing apps like instagram, pinterest, etc are not too far of if you really really need them.  i don't, but you mightoverall, the Z10 is probably the best phone i ever used.  i used to covet my wife's iPhone 4S...now everytime I pick her's up, I feel like it's small and old fashioned.  that will change soon I suppose, as even Apple is taking note and modernizing in a way that will make it a tad more similar to BB10 with it's upcoming iOS 7the z10 is the best phone on the market, IMHO, and it's a shame more people aren't giving it a chance.  I bought it for a penny on amazon, but i would pay $200 easy

I've been so impressed with this BB Z10! The more I use it and learn about it, the more I enjoy it!If you're already a  BB user and upgrading or if you're buying your first smart phone, I'd say give it a try!

I like Blackberry, but when Z10 came out , I could not wait to buy it. It fulfills my smartphone need.It is very flat, smooth, and elegant, very easy to manage. My son asks me to byu one for him!!!!. Ahhh!

The whole world has OS 10.2 but AT&T  can't find the means to provide an update to OS 10.1. AT&T sucks

Anyone who does not like this smart phone has not tried it! It beats all others on the market in features, quality, ease of operation (once you get familiar with it), and price. Highly recommended.

good screen in sunlight, with things i did such as heavy social networking, browsing, texting it was quick and snappy. also have a samsung gs4 and i5 and this one was better in everything except app selection

I bought Blackberry Z10 yesterday. I am not able to transfer my contacts from HTC Inspire HD to Z10. The documentation, [...]  just says copy the files between these devices not sure who made this doesn't he know that the folders structures will be different. When I got HTC inspire it was just a piece of cake to transfer the contacts. Also battery is draining very fast.  I will explore Z10 for next 10 days if I am not satisfied I will return this and say good bye to blackberry for ever.Went to at&t; store got transfered my contacts from previous phone to Blackberry z10.Note: If anybody from iPhone or Andriod wants to move to Blackberry z10 get it done in at&t; store they can do it easily & fast for free of cost.I feel that battery is draining fast.I am testing it out will update my review.My phone states it has latest software and I am still having issue with battery. I am still testing the battery.On a whole the phone is very ease to use and the gestures are awesome. I started liking the phone. The flow is awesome and it is very responsive. Looking at this I am increasing my rating.I have been using this phone for 3 months and here below are pros and consPROSVery ease to useHub is an excellent feature.Use to turn on/off bluetooth, WiFi. Single touch. No need to go for settings and changing.Web pages load very..very fast. Option to enable or disable flash settingsTyping a mail is most easiest thing on this phone.Battery is goodCONSNo basic apps (I consider Banking(BOA,Chase, etc apps) and news apps are basic). Its been 3 months no news about it.Free apps in iPhone/Andriod are paid apps in this phone, it really makes no value

To level set, I've had the device for 1 week.  My other phone is a Galaxy S4 and I've owned and used every iPhone and Nexus devices that has come out so far.So my thoughts on the Z10:- Build Quality:  Excellent with a nice understated executive look/feel to the device.  It feels fairly light, with the back cover material being soft touch with good grip.- Screen: Size is just about perfect (for me) for one handed use but still being big enough to enjoy the content.  Screen quality, resolution, and colors are all very good.- OS: REALLY good.  Fast, fluid, and intelligent.  Very easy to multitask, look at incoming messages, with a great search function that allows quick actions.  I really like not having "soft" navigation keys always present (like the S4) and much prefer the multitasking to iOS.- Apps:  Apps that are specifically built for BB10 are first rate and perform better than any other platform in my opinion.  Android ports (not side-load) from the BB World have all worked fine for me but I don't like the menu/navigation on them.  I've made it a point to buy/download apps that are identified as being built specifically for BB10 and those are very good.- App Selection:  Not as much of an issue as I though it would be.  There are so many excellent apps available that I don't really miss anything that I have on my S4 at the moment (this may change as I use it more).  Also, because I'm not defaulting to my normal apps it's making me look at alternatives that I am finding may be better.  This is very subjective and personal to my app tastes so take it with a grain of salt.- Camera:  Functionally the camera is very fast.  Takes pictures quickly with no lag.  Time-shift feature works as advertised and is very useful with kids.  Quality wise its not as good as my S4 or iPhone.  Indoor pictures so far have tended to be washed out and grainy but I also know that I'm not metering properly at the moment.  Over time I'll get used to where to spot meter for better results.  The built in editing features are excellent.- Battery Life:  Not great so far.  This one is hard to judge since I'm constantly fiddling with the device and trying out new apps/games.  I'm still finding my way around which apps/notifications kill the battery (even when its idle) so this one will take time to judge.  I will say that IT IS getting better as I normalize my use and it is not far off of a iPhone daily usage time at the moment (but not near my S4 or any Nexus I've had).- HDMI:  The HDMI connection to the TV is a very very good feature.  Being able to play games (kids love this) and browse the web when we need to look at things as a family has really been great.Overall I'm VERY impressed with this phone.  It just "feels" so much better to use than the other phones I've had.  Of course part of that is the fact that its brand new to me, so we will have to see how I feel after several months of use (when tech boredom/familiarity sets in).Too bad BlackBerry is having trouble moving these out the door and developers are not giving them the support.  It really is a great platform and communication device.  The new OS update (10.2) that is right around the corner will only make it better.  I'm really glad I got it.

Nice phone

The BlackBerry Z10 is an innovative entry by RIM to the current smartphone market. The clever BlackBerry Hub is worth its weight alone and puts e-mails, phone calls, texts and notifications all in one place for the user to view.  Having owned a BlackBerry Curve previously that was not only outdated but ceasing to function in its old age, I was primarily interested in e-mail, call quality and a browser.  Sure, it's nice to have some useful applications for the phone but the core of what I need is there, e.g. Facebook, LinkedIn, etc.  Frankly, I don't have the time to sit there, downloading useless phone apps that will only drain the battery more quickly. Now, about the phone:**************Thumbs up!!****************************-The BlackBerry Hub!!-The swipes/gestures took a little getting used to, but the process was manageable.  The software is intuitive and easy-to-use, once gotten used to.-The keyboard also takes getting used to. Basically, one has to type with the very tips of the fingers in order to make comprehensible words. At first, it took quite a while to complete one sentence, but I am now used to it.  I will profess that I did not initially care for going from a physical keyboard to a virtual one, once I had actually experienced the process with the latter.-Receivers of calls on the other end report that the quality is clear, however, I have not heard for myself.-Excellent dial-pad feature when manually dialing a number. The numbers were large, clear and easy-to-read. When ending a call, the phone dial-pad reappears, making it easy to do by simply pressing "End Call".-Excellent-sounding speaker (which I would not use, anyway). I finally had the chance to transfer music via BlackBerry Link and the sound quality of the speaker is very good.**************Thumbs down!!****************************-My initial experience with the "out-of-box" experience was not stellar.  The phone prompted me to download the version of the OS that had a built-in problem.  I could not open/read/send texts or open attachments. All well and good until I was told to re-apply the update via BlackBerry Link.  For a long while, I had a problem with installing the BlackBerry Link software on my laptop, until I could figure out how to get the laptop to install .NET Framework 4.0, which is required by BlackBerry Link.  I eventually solved that but the resolution of the problem and actual installation of BlackBerry Link took forever.-At times, the phone is overly sensitive and opens the camera or some other window on its own. I sometimes see the camera activated on the phone after setting it down and am just puzzled. I suppose that one has to be tremendously careful and handle the phone by the edges, lest one obliviously start snapping photos of the immediate vicinity.-The Hub periodically freezes and can't be scrolled through. A manual shutdown/restart of the phone is necessary.-At least once every few days, the Hub freezes on a Visual Voicemail and also forces a manual shutdown/restart of the phone. This is particularly annoying.-Reconciling between the phone and the mail servers is slow.-This phone is a battery "eater".  Without heavy usage and simply just incoming e-mails, the phone has to be charged daily.  Opening an app such as Facebook and leaving it an open state greatly accelerates the frequency  that the phone has to be charged. Same goes for the Weather icon, but to a lesser extent. I just leave them closed now and open them when I need to. Too much fuss and bother, otherwise. I had also read forum posts by other users about apps that drain the Z10's battery very rapidly.  Can't compare it to the iPhone or Galaxy, but I think it could be a weak point of the BlackBerry.-The Voice Assistant character appears by the "." period character on the virtual keyboard. While composing an e-mail, the Voice Assistant dialog box annoyingly popped up when accidentally touching the character/icon. Typing a "." period requires a dainty finger.Overall, this is a great phone. The BlackBerry Hub is an innovative feature that makes it worthwhile, despite the 1.5 months to straighten everything out and point things forward.Frankly, I don't need to spend countless hours, downloading useless apps....but the real question here is, can BlackBerry get a share of the app market for those that ARE seeking those enhancements?  Also, prices of this phone have plummeted.  Can BlackBerry stay in the competitive smartphone market for the long-term?

Blackberry user since 2006, Had the Pearls 8100, 8220, Bolds 9000, 9650, 9700, Bold Touch 9900... Was about to leave Blackberry (RIM) as much as i loved their QWERT keyboards until the Z10 arrived. Got it and i must say it's an amazing phone. Fast and user friendly. Many many apps and more of the most popular ones still to come aboard. It's a great great phone.

BB 10 OS is one of the best I've seen. Once you use the hub you will never want to go back to a different OS. That said, the phone itself has decent specs and is well built. It is a sleek looking device that will grab attention.Battery life is mediocre and can be a drawback to some. But overall, this phone is a must buy if communicating is very important to you.

I picked up a Z10 today and amazed so far by the amount of detail that went into the phone. I've been a Droid user for a few years and decided to switch because of the build quality and email functionality of the Z10. It remembers my writing patterns absolutely amazing. Also performed a test and its a bit faster than the iPhone in terms of everyday surfing and feathering between apps. I looked at many of the solid reviews of this phone and believe me it did not disappoint. People will be plenty surprised when using this phone it's on a higher scale than Droid and Apple for that matter. Highly recommend it.

I got my Z10 at my local Verizon store when my previous phone went bad. Beware: the folks at the store said that I would have to sacrifice being able to sync my calendar with Outlook with the new OS. They were WRONG! This capability is extremely important to me because I am never in the same place for too long in my job, and my schedule undergoes frequent changes. I did have some trouble making the connection with Outlook, but with my new phone I also received two weeks of free unlimited support. The young woman who helped me stayed with me for two hours and made sure that my problem was fixed. She even contacted Microsoft to find out why I was having problems. I have never encountered such helpful service in any phone company or manufacturer ever. I will be a Blackberry customer for life!

I just love the blackberry phones as for the z10 I have found it's performance to be great, as for the battery it last longer  than the torch which I own before upgrading to the Z10. Also love the camera which has a back and front view therefore I will recommend this phone.

bought this phone from 16615B dove canyon Rd, San diago store on April 30th, 2013. They had NO clue about the Z10 and how it operates or any changes that took place when compared to 9900 or 9300. OK, 1st phone was defective after the runaround by the store and T-mobile customer service. They changed my phone to another Z10 and $50.00 compensation for the poor service they provided. Next I received a call from T-mobile advising that my $20.00 plan to cover International email is no longer available for the Z10 AND T-mobile will be charging me $15/ MB??? so in this case, why do i need a blackberry? the reason why I carried Blackberry phone is because it saved me money when i received my emails while traveling internationally. In this case, the reason why i stayed with Black berry all these years, was because of such international Features. Now, IPHONE seems better to have considering that AT&T has better rate per MB and I can buy international plan for much less that t-moble. T-mobile customer service changed their word on this issue 4 times from one person to another and I still never received straight word on the true story regarding email. So, to make my life easier, i decided to return the phone (the customer service person at the above store actually wanted to charge me $50.00 restocking fee). Additionally, the sadly changing customer service at T-mobile (from good to terrible customer service), is another encouragement to move forward with Iphone and another provider once my contract expires. OH, this Z10, doesn't have WiFi calling like the BB 9900 i bought 18 months ago!!! Iphone 5 seems to be the choice now but again, Not through Tmobile.

The phone needs update before use.If you dont do the update you'll see the color of the screen kinda yellowish. I got2 z10s.One updated and one didnt update, so I can tell the difference.

I didn't think it could be this good, but it really is - this phone truly takes it to the next level.  Lightening fast, amazing screen, incredible keyboard (best touch screen keyboard on the market by far), with the ability to multi-task between applications and check your mail in the middle of an activity by using the intuitive peek and hub.  It is so easy to use and the hardware is incredible.  BlackbBerry is back!

I have the Red version for ATT, excellent device overall.The specs are not mind-blowing but enough to keep the phone running smooth, talking about smooth the Blackberry Z10 is currently running on their all new Blackberry 10 Platform rebuild-ed from ground up.Processor Speed: 1.5 GHz Qualcomm dual-core processorOS: BlackBerry 10Display 4.2-inch touchscreen with 1280 x 768 - pixel @ 356 PPI is just beautiful with the sleek design and button less on the front using only gestures to navigate by swiping the screen to unlock or change into the HUB.Now your asking what is the HUB?The HUB is where all your messages are located, I currently have 5 emails,twitter,facebook & linkedin all running in the hub. When i am in a app and get notification i can do a simple swipe to see the type of message/alert it was sent to me without living the current APP/Video.Blackberry 10 BBM is like BBM on Steroid. The BBM you never seen before. You can now do BBM voice Call, BBM Video call, or BBM share screen, Basically you get to connect to the other BBM user Phone and if they wanted to show you a call app or picture or anything.Now your thinking to yourself, all those feature above are really cool and neat but what about the keyboard? since blackberry is well known for their QWERTY Keyboards.Have no worry, Blackberry have put alot of time and effort into designing the keyboard on a touchscreen device to give you the best user experience. It learns your writing style and suggests words to help you type faster, if you were to type a few letter of a word it will complete the rest of the word and you can swipe up and it will appear in the text box.Now if you don't have time to type even with the best touchscreen keyboard every from blackberry. Their is always the Blackberry Voice Control, so many things you can do from opening apps, to sending a text message or searching for a local restaurant with voice control. All this with just holding one button to activate voice control.Now how can we forget about the Rear 8 MP Camera & 1080P Video recording. Comes with a cool time-shift camera mode helping you capture the perfect moment. After captureing perfect moment you can use the Blackberry Edit filters. HDMI included so you can connect to your TV device.16GB Storage is enough for a average user, If you store your whole Media collection , Music & Video you can expand up to 32gb memory total of 48GB total. I heard some people were able to run 64GB but only certain brands work. Max support is 32GB.All-in-All this is a powerful new Blackberry 10 OS platform has lots of new never before seen features. It may take a little time to get to know all the swiping gestures, The next thing you know you will be swiping away on everything that is touchscreen.** PS : The famous Blackberry LED is still their, don't worry. **Now buying a new phone you will need of course new Accessories.Its protects the back and sides still giving you access to your volume rocker controls and battery charging usb plugs. It also comes with Screen protector. The front of the case is slightly higher but won't be notice, its so you can put the device face downward if you ever needed to. Transform into a Stand.This is my work out caseBlackBerry ACC-49533-303 RIM Transform Shell for BlackBerry BB10 - Retail Packaging - RedThis case is also like the case mention above, transform into a stand for your phone so you can put it down without holding too long. This one does not com with a screen protector. It give you all around protector while still access all ports and control, The is hard case while the front flap contains magnetic to help preserve battery by dimming screen by closing it or when opening it will automatically turn on the screen.This is my work case i use.BlackBerry ACC-49284-302 RIM Flip Shell for BlackBerry BB10 - Retail Packaging - WhiteGives great protection while still able to view te LED notification. The back also can hold your credit cards and license when you don't feel like bringing your wallet, this is my weekend case.BlackBerry ACC49282101 Microfiber Pocket Z10 GreyNow if your always on travel business for me, this is a must have to get the extra battery life juice you need. Charge the phone without taking out the battery.BlackBerry ACC-50256-301 RIM Battery Charger Bundle for BlackBerry BB10 - Retail Packaging - Black

I love this phone.  It is built for business people, and functions flawlessly.  Easy access to Email, text, voicemail, retrieving files (via dropbox app) and a robust array of intuitive phone features are what matters the most to me and this phone kills it.  The incredibly seamless integration with Microsoft office (mail, mail folders, calendar and contacts) makes my life easy as all of these data bases are continually in sync and up to date, are all beautiful, and the option for FREE cloud back up for contacts doesn't hurt either.  The predictive type and auto correct you need to try to believe how cool it is.  I was expecting to convert to the Q10 with QWERTY key pad, but like the Z10's larger screen.  These business features alone would cause me to buy this phone; however, it also has a super fast browser, great camera and other toys to keep the professional occupied or in touch with friends.

Being an iphone user for 4 years I can tell you for sure that iphone 5 is no match to this. This is nothing like old blackberry...its a flawless and amazing phone. Keyboard is out of the world... Hub is amazing....Time shift camera is cool...browser is incredible fast...iphone 5 feels completely outdated...Z10 rocks !!!!

I ordered this phone after doing some extensive reviews. I went from the iphone 4, to the HTC Evo, to this one and I'll never look back!! It processes data very quickly, takes amazing pictures and I received it within 2 days of ordering it! Some people give this phone bad reviews due to the apps not being as extensive as such android and apple phones. Put it this way, if you want a phone to have fun with and mainly play games etc, sure, go with an iphone or an android. But if your in the market for something serious, more business like, and has great battery life, blackberry is the way to go. Not to mention, blackberry is known for having the best security. Rest assured that i am now a blackberry user for life. Good job BB with the O/S as well! Also be sure to look at the comparisons between BB Z10 and Apple iphone 5, you'll see what I mean.

I'm very pleased with my Z10.  Still learning to use the new interface, but so far it's pretty user-friendly.  I really like the predictive word feature when typing a text or note.

Got my BB Z10 a few weeks ago and here are my first impressions:- great display, vibrant colors- at home switches automatically to my WiFi hub- AT&T;'s 4G network is fast and so far coverage is good- basic controls with sweeping finger motions work well and afer a while become instinctive- virtual keyboard works almost error-free, the only complaint I have that predictive writing function occasionally takes over the space key and its difficult to get rid of it- some apps are not yet available for Z10, hopefully they will catch up fastIn any case, I would recommend it as a more than adequate alternative to Samsungs and HTCs, especially if you have had a BB before; iPhone fans may be hard to convert

I really love this phone. I've had it for quite a few months now, and it has been very reliable. I love the hub - easy peasy to get emails, Facebook, texts and voicemails all in one place. My only complaint is the aps. They're fairly bad. I was used to Words with Friends, good crossword aps and lots of word games on my old iPhone. Now, the choices are pretty slim. And the free aps have aspects to them that cost! Like, the built in alarm clock only has one alarm at a time (I can't set both my and my husband's alarms). So I found a free alarm clock ap - but in order to activate the multiple alarm function, you have to pay!  Also, syncing pod casts is not nearly as user-friendly as iTunes. But for the built in functions of this phone, I'm totally happy.

I find that almost all reviews of the BB10/Z10 by the so-called professional reviewers and by virtually all of the reviewers from 'investment houses' are at best uninformed, but most probably are DISHONEST!I got a Z10 a few days ago - primitively to test it out as I am an investor in the various related companies. After having played with the Z10 for a couple of hours, I had to check something on my Android phone (Atrix 2) and I was amazed how laborious this was, compared to the Z10.  It is as if returning from Windows 7 to Windows 3.11 - the Z10 is that much more advanced - its real multitasking augmented by the gestures makes the system infinitely more usable, in-spite of having but 10% of the software available for the other - legacy OS's.

I just picked one up and I LOVE IT!! This device has the best touchscreen keyboard I have ever used and after a bit of learning the phone is very intuitive. I have owned an iPhone 4S and Samsung Galaxy Nexus and I like this phone much better. My wife even wants one now.. The only issue is that it is missing some of the big name apps, but I have no doubt that they will appear in the next 6-12 months.

This phone is comparable to the iPhone.  It's like a Mini computer in the palm of your hand. Excellent choice.

Absolutely the best phone on the market! Pretty amazed of what BlackBerry have achieved, it's a beautiful and elegant device, feels solid in the hand but the materials make the phone comfortable to hold with one or two hands. The speed of the OS is awesome, no lag, no delays, everything flows without any problem. The screen is outstanding, you can't notice any pixel, even better than the iphone 5 or galaxy s3. The cameras are amazing, the quality of the picture is really great and the built in editor tools (picture and video) are pretty great. The ability to control the OS without any 'home' button makes this software so special and so refreshing. About the apps, I didn't find any problems with the new and redesign BlackBerry World, is super smooth, I have all apps that I need, instagram, whatsapp, twitter, facebook, linkedin, foursquare, flipboard, waze, 8tracks, pinterest, vevo, path, songza, jetpack joyride, where's my water?, where's my perry?, angry birds star wars, BlackBerry travel, picframe, 9gag, soundcloud, keek and many more.BOTTOM LINE: Don't hear what other people is saying about the BlackBerry Z10, go and get it! It's a beautiful awesome device! Once you go BlackBerry, you never go back!

I've been using the BlackBerry Z10 for the past 2 weeks and now I feel awkward using other phones. I just bought two Samsung Galaxy S3 phones over the weekend for my parents so they could use the Korean language input and related features so I spent a lot of time with the Android platform, setting it up and teaching them how to use it. The S3 is a great phone too.I prefer, however, the way BlackBerry has done their OS 10 and the integrated management of messages. On the S3, my mom kept getting confused where to check her text messages versus emails versus missed calls versus etc. The BB 10 would have solved that with the Hub.My parents, also not being tech-savvy, don't know what apps they've left open on the S3 (e.g., if the Navigator is running the background). It's very easy to know what's running in the Z10 (just swipe up for the home screen).It's too bad that BB doesn't have Korean input and apps like Kakao Talk or I would have considered it for them.The BlackBerry 10 is a great platform and I look forward to the continual improvements that will only make the experience better.

Take a look at a plethora of other reviews to see all the different reasons about why this phone flies, and why it sinks. I'm going to give you MY perspective as simply as I can put it, with things that stand out immediately, as if I were telling a friend who is thinking of buying a z10.Love:1. The OS. It's fluid, it's definitely revolutionary where Apple is dropping the ball. Not having to worry about buttons, and relying on gestures is BY FAR the best way to navigate any electronic device until we can get to the mid-air controls as seen in Minority Report.2. The Camera. I really like it. It certainly has its flaws, but I think it's pretty spot on. I took some nature shots of different grasshoppers out in the country, plus some really awesome scenic shots. With the BUILT IN editing (brightness, saturation, red-eye correction, sharpness, etc.), I was able to make those pictures sing and wow anyone I displayed them to. I was enjoying my BB photos so much that I started Dropboxing them (using the pre-loaded "Connect to Dropbox" app) to upload them to Instagram via my old iPhone. It's got some Instagram-ish filters that aren't too shabby as well, but they're not great either and pretty limited. I can't tell you about low light situations however, as most of my shots have been taken in decent lighting.3. Battery life. When I first got the phone, battery life was awful. After discovering a tip to lower the screen brightness, battery life improved significantly, tho I'm not sure why the sensor for brightness wasn't more adequate for this sort of situation. Regardless, battery life is pretty solid for me to enjoy all the things you get out of a smart phone, plus I could easily buy a second battery if I wanted to ramp up my activities and swap, something I couldn't do with my iphone.4. The keyboard. Very solid keyboard. Typing is a breeze. Though I didn't notice a *remarkable* difference over my iphone keyboard experience, it's a fantastic keyboard. Swiping up to select a specific word isn't as fast as typing it out, but I'm sure that benefits users with lower wpm speeds than myself. A critical note here though: the internal dictionary has an unbelievable amount of omissions. I feel like a moron having to type legitimate, normal english words into Google to make sure I'm indeed spelling a word that exists.5. Multitasking. It multitasks like a beast! Youtube videos even play in the background while I'm doing things in other parts of the phone. You rarely miss a beat on BB10.6. Contacts. It has some facets to Contacts, like an activity stream that shows all of the ways you've been in contact with a specific person, and a feature that will autopopulate the latest news on that contact's company (if it exists) to a feed in the contact app. That is some excellent streamlining to make doing business so much easier. Don't remember what that customer said a few text messages ago that was so important to know before this call? It's right there in the "Activity" feed. Need to have something to say about their organization before you call? It's right there under "Updates." Neat feature for sure. Integrates with Facebook well and adds their profile picture as the contact photo, which of course you could change if you felt necessary.Hate:1. The app store and Blackberry's manipulation. There are plenty of stories on the net implying that they essentially turned their cheek toward a specific app developer, whose programs make up an entire third of the apps available on BBWorld. Most of them are just junk copies or derivatives of other apps the developer has made and they completely pollute the store, which already fails to make discovery easy with its haphazard choice of categories. It does, however, give them the ability to continue touting all those thousands of apps. It's just a far cry from Apple's app store. I've had the phone since April, and still, so many amazing apps I at least expected to be buzzed about coming to the platform will probably avoid this sinking ship altogether. I'm not a gamer, but productivity is a necessity, since I'm an entrepreneur. Considering BB caters to business users, never thought a lack of solid productivity/business apps would be a problem... boy was I surprised. Even Evernote skipped over a full blown app for the lackluster "Remember" app built into the OS that syncs with Evernote, but doesn't hold a candle to the real deal. Such a shame. Such a pitiful shame from this company.2. Text messages do weird things. Sometimes they don't send for no apparent reason even when you have LTE service or Wifi. I had a close friend with an iphone that would swear he was sending me messages that I was not receiving. I didn't seem to have this issue with other iPhone users, but for some reason his phone in particular was just not getting along with mine at all. There is also a pretty noticeable lag in switching threads or even typing a new message while the phone is sending a message. Negligible, but pretty aggravating when you require rapid-fire correspondence.3. Lots of tips and tricks to make common processes with the phone easier, but you have to do the footwork yourself. The best example I can give of this was when I became frustrated that there was no button on the side menu in the primary browser that would send you back to the top of a web page. Ugh! You mean I have to scroll up?? Finally I became so frustrated that I did a Google search to see if I was missing something. Found out through a Crackberry forum (bless them) that a tap of this tiny little bar up top, when it was there at least, would fire me back up to the top. It took months before I learned that trick, yet it was apparent in iOS almost out of the box. I also had the same problem for "Mark All Read." Why they didn't just tell me up front how I could do such a thing when it's obvious the hub is going to be loaded with tons of notifications, since that's what it was designed for, just baffles me. This was actually the perfect opportunity to have BlackBerry 10 specialists in places like Best Buy, the same way they have specialists for Samsung phones, to show you all sorts of neat tricks, shortcuts and things you could do with your phone... and yet we've been left with having to crawl forums and Blackberry's sites. Sheesh. It's like they don't even TRY to engage with their customer beyond digital evangelism.4. I hate that I was willing to give up life on the iphone, my unlimited data that has now faded into history due to my switch, my precious productivity apps, and itunes for $200 and just a few months later, the phone is basically being given away for free. Wow. Since I've been on iphone for years and purchased the two I owned at the new release date, I never knew what that feeling was like. To see your investment snuffed like someone's savings in a Ponzi scheme, just depressing.5. The Facebook app is awful. Like it or not, Facebook is becoming a legitimate way to conduct business and connect with customers, no matter the size of your business. It's one thing if I used it only for personal reasons, but there are certainly business needs that I depend on the site for. Uploading a photo of a new campaign for one of my clients one day was one of the most frustrating experiences ever. For whatever reason, it kept uploading without the text I had typed nor the links. Being on the go, and on a deadline, this was a major snafu for me. I even tried uploading through the site via the browser, which was futile in a whole different way.Ultimately, I'm on the fence concerning a recommendation. I truly want others to experience the fluidity of a button-free OS, but I just can't justify the lack of care concerning the app store, and how instructions are communicated to improve the user experience. Judging from the price drop and the signals that upper management has been sending, they're going to abandon this phone soon. Not completely, but enough to make it a trivial pursuit for a customer switching from Android or iOS. I truly believed in this phone and left my unlimited data on iPhone behind because of it. I ignored a warning from a close friend who works in the phone industry and even the sales rep at the AT&T; store who tried to steer me from buying it. Now I feel a bit robbed honestly. Certainly a great device, but it has too many crucial flaws that keep the gap between the BB10 devices and Droids and iPhones that I just don't see Blackberry addressing or even planning to address. I will likely head back for iPhone when the 5S drops.

This is such an awesome phone. The flow is so smooth. Keyboard is very intelligent. Multitasking like no other phone out there. Hub organize all my messages in one area. Remember keep me productive. I love it. Definitely the best phone out there!

I was very excited when I first got this hunk of junk. I have had BlackBerry's for 10 years and this is the biggest waste of my time I have ever experienced. I am not sure where to start but I guess I will talk about the operating system first, all of my other BlackBerry's were very productive and professional, this operating system is worse than android, first of all there are no more categories for your contacts and you how to know everyone's first name. I am a professional rehabber and I had all my roofers and other tradesmen in categories now everyone is jumbled together, not to mention the blackberry link also screwed up the contacts inOutlook and they refuse to do anything about it.Now let's go to battery life WHAT A JOKE 2 and a half batteries a day.Cannot text to groups, big time wasterAbout the only good thing about the phone is the key board predictionsI will never own another BlackBerry

I was a dedicated IPhone user until I saw and held this phone.  I don't want a phablet or a huge screen, but I did want something smooth, functional, and fast.  The integrated blackberry HUB  is so fast and amazing.  I also looked at the Droid DNA, the HTC one, Galaxy IV, and the IPhone 5 before I made this upgrade.  I can't wait until this phone gains full functionality for droid Apps up to Gingerbread, because the only area this phone is lacking in is App selection.  The ability to charge off standard USB and the added functionality of a memory card to side load games, save pictures and other media is huge.  I was sad that I purchased this phone initially, because I really love my iphones, but way too many people I know have issues with their Iphone 5.  I send many thousands of text messages a month and have worked this phone to death since I purchased it.  The user interface and the camera are both intuitive.  The functionality is divine.  If I was a design engineer I would be proud to say I worked on this phone because its just that good.  Its the perfect blend ( with the removable battery) of modern form and function.  I dont think I'll be using my next upgrade to go back to iphone, nor do I want to deal with android / windows bloatware which this also seems to happily lack.  Its that good that I dont mind waiting a few more months for Android compatability.

You know when you really like something when you pick it up when you don't need to just to get a kick out of the user interface. The gesture based UI on this device is just amazing.When I first picked it up in the store and had an App open I was thinking "Err, how do I close this?"  It was quite disconcerting, but I reckon it only took me around 5 minutes or so to get used to.  And now, everything with a screen I'm trying to swipe to navigate.  Just a beautiful and satisfying experience.One-handed use is a doddle, but it also works just wonderfully well with two hands too.  Actually two thumbs.  The size is pefect for both, which is an indication the screen size is just about right.  The typing experience is to die for, as the keyboard is magnificnet.  If you're sitting down - two thumbs, and boy it is QUICK.  If you're walking, then a single thumb and rely on the auto-correct.  You don't even need to type spaces - it puts them in for you if you forget.  Again that takes a little getting used to but once you have it dialed in, that convenience is superb.  What is even better, though, is the flicking words off the keyboard into a message.  That really tickles me.  You end up using a combination of all of these features which makes typing on this device a real pleasure.  You know how on most phones you go for short and sweet 'cos typing anything longer is a chore?  You just do not feel that way on this device.Apps.  Well there are now 100,000 in BB World.  That's a lot and thus far I'm not thinking where is...?  Amazon Kindle was released a couple of days ago - my most used App.The messaging hub with the 'peak and flow' thing.  It's another joy to use.  What is a phone really for?  Communications.  And this phone does it soooooo well.  The swipe up and then right gesture that takes you straight to your message hub is brilliant.  It is always on, a single gesture away, behind whatever you are doing on the device.  You're in the middle of a game and a message arrives.  You swipe up and right; the game you're in minimises and you can immediately see everything in your unified inbox.  Email, SMS, Twitter, FaceBook, Linked-In, WhatsApp, everything.  You can decide to go in and deal with your message there and then, or note that it can wait and go straight back to the game you were previously in.  And speaking of games, there are loads and the gorgeous screen on the Z10 is used to best effect.  If you're a bloke of a certain age (like me) you will have enjoyed the plastic Battle Ships board-game.  There is a Z10 version called War Ships; it is visually stunning and easy to play as you're walking along.  Like being a kid all over again!!All in all - a fantstic device.

I use my smartphone 99% for work. The Z10 is amazing. Its keyboard invites me to reply to emails on the go, vs. waiting to use the laptop which is what i normally did with the iphone. Hub is very useful. Swiping vs. using the home button is faster and more intuitive. Battery life sucks for the first couple of days, then it got much much better, guess it was syncing or something. Screen and voice quality is better than iphone. Apps selection is much smaller and for sure you'll miss a few apps vs. ios or android, but i can get everything done. You won't regret going to BB!

I'll start by disclaiming that reviewing a phone these days is more about the OS than the physical phone itself, so I will start by talking about the OS first, and then move on to the hardware itself below. If you're deciding between the Z10 and Z30, I give a few thoughts below on both, since I own both. I am also posting this same review for both the Z10 and the Z30, since it applies to both.First and foremost, and I wish BlackBerry made everyone aware of this:THE OLD BLACKBERRY IS INDEED DEAD!I emphasize this because most people don't realize this new OS is not in any way an *upgrade* to the old BlackBerrys; it is a COMPLETELY NEW operating system, with far more in common with Android, iOS and Windows Phone than the old blackberry. Except for one thing: it retains its focus on ease of communication and security. What does this mean? It means they took all the modern aspects of smartphone OS's and made them better! Did you know the new BlackBerry has the best web surfing experience of any smartphone? That's according to BGR, PhoneArena, TechRadar, etc. Now the Hub. Oh my, the Hub...Once you have used the Hub, anything else will seem clunky, outdated, inefficient and cumbersome. Why? Because anything else is indeed clunky, outdated, inefficient and cumbersome compared to the Hub. I predict the other OS's will eventually have an equivalent of the Hub, because it's just so much better than having to: open an app for texting; open an app for calls; open an app for gmail; open an app for yahoo mail; open an app for work email; open an app for WhatsApp; open an app to check voicemails; open an app for notifications; etc. In the Hub? Just swipe left once, and that's it. They're all there. Together. They are NOT merely notifications; the Hub is a conglomeration of all of those accounts (apps), together, or sorted by category with just one touch. You have to try it to really understand just how useful it is. And it's always just one swipe away.What I also find amazing is how bug-free the new OS is. I'm very picky when it comes to bugs. I simply cannot deal with Android, and even iOS got under my skin, but this OS has fewer bugs than both of those, despite the fact that it's brand new. Kudos to BlackBerry for that. (I'll admit my only experience with Windows Phone is with the Nokia 520, which was less than stellar, but is such inferior hardware that it wouldn't make for a fair comparison.)The apps: yes, for now, there are far fewer apps on this platform than others. Personally, I have everything I really need on this platform. I wish there were more Bank apps, but frankly, nowadays, the mobile sites are usually as good and even better than the apps anyway, so I use shortcuts to the mobile sites in my app screens for whatever is still missing. I don't buy a phone primarily for gaming, and most big name games are available, as well as thousands others, so I have all I need. I'm not a huge app user myself; I use my phone primarily as a work tool, and this phone has everything I need: DocsToGo is included (and works well); built-in integration of DropBox, EverNote, etc; a native File Manager; great communications as discussed above; the usual suite of apps like videos, music, pictures, calculator, tasks, lists, maps/navigation, weather, calendar, etc (basically all the same stuff as other platforms); as I said, pretty much everything I need and actually use. If there's an app you really need but is not available, BlackBerry OS 10.2.1 is capable of running most Android apps, and it is now a fairly easy process to load these onto your phone.Onto the hardware:The Z10 is a great device. Size is perfect for me (4.2&#34; screen), but that's really a personal preference. It feels good, looks great, and is extremely fluid in handling the OS and all apps. The one downside is the battery life, which is OK, but not great (1 to 1.5 day with average use). The advantage of the Z10 is that it has a removable battery, so you could pack an extra one with you to swap in if need be (kind of a pain though, better off using a battery pack like the BlackBerry Battery Charger Bundle, which is about the same size as a battery and can just power any microUSB device).I recently upgraded to the Z30, which has AMAZING battery life (3 days with average use, which includes web browsing, emails, phone calls, texting, streaming music, playing games, downloading, etc), although I'm struggling with the large size (5&#34; screen), and may go back to a Z10. The Z30, however, does not have a removable battery, but frankly, who needs it when the battery lasts that long anyway? The Z30 also has better speakers, but be warned that because of this, if you have good hearing, you may notice a slight hiss coming from the speakers when the phone powers the speakers in preparation for various sounds, which is normally inaudible on phones with inferior speakers. The Z30 can also act as a DLNA server, and OTG USB capability (which means you can plug in a flash drive directly to the phone, using a USB to microUSB cable). The Z30 will also be capable of playing the radio directly, when it gets the latest update released by BlackBerry, 10.2.1 (Verizon Z30 is currently on 10.2.0 as of this writing).They are both great phones. They both have good specs, but you will find phones with better specs out there, albeit they won't run better, because this OS is far more efficient and requires less power to run. Simple as that. For the average user, between the two, I think the only truly relevant differences come down to battery life and size. The Z30 has MUCH better battery life, but also has a significantly bigger screen. I love the battery life, I don't like the bigger screen.One final note: you may wonder, if these phones and the OS on them are so great, then why is BlackBerry not more popular since it released this new OS? Well, remember that line from Rain Man (the movie): &#34;K-mart is caca&#34;? That's pretty much what everybody thinks of BlackBerry now, because they lagged behind for so long until now, and their previous OS really did suck compared to the competition. Unfortunately, old perceptions are hard to change, and that's what BlackBerry is struggling with now. Most people still feel that way, because hey: they have NO IDEA that the new BlackBerrys are completely different, and that they are actually kick-a**, modern  smartphones now.Give it a chance; I don't think you'll regret it! Just look at actual consumer reviews of the phones everywhere! (Here, on Verizon, AT&T;, Sprint, etc...) They generally have very high star ratings.

I purchased an new Blackberry Z10 a few weeks ago. (As usual, I found the best deal on Amazon-so now I always check there before buying new phones.) I had used Palm for some time, first a Pre 3 and then an orphan Pre Plus. I liked the system, looks, feel, etc. But lack of support from ATT and/or HP and no prospect of future improvements led me to the new Z10.After a few days of learning how to operate and use it I feel that is a great phone and I hope that Blackberry can continue to innovate their products.Not a little consideration leading to my purchase of the Blackberry was Blackberrys "underdog" status these days. Plus I do not care for Apple and/or Android systems.Voice use is fine, few errors and helpful in making hands free calls and dictating.All things said, VERY happy with the purchase and glad to fine the best deal on Amazon!!

This phone works with chip or sin unavaible, because it yo another cuntry in which obliga used sim cardGreetingsTanks

I like music, photos, online banking and being able to access stuff.  The app store for the Z10 has NO:  Sirius satellite radio, No Pandora, No Rhapsody, No Amazon Cloud, No American Express, No Bank of America, No US Bank,  No IDINE, No Instragram, No Sonos, No Zillow, No TV Guide, etc. . . . We do have Kindle and Slacker and that is about all that anyone would use.  I was so angry when I got this home and starting playing with it I almost took a hammer to it.  There is absolutely nothing better about this phone than Apple, HTC or Samsung.  Also, the slippin and sliding of fingers up and down and left and right to move around the home page is difficult, annoying and complicated in the sun.  This phone and it's support app are now a big L for losers.

I've had my Z10 for about a month now. We've had all of the usual suspects in the house beforehand including Samsung Galaxy's, Iphones, and Blackberry legacy devices.  I personally used a Blackberry 9900 just before my upgrade and always appreciated that for its excellent business function as a primary communication device.  The QWERTY keyboard was probably what made me a holdout for so long since I could actually type without looking.  The unfortunate part was that I had always felt (like so many others) that the 9900 lacked anything that would make it a competative phone and appeal to the masses.Enter the Z10. I have to be honest that I was very reluctant to go with this phone (or any other touch screen device) because I'd loose that tactile feel.  Yes I missed it at first but after about a week, I was flying around on the Z10 about as quick as I was on the physical QWERTY.  The autocorrect is that good.  For example, I just finished typing a paragraph's worth of e-mail on the fly without checking for typos.  The predictive text only misspelled two words.  Unbelievable.Swipe gestures are unbelievably intuitive and become second nature after a short (talking like a day or two) learning curve.  In fact, there are so many shortcut commands that it's kind of fun discovering them for the first time.  Swipe from bottom to top minimizes your app into an active frame.  YOu can have up to 8 active frames running at the same time.  Swiping left and right will get you in an out of the hub or to scroll through your app pages.  Hold your thumb while swiping will allow you to peek ahead or behind.  Other gestures too to let you work in an out of apps.It's got a blazing fast browser, all the apps I could ever want and more coming in by the day.  The ability to sideload apps (I understand that OS 10.1 is Gingerbread compatible and the soon to be released 10.2 will be Jelly Bean) is a great feature.  Time shift is cool, the hub is a a very different and unique concept allowing you to either unify your inbox or indiviually select accounts or social feeds on the fly.  Peek is a very novel and convenient idea too.  Active frames are also very cool allowing you to minimize an app but keep it running, similar to Live Tiles.  For instance, shrink your picture album into an active frame and a little slide show rotates all of your files in miniature; a nice touch.No problems setting up POP, IMAP, Gmail, etc. etc. accounts other than a Roadrunner internet issue that was on their end, not Blackberry.  A quick phone call to service, a change to a port setting, and I was up and running.The bottom line for me is that I found so much to like about the phone that I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to anyone.  Is it perfect?  Of course not, no phone is.  Does it have some kinks?  Yes with a new platform, that's to be expected but I've already had a new OS update and another maintenance update all in the span of a month so, it's nice to know that the company is trying to make the phone the best there is.So is it better than IPhone or Android? That's a very subjective question because they all have their quirks.  I can tell you this, however.  The Z10 is just, different.  It flows seamlessly, as there's no closing in an out of apps or in and out of texts/emails/social feeds.  Traditional phones, you get a notification and you might open up your e-mail app or text app, you then read your e-mail, you close your e-mail or move onto another and you might close the e-mail app.  With the Z10, nothing is wasted. You swipe into the hub, read your e-mail and then swipe out of it. If you're in an app, like say Facebook, and you get a text, you can swipe right into the hub (make a gesture like an upside down "L") and the Z10 will automatically minimize the app and go into the text.  Facebook's still running in an active frame and is just waiting for you to finish up with the boring work stuff. Very very cool.More to like, swappable SDCard, drag and drop PC files (the phone shows up like a harddrive), great camera, HDMI, and, did I say, keyboard?In short, if you are a Blackberry fan, you will love this phone.  If you are not or have never used Blackberry, I suggest giving them a chance, you might be surprised.

Bb10 interface the hub, the flow, the key board shortcuts are very easy and makes the usage of phone a pleasure.  unified inbox with peak and calendar integration makes the day much easier and not to much mess around with the phone.  tasks, folders functinality are also best features not easily found on other Devices.  HDMI output is the best part of this device...you can browse while you output to hdmi if you need to &it has lot more features...For gaming it has leader board like ios and there are already a lot of good games.  Browser is unbeatten equels to or beats on high score on having more than 200000 average to medicore apps.  For example google maps needs no app than browser(not navigation for which side load required) and very easy to access some of websites that are not easily accessible on other devices.  There is desktop browser feature, private browsing and browsing is also secure as it checks for site key eachtime.  All & all very good phone.  But it could be best and worst depending on where you coming from and what your expectations are. (Typed on ipad).

I love my Blackberry Z10.  I wanted this phone when it debuted, but had to wait until it was time to upgrade. Amazon has great pricing for this device and expedited shipping. I am very happy that I did not lose my unlimited plan during my upgrade.  If you do experience this issue, you need to contact AT&T.; For anyone with an older Blackberry, you can get paid for trading in your older Blackberry for a newer model. Check out the link below.[...]Switching devices is simple. There are apps that can be installed on iPhones and Android phones from [...] The same app can be downloaded from Blackberry World. There are multiple ways to move your data from an old Blackberry to the Blackberry Z10.The Blackberry Z10 is a great for business and leisure. The Blackberry Flow allows me to navigate smoothly and quickly in between tasks with one hand. It is easy to quickly minimize an app and start a new one. I can minimize the NFL Mobile app and open the StubHub app with my thumb. The Blackberry Hub is a centralized location for messages and is always easy to get to with one or two gestures. It is easy to switch between text messages, e-mails, calls, etc. from the hub. The smart keyboard and gestures help me quickly type what I need, so I can get back to performing other tasks. When typing, I do not need to press a button to switch between text and symbols. I can just swipe a finger up or down the keyboard. The words that the smart keyboard predicts are very accurate and easy to flick up into my sentences. Once you learn the right gestures, it is easy to delete multiple e-mails. When I'm ready to lock my device, I can just press the power button at the top of the device and the screen provides me an option to lock the device.The browser is smooth and fast, especially in the 4G LTE areas. Adobe Flash and private browsing can be enabled in the browser. Video clips from any website can be viewed. The browser supports HTML5. I can open multiple tabs and save my favorite pages as bookmarks. The reader feature puts the text and graphics from the website in an enlarged and easy to read format. The best way to describe the reader feature is to say webpages are converted into a e-book format.  Google Maps is accessible through the browser.  It is easy to share webpages from the browser with the share icon, which is available from most screens on the Blackberry.I love the voice control feature on my Blackberry Z10. If I do not have time to look at the Blackberry and type, I can use the voice control feature to make a call, send an e-mail or text, schedule an appointment, search the internet and take notes.I love that the Blackberry Z10 has Near Field Communication (NFC). It was already easy to share information with the Blackberry Z10 via Bluetooth 4.0 Low Energy (BLE), e-mail, text message, BBM, HDMI and Skype. I can also share files from my Blackberry Z10 by tapping another Blackberry 10 or any NFC enabled device. Unfortunately, you cannot tap and share with your friends that have the expensive iPhone 5S because the iPhone 5S does not have NFC.The Blackberry Z10 has a built-in screen shot feature, so there is no need to download a third party app. Capturing a screen shot on a BlackBerry Z10 device is simple as holding both the volume up and volume down buttons simultaneously for a few seconds until you hear a shutter sound. The screen shots will be saved in the camera picture gallery.The cameras are great. The Blackberry Z10 quickly takes beautiful pictures with either of the two cameras. The time shift mode allows me to find the best facial expression from those memorable moments. I enjoy using my Blackberry Z10 to Skype with family and friends. I like that I can switch between my two cameras during the Skype video call.The BlackberryZ10 is great for listening to the music stored on my Micro SD card.  Of course, I have albums from artist like Alicia Keys and Gyptian on my Blackberry.  I used my music on my media card to make my ringtones. My Blackberry Z10 can play music using earbuds or through any of my vehicles' sound systems.  Blackberry Z10 has Bluetooth 4.0 Low Energy (BLE) with aptX(tm) enabled, so sound is exceptionally great via bluetooth.  I can also download TuneIn Radio from Blackberry World to listen to local and international radio stations from my Blackberry Z10.Parents will like that the Blackberry Z10 has built-in parental controls, so there is no need to download a third party app. Parents can set a password to access the parental controls, so that the children cannot change them. Phone and text messages can be limited to just the individuals in the contacts. Parental controls allow parents to turn off features like the camera and video, Facebook, Twitter, uploading to YouTube and purchase content just the name a few. Content restrictions can also be set.My Blackberry Z10 has many other security features. My Blackberry Z10 makes it easy to encrypt the data on my device and my Micro SD card. If my Blackberry Z10 is ever stolen, Blackberry Protect allows me to track or wipe my Blackberry from a remote location.The Adobe Reader app is great. It allows sharing via e-mail, BBM and NFC. I can navigate the PDF by using the bookmarks. I can zoom in and out of the text and images. I can even enter comments, signatures, highlight and strike through text and click hyperlinks. My changes are saved automatically upon exiting the document. It is great for conducting business on the go.  Blackberry 10 devices have a built-in zip file feature that allows me zip files, which is convenient when I need to attach multiple large files in an e-mail.The phone call quality is great on the Blackberry.  They phone has many features available from the phone app, such as dial pad, phone history, voicemail and contacts.  The dial pad has large keys and is available when I need to use it with an automated system.  It is easy to switch between phone, speaker and Bluetooth.  These options are available during the call.There are two minor things I think you should note. There was not a holster included with the Blackberry Z10, so you will need to purchase your own. The Password Keeper did not come with the OS, but it can be downloaded from Blackberry World.For the Blackberry Haters:Blackberry and Blackberry devices will be around for a long time. People counted Blackberry out before they really tested the new Blackberry 10 devices.  Blackberry is known for its security, which is probably why BlackBerry was awarded "Authority to Operate" on U.S. Department of Defense networks. Blackberry will retain its reputation for secure Blackberry devices and software for managing and securing mobile devices. Do not go to sleep on Blackberry. In the future, Blackberry may provide means for the auto industry to manage car software.[...][...][...][...][...][...][...][...]It is funny people complain that Blackberry does not have enough apps. Consumers have to be aware that some smartphone companies are not just trying make money selling their expensive smartphones, but also their apps and services.[...]

This is the third Z10 I purchase. I am upgrading another line that came due on my AT&T; account. I have used the Z10 since its release in the U.S. and I can say it has been a great user experience.I love the video conferencing and screen sharing feature, time shift camera, the Hub, and the ease of use. It did not take me long to get used to the phone. I use it for my business. It is a solid product built from scratch (hardware and OS). It is super fast, and web browsing is amazing.I use it for PowerPoint presentations. I connect the phone directly to the flat screen with an HDMI cable without the need to buy additional hardware. I upgraded my current two phones to OS 10.1 and they work even faster.Data usage is very efficient, and the security is second to none.The AT&T; network is superb; I have not experienced dropped calls or slow internet whatsoever.

I have the white version and it took me about half an hour to get use to its layout. This is the best touch keyboard and the size is perfect for one or two hand operation.Best Features are:1) The Hub, the grand central station for all your communications, emails, BBMessenger, Face Book, twitter, text and more;2) Peek and flow from one application to another, just leave your frequently used apps within easy reach;3) Super fast browser, works with flash and highly compatible with HTML5;4) Smooth multi-tasking, play sounds and switch into other applications without missing a beat;5) Most impressed with BBM Video Chat, tried a long video chat with a friend, clear and crisp voice and video that is smooth enough;6) I was able to share the surrounding scenery with a simple flip of the cameras;7) The keyboard seem to learn and adapt to my typing style, sentences and words, the word suggestive experience is really enjoyable,with a simple flip of the thumb, words just drop into place, wow! My grammar is much improved and its clever suggestive style seem towork within sentence context, unlike other phones, this one helps with your train of thought instead of impedes it;8) Already this thing has all the apps I care to keep and more are on the way, so it seems.9) This one is a keeper and a definite 10!

If youre coming from an Iphone (like me) and have that permanent indentation on your thumb from having to press that "home" button for EVERYTHING....your thumbs will love you after you try this phone out!

I have been using the phone for couple of months now and I can say it has been a great experience. The platform has a fresh feel, UI and clever functionality not seen before. If you are a connected individual and would like to have all the information you need at your finger tips, this is the phone for you. Here is my summary of my experience.Pros:- Fresh UI, look, feel.- Once you get used to gestures(which takes about 2-3 days), the experience is going to be awesome as it is very easy to open/close apps and get into your mails.- e-mail integration is done very well and hub is a great concept.- Best Keypad - Period.- Great Form factor - feels really good in hands.- Great Display - Reading emails, books and watching videos is a pleasure on the beautiful display.- Balance - Ability to keep Work and play separate.- Ability to access Facebook updates from hub and post updates.- Great camera for pics and videos.- Ability to share pics, music and docs on the network and be able to play pics, movies on big screen TV wirelessly.Cons:- Apps - I miss couple of Apps I was using on Android phone. I could sideload them and move on.- Booting the phone takes it longer.

I'm pretty sure I've found cell-phone nirvana! The BlackBerry Z10 is truly an amazing device, and this is coming from someone who made fun of Blackberry fanboys for years. I have been a Palm user through several generations, up to the HP Veer and Pre2, and have loved webOS as the most intuitive and fully integrated cloud computing OS in the mobile world. When my Veer started to age, I tried our the iPhone5 for several weeks, but could not get any speed or accuracy on the virtual keyboard. I thought I was going to have to go back to the physical keyboard world, but when I went to check out the Q10, the 5-star rating for the Z10 caught my eye. Review after review of not only long-time Blackberry users, but died-in-the-wool IOS and Android users as well were proclaiming it the best cell-phone ever. A bit dubious, I was able to secure a loaner unit, and I quickly learned there was some serious substance here. Blackberry has re-invented the smartphone.My business is a people business, so my interactions with clients and partners is the focus of my work day. I am out of my office for much of the day, so I need to track my interactions of every type, and keep up on what everyone is doing. The Hub is an amazing tool for that. To be able to swipe right from any screen and see all your incoming and outgoing interactions is a gold mine to me. To further be able to click on a contact and see our interaction history, along with aggregated, up-to-date information and statuses from FaceBook, LinkedIn, etc. is invaluable.Then there's the coup de grace: the keyboard. I feel like I've died and gone to heaven! The longer I use the keyboard, the better it adapts to my writing style, vocabulary, stock abbreviations, etc., and offer suggestions that hover above the keys I could possibly hit next. If a suggestion is correct, I simply flick the word up into my document, email, text, etc without typing. There are times I flick 7 or 8 words in a row without typing a single character. The longer I use it, the more often that happens. There is no question I can write much faster on the Z10 keyboard than on a physical one, and it just keeps getting better. It even keeps track of where my fingers land when typing each letter. If I frequently mistakenly hit the "i" key when I intend to hit "o", BB10 keeps track of that and migrates the sweet spot for "o" so it's closer to the "e"...amazing!I am a pretty straightforward user, but the customization depth and granularity of BB10 is amazing, as others have noted. The processor is very speedy, and the screen is great!Here's to BlackBerry's continued success! The geniuses behind BB10 deserve this to really off and validate their amazing work.

This is the best phone I have ever owned. I've had it for ~2 months now and love everything about it.My absolute favorite feature (besides the gestures and hub) is bedside mode. From the lockscreen, a simple down swipe will silence all notifications (optionally allow calls) and display a large orange clock with a black background. You can toggle the alarm and set the alarm time right from this display mode. When the alarm goes off you can tap, slap or mash anywhere on the screen to snooze.The form factor is great. Not too big, not too small. Sleek and clean with a feathery backplate. Fits in pockets well. The battery lasts a full day for me, of course usage will vary.High resolution screen. It has higher pixel density than the iPhone 5. No blurring or 'pixilation'. Colors are sharp and black is very nearly black.You can change volume/LED/vibrate light for each type of communication, e.g., email, text, calls. You can set custom ringtones or silent. You can set custom ringtones (or none) for individual contacts.The Hub is phenomenal for actually using your phone for, well, communications. No matter where in the phone you are - file browser, photos, browser - all your email and messages are a simple gesture away.The phone shipped with OS 10.0 and I experienced random reboots. About 2 weeks ago AT&T; released the 10.1 update and I have not had a single issue or reboot since upgrading.The integrated file browser is great for managing files on your phone. It has seamless integration with DropBox or Box.net and you can copy or move files between cloud hosting and the device. If you install BlackBerry Link (the desktop software) on your PC you can access all your computer files remotely.It is so convenient to compose an email while standing in line for lunch and attach a file that is ON YOUR DESKTOP COMPUTER. The rest of BB Link is rather lackluster and pretty laggy. Sadly (or not) it seems you need to have Link installed to access your phone as a removable drive via USB. If you have an SD card, you can access that without installing BB Link.However, you can set up wireless access to your phone and access all the files on your phone via WiFi from within your regular file explorer on your PC.Saving the best for last, the keyboard is beyond amazing. Every phone manufacturer claims to have the best touch keyboard, but I have never used a keyboard this good. It learns your words and replaces misspellings. It even lets you swear and remembers that you like to swear. So when you type 'ducking' it substitutes the word you meant. It's ducking awesome.I use the HDMI output to watch TV in bed and it works well. It has 2 output resolutions: full 1080p and 640x480. If your display doesn't support 1080p you will be stuck with an awful resolution. While HDMI is connected you can listen to audio from the phone or from the TV.Security: You can encrypt the entire device and optionally encrypt any SD cards. BB protect is an opt-in feature linked to your BB ID and lets you find your phone from your PC, ring it, set or change the device password and lock it. You can also display a message on the lockscreen if you do lose it, or even initiate a security wipe remotely. This feature is free.5 stars, love this device.

Example - voice command functionality - still have to press a lot of buttons to get to it and even in the midst of using it, it requires you to press buttons; It likes to pretend the screen is tilted even when not and keeps going to the landscape view;  there are a few other things but I don't have time to comment on this.

The Blackberry Z10 is an amazing phone to use, the OS is fluid and is super smooth. I had no problem using it at all. Everything about it works amazingly and the specs behind it are also really nice to have. Blackberry (RIM) did an excellent job creating this device. The really only downside as seen from the title is the little development support from developers. You will NOT find apps such as Instagram, YouTube, Hotmail, Skype, Foursquare, Spotify, Pandora or any other major apps. With the support for Android apps, you can do something call sideloading the apps onto the Z10 but that works less than perfect most of the time. Otherwise, great device but mostly aimed towards people who really only want to use it for texting, phone calls, emails and light browsing.

Highly recommend, great operating systems.  Don't get caught up in the negative reviews and hype of the Galaxy or Iphone.  This is a great phone.

I wanted to give this phone a try way back in feb when it first came out but it was too high and everyone was trying to charge $700 on eBay to get one thinking this was going to be the one, but nope! 5 months later it's been discounted, selling price on eBay are right at the 400-460 range(I sold mines) so lets start, the good with this phone is the battery and it's a simple operating system. I didn't find the hide apps feature like the older bb's so that's no.  I love the slide up unlock. Simple browser.....ok now on to the bad which is everything else. The design is meh it comes off as some older android phone and it's not all that thin like all your popular phones. Then the apps? It's been 6 months out and no standout apps. Most popular apps on app store are are prices at $2.99 on here so forget about spending lots of money on apps.  I didn't notice any exclusive features that the s4 or htc one doesn't already do. It's just a redesigned blackberry storm that's boring living in 2006 thinking people was going to get all excited just because oh look it's a blackberry #### nope those days are over they are going to have to bring exclusive features in today's world. But no worry they were in talks of going up for sell, hopefully htc buys them maybe that will help them to take back the #2 spot as the top cellphone makers since apple has #1 for a while.

Excellent phone. Takes a little time to get use to but afterwards easy to use. BlackBerry Hub excellent communication info tool and can view without having to close what working on. Very fast when using Internet. Only issue I have is USB cable not included in box as stated.

I upgraded to the Blackberry Z10 from the 9900 after some reservation. The internet experience on the 9900 was poor, and I looked forward to the new experience of the Z10. I got my hands on one at my carrier's retail store and loved the form and feel of the handset. I could multi-task easily thru the screens. Since I never had a home button before, the lack of one on this phone was not an issue for me. So, I ordered the phone and received it with great anticipation. From the onset I experienced nagging OS/apps issues. I experienced Outlook setup issues that were ultimately resolved thru 3rd tier support @BB. The service was excellent, I must say. Fixed my situation 100%. Other apps I wanted on my phone were not yet available, namely Spotify and Skype, among others. I knew that going into it, but was willing to wait for app development to catch up to the new OS (there has been a Skype app ported into Android-I didn't feel like undertaking the workaround fix. I just want to download and go).  I wrestled mightily with keeping the phone or returning it to AT&T. I ultimately chose to return the phone for an iPhone 5. I just didn't want to hassle with the occasional OS freezes and lack of apps. This all occurred in June, and it appears I am not alone. Had the BB Z10 handset had the same trouble-free operation of the iPhone and at least the mainstream apps I was looking for I would have happily kept the phone. Absent that I wasn't interested in wading thru the glitches of an initial roll-out. Best wishes, Blackberry. I hate to see a once great tech company eg. Kodak or Polaroid fall by the wayside. If down the road I get a sense the issues I experienced are addressed and fixed I am happy to reconsider.

I'm very happy with my new Z10.  I was worried about the touch screen keyboard after using the BlackBerry Torch for the last two years.  I loved the actual keyboard on it.  I'm still learning, but after about a month, I've gotten pretty good at the new keyboard.  The features of the phone are wonderful.  It does everything I'd hoped for and I have an envious friend who likes my Z10 better than her brand new iPhone 5!  Ha! ha!

I have been following the development of this phone and new BB10 OS on crackberry.com so I have been looking forward to this phone for some time.  I waited until it came down in price before I got it, but I am very pleased with this phone.  This is my first full touchscreen phone, and I find the keyboard plus the &#34;flick typing&#34; word prediction to be great.  I don't find myself missing the physical keyboard of my BB Torch 9800 very often.  Every once in awhile I do miss the click of a physical keyboard, but certainly nor often enough to regret this purchase.  The phone is very slim, sleek, and a great size for one-handed use.  The UI is very smooth and I like how the UI slides about, it's hard to explain lol.  It like panes or slides that sort of are layered and slide over and flip over,  It's just really nice and smooth.  It uses Active Frames to allow multiple apps to run in minimized windows that you can tap to close or bring back up while the others stay minimized but running. The BlackBerry Hub is where all of your texts, emails, calls, twitter, facebook, and numerous other notifications and messages are found.  The Hub is very easy to customize, allowing you to pick what appears in the Hub.  The email is different from what I was used to with the old BBOS.  It's like the email is now fully merged, and all folders that you have on the account appear on your phone and you can file them away directly into the folder you choose and once I figured that out I grew to like it. I love the &#34;Peek and Flow&#34; feature so you can quickly glance at notifications and decide whether to deal with it right away or postpone it.  I can be using an app, get a notification, and with a few swipes and taps can delete, file, or reply to a message and jump right back into my app.  The app selection is nice, and is growing by the day, some of the bigger apps are not on here yet, but thanks to the Android player, some can be sideloaded and work decently.  I'm not that app-happy so it wasn't a huge selling point for me, but for email, texting, games, and basic phone usage, I am very pleased.  I haven't take many pictures as of yet, but the few I have taken have looked nice, low-light isn't all that great, but I think I'll live..LOL...there's also the Time Shift feature that allows to correct a closed eye or to catch just the right pose. I'm sure I'm leaving out some other great features, but if you're in line for a new phone or are wanting to try a new mobile experience, please give the BB Z10 a try.

The phone reboots itself sometimes without any reason, and few times while I was using the phone. I got this phone thinking more apps will be created for the blackberry, but still not enough apps especially ones I used to use. I'm hoping developers will create more apps for this platform soon.

Blackberry has developed an amazing phone and an amazing phone operating system.  I have been through three generations of iPhone and two generations of Android (my current work phone is the HTC One X) and the BB has a lot of compelling features that make you more productive. What sets this phone apart is the ability to easily multitask between applications and the ability to isolate work related communications from personal communications. There are no buttons needed, you navigate around using swipe gestures. True one-finger navigation. On the back-end Blackberry has implemented ActiveSync technology to enable Outlook & Exchange sync. Below I have some links to set up Outlook sync or simple Outlook import.================BASIC GESTURES =================Swipe up when screen dark = unlockSwipe up when on to peek at notifications and back to apps grid/homeSwipe up and to the right in a J = Hub noticesSwipe two fingers from bottom = keyboardSwipe from top = settingsSwipe left to right (or right to left) = scroll through the available apps/screens=========================================================== NOTABLE FEATURES ===================* Flow - everything is at your fingertips, all the ways you can communicate flow together* Peek - simple swipe to see new communications & notices without leaving your current app* Hub - centralized messaging center* Learning Keyboard - the keyboard learns the patterns of how you write and helps you type faster (think Swiftkey)* Sideloading Android apps - at launch BB has 100K+ apps thanks to it having the ability to run Android apps* Time Shift Camera - instead of taking a single shot the camera takes a series and lets you pan to find the best shot* Smart Calendar - suggests who to invite based on previous appointments* Documents-To-Go and Print-to-Go Apps for creating, reading and prints docs like PowerPoint PPT, Excel XLS, Word DOC* Micro HDMI Port - display PowerPoint presentations and videos on any HDMI device with a little adapterMediabridge Micro-HDMI to HDMI Cable with Ethernet - (6 Feet) - FLEX Series High Speed* DLNA Support for streaming content to any compatible device* MicroSD slot for expanded storage======================================================== SETTING UP OUTLOOK INTEGRATION ===================Syncblogs.blackberry.com/2013/02/set-up-outlook-sync-with-blackberry-z10/Import Onlyhelpblog.blackberry.com/2013/03/blackberry-link-import-outlook/ActiveSync Setuphelpblog.blackberry.com/2013/03/connect-blackberry-10-to-mail-server/Managing Contactshelpblog.blackberry.com/2013/03/five-tip-friday-contacts/======================================================== OTHER TIPS ===================Change search engine: On the home screen, swipe down from the top of the screen. Tap  Settings > Search.Change browser search engine: Open up your web browser and start typing a search in the search. Up top in the right hand corner, you'll see the search logo. Tap it.Take picture from lock screen: Tap and hold the camera icon on the bottom rightTake a Screenshot: Press both the Volume Up and Volume Down keys. Pics are saved to the camera folder.Picture Blurry?  Try stabilization mode.  Select camera app, tap the [...] at the bottom, change the mode to "stabilization"Want to try Time Shift Camera (great for group photos)? Select the camera app, tap the camera icon in the top corner, select the icon that looks like a face in a circle. Take a picture. If someone blinked, tap their face move the circular slider to a time when they weren't blinking then tap the check icon.

This is my first smartphone. My Girlfriend has an Iphone , which looks really cool. For her and I both the Iphone was very confusing, after all we are both 50 years old. I practically taught myself on this phone in about 1-2 days. This is the most smooth interface on anything I have ever used !!  And call quality is outstanding!  Two thumbs up

other reviewers have covered many of the bases on whats so good about this phone. i personally loved my Bold 9900 for the physical keyboard, but after using my wife's off and on to learn the touch keyboard i am confidante that i will have no troubles at all pumping out e-mails just as fast on the Z10. But if i don't, i can always get the Q10 later, but for now i am going all touch! I just wish more people knew about how good this phone really is and the all the new BB10 OS phones at that. For anyone who switched in the legacy device days, if you loved Blackberry and want a reason to come back just go to your mobile retailer and pick one up to play around with one, they are nothing like there predecessors in terms of design.

BlackBerry nailed it. Awesome device!!!! Very smooth and maybe people don't know but you can load any Android app you want so in essence it has more apps than Android because you get all your Android apps plus the BlackBerry apps.

This Z10 is an amazing device.  Far surpassed my expectations.  If you are a heavy user of email, text messaging, and phone... this is the device to get.The new OS10 on my Z10 is a completely different experience then the old BB operating systems.Best features:- Blackberry Hub - finally have all my emails, phone calls, VM, texts, facebook, twitter in one location.  THIS is why i returned to blackberry from android.- Typing - I'm finally as fast as my kids on the virtual keyboard.  it know's what i need to type and half the time I just need to press the space bar to get the right word to pop up.- Gesturing - simple and easy to pickup.- Seeing what apps are open with a simple swipe.- Blackberry Link - sync'd my itunes library with my Z10.- Fast web browser - consistently beats my wife's iphone when we pull up webpages (and we both have AT&T;)- perfect size - not too small, not too big.Cons -Need my Bloomberg app! - (come on bloomberg!)
