
Phone is actually a T-Mobile, purchased and unlocked. So to describe it as new is misleading as it was opened, powered up, modified and reboxed. It also means the T-Mobile software is installed.Otherwise, phone has worked as described and is unlocked to work with other carriers SIM cards. Would have been nice to know that phone was at least slightly used though

It is for sure a great device. It's worth the price, I don't regret changing my i-phone for this one.

Found it pretty frustrating and overall disappointing. the design of the screen is pretty good. the phone is over sensitive and its arguable if its better to have a case makes that worse or better. because of its sensitivity its very easy to switch on apps without you knowing. The placement of the POWER button is just stupid its right where your thumb goes (for rightys anyway). Getting Apps to stay off for apps you dont use is a nightmare even with the use of a 3rd party app killer so that can be a huge power suck. Samsung, AT&T; offer little to NO support so your best bet is to go to Youtube and that's a crapshoot. I was using an iphone 4 and what made me move was the better Exchange support since our office is Windows based it makes it easier to search old emails etc. And also I detest itunes with a passion and since i have a lot of music that's just amplified.So there is good - the video playback is pretty outstanding, sound quality is pretty good too. As a PHONE its actually really good compared to the iphone which is more iapp that can occasionally make and take calls and I do get thats partially to do with AT&T; service.Anyway my recommendation is if you are not a geek this is not your phone please move along. iPhone, Nokia Lumia or even the blackberry might be more your speed and mine apparently.

There is always a lot to talk when the latest and greatest smartphone is released to the public.  As of recently the Galaxy S4 is the primary topic of discussion.  This past year Samsung released its new phone to replace the popular Galaxy S3.  According to Samsung the Galaxy S3 sold more units in Q3 of 2012 than Apple's iPhone 4S and iPhone 5.  With these kinds of stats it was only a matter of time before Samsung would release the next "S" smartphone.  With all the hype surrounding the release of this new phone it may seem like a no brainer to get one.  However with many other impressive smartphones on the market, is the Galaxy S4 worth buying?The Samsung Galaxy S4 is extremely thin even though it is arguably one of the most powerful phones out there.  It is less than a half inch thick and only weighs about 4.59 ounces.  Samsung has done a great job in distributing this weight throughout the phone to give it an even lighter feel.  When holding the phone it feels like it molds to your hand.  The shape of the phone is perfect and feels very comfortable.  The sides and back of the phone are slightly rounded to be in-sync with the curvature of your hand.  The back of the phone is made of a polycarbonate cover that encloses the battery and MicroSD card.  This cover has been a problem on the older Galaxy phones in terms of it flimsiness and the problem has not yet been completely solved.  When the cover is removed it feels quite flimsy and flexible.  I would have liked to see a better quality material be used here due to the fact that this phone is on the more expensive.  The iPhone 5 on the other hand has a metal and glass body that has a much more solid feel.  Moving to the front of the phone there is the same layout of buttons as the S3.  There is a large centralized "Home button" with a touch screen menu button to the left and a "Go back" button to the right.  This type of button layout is very convenient when using the myriad of applications that this device offers.  Right above these buttons is the massive 4.99 inch screen display.  While holding the phone in one hand it is surprisingly easy to reach every corner of the phone with the thumb of the same hand.  But the most noticeable part of this screen is its color and clarity.  It is capable of 1080P resolution and 441ppi which produces, in my opinion, the best displays on a smartphone.  The colors seem to pop out of the screen and the sharpness is comparable to the best HD televisions.  The screen is leaps and bounds ahead of the iPhone 5 because of its unbelievable contrasting colors and let's face it, the 4" display on the iPhone is no comparison to the Galaxy's 5".Once you get over how amazing the display is you are further impressed by the strength and capabilities of this device.  It contains the Quadcore 600GHZ processor and a whopping 2GB of ram, which in English, means that this phone outperforms many laptops and desktop computers!  I was able to multi-task on this device without any hesitation and the loading speed was impressive.  When given a strong Wifi signal the device was able to load pages at a speed faster than any other smartphone that I've owned.  The S4 also sports many highly customizable pages where you can put virtually any app in any arrangement possible.  It also contains a useful app short cut tool bar on the bottom of the display to access all your favorite apps.  However all of these features come standard with many of the other smartphones.  So what sets the Galaxy S4 apart?  It has many futuristic features such as Smart Scroll.  This feature allows the user to scroll through pages on the phone by only using the eyes.  There is a small motion sensor on the front of the phone that captures movements.  You can also use your hand to wave over the screen and move through pages.  This feature is not only ridiculously cool but useful in times when your hands may be dirty or occupied.  Another new feature is the air view.  This allows the user to hover their finger over a text message or email to get a preview.  I found this feature to be quite unnecessary when you can easily just click on what you want to read but it is another option nonetheless.One of the most remarkable features of the Galaxy S4 is its front and rear-facing cameras.  The rear-facing camera contains 13mp and the front facing contains 2mp.  These cameras can take unbelievable photos that enhance colors and clarity.  There are also some awesome new camera features that include eraser mode which allows you to erase anybody or anything in the background that is unwanted.  This was very useful when editing out a "photo-bomber" from a quality photo.  There is also a "dual camera" mode which allows you to use both the front and rear-facing cameras simultaneously.  Video that was taken on this phone is just as vivid as the pictures.  Compared with the iPhone 5 the Galaxy seems to take the win in terms of clarity.  This is due to the extra 5 megapixels that the Galaxy has on its rear-facing camera and 1 extra megapixel on its front-facing one.  When taking a far-away picture the picture on the iPhone 5 becomes quite blurry while the Galaxy captures minute details.  The sound quality on this phone is certainly not the best however; it produces a respectable amount of depth and clarity.This phone is clearly one of the best of its kind on the market today.  It is a tremendous step up from its predecessor, the Galaxy S3, in every department.  I also believe that it trumps Apple's iPhone 4S and iPhone 5 because of its endless options and superb design.  This phone brings a new meaning to the phrase "an engineering masterpiece".  Samsung has managed to create a phone that truly allows its user to have the world at their fingertips.  While this device might have features and options that are bit overkill or even unnecessary they are still pretty amazing and great to show off.  I rate this product a 9 out of 10 and would highly recommend it to anyone (and I mean anyone) looking for their next smartphone.

Beautiful device, I kept falling in love over and over again with this device! I love my Samsung galaxy S4!

Had no problem with the cell phone, my phone was imported from India originally so it came with the plug to the outlet in the european style, other than that it works perfectly, just plug any micro sim card and it starts working

This phone is awesome. Fast and have a confortable screen size. No problem with the seller. The cellfone is really brand new and works in Venezuela with Movistar.here for hispanos.El celular es estupendo. Es rapido y tiene un tama&ntilde;o de pantalla muy adecuado, no muy grande ni peque&ntilde;o. No tuve problemas con el vendedor, el celular es totalmente nuevo y funciona en Venezuela con Movistar sin problemas.Saludos y gracias por leer

i really like this phone. i alway hate to make finger print on the screen but galaxy 4 solve this issue.  i can flip the page with air touch.  its pretty expensive phone but still cheaper than iphone 5.

As many reviews mentioned it is a great phone. very fast and can get any app from the Play Store. Suggest getting a case just to be on the safe side. if you purchase this phone also purchase a Micro SD Card of 32 or 64 GB. the 8 GB of internal memory is sufficient at the beginning however once you will want to pack it with music, pics and movies this will be useful. please note the phone only takes a Micro SIM card. I don't believe this is advertised a lot. (don't try to cut your regular SIM with scissors like me, did not turn out so good)

Got my first &#34;real&#34; cellphone. From friends I learned to prefer Samsung over Iphone due to competability with outlook and so on. First had some doubts but I'm more than satisfied to what I got. Can't compare it to other cellphones but think there can't be any better.

I've had several cell phones and didn't break any of them; I'm on my 3rd S4 as the screen breaks pretty easy. My wife who also is very careful with electronics broke her S4 screen too. Not impressed with the durability and cost to continually replace this. Recommend getting protection even for an occasional small drop..

The Galaxy S4 is the best phone available to this day. The apps, features, technology, and design are simply the highest quality of any smart phones in the US to date.13 Mega Pixel Camera- the Galaxy S4 comes stocked with a 13 mega pixel rear camera, nearly twice that of the Apple Iphone 5's 8 MP rear camera. And triple that of the HTC One's 4 MP rear camera. The 13 mp camera allows for instantaneous crystal clear images with just the touch of your screen. The camera also comes fully loaded with multiple shooting modes designed to allow you to take the best picture for your situation.2GB of Ram- the S4 runs with 2 GBs of RAM, double the iPhone 5's 1 GB of RAM. Making the S4 twice as powerful as the iphone allowing it to run multiple apps at once. A feature not even available with the iphone 5. It also allows for the S4 to run crystal clear movies and games with no lag!5 inch screen- the S4 has a 5 inch full HD Gorilla glass screen! Compared to the IPhone's 4 inch screen. Or the HTC One's 4.7 inch screen. The 5 inch screen is truly the perfect size screen for a phone. Not to bulky to feel uncomfortable in your pocket, yet large enough to comfortably watch movies and play games on the go.Larger battery- the S4 has a 2600mAh battery, compared to the iphone 5's 1440mAh battery, or the HTC One's 230mAh battery. Making the S4 run the longest on a single charge out of the 3 phones.Amazing gestures- only the S4 has the technology to read your motions and activate your phone with these gestures! The S4 also reads your eye movements and acts accordingly, such as pausing your movie when you glance away from your screen, or scrolling down the page when your reading a book or website.The S4 is the fastest, most productive phone on the market I 100% recommend it! It never once has let me down, whether it's finishing a project on my phone through Polaris, or watching Netflix on my S4 while I'm out my S4 always runs smooth and effectively. The battery lasts all day through heavy usage in a single charge.

the phone is great and the delivery is really fast but this phone is very fragile, be careful... i got my front glass screen broken within 3 hours of use... and the phone was in my pocket. I don't even know how this is possible... so if u do not want any harm done to your s4, get a protective cover asap, otherwise you will be facing some problems.

buy a new phone and sent me a used one, had a recorded telephone book, not recommended at all. they were not responsible

I won't go into how great it is, because it's already been expressed by the many glowing reviews. I must, however, say that these smartphones are not for pre-baby boomers who are resistant to technology. I bought a Galaxy S4 for my mother and she still does not understand the concept of a smartphone. When she asked me what the number was for the nearest Costco, I knew we had to return this phone.  I'm sure there are people who are the exception and are very tech-saavy, but for the majority of seniors, this phone is too much for them to learn to use.

It's the right phone as what i have ordered but very disappointed because they send me blue instead of the black mist that i have ordered. really disappointed coz i dont really like the color..

Firstly the phone is great. It feels nice in the hand, the build quality is very nice, and it looks nice and works nice.One thing i noticed when compared to a iPhone 4 was the Galaxy dominated the iPhone in specs but its still not giving you the touch phone experience like the iPhone does.I still find the Galaxy touch screen buggy at times. I try to touch something and it wont react or it will hit something else. iPhone doesnt have this problem. Even with a smaller screen i can easily type messages on the iPhone with minimal error when compared to Galaxy's huge screen.The other thing is the responsiveness of the OS. Whenever you pinch zoom in or out the Galaxy has a brief lag, you can feel it and see it. This even happens when you scroll up and down webpage. You can feel and see the lag. I find iPhone the complete opposite. The iPhone is super responsive theres virtually no lag.All in all if you want a true touch phone experience i recommend the iPhone. If you want something more for benchmarking or specs wise then and Galaxy is for you.

Great phone, smooth and fast.Has good features like taking pictures and filming with booth cameras at the same time... no more videos with out me there!

I love this smartphone. It is perfect. The battery is great, you can make calls, play music, and runs apps and it will take a long time for the battery to run out. It has an amazing camera, great screen resolution, and you can do so much with it! I would definitely recommend it to anyone. Much better than the iPhone 5

I bought a Galaxy 4 July 20. August 17 the screen went out. Sent it to Samsung for repair on 8/20. It was returned September 6. September 8 it will not receive a signal. Called service provider and did some trouble shooting only to find out that it's the phone again. Samsung will not replace the phone only repair it. Please buy something else !!!

got it on time and everything was ok. Just as expected and the phone is really good and works fine in Brazil.

I've been a Verizon customer in the NY Long Island coverage area since 98. Here's my review of the Galaxy S***4. Some of my apps don't work (works fine on my revolution). Location setting often comes up "temporarily unavailable" (works fine on my revolution). If you sync your I Tunes with a Playlist, the S4 will delete the playlist within a few days. Galaxy sync software is crap. I'll often loose 4G coverage on the S4. While holding the phone to your ear the pull down menu appears and has changed settings. As well as triggering the phone key pad "you have pressed an invalid key" while trying to access voice mail. Will probably pay full price for another phone to get rid of the S4.

The phone's apps and system are great but it did surprise me how long this battery lasts and I give it a lot of usage.

Yeah! Great choice, fast, great design, easy to use, easy to access, to share and to customize as we want

I used to use Iphone since the Iphone 3GS, then I got the Iphone 4S. I intended to chance the 4s for the Iphone 5 when I decided to give an opportunity for Android. It was an excellent surprise when I starded using this new system and now I think it's easier to use than IOS. Very reccomended.

Well the unlock that it has i dont know if he did it via verizon or with a custom rom but i got alot of messages telling me that my sim is not from verizon the other think is that i can not update the OS im on 4.2 and theres and update for 4.3 amd its not letting me but well over all its freat clean great camera nice price amazing screen and it was worth it thx

My S4 is not unlocked so this is about the S4 in general. It is my first smart phone so it is mostly referenced to my wife's iPhone 5 (and my ipod touches).Positives include the key pad (primary sales point) good camera, ability to add memory, good (large) display and the availability of apps (and support). It also had lots of gimmicks like the feature that tracks your eyes so you can scan down documents by literally scanning with your eyes.  When I say gimmick I mean it sounds great but when I tried using it out drove me nuts.  You need the discipline of a karate master to train your eyes.  I don't have that discipline so I turned it off. Most of the camera features fall in the gimmick category (but not the panorama -- that one is really nice). The voice recognition software is borderline gimmick: it is almost great, but not reliable enough to use for much.  Android was another selling point and it has some advantages (multi tasking is at the top of that list).  However the whole product integration pales by comparison to the iPhone. Why didn't I get an iPhone?  Mostly the keyboard (too small) and Apple has gotten too reminiscent of big brother.There are always negatives from design trade offs but some of these are severe. First, it is a lousy phone. Sound fidelity is substandard.  Reception is poor. Changing modes internationally is inconvenient (my wife's Iphone works seamlessly when she crosses the border to Canada-- my S4 is challenged--often will not connect or warns about international roaming charges).  The phone software is a pain when you have to wake it up to give you buttons to "press one for English..." or to hang up.  How about a button to answer the phone vs. swiping the screen?  How about a button to HANG UP the phone?  If you try using it on the fly and hit the wrong button you have to speed through any number of menus to get back to the hang up icon. DO NOT try this phone in the car.Software turns out to be another source of concern. Android 4.2.2 rolled out last week and the phone started crashing.  I understand it crashing if I try scanning a barcode with the Amazon app (one example) but the other night it crashed badly overnight when I was sleeping.  Not only did the alarm clock not wake me, the phone acted dead in the morning and would not reboot.  I ended having to remove the battery to reboot it.  4.3 came out last night, hopefully this will improve reliability. There are also a number of software glitches.  Like if you hold the delete button down it deletes lines of text faster than the display updates, The alarm clock is inconvenient etc.  With this phone you get one or two apps a day that update themselves automatically so I find the software unstable in the sense that you never know when things will change on you as well as unstable in the sense of crashing).Like the title says: some real positives but some real problems.  I would have gone three stars but this is supposed to be a phone and that is not one of its strengths.

Great Phone. This is my second one. Very easy to operate and does every thing I need in my way of communication.I do not what they could add to make it any better.Faride Helms

I bought this phone from this seller for my wife and it's awesome! It arrived in perfect working order and she loves it. We were finally moving her over from her beloved Blackberry and had been debating iPhones, Nokia, blah blah, blah ... the lot. We settled on this but were skeptical about the touch screen keypad, well, we shouldn't have been. A great keypad, great photos, email, voice activation, ...  This phone rocks in every which way but loose. If you have the means, I highly recommend picking one up.

I Am very happy with this cellular phone, is very fast, the camera is very accurate, the pictures are amazing.

Where i live we wont get it until June so its kinda worth to pay for this one, here where i live smartphones of lesser quality are around 500 - 800 dollars, so this is a fair price to me (compared on how much this phone will cost when it arrives to my country). Im still puzzled if i can get the i9500 or i9505 have seen pre-order of i9500 only . All i gotta say if u are from the US dont buy this if you are from Latin America (as my case) you should consider purchasing this.

I had it for 3 days spent 650.00$ and screen cracked in my pocket. DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE AND THE FACTORY WILL NOT REPLACE IT. FROM T-MOBILE

The Samsung Galaxy S4 all in one is the ideal equipment for daily events and also provides more informationin real time by office work, sport, entertainment system and better management of data at all costs.

it is a great phone. But I can't seem to get the duel camera mode working. The icon is missing from the usual Camera interface.Other than that, the battery charges very slow and runs out rather quickly.

It doesn't have 4G and cost the same that 4G , i think that this product have to be more descriptive in technical details . I'm dissapointed :/

The phone does everything as advertised. I read a lot of  reviews before buying this phone and i saw complaints about durability, UI, and battery performance.One of the biggest gripes was about the overall build quality, body and screen. I can say that this has not been an issue for me. I bought an otter box case for some additional piece of mind, but i am not concerned with my phone breaking due to external damage.I am little disappointed with the battery performance. I would rate it about on par with an iphone 4s, but i like my phones to last a full day with moderate use. I make few phone calls (mostly sending text or we chat messages), i play a game when i am bored or waiting for something, and i maybe watch about 10-15 mins of a video a day. But by evening the battery is completely dead, which means i have to charge at least one additional time during the day to get me through the night.The UI is fine, but it can take some &#34;googling&#34; (good thing you have to phone to google on ) to get everything you want done.I would have definitely give this phone a 5 stars if it had a better battery

I actually had to return the original phone, due to my own ignorance. Thanks to the wonderful people at SurgeTelecom, I was given another one that better fit my particular needs, at no extra cost to me. This company will go further than necessary to make sure you are satisfied with your purchase. I have had no problems with this product, and I love it!  I will purchase more products from SurgeTelecom, and I recommend this company to everyone who wants an excellent purchasing experience.  Thank you, SurgeTelecom, for your dedication to excellent service and quality goods.

The phone is very good. Its size makes it difficult to handle with one hand, but I believe it is worth the gain in performance and image quality compared to other phones with similar price.Regarding the delivery does not have to complain about, everything was as promised.

loving it since the first time a had it in my hands.pro:huge screenfasterthe amount of app with android OScons:the amount of samsung apps that comes with the phone some of them useless.

This phone lives up to the hype of what I expected from it. The big display makes reading webpages easier and also allows the editing of websites a bit easier than on a smaller screen

This phone is the absolute Bomb...I mean it Rocks...Big time...The things it does compared to other smart phone is remarkable.

SO, I had a problem with the phone, the LTE is not working. It was clearly a hardware issue and I mentioned that to Samsung. Samsung told me to send it in and I'll have it back in condition with a factory test of all components. I told them that this problem must be fixed, I was reassured it will be.  I got the phone back with the same problem still persisting, called Customer Service and they said they will attempt to repair it AGAIN!  Obviously, they couldn't fix it the first time, what makes me think they'll repair it this time? I simply asked for a refurbished phone just so the LTE I'm paying for can WORK.  No, can do.  Not even a consideration.  Their customer service department sound like drones.  I suggest everyone to NOT buy Samsung, no matter the hype behind it.  Their customer service will make you regret you EVER lusted after their devices.  That's how bad it is!  Buyer beware!

When it happened to my friend, I thought it was user error, but when it happened to me 3 weeks later, I had to apologize to him for not believing him.There is a design flaw in this phone, that causes the layer under the glass to crack, and renders the phone unusable. If you look up Samsung Galaxy S4 glass problems on the internet, you will see a slew of reports where people say the same thing. They put the phone in their pocket and when they took it out, it was cracked and not working.At first, it looks like there the glass is broken, but under further inspection, yo can see that the micro layer underneath the glass that does the display, has been stressed and cracked. It always seems to happen in the same place, the top rght side near the camera lens.Avoid purchasing this phone, or you will be left 6 months later needing to use the insurance or pay 200 bucks for a replacement

everything was as pacted. no problems to use it. thanks a lot for everything .kind regards, Mayra. x x

too expensive phone. you can get it for $199 from Tmobile or At&T and unlock it later. the phone batter get hot after 5 minute talk.Not good phone.

First, in the past 2 years, I've owned the iPhone 4, iPhone 4S, HTC One X, Galaxy S3, iPhone 5, HTC One and now the Galaxy S4.  The HTC One X I returned due to the multitasking functionality being stripped.  The S3 I just felt didnt match up to the smoothness of iOS even with Jelly Bean.  Finally the HTC One was nice but it was a tad heavy and didnt feel as good in the hand for one hand use due to the power button being on top left and the 2 capacitative keys not feeling right.  Ultimately I went to the S4 and haven't looked back since.  It is definitely more than an incremental upgrade in just the screen quality and resolution alone.  It feels better in the hand and looks better in general.Pros:- Light as a feather- Gorilla Glass 3- The "gimmicks" are actually quite nice sometimes- Battery life is nice with the 2600mah removable battery- Wireless charging support (Wont know how nice it is until you get it)Cons:- Plastic- On black, the back gets fingerprints easilyOverall:Definitely support the S4 over the iPhone 5.  The iPhone 5 is a great phone but I got tired of the 4" screen and it just wasnt large enough.  Also with iOS functionality lacking file downloads and setting other default applications, there were just little things here and there that make the S4 a better phone.  The lag that people mention on this phone is still there but turning animation settings down to 0 in developer options gets rid of most of it and I'm sure future patches should improve the situation.Highly recommend this phone and make sure to take the plastic seal off the camera lens, your pictures will be clearer for it.

I thought I was ordering the 16 GB of internal storage, but they sent me the 32 for the same price (although only about 24 was available w/ Samsung's included software).I couldn't very well get that &#34;smart scroll&#34; to work, although my neighbor who also bought one, said she was using it on hers.The casing does feel pretty light weight, so do get a case cover (I got the Poetic Atmosphere Case which works quite well and the phone still fits in horizontal leather carrying pouch.The GPS works much better than my previous phone, even gets a signal inside the house so this has been great for navigation.  The camera is killer too.I first used the phone w/ a Red Pocket Mobile sim for when I was in the States.  I'm in Russia now and just put in my local MTS card, it's it's working fine as well (complete w/ data roaming).Also, the phone only got hot when I was using Google Navigation and had the phone sitting in the hot sun on the car's dashboard, so I don't know what that discussion is about.If you're thinking about this phone, go for it, you won't be sorry.

This is really that I need, can work in M&eacute;xico and USA. I can recommend to everybody who travel to other countries.

This cell phone achieve over my expectations. Very easy to use, a lot of technology and all the app are very useful. Great Acquisition!!!

My best phone ever!!!

I ordered it for my husband as i was sick of his small screen experia s.. got delivered very soon..and to talk about the phone...what else would you ask for..big screen..great clarity and display...and of all it feels so light.. Samsung i am a big fan of yours...  :)

I have been ordering from products from Amazon for a long time and have not been this disappointed in a long time.i received this product with a slight hairline crack on  the screen that was hardly visible to the eye and it worked for only two weeks.The on and off button stopped working. I sent the phone to a authorized Samsung dealer for repair the screen and the on and off button and there is where notified me that the phone was not a real Samsung phone.I had the screen and the on and off button repaired with a cost 300.00.I spent over 600,00 for this supposedly new Samsung phone.The phone is currently not working because something else is wrong with it.All I got was scammed.

I purchased this phone for my daughter as a surprise gift for her birthday. By the looks of it have graded it as a 5 , but i will grad it once again once she uses it and give my comments.

so far excellent phone... I'm very happy with the purchase

Big screen, quick, lots of features. Small problems - heats up, some times the phone doesn't react to direct touch, only the built-in buttons, and fixing the language is a bit of a drag.

I have my s4 only 8-9 days, I didn't drop it or hit it but my phone get 2 little scratches just for being in my pocket. I'm really disappointed because of that. :(

Bought it, got it before the original deadline, brought it home (to Brazil) and it is working very well.It`s a great phone, but mind the fact that Samsung S3 and S4 do overheat and freeze from time to time.So it requires a bit of occasional maintenance, but I still love it.

I have my phone through AT&T. So many bugs with the s4. It has problems making calls on speaker, the voice command is terrible. It can't seem to run apps like snapchap. The features are absurdly useless and don't work properly, I keep them turned off so I don't kill the already short battery life. Forget about using voice commands while driving, that will get you killed right quick. In short, I liked my nexus one so so so so so much better, it may have been a simple smartphone but at least I could depend on it. My dad upgraded to a S3 for free, it works better and I find myself envious.

Not all S4s are alike. The GT-I9500 is a 3G only phone, which makes no sense at all. I struggled to find that out. I don't think Samsung even sells this model anymore, but it looks bad for the brand to sell an item of this generation that does not have 4G (LTE).Making your read the fineprint is not a way to win happy customers.

I bought 2 phones and it was shipped to Africa with 4 days.This is really a record for it was there actually 3 days but the called that they were doing inventory.The second took more that that during the holidays and I think that one to was really great as it was during the holidays that it was ordered. I was receive before new year.It is a reliable and a fast courier service that world distributors provide. A really World Class services.

this phone was clearly a clone even some of the features are missing i wasted $600 on something i could have gotten in a store for half the price.DO NOT!!!!!!!!!!!!buy this phone well unless you want to walking around with a fake phone also a couple days after i started using the phone it started to heat excessively and following that the batteries i received began to swell.this is by far my worst online shopping experience!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

very good i like the samsung galaxy s4 gt i9500 factory unlocked phone very goog i like it very good

My Galaxy SIV/S4 GT19500 was delivered to me, personally, at approximately 5:00 p.m. on Wednesday, June 05. I will use the device mainly outside of the United States, and my provider is located there, also. As such, I cannot pronounce on the Galaxy until I engage with the provider and begin using it.I do look forward to excellent service from Amazon and from the device, though.

Used numerous smart phone before but this is it. 13mp camera takes amazing pictures,very fast and everything else works flawlessly. Amazing, very happy with this phone.

So, I didn't actually buy my S4 from Amazon, I bought mine from Verizon. I figured id still make a review for you guys skeptical about buying this.So first of all, the Pros and Cons.Pros: Light, Slim, Good Battery, Fast, Nice screen, amazing camera.Cons: not a whole lot except for the bloadware that will come preinstalled. it will eat up about 6 GB of your storage.So far I have had this phone for about 2 weeks and i'm loving it. It has some pretty innovative features like the new air gestures and smart controls. Some people call them gimmicky but i find myself using them on a daily basis.The design is terrific. i don't want to use a case but i know ill drop it. The screen is amazing too. Its one of the few phones that has a 1080p display so you will get a sharp display.You wont have to worry about lag since it does have a super fast 1.9 GHZ processor.Battery Is ok i get about 15 hours on moderate use. i don't use it much at work so i usually plug in my phone late night. On screen time you could probably go like 4-5 hours.Camera is the best on the market with a bunch of cool features. It is 13 Mega Pixels which is awesome.I recommend get a SD card because like i said earlier, the preinstalled apps take up 6 Gigs!So overall im going to have a good time with this phone. I recommend it.

I Love this phone. Still learning all its capabilities and its been over two months. I enjoy having an excellent camera and the ability to expand my memory with a sd card. Compared to an iPhone it is way better. Screen size is just RIGHT! Overall, this'd is the best phone I've had since. Two thumbs up!!(:

Update - December 22, 2013 - After 2 months of owning this S4 i honestly don't know how this phone has sold so well. I must repeat, for this price this phone is supposed to be silky smooth and buttery fast and flawless. Four days ago while at a house warming party i got to interact with my friends iphone 5, and OH MY GOODNESS, the phone is fast and smooth. There is absolutely no hesitation AT ALL. She was showing some photos of her dog and when she moved around the phone the various menu and photo galley the phone just move effortlessly. I was completely embarrassed as i tried to show her photos of my cat. As usual my S4 hesitated for about 3 seconds to bring up the galley not to mention to bring up the photo album. Literally that took about 5 seconds to load. Listen i don't mind waiting 5 seconds but i am not paying $600 for a phone to do that. It is a crying shame. I am actually thinking about factory resetting the phone to see if it will work better.Also my battery has started to swell malfunction when playing hi end games under 50% so i have have to purchase a new battery.For the money i am really disappointed.First Review - November 13, 2013 - I have been dreaming about this phone for months. I previously had an LG Optimus 4X and have been trying to sell it desperately to get this. Anyway i finally got it and trust me maybe because of all the hype i expected more. I thought that this phone would be as close to perfection as possible but it is far from it. The camera takes a long time to load up, the stock keyboard doesn't have auto prediction, flash light apps dont work properly cant create folders on the home screen by dragging one icon over the other and the overall phone is not as fast as i thought it would be. I dont know if its because it is the Exynos chipset or what but i'm not really impressed. And dont even get me started on the small on board storage for a 16GB version. Its just ridiculous. The Screen is mind blowingly awesome so videos and games POP. It runs the top games flawlessly but the above stuff has really gotten to me. I am told that the new firmware upgrade fixes a lot of those issues so i am waiting to see how that goes. For now its an ok phone.

People PLEASE look at the spelling in the advertisement.  It is INCORRECT.  This is an absolute FAKE ad.  For you own good please DO NOT purchase this product.  STAY AWAY!

met my expectations .. I like .. what was expected of the product by delays in customs of my country had not commented .. is recommended to one hundred permet my expectations .. I like .. what was expected of the product by delays in customs of my country had not commented .. is recommended to one hundred percencent

The phone is not what I wanted at all!!!! T phone has someone else's info & it want keep a charge!! Then it took forever for it to come... Wouldn't fit in t case it came in!!! I have contacted the seller about my concerns he keep saying it was new no its not!!!! I want my money back or a new phone like it was stated online!!! Very disappointed!!!!! Samantha Henry...

I bought this to use at Brazil. This is a really good smartphone, but sometimes he resets by itself.I didn't put the SIM card yet. Maybe could be this.

I like this Samgung Galaxy S4 so much. It is recommendable and looks very good. I hope to keep it for a long time

Had an iPhone for a long time switched to this and now when I use the iPhone the screen looks so small. A lot of different things to get used to but definitely better

its a very bad experience . as i paid some money and now i feel cheated as i had received a copy from what i ordered its  a very bad  mobile it dose not deserve what i paid and its screen broke during shipping  its a bad shot for me

Well I don't know if this is a fraud or not but presently the pre order for this phone is on in my country for $931,  by samsung itself and even by  a major carrier. I just thought I could get it cheaper on amazon. The phone is a bomb and I just must have it. I wanted to get a note 2 but seeing this one, I had a quick change of mind. Even the note 2 (unlocked) goes for $870 here.

I bought 2 phones, one of than come with a problem, it stop working, first the camera and after that all the cel phone. I return it to amazon and they return my money. the other phone is perfect and is the better phone that the world ever now. I happy with the deal.

Very good - Better than expected. Powefull and light. Easy to use. Memory enough to all I need. Great device.

Had an HTC for 5 years, and wanted to try something else.Dont like the plastic battery cover. Look so cheap and I had feeling that I would  break it while tryin to put my SIM card inside.Battery goes trough one whole day and that is it.BUT, so many options, applications customize options :D

I have made a wonderful choice when it come on to phone, spending some time to fully understand all the capabilities of my new found love.

Google is coming out with a pure Nexus version of the S4 in June... If you can live with the Samsung UI, fine. If you want unlocked bootloader, and pure android, wait till June...

Before buying this phone was so afraid it was a clone or a copy but is totally original and as many think it might not work in your country if you will make in my country Costa Rica works excellent with the operators I am very happy with this phone without certainly the best I had in my life

The product itself its greatBut, first and foremost it include a European connector which doesn't work on America, which means I have to get an additional item so try to contact the seller before they ship asking for a adapter, the phone itself its a 32gb not a 16gb.To that add the tax, and import cost weren't included which mean I had to pay even extra for that part due to it been handle by UPS, while other sellers try to get this before hand to avoid problems for the customer.All in all a great phone but a terrible customer service service of the seller.

Samsung galaxy s4 Buy an international model and does not bring in Spanish language settings, I downloaded the update but I can change the language only brings, Chinese, Japanese, Arabic and English and also said product amazon and buy it when I see the specifications on the box it came the phone says it was made in vietnan, does not meet my expectations and that to be a new model can not not have the Spanish language and its predecessor the s3 if you had without any problem, no fart enjoy 100 percent of the product as not mastered the English language.

It was exactly whats the website shows up, and It arrived safe and without damage. It is the original cellphone. It is a good choice.

Excelente.

I was able to use the phone just for 1 day, then it got broken. Samsung technical support could not fix the problem, and there is not international warranty. Additionally, the phone did not have the IMEI number recorder into the system, it was an adulterated phone. I won buy Samsung anymore, and I don't recommend this phone to anybody. Amazon did not help me with this problem, and I did not receive any refund, 630 dollar placed on the garbage.

The new galaxy S4 is a great phone, the new processor is so much faster than the S3 and the eye one feature is great so that the phone screen doesn't black out while you are reading or using it and it has great battery life. I just wish I had the waterproof version from AT and T.

Heating too much sometimes,  but overall it does what it needs to do. Very easy to use and comfortable, wi nice design. Better to use with a cover, it is so slim, you do not feel uncomfortable with additional cover.

The phone's quality seems to be different from that of any other Samsung Galaxy S4. The phone's settings are not standard, which makes it really hard to adjust different things and the phone shuts down suddenly when being used...a black screen appears and the only way to restart it is by removing the battery for a few seconds. Also, the Wi-Fi receptor fails constantly and can only be fixed by rebooting the phone. Terrible experience.

The phone came already opened as if the seller tampered with it before hand. Can't say they did tamper with it because the device seems great. But you can see that the seal was broken and open once before. The other reviews also mentioned that. Depends on the seller I guess. Secondly the phone says it's made in China but the writing on the box is in spanish making it to belive that the phone is from Mexico. I think the manufacturer open the box to change the language. It's in english but some of the apps are still in spanish like the samsung stock app to take a picture of text in different languages and recognize and translate. The phone is amazing and worth the buy. The only phone on this planet that compares to it is the note 3. I bought this a couple days before the note 3 unveiling. You can't go wrong with either product. The phone sits at 5 inches and I can reach all 4 corners of the screen with one hand effortlessly. I recomend a screen protector and I found the best one. I will add the name at the end of the review. The phone does come with a lot of bloatware samsung tied to the os. I recomend rooting and installing the stock rom from google to speed up the phone even though performance is not an issue. I just feel that even though things are good and fast, that it could be better. The camera is above par. Don't let Nokia's gimmick 40mp sensor lumias fool you. This camera is amazing. 20 shutter shots at 10 frames all at good quality close to 4k. The speakers are amazing. Surprised me on the depths of the sound and how they reached all 4 corners of the room from the palm of my hands. The softwared samsung put in this makes the device more valuable than the hardware itself. The &#34;Octacore&#34; cpu makes task and installing apps fast. The battery life is amazing. I sat for hours just getting all the apps and info linked to my account and sat above 80%. No problems with the phone heating up either in the time of usuage. The screen is nothing short of what you would expect from samsung. 1080p display is something everyone should have. The phone feels good in the hand. Light. I was a proud owner of the first galaxy and I think samsung made a great product in this. Since that first galaxy I purchased two phones. Artix 2 & Iphone 4. The only reason I purchased the Iphone was for Itunes and the Ipod app. As a long time android user adjusting to apple and their rules took some time. If you want a simple user experience this isn't the device for you. Get an iPhone. With the 5s being x64 bit it's pretty much laying down the foundation of forcing previous model users to upgrade because the knew phone does not support backwards compalibility with the apps. If you want a defined experience and something you can customize to cater to you and your needs this phone is for you. The versitility of this phone and all the software that comes with it make the device more useful.

Excellent Mobile team, I am now writing from the cell. It has very good technology and operating system. Thank you very much.

So I got one of these for $100 from Best Buy after rebates and a 2 year contract with AT&T.;  And there's so much to talk about.  first is the features.  The biggest and most usable upgrade over the s3 and any other phone on the market is the phone's "Air View" feature basically hovering your finger over the phone lets you preview text messages and e-mails, lets you zoom in on web pages.  You can also go back and forward on web pages by waving your hand in front of your phone's sensors and switch between the home screens on your phone.  You can also wake up and answer your phone without touching it what so ever.  The feature you'll most likely be showing off to your friends is the "eye scrolling" feature.  Basically by tilting your head up or down you can scroll up or down on webpages, books, and other reading material.  I think the phone will mostly influence market trend towards touching your phone less and using gestures to control our phones. Another feature I will not be using but I can see being useful is the phone's simple homescreen.  The phone can switch from the traditional Android screen to a phone with large buttons and a simplified interface for using the phone's most basic features.  Also cool is the phone's "multi-window" feature which lets you run 2 apps on the same screen similar to Windows 8.Speaking of screens.  This one is huge! definitely counts as a Phablet, it's funny after using this phone for a week all other devices (ipod, iphone, other android phones, BBRY devices, Win 8 phones) screens look tiny and compact.  The screen is slightly bigger than the S3 but they still managed to make the phone thinner and lighter than the S3.  How with he bigger screen you think it would be less sharp or less clear...NOPE! this screen packs in more pixels than the iphone's retina display and gives a better representation of colors.  There are many videos on youtube proving this feel free to check it out.  the S4 gives the best quality screen on the market of any device to date maybe excluding the 4K televisions.Camera: pretty dang good.  I rarely use my phone's camera because I have a Nikon J1 for photography but once again, the features in the camera are just too cool, different shooting modes (night, skyline, facial ect) and a cool perk of being able to take a pic on the front and back camera at the same time.  Takes some quality photos too.Speed: which is especially important to Android users because a lot of android phones have a tendency to be slow or buggy.  No sign of that with this phone.  Now once again I urge people to check youtube to back up my claim but this phone is faster than the iphone.  Several speed tests and everyday use tests have proved this.  This thing is snappy and handles everyday tasks and games with ease.  Haven't run into an app it can't handle yet.The one thing I wish this phone had was Blinkfeed.  I have to admit this app makes me jealous,  I'll have to wait and see what facebook delivers as far as news-readers and content delivery.  Because taptu and flipbook aren't very visually appealing compared to Blinkfeed.  Surprised google hasn't taken this task on yet themselves.Anyway this was quite an upgrade for me, no regrets.  I LOVE THIS PHONE! and so does everyone else I show it to...except iphone users lol

This phone will not work pass edge on tmobile prepaid Monthly 4g, it is not capable and also the phone comes with a charger for china they will put the adapter on it and is too big, so big it falls from the walls sometimes and is super annoying, i dont know why they dont just put the regular one.

this s4 box is very old and poor, like this box is used. The battery is very suck, i turn off so many things but after 5 hours. The battery power is gone. i have to buy new battery. now work find 1day only use 25% when it standby the time.

Had my phone only about 33 days before the screen and digitizer broke ($200 in repair). I dropped my phone out of my pocket onto a carpeted floor. This is excessively fragile for a phone to break so easily. Do some googling and you'll see that people have the screen break in their pocket, while in a protective case. There is a manufacturing problem with this phone which will eventually be recalled and repaired or class action sued to resolve. If you must buy this phone, make sure you buy the insurance (oh, by the way, thats expensive too).

I shipped the phone to Costa Rica and it works fine with our phone system. It is in use for showing our company's products to our customers.

When I first saw the price of the Samsung Galaxy S4 my jaw dropped. I mean, really, 1000 dollars for a phone. Its not made of gold or turns into some portal to mars, ITS A PHONE!!! Honestly the S4 should be half the price on amazon because the whole purpose of the site is to get things at slightly lower prices than if you walked into a store and bought one.

The screen resolution is amazing, is very light, and the response rate very good.I wish the battery lasted longer!!! , only takes 1,5 days  :(

Bad atention. But the &iacute;tem is nice New But no unlocked. Thank for all i not buy other items again.

With this telephone samsung can't just get any further, it just amazing what this phone can do, the defenition of the screen , the pictures, the videos, the speed.... I thing I can say no more....!

I am truly disappointed on samsung. i bought this phone hopping to get a beast of a machine i even got the octa core variant the 9500 and this piece of shit take almost a whole minute to open the stupid camera. and the actual phone app takes like a full 5 to 10 seconds to load and this are the native apps of samsungs crappy&#65279; touchwiz. i mean even swapping to unlock the phone takes 3 secs. just do a search on the internet and you will see the 1000s of people complaining about the same thing. The camera gets&#65279; so bad sometimes that in order to use it i have to restart my phone. you can imagine all the moments that you could have caught on camera slipping by. i bought the wrong phone i should have gotten the htc one. i dont see people complaining about that phone and this is my first android phone. i was and iphone user since the first iphone and i stop using it because they were not innovating but at least the os worked great and was stable which is more than i can say of the s4. If you want an android phone is better to buy one of those phones with stock android cause samsung really did a number on OS. until they fix that i cant recommend this phone

Is a great product mor&eacute; than i expected. It takes some time to get to know the equipment but Its very inter&eacute;s tina and amazing gadget

For a user coming from the S3, it's not a big change, kind of the same software, and almost the same phone (at least from the first view), it's faster, its battery truly last longer, my old phone was lasting like 5 hours of regular use (I check the phone every 10 minutes for 1-5 minutes), this one lasts the whole day (about 10 hours) so I don't have to carry the charger with me. The most amazing feature is when your finger is approaching the screen it already reacts (on determined programs/screens) with no need of touching it, truly amazing! This phone does not support 4G!!! Which I already knew. If you need 4G look for the I-9500, with less CPU power.

Only the hardware design of the phone is awesome. I love the hardware itself.  Android and Samsung software developers  leave so much to be desired.  This phones synchronization compared to others is totally lacking, time consuming, and inferior. Samsung Kies (synchronization and upgrade application) is an anchor, worse, a dead limb that needs to be removed.  I've been a BlackBerry user and other phones, Android lags. If you're a business user, you don't have time to waste screwing around with a phone - you want to make phone calls, contacts, find information, and be functional.  The Android is more like a teenagers toy.  One who has ample time for video games and messing with a phone with dead end apps and substandard integration.  Moving from a BB to this phone: It's like going from a nice tailored suit and silk shirt that all fit, to jeans and ill fitting tie dye, where I'm expected to do my own dyeing before wearing.  If BlackBerry or another company with a different OS with good hardware catches up again with the current hardware features of the industry, then I'm going somewhere else.  Here are specifics:Blackberry over Android:  Blackberry integration ruled (until OS-10).  I still can't do simple things with Android that I used to do with B-Berry, unless I employ many extra clicks and pauses.  Texting on the bberry was much faster than swyping, or android predictive text entry. Foldering, customization, copy and paste, and text selection were all much better on the bberry, particularly those with optical or hardware trackball input.  Integration between any and all applications was seamless.  Bberry even has flash built in, not Android.Android works for: Great additional apps, like a Steam App, and available custom apps for hobbyists and specific interests.  However, getting apps to play / work together is a chore.Summary.  Avoid Android if you need to be productive.

Great Smart Phone  great features very fast!! Great screen very responsive.Battery life better than expected with data and wifi on all day

did not meet expectations because even I do not have with me the tlf, this product dxe inefficiency of the seller, as he did in sending the product three days after it was due, so I had to hire an extra service for the telefno I was sent to my destination after leaving the first being that it is the date and the package is lost, all for not following the date of dispatch during working day intended for it.

It was good for new Generation. I like this samsung galaxy s4 if you wanned to mobile you need buy  galaxy s4 and you can play how to get enjoye.

Item arived is second hand but order was for new . Please check the order and supply new not second hand.

Problems with audio when using earphones. This seems to be a common problem in this phone according to what I found on internet

To those, who don't afraid from Android - would be an excellent phone. Tons of features, just need to google all the time to find how to operate them :)

I love this phone, the only problem is it has so much things... that I will need clases to use it all

I enjoy using Samsung galaxy S4 with a wide screen yet light in weight! I'm still to discover more a

Excellent equip, is the best of samsung, in a appropriate size, easy to use, I recomend it to everybody who can buy it!

I bought this phone when I was in Mexico. The phone arrived without problems very very fast. It's an original I9500 Galaxy S4, it includes your freehands headset, all the manuals and even in my case one screen protector. One of the cons is that the wall charger doesn't fit in America's outlets so I had to contact to Amazon to get a refund for the price of a new wall charger. But other than that all the product is perfect.In Mexico and the most of countrys in south America there is no issues to use the phone with any carrier since at least one carrier in each country is able to use 3G phones. This is not the case of USA where you need to verify first using the IMEI and ICCID number of your device if you can use the phone with one carrier. In the case of Sprint and Verizon you can't because they only work with CDMA phones.The Galaxy S4 includes the version v4.2.2 (Jelly Bean) and upgradable to v4.4.2 (KitKat). the first two months I dropped calls and my applications crash often, but once I updated the Android version all of that passed away. You never has to worry about to get your phone slow, the 2Gb RAM are enough to handle tha most of applications in the Android market even using the divided screen to use two applications at same time.If you need more specific details about the device, you can check this link to GSM Arena, the best place in the world to know technical information of any phone.[...]

IT iS LOCKED!!!! I need to return itI just got it and I need to return to return it since it does not work

The phone is made of very cheap flimsy plastic, and on top of that it comes with Samsungs failure of a skin, Touchwiz.TOUCHWIZ SUCKS.All the incredibly gimmicky features drain the battery life SO MUCH and the skin makes Android SO SLOW.I would highly recommend Nexus devices or HTC Phones or iPhones over this phone, they are all much better.

but still improve is needed for:display use under sun (not enough brilliant)slow camera response at start up.fl

I had some minor issues with OS stability but they were fixed with an recent automatic upgrade.If you are deciding between iphone5 and S4 the response is quite simple:If you like a white phone and have no issues to be tied to apple: go for iphone one.If you want an good smartphone plenty of features and with more flexibility without sacrifiying apps: go for S4 you will no regret!Note: I'm not Android fan indeed I used ipods and ipads for many years, in this field I think Apple is still the best choice but with phones (this time) regardless construction materials, technologically speaking are behind.

Just love it and was in an excellent condition.  I will recommend all my friends to check them out. Thanks

Full review at MetalArcade.NetThe Samsung Galaxy S III was  one of the fastest-selling smartphones ever created. The Galaxy S series has quickly become the iPhone's greatest competitor, and once I got my hands on the Galaxy S4, it was easy to see why. While some may knock the aesthetics of the device (it may be a smudge magnet, but I find it to be quite sleek-looking), the S4 has one of the most beautiful screens I've seen on a smartphone; its 1080p 5 inch Super AMOLED screen combined with a powerful graphics chip and quad core processor creates truly beautiful imagery.  The Galaxy S4 is extremely feature-rich, to the point that it may seem gimmicky, and it does come with a fair amount of bloatware. However, the few negatives I found during my time with the S4 are far outweighed by the positives.Though the Galaxy S4 looks largely the same as last year's model, it somehow manages to come in at a lighter weight and smaller size while packing a larger battery and bigger screen. Qualcomm's Snapdragon 600 quad-core processor certainly packs a punch; during my time with the Galaxy S4 I never encountered any lag, frame-rate drops or overheating. I tested it with some pretty graphically-intensive titles, too: Asphalt 7: Heat, Need For Speed Most Wanted, Iron Man 3: The Official Game and Dungeon Hunter 4 all performed admirably, with silky-smooth frame rates and stunning, vibrant detail. I should mention that I tested these titles while the device was paired with PowerA's MOGA Pro Controller, and still encountered no noticeable lag.The Galaxy S4`s IR blaster is definitely a welcome addition. With the included WatchOn app, you can control your TV, cable box, and even Netflix. It's much more intuitive and useful than it sounds; I thought it would be cumbersome to use and difficult to set up, but it's quite the opposite. There's a ton of other features, which range from cool to unnecessary. One of the more noteworthy ones is S Health, which can be useful. The app can use the phone's many sensors to track your daily steps; once it knows your weight, height, and fitness goals, it can tell you how many daily calories you need. Really, all of this can be done on something like the MyFitnessPal third party app, but the step counter will be useful to some. Some of the features that came off as a bit gimmicky or unnecessary include things like Air Gesture and Air View, as well as the feature that auto-pauses video when you turn your head. All of these worked fine, and were cool to show off, but I felt these tasks could be easier accomplished just by using the touch screen. Of course, you also need to think about the toll all these things can take on your battery life. Though in my tests, even with every available feature turned on, the battery life on the Galaxy S4 was excellent. There's plenty of other neat stuff included, like the ability to share media with other devices, translate language while traveling, and scribble notes down.Overall, the Galaxy S4 is a great choice for those who are in the market for a new high-end smartphone. The insane variety of features can be a bit overwhelming at first, but a fair amount of them are quite useful, and the camera, processor and graphics chip in the Galaxy S4 are hard to beat. The S4 packs just about every feature you could ever want in a smartphone, and even some you didn't even know you wanted.

I thought it was a 4G phone only to find out its only 3G im disappointed really unsatisfied or I wasn't given enough information . I really wanted a 4G Lte

I've just recieved the phone, and the shipping box has a huge sticker with warning: "American model: This product is only compatible with a sim-card from a mobile operator within the americas."What about the promised "Factory Unlocked Phone - International Version"?I'm very disappointed...:(

All perfect... just in time and complete all my spectatives, really i like very much and no problem with this itemAll perfect...

buy this product hoping it was unlocked internationally, to reach my destination Venezuela I grab the phone signal and I get t-mobile icons, it seems a joke to this product and can not use it, I need to respond as soon possible

it was perfect and I love it. Also, it was amazing cell phone, and I recommend it for one of my friend which make her bought it from here.

i like it..when is Samsung galaxy S III  will be updated?i need updated version of sIII  soon for better use

I recently purchased a Samsung galaxy s4 and when I received it I was joyful but as in a couple of weeks of just being a month old, the phone started to freeze up and not react to my touch through the touch screen. I took out the battery I looked online for help and nothing my last resort was to factory reset it I was helpless I had to delete everything just to get it to work. smh Also it didn't even say Samsung galaxy s4 on the back , FALSE ADVERTISING. it shows that in the picture. you guys need to check you inventory before selling it with glitches and malfunctions . I will never buy from you again. PLEASE LISTEN TO THE REVIEWS, as I should of as I was reading before I purchased. i'm not saying you shouldn't buy from them but be aware.

I love this phone.  It is one of the best I have ever had.

Great mobile!!! I've been a huge fan of the Galaxy S lineage since its first release. And they keep up with great since then.

The phone is easily to be use and operate. It has lots of good and life enriching applications that helps me start my day. This phone is much more better than Iphone 5s.

Less than 2 months after buying the device, it started to show signs of problems. The device on its own is nice, but I cant figure out whats making it &#34;go wild&#34;.After charging the phone until 100%, I used for 15min and it just turned off, with a warning that its battery was empty. A few moments later I tried to turn it on again, it showed 15% power, and without beeing connected to the charger, it charged until 33%.Really regreating to have bought it.

It dropped from a half meter, my pocket weight and the screen crashed, i will try the warranty in my country

Very cool phone, but need a software update cause it restarts very often with the camera and other apps. The screen is amazing but also its get hot quickly. The battery last less than a day so you need to deactivate some features to save power.

after she saw my HTC one.the video, sound quality, and built. Htc one is simply destroying the S4.if you like to watch videos or play games on your phone, the audio of the HTC one is the BEST ever on a phone!the S4 looks like a piece of cheap plastic.

We purchased (2) Samsung Galaxy S4 (black mist) phones and have had them just under a week now.  [tho we didn't buy them via amazon...i thought some may appreciate reading my take on it]While there are some pretty nifty features about the S4, I must fore warn those out of there that while it advertises 13mp camera; don't get the S4 if photo quality is of importance to you on a phone.  If its not one of the items on your 'checklist' and you don't mind some poor clarity of phone photos - which is me, I was not interested in the phone to get amazing photos out of it.  It has enough other features to make up for the poor clarity... in my opinion.Parts of me want to send it back and exchange it for some other phone.  But I think that is the 'perfectionist' in me wanting better picture clarity of this phone.  The S4 is replacing my HTC Thunderbolt [which by the way has an 8MP camera, & its' photo clarity / quality is much better than the S4!]There is some really cool things this phone has the capabilities of doing.  This review @  [...]  was one of many I considered when debating what phone we should replace my htc thunderbolt with.I am bummed about 2 apps [KeePass Droid & EasyMoney] I use a lot not being able to import data at all from my microSD card (from the htc) on to the S4.  I see the files to be selected in the folder - its' there on the sd card, but the apps on the S4 when selecting 'import' do not recognize the proper file(s).  There are Several folders & files actually that I can see that are on the SD card that thru those apps it doesn't even recognize their existence.On a POSITIVE note about this phone:  some Feature(s) I DO LOVE  --- SBeam  [like i said earlier we purchased (2) S4 phones; 1 for me and 1 for my husband]  the "SBeam" allows us to share photos, videos, apps etc with eachother easily thru a 'kiss' of the phones.  [putting the phones together, back to back].- Tv/DVR remote control (via the WatchOn app)- Easy access to multiple 'features' of the phone via a quick slide of the finger to the notification panel...turn on / off  wi-fi, bluetooth, sbeam, too many other features to name here.- Neat to be able to take Still Picture snapshots while recording video (again not very good quality of photos, but perhaps that is in the hand of operator --maybe i'm not holding it still enough or something.  and maybe I still need to work on that.]I will leave my review at this for now and will try & remember to come back w/ an update as we have more time to learn more about the S4 features.Hope this has been of help to you!

Excellent product from Samsung! I purchased it on December 14, 2013 and I received it on the 18th of December 2013. I live in Jamaica so when it finally reached here the carrier made a slight adjustment to my sim card and it worked perfectly. It was a brand new phone with all the manuals and accessories labled. Excellent HD bright display, slim and light weight, amazing apps, functions as a pc and tablet. I would definitely recommend this product to a everyone.

Good

The device is pretty slick in operation, however, i only have the device for about over a month now, and the Charging Port on the device is non-operational. Apparently it probably shorted out, and that circuit needs to be changed, ive used an Anker external battery charger on it recently so i dont know if something went wrong right after that, so to fellow users be aware of the tender nature and nomenclature of your device.

Bought this because of the marketing hype, like usual. I had the iPhone 4S and was looking to upgrade, but wanted to try something different. I have used android in the past, and didn't care for it, but with the direction Apple is going, thought it would be worth it. I was wrong.First of all, I must say Samsung had some things right. The screen is gorgeous, good color and resolution, but I feel just a little too big. Swiping down for notification center is a big awkward with one hand, stuff like that. Another thing so right is the performance. That 1.6Ghz snapdragon shows its stuff in games and common tasks. Jelly bean feels super snappy, as did CyanogenMod 10.1, while rooted. I was able to achieve a 1.8Ghz overclock, stable. The 2Gb of ram is great for multitasking, just a great performer overall. Also, descent battery life, and the 4G is super fast. However, it stops there.After initial setup, the phone restarted. No reason, just did. I brushed this aside, since it was a new phone. This problem persisted. I've had the thing restart midway through a phone call. Apps crash often, generally unstable. After rooting the phone and installing CyanogenMod, the restart problem still persisted, even with no overclock or tweaks. I wasn't happy, so I went through the whole RMA process with Amazon, essentially without a phone for a week. Not happy.The new one worked well, I only had it restart when I pushed the overclock a little too far, to be expected. This one wasn't nearly as bad, but it was still just not right. While holding it, it doesn't feel the same quality as an iPhone, it almost feels cheap. The back is all plastic, digitizer is fragile, and once while taking the back off this new one, I turned it around to see a nice small crack in the LCD. Small, but there, and a very big issue.The thing is, this phone is garbage and Samsung knows it. Their previous Galaxy devices were great, but greed it turning them into a money-hungry company that produces beer cans for products. There is no excuse to be having these problems on a $600+ device. When my next replacement comes in another week, I will be selling it and getting an HTC one X, as I suggest anyone still looking at this device should do, while you still have the chance. Far better product, with an aluminum body and solid construction. There should be no hesitation here, Samsung brings nothing to the table except hair pulling out.

Absolutely great, this phone was that i was waiting for !  Thank you, for everything ! i will buy here again, ! Sorry for my English.

Excelente tel&eacute;fono, funciona de maravilla.

I bought this phone to replace a broken S4 I had for under a week. After talking with Sprint support, I found out that this phone can only be activated on AT&T and T-Mobile. THIS SHOULD BE NOTED ON AMAZON'S PAGE

The only problem is that Iordered it black (&#34;Black Mist&#34;), and the actual box says it is black (&#34;BlackMist&#34;), however I found a WHITEphone inside. Other than that - awesome.

A substantial number of Samsung devices, S4 included, and mine included, at one point fail or stop connecting to WiFi, issuing a message "WiFi Authentication Failed".Simply google "Android Wifi Authentication Failed"The thread below is a great example for dozens and dozens of S4 owners holding WiFi Lemons with no ownership taken by Samsung:forums dot androidcentral dot com slash samsung-galaxy-s4 slash 278290-galaxy-s4-wifi-problem-authentication-error dot htmlSamsung has had this problem already with S3, where WiFi stopped working for many after an OS upgrade. They and Google have not taken ownership of the problem. Buying an S4 is risking killing your cellular data plan as you are left with no WiFi alternative.

Purchased Samsung Galaxy s4 and two months later the phone starts turning itself on and off and will not stop until you take out the battery.  As soon as you replace the battery it starts turning on and off again.  Phone is worthless.  Contacted FGS they said &#34;Sorry dude International unlocked phones don't have warranties?  I guess that is common knowledge to everyone in the world but me because they did not bother to point out that fact when in made the purchase on Amazon.  Don't think I will purchase on amazon again unless their affiliate makes good on this one.  I would call FGS - but my phone doesn't work...

I bought these phones to give them as Christmas presents for my childrens but they won't get them till Christmas eve, they are going to be pleasantly surprised I hope.

The product was NOT unlocked! They sent me a phone locked to Claro wireless out of Argentina. I ended up paying 20$ to a third party so I could use it. The phone itself is fine but the seller should not have listed it as unlocked. What a scam.

Just love my phone... have so many functions I never had with my old blackberry... I think is an excelent phone

the perfect smart phone at work, at home, or on the street, no doubt adapted equipment to all communication needs and versatility.

Samsung galaxy S4 has been built with high configurations and many new features. But it doesn't have a basic feature FM Radio at its cost.

Whereas the Samsung Galaxy S4 I9505 is superior in terms of processors (1.9 instead of 1.6) and network flexibility (additionally to 2G and 3G (which both have), the I9505 also supports 4G/LTE  (which is already working in many countries)[...][...][...]see also: [...]

need help no sim card works, acts as if it is not been inserted,I have tried the sim on other cell phones and this good. no se por que no lee mi tarjet sim la he probado en otros telefonos celulares y funciona

The phone stopped working after only 3 days use! No warranty, no recourse! Why is my review not posted? Not coursing, merely stating a fact, a lot of money down the drain!

I like this product because it is an excelent mobile phone. I've been using this product for 20 days until now. And I love it.The camera is perfect and the air gesture works great!.

The only word to describe this phone is out of this world &#34;Massive&#34;. It works perfect with all the networks in the Caribbean, in Trinidad and Tobago it puts you a cut above the rest. Surpasses all expectations..........!

People, be aware that none of these unlocked phones support the AWS1 band of t-mob. So the internet will be uneven and slow. It is not this sellers fault. It is the fault of the samsung and other manufacturers like HTC. Ggle play is selling the same phone as well as HTsee 1 for $650. but it is useless. I don't say that it won't work, but i do say that you will get broken internet UNLESS you buy the t-mob version (carrier version) which has a modified software to support AWS1. do some research before buying if you want yor money well spent!

this smartphone is the best in the world. I got a iphone but the samsung no compare! Buy and enjoy

Excellent cell phone, fast, easy to write especially because I was used to a physical keyboard. Camara has a lot of options so one can have a lot of fun with friends using them

Phone has a nice size screen and display. Watching movies are fun.I came from Iphone , tried this phone but returned it for Blackberry Z10.Its not a  bad phone but its not as effcient , intutive and productive as Blackberry Z10.Blackberry has its share of issues (mainly on the Apps side), but i am not a heavy app addict.And i prefer a fast , responive and productive device, which unfortunatly S4 is not.I wish it had an OS of Blackberry instead of Android. That would have been a perfect device.

The product arrive ok to the hotel. The cellphone works very good and is amazing.It was ok.Samsung S4 it's ok.

Update 6/5/13:I started running out of battery quickly, and could not figure out why. Well, I now know the problem(s). I turned everything on. If you turn on every bit of technology this phone has to offer, you'll go through the battery faster than a Ferrari goes through gas. I would run out of charge in 14 hours....with very little use. I am now trying to figure out what I can't live without. I still think I have a lot to learn on this phone, especially having discovered "developer mode." You will not find it in your settings. It is hidden. To "unlock" it, here's what you have to do: Go to Settings, then go to About Device then scroll down to Build Number and tap it 7 times (I later heard you can tap 5 times, but I did 7). You'll get a little pop up saying that you have enabled developer mode. You can now debug USB, etc.....just when I thought I was getting to the meat of the phone, I discover all these other things. I'm going to keep searching, I might even find a personal cloaking device in here! ;)One more thing, be careful with contact info. I accidently merged two accounts, and so one was deleted. I had to manually re-enter it.Original:It's nice to have a phone with such a large, brite screen....especially when your eyes aren't as good as they used to be. We had iPhone 5's and they were fine, but there was a lot missing. Let me first tell you that the phone is pretty amazing, but also has some quirks. I am not an Apple hater (we have several ipads, including 2 mini's), and I was tempted to stay with the iphones, however, since we were able to upgrade, we thought we'd give it a chance. Keep in mind that I used to have a Samsung Brightside (dumb phone) and I HATED it, so it was tough to get these.Obviously, the ability to throw in a 64 gig card, pull it out, and put everything onto my computer/external drive, etc., and I have to say, it is very convenient. Another wonderful thing is the battery. It lasts a long, I mean LONG, time. One thing to note, if you let it drop to below 15% charge, it says that it could effect how well the battery charges....so, when you see you are at 15%, start charging.So, yes, there is a lot you can do, and the difference between doing it and doing it well are two different things! You will probbaly learn as you go, and you will find great videos, but if you are hoping for a book , don't hold your breath. The literature is sparse (and that's being kind).I got ours through Verizon and it came preloaded with so many useless apps, that I can't stand it, especially since it tells you that deleting preinstalled apps may cause other apps to not function...and maybe the phone, too???? Down one star. If I want google to know all of my contacts,etc., I'll do it myself. It's very intrusive! I also don't need ATLEAST half of the apps that it came with.Ok, with that said, I think I'm going to have to take some kind of class. This phone is not intuitive. I found the iPhone much more user friendly....but good things come to those who wait, right? The camera is AMAZING, clear, crisp, and super fast. Just keep taking pictures,it works well.The flash will wash out the image a bit, but I really didn't expect Canon quality (though quality is excellent).Scrolling by nodding/tilting your head is great....when it works. It's quite quirky, and at least 50% of the time I end up using my finger to scroll down. Too, finicky. But it's cool to show your friends, and does have its uses.I have enough remotes, so have not used it.However, I have no doubt it works. This is simple technology compared to everything else it does.With an Otterbox case, it is as thick as the iPhone, just about....but the Otterbox makes it feel really nice and less fragile. You can customize so much that it will take a while to get it the way you want it, but once you do,watch out! You'll love it.....at least, I did! :) Even with all this coverage and protection, typing is EASY and accurate! MUCH better than with the iPhone.....I always was making mistakes, but notany more. The large keyboard is perfect for me and my fingers. Music plays well and is easy to use.Reception is great! Before,in places where my iPhone would almost drop me, I have no problems! I hadn't expected this, but it is a nice surprise! Internet is fast and it picks up my Wi-Fi easily, all over the house, but not as good as the iPhone, which stayed connected almost to our corner!Speaker clarity is very good while vibration strength is mediocore. Fonts are okay, and you can download plenty more, some are and some will cost you.  Pairing with my car was easy. I wish I could figure out how to print to my wi-fi printer, but like I said, there is so much to learn.If you don't have the patience, get the iPhone, but if you don't mind taking some time (a semester or two?), then consider this phone.

this is what you call a &#34;smartphone&#34; not the iPhone this phone is like carrying the world in a quarter of a second in your pocket. Its high tech stuff and works really fast this is the real thing you should try to get it sometime you will love it

I just recently upgraded my phone from the Motorola Droid X, mainly because the Droid after 3 years was beginning to give up the ghost, sections of the screen were going out, battery was giving up and just starting to have problems.  I loved my Droid X but it was also beginning to show its age with the older Android operating system as well.So, after hearing good things about the Galaxy 3 and Galaxy 4, I decided to check them both out and reluctantly make the upgrade.  After checking both, I decided to go with the latest technology in the S4.What I did like about the S4 is that it has  the latest Android 4.2.2 and will be one of the first upgraded when the newest system comes out.  The S4 has a fantastic camera, a powerful quad-core processor, and software solutions for just about every scenario -- including working as a TV/DVR remote. It's also comfortable to hold, although a bit slick sometimes.  It has NFC, a user-replaceable battery, and a microSD storage slot.Although some people will complain about its plastic design giving it a cheaper look than its rivals and even though I came from a medal Droid X, this didn't bother me so much, I found the look to be modern and nice to look at.  The new features that Samsung brings are mostly flash though and I don't think I would use several of them on a regular basis but it does have a solid set of toys to play with and the new features are cool just not something that is revolutionary.The S4 has a list of features that will keep you occupied and the Galaxy S4 is a solid phone with a big-screen and a do-everything smartphone although those of you who have an S3 will only find a small upgrade from your phone as from my perspective I couldn't tell any major differences that would have caused me to go from the S3 to the S4.This phone is a bit pricey here as compared to those with contracts but if you need an unlocked phone for international use then expect to pay at least 600 for an unlocked version.

My GS3, which I had for only slightly over a year, broke (apparently sudden-death-syndrome) and obviously after a year the warranty period is done, so I had to shell out out-of-pocket money for a new unlocked phone or risk another 2 year contract when my current one isn't finished. I figured I wanted to update my gs3 to a gs4 anyway, so I went ahead and ordered this one, which was a better option than some others I've looked at. Contrary to the reviews I read on here about receiving broken s4s or non-unlocked ones, mine was perfectly fine. An American sim model. Popped in my at&t sim card and works like usual. Aside from losing all data from my device memory from the gs3, and the fact that it's non at&t so the services linked with at&t are sub-par, it does what it's suppose to do. At home with my home internet wifi, it definitely runs faster and better than my gs3, but outside where I have to rely on my data, it runs significantly slower, especially when it comes to streaming videos. I would think that's a problem with compatibility between having a factory unlocked phone using an at&t service compared to having an at&t specific phone working with at&t services. I just hope this one doesn't die on me prematurely.

I recommend this product because it has met all my expectations, thank you very much for all the care, see you soon

Phone doesn't detect the SIM card. I thought it will work outside USA (especially in India) as the product says international version on it. I have send the phone as a gift since it didn't work I had to get it back. I am very much disappointed.

I don't typically write reviews but I feel as though I should warn people about how fragile this phone is. Trust me, I'm an avid samsung fan and have been using the s2 for the past 2 years. I was beyond excited when the s4 came out. It worked perfectly for a month and then the screen became discolored. I sent it to samsung to get it repaired and now they're wanting to charge me $200 to get a LCD digitizer repair.I have never dropped this phone and have babied it for the month I had it and still a tiny crack underneath the screen showed up. There are many people I've seen with the same issue if you just google the issue. I expected better service from samsung and honestly this bad experience may push me to never get samsung again.

People who are saying this is a rip off, it is not. The price is different from the AT&T; retail price is because the international version has 8cores vs. the 4cores the AT&T;, Sprint and other US carriers have.I hope this clears up the misunderstanding of the pricing.

This review will be the horror story I faced with this S4 phone which was a horrible phone. I don't believe in second or third chances, if it's gonna be a bad phone, i let it and leave it at that.I'd previously had a DROID RAZR, and I'm basically not new to the Android scene. Decided I'd try this and got it from a friend for a decent price after he'd switched networks. The phone was only two weeks old, so I figured, hey, won't be a bad move I'll see how it goes. I added insurance for the benefit as well because I always seem to destroy phones in some event etc.Well, the keyboard this ships with DID not originally auto-correct or capitalize. For example, on the RAZR OR iPhone, if you type i it makes it capitalize to I. The s4 leaves the I lowercased. I went to the Play store in hopes of finding a suitable keyboard and found one that looked just like the RAZR's keyboard. The keyboard worked sufficiently for what i needed, but everytime I typed, the phone hounded me that my info could possibly be seen by a third party because I was using a third party keyboard. As I work in computers for a living and have different clientele this wouldn't work as info could get out. Back to original bad (imo) keyboard.The battery held substantially well, but when you'd put the phone to sleep (at least my phone to sleep) it wouldn't &#34;wake up&#34; and acted as if it was out of charge. Sure enough plug it in, waiting for the battery with dots underneath to appear, and dead phone. Went to Verizon, bought new battery, same result. Flip cover fell off and caused phone to bounce on cement and dented the side.Had the phone for 2 weeks, was the worst two weeks of any phone I've owned. I got it in the first 2 weeks it was launched as a friend had switched carriers and he got another S4 which he loves, so it could have had an SW update that greatly helped it, but I was just not impressed. I give phones one chance, I don't go back.I'm not bagging on this phone, i just want to get awareness out about it. I think that the whole warranty thing is stupid with Verizon. Apple carries all warranties over to enw owners, and when calling about the status on this phone, was told the warranty is voided because of the phone being reactivated on my line, and not still on the original owners. They offered me 50$ nonrefundable insurance, which i took up, to leave the phone before i even got the first bill on it.Just a long headache with this phone, i needed to rant. I actually sold this back to verizon and bought a 5c back from them.

Excellent phone. Its Android. . Nothing else needs to be said. Its unlocked and I was able to use Sim immediately.

It's like a mini-computer in the palm of your hands.  I Can't wait to see what the S5 is like...

I wont bore you with long item by item comparisons.My requirement for a cell phone is 50% business 50% entertainment.Personally I am 20% g33k and 80% "guy who needs to get stuff done".With that out of the way, here are my impressions.There are a lot of very cool features on the galaxy like "air" features which allow control of the phone without actually touching it and "Smart" features which examine pictures of your face to determine if you are looking at the screen. However, these features function intermittintly at best, and even if they were rock solid, are of limited utility. I dont advise anyone to buy this phone based on these features.One "feature" that the phone boasts is how slim it is. This comes at the cost of an inadequate battery. I, personally would rather deal with a thicker phone and a solid 24 hour battery life than this tiny tank of a battery and power hyngry phone.Many would say that there are features that I should turn off to preserve battery life, and they are correct, however I don't belive that a person should have to allocete time to configure his or her phone characteristics to match the situation that they are in at that point in time; a situation that may change in hours or even minutes.Mulltimeda integration is a hodgpodge of high performance and low integration. You will not be able to plug the phone into USB host and play music, your phone will not be recognized as a valid data store. you will have to use bluetooth.Despite all this, I do get the functionality that I want out of the phone. The battery is easily changeable. Memory expansion is a breeze with micro SD. The screen is large, and the camera is sharp.  My last phone was an iphone 4 and did not compare well in these regards. Even though it was superior in multimedia capability, intergration and operation, this S4 is a better overall fit for my day to day.Given a "do-over", I would have gotten the S3 as the "cost to utility" ratio is more favorable.

My Samsung Galaxy S4 has broken 4 times. Each time I&#8217;m without the phone for about 10 days. I am now waiting for my 5th phone. The phones will work for a while and then they heat up and drain the battery in about 90 minutes. Sometimes they just stop working. I had the monthly service plan for several months but the data connection did not work in my area.  So the monthly service plan served no purpose. I changed to the prepay plan where I depend on WIFI for email and Internet access. It works better for me that way when the phone is working. The Samsung Galaxy has been a serious disaster for me so far. Maybe I&#8217;ll eventually get lucky and get a good phone. You will need a backup phone while the Samsung Galaxy is in for repair.My review is not good because I've had very bad luck with the Galaxy.  I just don't have anything good to write about. I know people who have had great success.

It is a great phone, and I had no problem using the phone in different countries as it is the international version.

After owning an S4 I9500 for about three months, I had the same problem with the swollen battery as apparently thousands of other users. The phone will restart (and keep doing that in a loop) anytime you use a function that demands a lot from the battery (apps, camera or just opening up the menu sometime). Called customer service in my country and they had never heard about the &#34;global recall&#34; that apparently started in Germany. Also, not that rarely the phone would show a message saying that either the SIM or the SD cards were removed abruptly. To cap it all, a day before my birthday I dropped (not threw) the phone from about 1 m/3 ft and got that beautiful, common result of a broken LCD display. This was a very expensive phone in my opinion: $600 (phone) + $25 (replacement battery) + $200 (LCD repair).

bought my galaxi in July, now after 3 months it does not charge.  I can not fix it using the warranty because I live in Brazil and bought it on Amazon.com in the USA.I don't know to do.

Nice adquisition, good  software and resolution,looks like a tablet for its size, by the moment working goodhighly recommend this product

Update:I've upgraded my rating on this phone because I learned that I can disable most of the pre-installed apps that I don't want and they disappear from the display. To do so, I went to Settings, selected the More... tab, then selected Application manager. Then I clicked on the RUNNING tab. After that I disabled apps that I did not want by selecting them one by one. My battery life is now significantly better, though I still charge my phone nightly.At $199 with AT&T; contract and about $50 for a SanDisk Ultra 64 GB MicroSDXC Class 10 memory card, I wound up with the equivalent capacity of $399 IPhone 5. Plus I can change the battery myself when needed and the camera is better. Also, I can simply drag and drop files to my S4 from my PC using a USB cable.The learning curve may be a little longer with the S4, but in my opinion it is definitely worth it.Original Review:I would rate the phone very highly except for the following:1) Unwanted factory installed apps cannot be deleted. Buy it and you are stuck with Samsung bloatware. For instance, you get Maps, Navigation, and AT&T; Navigator apps. If you decide you like one, you cannot delete the other two. If you prefer a 3rd part app, you cannot delete the pre-installed ones.2) Some apps, such as Maps, keep running even after exiting them. In the case of Maps, multiple instances are sometime found running concurrently3) Some apps run all the time unnecessarily and restart themselves if they are stopped using the Application Manager. Samsung Link and WatchOn are examples of this.4) The unnecessary running of unneeded/unwanted apps results in intolerably short battery life. I sometimes have to charge my S4 twice a day.

Very good looking, good termination, good quality. I'm very satisfied. Igual don hace more words, then please no bored us demanding a minimun number of words!!!!!!

The phone in general is perfect good, but the camera says error when I try to use it!! e e

Excellent, came as such a description in the notice of purchase, although I found it odd that I can not with the print of the screen, any problem with the shipping, all ok recommend

Great phone and very easy to get used to! Got to me on time with no problems what so ever.

The best cell phone ever. I had the Galaxy S3, bit the S4 is much better. It is an awsome phone.

Where do I begin? I upgraded from teh HTC Sensation, and the increase in performance is great. The phone does not break a sweat running apps, and there is a lot of memory so there no noticeable lag in performance. Mind you I have the quad core version from Tmobile. The screen itself is large, and very bright. There is a tinge of blueish-green when it is not lit up, but other than that, it is clear and I can't ask for more. It is though, a little large in the hand, with my thumb not being able to get across the whole screen, so if you think that you have small hands, you may want to hold it with both hands. Some people may complain of the polycarbonate body, but it is pretty sturdy and feels good in the hands. It also lends to the fact that the phone is light, very light for its size, and if the case is broken or dented, it should be relatively cheap to repair. Consider replacing a phone that is sealed, and how difficult that may be.The phone requires a micro sim, and it does come with a port for an SD card which if you own the 16gb version, you will be using. Samsung has loaded this phone up with some cool features, but nothing you can't already get. If you do not want the extra features, I would wait for google to release their version of the SGS4, which is going to be running a stock version of android.On to battery life. It is awesome. I am an average user. This is my primary phone and I talk about 2-3 hours on it daily. I surf the net, watch Netflix for roughly an hour, and text a lot. I keep the bluetooth and wifi running 24/7, and have disabled all of the sensors that I believe are a waste. That being said, the battery gives me roughly 12-14 hours a day, with me unplugging the phone at 7:30am and plugging it back in around 11pm, and still having 20% of juice left.I've mentioned the sensors.... I think that air view and air gesture were a little rushed. They really IMO do not work as advertised. Good effort, but needs a lot more work, and if you have them enabled, battery life is taking a hit. The internal speaker is what can be expected of any phone speaker, loud and a little annoying, but as I said, what can you expect out of it. That said, I think that the iphone speaker is a little better.Connectivity wise, I have very good reception with this phone, 4g anywhere I go, bluetooth works flawlessly, and gps is perfect reception. Wifi also is really good, with fast speeds.Call clarity is very good, especially if you are tmobile to tmobile, and if your phone supports HD calling. I definitely think that call clarity is a lot better than that of the iphone, which,whenever I speak to anyone who owns an iphone, it always sounds somewhat muffled.As for Samsung's TouchWiz, I've heard a lot of people bash it, but it really works pretty well. Layout is pretty well thought out, and to me, it makes sense. You really can't go wrong with it, unless you are an Android purist, in which case you can wait for the stock version to be released.

After a year of having this product the screen burned and is dead now, it was a waste of money

I recently decided to ditch Verizon and my contract with them and go with a no-contract carrier. At the same time I decided to upgrade my phone (Motorola Droid X2) and after comparing many different options settled on the Samsung Galaxy S4. Before switching to Android in 2010 I was an iPhone owner so I will also try to give my perspective on that end here.--------------------Initial Impressions:The S4 is a really nice piece of hardware. Aesthetically it is light-years ahead of my old Droid. My wife settled on a white S4 which is very clearly inspired by Apple's consumer electronics design philosophy. I settled on the 'black mist' phone and it's equally impressive though a bit more rugged looking. The screen is huge and incredibly clear. In comparing the S4 to the S2-Note the phones aren't that different in terms of dimensions. Though the phone is large it is very slim and fits easily and comfortably in my pants pocket.--------------------Specifications:As I mentioned the S4 is a large phone due in no small part to the 5" screen. The exact measurements are: 136.6(l) x 69.8(w) x 7.9(h) mm. For being packed with technology the phone is a svelte 4.6 ounces or 130 grams.The screen features 441ppi, 1080p resolution (1920x1080) and is a wonder to behold. App tiles, widgets, images and video are crisp, clear and instantly made my previous phone seem incredibly antiquated.The processor comes in two different flavors. My phone comes with the 1.6GHz, Octa-core processor though a 1.9GHz Quad-core processor is also available. The S4 features 2Gb of RAM. Memory comes in at either 16/32/64Gb built-in and expandable via MicroSD. The S4 accepts up to a 64Gb MicroSD card.--------------------Operating System & Hardware:If you're an Android fan (and I am) then Jelly Bean (v.4.2.2) is really a nice evolution from Ice Cream Sandwich and previous Android versions. I won't launch into a full-fledged iOS vs. Android comparison here but I will hit on my favorite parts of Jelly Bean.Google:The search bar in Google has been refined and positioned to offer more than just a simple click-search function and is called "Google Now". Now your "wall" (whenever you tap on the Google search bar) is a full-fledged hub of activity. Google aggregates important data from your email, social media accounts, weather, GPS and more to populate your wall with instantly relevant and recognizable information. At the end of my workday for example my wall is already populated with my GPS-estimated time to get home, traffic data, and route-avoidance data. If I make a purchase online the tracking data is displayed on my Google wall. If it's a friends birthday it'll be displayed or important appointments and tasks. It's an incredible feature that is quickly becoming my favorite feature of my phone.Camera:The S4 features two cameras, a rear-facing 13 mega-pixel and a forward-facing 2 mega-pixel camera. The camera takes fast and beautiful photos for being so limited by the dimensions of the phone and inherent limitations. This isn't a replacement to your Nikon SLR but it's great for snapping quick pictures while on the go and in situations where extra gear just isn't practical. Some of my favorite aspects of the camera include PhotoSphere that lets you take 360 and wide-angle shots and a burst-mode for firing off a rapid series of photos. Swiping while in the camera-mode will instantly bring up your photo album and swiping back will bring the camera back for snapping more photos.Keyboard:Swipe or a Swipe-like app comes standard on 4.2.2 and is even better than previous versions. The text-prediction function is very accurate and makes typing emails and texts a breeze. The keyboard is customizable to a incredible degree from key-mapping, hot-key, language settings and more. I text in Spanish to my mom and English to pretty much everyone else and the built-in dictionary adapts perfectly to my texting.Hover:This is an interesting feature that allows you to hover your finger over an item of interest and have the sized up and brought forward onscreen. It's like previewing something (i.e. an article) without committing to opening/launching it.--------------------iPhone vs. Galaxy S4:I have not owned an iPhone since the 3GS, however, have many friends who use the device and thus exposure to Apple's products and iOS. I won't argue the merits of either except to say that Android is a better fit for me and at this point I can't see myself ever going back to Apple's products. However, I recognize that to some folks Apple is the better solution. For certain I find that Apple's iOS is simpler, probably instantly more easy to use and familiar. Android comes in so many flavors because it is customized by so many different carriers and phone manufacturers. So one's experience with Android is heavily dependent on the phone and the manufacturer of the device unlike Apple who has control over the entire experience.--------------------What I like about the S4:(+) Excellent battery life. I'm not on my phone all day. Particularly at work I do not frequently use my phone. I do however, increase my usage considerably in the afternoons, evening and weekends. I've been pleased that a single charge overnight will get me through my entire day.(+) Google Now. As mentioned above this is really becoming the focal point of my experience on my phone.(+) Camera. My wife and I stopped carrying our Nikon point-and-shoot camera and have been very happy with the pictures we've been snapping with out phones. Coupled with Dropbox (or another Cloud storage provider) we've got instant back-ups of our pictures and they're already on our laptop, desktop and tablet when we get home.(+) Call quality. My carrier provides the option to make and receive calls over 4G or WiFi(VoIP) and the call quality has been really very good.(+) Ease of use. Connecting to Bluetooth devices, WiFi, wireless printers is a snap and very, very quick with the S4/Jelly Bean.--------------------What I dislike about the S4:(-) Our 16Gb phones come loaded with Samsung apps that I really don't intend on using. Out of our 16Gb, only 9Gb are open for use. Obviously the MicroSD card makes up for storage so this is relatively minor.(-) After about a week of use my wife's S4 could no longer take pictures. We tried several troubleshooting steps but ultimately her phone was replaced by our carrier. We probably simply received a lemon but we're monitoring our expensive phones for any additional faults.--------------------Closing:Samsung has really delivered a stellar product. Coupled with Google's excellent Jelly Bean Android OS the S4 is a great marriage of power, function and accessibility. This is a fantastic phone that we hope lasts us a few years.

$1300 is way to much for any phone. If there were diamond inlay, gold leaf, and a laser shooter on it, it would be worth $1300, this is to much for any phone and should be treated like the scam it is.

The phone destroys all of the MicroSD cards that I installed into it. They work for a month then they stop working. This is a known problem with Samsung Galaxy phones. My question is: when will it be safe to install MicroSD cards into this phone. Will I have to send it in for service or will it be a software change?Review update:  I installed the Samsung brand card and it has survived over a month so far.  Looks like the way to go.  I am raising the rating to 4 stars.

The phone was a nice tool to have.  Most of the features advertised works, except the voice command for &#34;play&#34;.  I have researched the issue and realised that other persons are experiencing similar issues.  I contacted Samsung and the referred to one of their authorized dealers however the problem was not resolved.  So apart from the voice command issue, I really like my phone.

Excelent product, with all the accesories and fully functional. Also the box was losed, wich gives a security of the originality of the cellphone.

The mobile phone is good and I love it very much. so far, I haven't found anything I dislike. I will recommend to all my friends.

$1000 for the S4... really no.  You can get it through carriers without a contract for $639, give or take a little depending on which carrier, though I'm sure it's loaded with some of their bloatware, that isn't a deal breaker.  I'd wait just a little and see what the unlocked price will eventually settle at, I'm sure substantially less than that $1000.  I think the phone itself will be great, so I'll wait to get it through a carrier without contract or see what the unlocked price will be.

The phone was advertised and labeled as unlocked, but it was in fact locked. Tech Giant's response was oops sorry!

Why does it say this when I add it to the registry? Please fix this. It doesn't make any sense.

At first I was going to get the i9505 but with a little research found that this phone was better suited for my needs. Performs a bit bit better than the i9505 with the cost of lower battery life. So if you are looking for longer talk time then the i9505 is for you. LTE is a bit over rated at the moment depending on your service provider and location. Can't blame a crappy signal or lack of towers on the phone. I am using Straight talk service on this phone and it out performs my wife's iphone with the same service. Built quality is solid but i do recommend that  you get a case for this beauty. Screen picture is amazing! in its own class by far, and no lag or glitches when navigating through menu's. I do not understand why there are negative reviews with this seller or this product but the device is only as smart as the person using it!

When I received the phone and compare with a original SAmsung, we can identify this is a clone, the camera is not the same, the operative system, the functions, the plug, and others.you can not sell this kind of items in serious websites. I need a full refund

it's used sample and fast .but use  for  games ,  become very hot  .and made by plastic .if like iPhone made by aluminum it will perfect

I had been using a SE Xperia Arc for 1.5 years, and this phone is a complete level apart from it.It's fast, has a great camera, lots of gizmos and accessories, and the size is just at the limit of usable.I've been using it with a T-M**** chip and with a Claro (peruvian operator) chip and it haven't shown any problems so far.

They send me my phone by USPS and for a while was lost, after than many calls for Team TradeInterVama and I, appeared... Thank you so much definitely I recomend it

I am an iphone fan and bought this for my brother. I didnt like it, it is much bigger, menus are different. But he likes it so there you go ! I guess it is good.

I like This one becsuse is too fast and very important for my job. Is very good and hace very good prosscesor

I am yet to use it but all comments indicate that l have bought the best phone one can dream of. My concern is this, the phone has no Galaxy 4 logo on it and only the back has &#34;Samsung&#34; on it. This made it difficult for me to believe that l have the right phone. Apart from this it looks new as the seller described it.

firat I add to the cart a samsung s4 the white one, then when I proced to chek out the seller changed me the item to a black one and I didnt realize, I'm not happy with that but I can live with that. but the worst thing is that the Item tittle specific the samsung gt I9500, that means samsung s4 with octacore, but when I got the phone in my hand I recived the samsung gt I9505 (quad-core), so I recived the wrong item so im very very angry with this order.. I hope you can give me an answer to this big problem

Excellent product. It's working well with my Straight Talk unlimited *** prepaid plan :-).Will be able to test the &#34;local / unlock&#34; when I get a chance to use it with local service provider in countries outside USA.Prompt and fast delivery.The phone came with Korean language as default which I was able to change easily.It's my first Galaxy phone so i haven't been able to explore all the features as yet. Keep watching this space for any surprises I might uncover about features not working.So far, nothing to complain about the product. So, I will recommend this product to my friends.

It's a good smartphone, i recommend it to everyone. Much better than iphone 5. But i haven't been able to use the play store, and don't know how to fix it. I've erased all data of the app in the application manager but it hasn't worked.

This telephone is great a total difference from obsolete Blackberry. I would definitely recommend all BB users to switch to Samsung.

Worst phone ever. My wife and I sold our S4's for iPhone 5s. I had high hopes for Samsung but it was the worst mistake I ever made. The world phone S4 comes with mostly Arabic instructions and lettering. Bluetooth music was laggy and some iTunes music was not compatable. External memory (SD) card kept self-dismounting while installed. Spend your money elsewhere. We got shafted!

Good product and working well. The Android is the same in all devices but the galaxy has its own pros and cons.

From the time I saw the specs of this phone I fall in love with it.This  phone is choke to the neck with features.13 megapixel camera Quad-core 1.9 GHz Krait 300 Usb on the go, Bluetooth 4.0 , 441 pixel density .with Features like Samsung Home Sync,Samsung WatchON,S Health,Adapt Display,Adapt Sound ,Group Play- Share Music,Story Album,Samsung Hub, S Translator,ChatON,Air View ,Air Gesture,Samsung Smart Pause ,1080 x 1920 pixels,5 inch screen ,gorilla glass 3 ,DLNA, Gps and Glonass compatible ,Plays MP4/DivX/XviD/WMV/H.264/H.263 playerI own a nokia N8 for 2 years and this is the only phone that let me want to upgrade.The S4 has 8 sensors Accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass, barometer, temperature, humidity, gesture so it is ready for the future.Don't fool yourself, don't be brand minded,stick to your common sensesThe bottom line is samsung is up and running and they are not going to comeback to this field anytime soon. The phone has a Li-Ion 2600 mAh battery and  NFC ( near field communication )technology.The only thing I  dont like about this phone is the plastic housing,but is this really matters since you gonna put the phone in a rubber case anyway.The incredibly-wide FULL HD Super AMOLED screen ,Slim Body Unique textured Design is the smartphone of the day. Go and Live in a world of infinite possibilities,THIS PHONE IS BUILT FOR FUTURE TECHNOLOGY. The price is good also.GO GET IT or else you will be 4 X Sorry when you buy another high end smartphone.

Great cellphone with a lot of features, Samsung need to improve the face gesture. very good camera and resolution, with voice command.

Iam very satisfied with the product, shipping time and the description fits perfectly with the publication.Is a wonderfull and fastest phone, 100% recommend the product

Best smart phone I've ever had. Very smooth interface. Easy to personalize and use straight out of the box. After owning 6 months I am still impressed with the performance. I am also very happy with my average battery longevity approx 2+ days with little use or a full 14 hour day with browsing the web and playing games. The "swipe" keyboard is not as good as I am used to but was easily fixed with a 3rd party download.

Great phone, powerful, elegant and nice.I love the big screen. It is so easy to navigate on internet, view the apps.

I love this cellphone, but it came with an african charger, and i need to use an adaptor everywhere i go. I really like their effort of putting an extra adaptor with no extra charge, but i'd prefer the american charger.

Impressive quality. The 5&#34; 1080p Super AMOLED is amazing for the eyes.With the MHL connector, this is my official player for 1080p movies in my Full HD projector!Samsung smart screen is a must, it helps me all the time!

i love this phone ,I cant wait to buy 2 more phones for my wife and daughter.i know thy will love it Samsung Galaxy s

Ok, I have now had the Galaxy S4 for three weeks and I am ready to share my initial pros and cons vs the iPhone 5.  These are in order of importance to ME personally and each is real fact, not a theoretical issue, for me.Your order might be quite different than mine. And that might push you in a different direction than they pushed me.  I am interested in ALL feedback on these, especially additional pros and cons. But I am not looking for emotional opinions with no data or facts.### High Level:# GS4 Pros:Better ScreenBetter Text MessagingHigher Wow FactorGreat Back ButtonEasy to add free custom ringtonesVideos in Play StoreSet a custom font for everything# GS4 Cons:Horrible NotificationsWon't Sync Outlook MemosVisual Voicemail NOT FREENo Successful Air GesturesMultiple Restarts RequiredClumsier App SwitchingNo Silent Text Tone Per ContactAwkward Power Button PositionMore Accidental Screen TouchesToo Many App Stores# Other:Camera is great on bothNeither allows a ringtone per groupNeither phone flips screen upside down# Overall:The pros above do not outweigh the cons for me. I would stick with the iPhone and will probably sell my GS4 when the next iPhone comes out.### Details:For each topic above, I have included details for each:# GS4 Pros:Better Screen* The larger screen really is wonderful to watch and use* GS4 makes TVs and you can tell. The blacks are blacker, the colors more vibrant than I had on the iPhone 5.* People keep saying wow to the screen when they see it. Or they ask me to dim it.* Games are amazing on it due to the size and colors.Better Text Messaging* If you don't hit send on a message, that contact shows *draft*. I have MANY times had unsent messages in my iPhone I was unaware of.* Swype is a game changer. I used to want to throw my iPhone into a wall when typing, which I do a LOT. Swype allows me to type data in MUCH faster. Guinness World Record faster. And Swype FIXES capitalization for you!! I use this constantly! And it does select all, copy, cut, paste as well with a single keystroke. Fantastic.* You can select "ignore with text" on an incoming call. I use this feature a lot when in meetings or in a loud bar. Not on iPhone.* On the iPhone if you have a single unread text, it automatically opens it. Sometimes, you go to text someone you were just texting, but the phone switches you to the unread text and you don't notice and BAM you text the wrong person. I've done that LOTS. Not so with the GS4.* If you have more than one number or an email and a number, the iPhone just says the contact's name at the top. You have to click it to see what is in blue to know where the message is going to go. The GS4 shows the number or email at the top with the name.* It is easier to place a call from a text. Icon always visible at the top.* If you are doing an iMessage you do not get a character count even if you have the count setting on. Also it doesn't show till you hit 160 characters. The GS4 count is always present.* You can change the font size of a text by hitting volume up/down.Higher Wow Factor* Nobody ever says "wow, you have an iPhone!" to me. But in three weeks at least a dozen people have said wow to this phone for various different reasons. And that feels nice.Great Back Button* Still missing from the iPhone architecture are a menu button and a back button. Always in the same place. Makes for much easier navigation than on the iPhone.Easy to add free custom ringtones* No need to buy ringtones. Add your own tracks and edit them smaller.Videos in Play Store* The play store allows app sellers to include a video of the app. This is AWESOME as you can really get a feel for the app without installing it first. On the iPhone installing is always a gamble.* Set a custom font for everythingI set the font to a comical one and it is EVERYWHERE. I love it.# GS4 Cons:Horrible NotificationsNotifications are how I keep up to date with EVERYTHING. The iPhone sorts them by app instead of by time and maxes out at five in the notification center. But this is STILL better than the GS4's approach. Example: If I am showering and hear my iPhone, I peek out of the curtain and there on the lock screen is the latest notification. If I click the button I can see all of them on the lock screen and get the gist as to if I need to dry off and respond or wait till later. With the GS4, they appear at the tippy top (like they do on the iPhone when turned on, not in lock mode). They go by very quickly so by the time you peek out, they are long gone. And YOU CAN'T CLICK ON THEM to read the details!!! I thought for sure Air Gestures would let me preview them without touching the phone. Nope. Further, with the iPhone I can get a ton of details without opening the apps. With the GS4, I constantly have to dig into an app to get the level of information I really need. That's a whole LOT of touching, and takes a lot longer to do. iPhone notifications are far far easier. And faster and more accurate. I used to hear my laptop and my iPhone chime together whenever I got a fb alert. The GS4 chimes when I don't need it to, doesn't when I do need it to, and that little blue light is always flashing when nothing important has changed...Won't Sync Outlook MemosSamsung tech support is AWFUL. On hold three hours. Clueless reps who are trained to say "I'm sorry to hear that" 20 times in a call, then not actually fix anything.  Their free outlook sync app, Kies says it does memos in the help, but the tool is missing that feature. They say it is Verizon's fault, but it is their own software that is missing the feature. And the old software didn't have it, so this is most likely a regression error (it went away again by accident). Most of you probably don't care about this one, buy I have over 500 memos I use all the time and need them on my phone. They are my memory.Visual Voicemail NOT FREEOn the iPhone you have all your voicemails as little files. You can pause, rewind, delete, recover etc. The GS4 requires me to CALL MY VOICEMAIL!? This is dinosaur archaic. Hit 3 to delete this message??? No slider bar... c'mon. On the GS4 voicemail window, I can opt to pay $3 PER MONTH to get visual voicemail from Verizon. Disgusting. Give me back my iPhone.No Successful Air GesturesThe commercials are all about the air gestures. Showing people with dirty hands who take care of business anyway. This hasn't worked ONCE yet for me. Many of the air gestures and air views are turned off by default. When you finally get them all on, they still fail to work. And even if they work as designed, which so far they haven't, I *expected* that if I got a text, I could read it without touching the phone. Negative. Even when working. You can preview one once you are in the Text App, but getting to it requires much screen touching!!! Defeats the whole purpose. I call this absolute false advertising compared to how the commercials make it seem.Multiple Restarts RequiredEvery day, my sound goes out. You can set silent, vibrate or sound on from the power button. My sound goes out and the button does not change it. I use the power button to select "restart" and the sound works again. Ok, maybe not every day, but at least twice a week.Clumsier App SwitchingI can switch back and forth between two apps on the iPhone by double clicking the home button and the last app is always the first spot. The GS4 requires a long press and it is the last app is actual the second one up from the bottom. This takes a bit longer for each step than on the iPhone. Just a minor annoyance.No Silent Text Tone Per ContactWhen Amazon or my bank send a text alert, I set those contacts to silent so they didn't disturb me. They still alert me, but quietly. Real people honk with happiness. Oddly, you can't do this on the GS4! Nor can I create a silent tone to add myself! So I had to find the quietest tone I could for these. Lame. Why can you so easily customize ringtones, including silent, but not text tones?Awkward Power Button PositionThe power button is directly opposite the volume buttons. And volume overrules power if you hit them both. I rarely change volume on my phone, but always hit power. And nothing happens because it is quite awkward to hit it without hitting the opposite side volume buttons. Especially one handed.More Accidental Screen TouchesThe screen size is wonderful, but I find myself activating it by accident ALL the time when trying to use it one handed. Over and over. iPhone is definitely one hand friendlier.Too Many App StoresI have like seven app stores on my phone instead of a single one on the iPhone. Which should I use? Why have so many?? Playstore, Amazon Store (and they have like four different kinds), Samsung (and they have multiple too)... Just too much. I created an appstore folder and there are 10 icons in it.# Other:Camera is great on bothThe GS4 seems to be better, but actually I think they are very similar but the GS4 screen is so great they look better until you put them on the same device. The v has amazing editing onboard, but I don't use that and the iPhone will have similar ones onboad in a couple of weeks. Oddly, the GS4 will shoot one randomly blurry shot about once in five to ten shots! I am not touching any settings, it just comes out very blurry. It happens enough that I noticed the pattern and I've never seen that on my iPhone.Neither allows a ringtone per groupI like creating groups with one tone. Besties. Lovers. People to avoid. Etc. I hear the tone and I know if I should run to or away from my phone without even looking at it. My Palm phone did this. Too bad none of these phones do.Neither phone flips screen upside downOddly the iPad does! Why did they not allow that on the iPhone. Why does it matter? GPS or Pandora in your car cup holder while plugged in. I had one iPhone GPS app that DID flip 180. I loved it. Plug in phone, put upside down in cup holder, map flips over and you are good to go.SummaryThe GS4 has lots of great pros, but if I can't fix say the first three to five of the cons above, I'll be heading back to my iPhone when the next model comes out.

I am happy with the S4 I purchased,it worked as expected.

Ok, it's very good

i Just love this cellphone ..its just what i needed... Perfect cellphone for people like me, everyday looking for new gadgets

I was very surprise how new the phone looked!! thank you so much for the speed and responsability about the product!!! For sure doing business again!

I upgraded to this phone from an iPhone 4S just over a month ago. I'm an Apple loyalist but decided to go Android this time since the iPhone 5 didn't look very competitive compared to the latest Androids. I liked the phone for about a week and then it was just okay. But recently, when making a phone call, the screen stopped dimming out when I put the phone close to my face; and it didn't light up when I pull it away either. I checked my settings, and the proximity sensor was enabled and I rebooted the phone, but to no avail. I'm going to Verizon this weekend and hopefully they can fix it. Will probably get the early upgrade program when it comes out and then get an iPhone 5S.

It is a great device however sometime the battery is warm up during charging. I like 13 mp from camera.

This is best I have owned so far, so many features and really intuitive. I would recommend it. This version has more powerful processor than the US version.

This phone has a design flaw. They made the screen larger than the S3 but the case didn't grow as much. This puts the corner of the screen against the edge of the phone's case/shell. If you hit it even slightly on this "soft spot" the screen will shatter. Gorilla glass may be durable from the top but not from a bump on a corner.

This cellphone is perfect. I already had a galaxy SIII and love it too. In fact, despite of the battery duration, this &#34;computer&#34;phone makes more easy too manage social networks and its powerful processor makes everything run nicely. Also it has a camera that substitutes a non-pro camera. And its a nice tool to explore the world.

The device does not have an international warranty. I live in US, but they told me that l need to sent it to another country (in my case saudi arabia) to use its 1 year warranty. The main problem is I learnt this after receiving my package. I guess it is important detail that we should know before buying this device.So far, I also hadHeating and short battery life problems but I guess its Samsung's problem not specific to my device.

Comparisons, they say, are odious. Almost everyone is going to compare this to the iPhone. I suppose that is natural, given that the iPhone and this phone are at the top of the smartphone pile, but I think comparing two phones based solely on a feature spec sheet is silly. There are going to be iPhone fans who are blinded by their loyalty that nothing Samsung does will ever be good enough, and there will be Samsung fans who will thumb their nose at anything Apple does. Both positions are silly. If you are in either of those two camps, this review is not for you.I'll start with first impressions. The packaging is extremely neat. Easy to open, everything was logical. I didn't need a manual to tell me where or how to insert the SIM card or the battery. After inserting both and clipping on the back plate, I powered the phone on for the first time (hold the button on the right edge of the screen for a few seconds). The *immediate* impression is along the lines of "holy crap, look at that screen!". When the animated Samsung logo fires up it is immediately obvious, before even the home screen kicks in, that the screen is bright and so sharp you could shave an egg with it.Once the OS is loaded and the screen has more pixels, it is even more obvious, if that is possible, just what an amazing screen this thing has. The text is as crisp as a winter morning, and the screen responds to the lightest of touches. Flipping through the default screens there are a lot of apps that I suspect many people will remove and trim down the widgets and apps. They're cool (I wont review the apps, that would take too much space) but I use my phone mostly for making and receiving calls, taking notes, and a few photos and videos when the occasion demands it and I don't have my DSLR with me.I was dreading importing all of my contacts from my iPhone. Samsung made those fears baseless with their "Smart-Switch" application. I had backed up my iPhone prior to removing the SIM to put in the S4, and Smart-Switch found the backup and seemlessly imported all of my contacts, old SMS conversations, notes and calendar entries. It really couldn't have been easier. After importing everything I came across the first weirdness with the S4 though.Samsung provides a truly awful notes application called "S-Note". It's for children. While it does allow you to create text-only notes it also allows you to scribble notes. I am guessing some sort of pen device would make this more attractive. However, it stores the notes very differently. The import  took the first few words of each name and manufactured some sort of file name. Yes, on S-Note, each note is its own "file". The upshot is, that although the notes imported perfectly using SmartSwitch, they do not get synced with Outlook when using Samsung's "Kies" sync program. It is a terrible oversight on Samsung's behalf that notes are not stored in a way that can be synced with Outlook, when all other data can be.The next day I was at a Metallica concert and got to use the camera and video for the first time. The photos are absolutely beautiful, even though they were taken at night in a dark stadium. The video has to be seen to be believed. When playing the video back on my PC, you would have sworn it was taken by a professional video camera (mild shake aside). Even the sound was good, and that was picking up the massively loud PA system from half a stadium away. It is very easy to switch the camera into different "modes" and "night mode" was smart enough to turn the flash off. As if the flash on a phone could light up a stadium enough to make any difference to the image! I chuckled at the idiots around me who had their flashes fire. The interface for zooming photos and video is intuitive (you tap the screen, a little box with "1.0" appears, and you pinch-stretch it to zoom in), but still a little cumbersome. You have to hold the phone steady with one hand and then pinch this small rectangle to zoom. It would have been much more intuitive to have a slider bar under one of the thumbs. However, that is a minor thing and the crystal clear image is worth a few irritations.I have spent a week with the phone now. I find that my fingers, which have been used to an iPhone since the day it was launched, now quickly find their way around. I love that you can drag phone contacts, or WhatsApp contacts right onto the home page, so the people you call or message the most often are just a single tap away. The voice recognition is extremely good, Skype, WhatsApp and Facebook all work flawlessly, and Chrome is as zippy as can be.Overall, I am extremely impressed with this phone and do not regret buying it. I love Apple phones, I think they are marvelous devices, but I personally wanted to try something new for a change. I didn't leave Apple behind for any lack of features (although I do not think they have innovated very much since they released the App store - they've just revved the hardware), I just wanted something different and this seemed like a good point in the smartphone game to try an Android device. However, there are a few things I did find frustrating. It may just be a familiarity thing:It would be nice if I could specify that only phone contacts show up when the phone syncs with Bluetooth to my car. Having a lot of blank contacts at the top of the list (all Facebook contacts for which I don't have phone information) is irritating. Fortunately I can tell the Facebook app to remove all Facebook contacts from the phone, so that fixed that problem. Some of the settings are very difficult to find. I still haven't found a way to disable LTE or HSPA or whatever its called. I just want normal good old fashioned 3G data thank you very much - it's all our networks support reliably. At the Metallica concert I couldn't upload to Facebook because the phone detected and used HSPA, whereas my friend next to me with an old Blackberry was connected via 3G just fine. Some of the new gestures are a bit flaky. I think I disabled them somehow, because when my friend upgraded from his Blackberry to an S4 (where toe Smart-Switch was not quite as smart as it was for me - he lost about 22 of his 500 contacts), they work just fine on his phone. Once or twice the wifi has just flat-out refused to connect and even switching the phone off and on again didn't help. Then 3 minutes later it just magically connects again.In summary, this is a fantastic phone, whether you are switching from a Blackberry or iPhone or getting your first real smartphone. It has some warts, of that there is no doubt, but all phones do (admittedly the iPhone has fewer, though). If you use your phone for photos and videos a lot, this phone can't be beat.

I cant say much about this, I have spent the money already but it's not what I was looking for

Bought this for my husband, and he loves it. No complaints so far! Excellent camera, lots of memory, good speakers, and good call quality for those of you who actually use your phones to talk! I'm probably getting one for myself in the next few weeks.

Yes, I would recommend it to someone. Has the all the required features for my use. It also works outside US

I like this phone but I think it's a bit overrated. the battery is not what I thought it would be and the sensor's don't really work.

I had nothing but problems with it because it was manufactured for South Africa and Kuwait. I received this information from a representative at Samsung. He asked me to give him certain identifying numbers on the original box it came to me in and that's how he knew I had the wrong phone.

The Galaxy S4 is an incredible fast, smooth, huge, Phone. While upgrading from a Galaxy Nexus i gotta say the OS with Custom addons from Samsung it's not so nice, but it's a great phone, i can run any game i used to have difficulties on my previous phone.Only issue was the headset - hands free. It came defective, the part where the microphone and button control was came loose, not sure if it was during the transportation, but after a few days of almost non-usability it separated from the glued parts. :(, seems to be working but as i said came deffective.For the rest, nice package, brand new phone.

Great product! Got 7 of these and sent all my Apple devices to charity. Regret nothing. Price totally matches expectations. Go Samsung!Few things to keep in mind:- get few of these to extend the battery lifeUranium Ore- don't forget this after using your phones too often Nuclear Anti Radiation Tablets KIO3 170 mg Potassium Iodate (don't buy used one)Good luck!

The Samsung S4 cell phone is the hottest and newest phone on the smart phone market.  This Android device has gotten much press and rightly so.  In terms of specifications, the S4 has a lot going for it that has it as the leader of the pack over many smart phones.  But at first glance, this new phone looks and feels much like its predecessor, the Galaxy S3.  So what makes this phone different and why should you be interested in purchasing it?  This review will explore those issues and help answer that question.When you have a good thing going, why not start with that as your baseline.  Samsung has done just that with the S4.  The S3 and the S4 are very similar on many levels and very different in key areas.  Their size is essentially the same at 5.38" x 2.75" x .31".  This actually makes the S4 .7mm thinner than the S3.  Its weight is 4.6 ounces, .7 ounces lighter than the S3.  Comparing the two, Samsung has increased the size of the screen to a 5" display that offers full HD resolution at 1920 x 1080 pixels.  While other phones offer similar resolutions, none have the same quality image that comes from the Super AMOLED screen offered on the S4.  Side-by-side comparisons with phones such as the HTC One find the S4 shines with more prominent resolution and richer color tones.The screen also has improved capacitance over the S3 and previous Samsung offerings.  This improved capacitance supports phone use while gloves are worn.  Those who live in cold climates or those who are fashion conscious and wear gloves will find this enhanced capability helpful.  While this capability is a nice addition, it takes some getting used to.  Because it is more sensitive, it's easy to falsely register a finger press if you hover your hand over the screen in the just the right way.  Hopefully Samsung can correct this performance flaw with future software upgrades.Regardless, the S4 screen is a remarkable technological creation.  Its visual performance makes it like a smaller cousin of much larger HD televisions.  It is a beautiful piece of work and the highest quality screen of its size presently on the market.At first glance, the camera appears to also be the same as the S3.  This is, in fact, not the case.  The S4 houses a whopping 13-megapixel, rear-facing camera and a 2-megapixel, front facing camera.  The rear-facing, 13-megapixel camera image is excellent.  The imaging capabilities of both cameras extend past the raw hardware with added features built into their associated software.  There is software to do most anything you can think of with the images taken.  Software even uses both the front and back camera to offer all kinds of imaging effects from panoramic images to slow motion videos.Much of the new hardware, software, and extended features built into the S4 place heavy processing demands on the phone's engine.  Because of this, Samsung has integrated a 1.9GHz quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 600 processor to help keep things purring along smoothly.  At the time of this review, this makes the S4 one of the fastest smartphones on the market.Coupled with this increased processing power is an expanded memory card slot for additional storage.  Samsung is selling the S4 in 16GB, 32GB, and 64GB configurations.  For those considering the S4 with 16GB of storage, this may be a bit limiting.  Approximately 6GB is eaten up by the OS and installed apps, which leaves a scant 8-9GB of storage.  This is 2GB less storage than the S3.  The S4 supports the installation of up to an additional 64GB using a Micro SD card.  If you're considering purchasing this phone, you might want to add a Micro SD card to your purchase and expand the base memory, or purchase an S4 with a higher amount of integrated storage.Keep in mind that the more data you add to your Micro SD card, the more information the S4 has to parse.  If you have a 64GB SD card packed with pictures and videos, when you open the Gallery to view them, even the quad-core processor will crank itself silly to host them for you; it will take time for them to display.  There's no working around this.  It's the nature of the beast.  Just accept this as a current limitation based on processor speed and storage mass.The front of the phone contains a number of additional sensors that monitor eye movement and proximity so the phone knows how far it is from your ear.  An infra red blaster is integrated into the top of the phone to enable it to act as a remote, with the appropriate app installed to function as a remote.  These sensors and the infra red blaster offer many new features not available with the S3.  The phone can act as a remote control for your television, CD/DVD player, A/V receiver, and even home appliances that support remote control.  The eye sensor offers additional features that control screen dimming and auto pausing when you look away from the screen.  Likewise, when you look at the screen, dimming and auto pausing resume their normal operation.Applications available to support the additional sensors include Air View, Air Gesture, and Smart Scroll.  While these features are futuristic and helpful in theory, they aren't flawless in practice.  They are also rather complex to learn and use, which detracts from the concept of simplicity when it comes to operating the device.  Take this into consideration when adopting the phone for your use.  Not all the features have to be used at once.  You may find some features helpful while others are an annoyance.  They are all highly configurable and it will take some time and practice to set them up to your liking.Like the S3, the S4 supports Samsung's S Beam and near field communication (NFC).  S Beam allows two Samsung phones to be placed back-to-back so they can share multimedia content such as videos, music, pictures, etc.  The devices only need to be placed a few centimeters from each other to link, and, unlike Bluetooth, no pairing is needed.  Communication is provided by WiFi Direct, which makes transfer speeds quite good.Samsung has received many user complaints over the quantity of polyurethane used with their phones.  They are plastic centric in construction and many consumers feel this detracts from a robust, solid feel.  The S4 seems to have taken this into consideration with the addition of a flat metal bezel around the side edge of the phone.  Much like the iPhone, the S4 has a metallic edge that augments its former plasticized edge construction.The case itself is similar to the S3.  The rear cover is easily removed to reveal the battery, SIMM card, and Micro SD card.As for battery life, the S4 stock battery is 2,600mAh compared to the 2,100mAh S3 battery.  This is a 20% increase in battery size with no added thickness to the phone's form factor.  In fact--as stated earlier--the S4 is .7mm thinner than the S3.  This added battery storage is required due to the increased screen size and additional features and applications.  Each person's use is highly personalized, so it's difficult to gauge how this battery will perform with your personal use, but, in general, it seems to be an adequate amount of power storage for moderate use.  Still, it will more than likely require daily charging.  If this is a concern to you, you might consider an extended-life battery.  These batteries are freely sold on Amazon and other locations, but most of them require an aftermarket back to the case that will replace your stock rear cover.  Extended batteries mean heftier weight and added thickness to the phone.  Another option is to purchase an additional battery as a backup for when your primary battery discharges.Out of the box, the S4 comes equipped with Android Jelly Bean 4.2.2 and a huge amount of software.  If there's one complaint about this phone it is in relation to the amount of features and software bundled with it.  The S4 has a mountain of software that, at first glance, can be absolutely overwhelming.  It will take time to sort out and learn everything this phone can do, so pencil in an evening or two to explore, configure, and learn what's new and how to use it.  The list is far too extensive to cover in this review, but it should be stated that every feature the phone has is supported by associated software.  In addition to this software, Samsung has packed new applications to satisfy every possible type of user.  You may find it all useful, but this is doubtful.  Most likely, you'll use a subsection of all the software installed and make it your own.  One could say Samsung has given the consumer the benefit of choice by adding so many features and so much software.  Sometimes it's better to have too much than not enough, and this is true here.  Rather than be overwhelmed by it, see it as a library of possibilities that supports a healthy amount of functions.  Decide which functions are useful to you and learn them.  For those functions and applications that hold little interest, leave them alone for now.The S4 is an enhanced deconstruction and reconstruction of the S3.  If you currently own the S3 and are considering an upgrade, take stock in the added features and capabilities of the S4.  The S4 will give you the latest Android has to offer; a larger amount of storage space; a fabulous HD screen; a high-quality, 13-megapixel camera; huge amounts of added features and software; and a fantastic processor under the hood.  If these things are important to you, then the S4 may be an exciting upgrade.  If you're happy with the features and performance of your current S3, then you may want to save your money and stay with what you have.Overall, the S4 is a brilliant device.  It's not without its flaws and there is always room for improvement.  While Apple performed wonders defining the modern smartphone, Samsung has helped take the concept one step further.  If you're looking to upgrade your older smartphone and break into the Samsung Galaxy world for the first time, the S4 is a fantastic selection.  It is, arguably, the best Android phone on the market, at present.  Some may say it's the best smartphone, period.  Each person's decision and opinion is highly individualistic.  One thing is for sure, Samsung has pulled out all the stops to ensure consumers get the most for their money, and they have set the bar even higher for newcomers to take the mantle of achievement to a new level.

Works like a charm, it is fast, it has so many usefull apps, the camera is awesome. I totally recommend this cellphone.

very nice and i am so happy with the phone i order another one for my fiance .he well love too.Unfortunately it's very fragile phones it damaged very easy even with the protective case ,that what happend to my phone and it's so costly to be fix,i am so disappointed!!!!!!!!

Excelent! Product it's an bigger and faster smartphone , perfect when you need a tool to stay connected with all your web accounts

Had trouble registering and finding manual on line. Samsung was no help. I had to guess country of origin of phone and finally found Samsung Mexico, The standard Samsung website gave me nothing.

A very good cellThe processor is not eight cores, only four.Regardless of the cell processor is in perfect condition, original box, all cables, manuals, well packaged, no visible details in the box

Ive been using T-mobile since 2008 and my phone was a Sidekick I forgot which one and i have been using it since early 2013 then it broke and had to get a new phone. I kept hearing about these two phones the I phone and the Samsung gs4 and i was never really into apple and people kept saying that the gs4 had some really cool features like duel shot, group play, s translator, chat on, air gesture, smart pause, watch on, and a really good one was power saving that would make your battery last twice as long or even triple.So i was convinced ill go check it out i went to the T-mobile store i was looking around to see the other phones but nothing really compared to the gs4 so i looked it over it was nice smooth not to big not to small good size unlike the iPhone 5 which i think is to small. i was comparing the gs4 with the iPhone 5 and it looked like it would beat it in almost everything. So i bought it and was toying around with it and found plenty off more useful features. my friend was watching a movie on his iPhone 5 and i thought the screen was too small to see a movie. the gs4 may be an inch bigger but it makes a big difference in my opinion. its easy to use since its my very first smart phone the battery life lasts a really long time. this one time i left my charger at a friends house and my battery life was around 90% by the time i left. i dint go back until two days after and the battery life was at 28% by the time i charged it and i was constantly using my phone for every little thing. it also charges pretty quick i only charge it for half an hour and it was already close to 100%. another thing i like is the screen sensitivity you can put on a pretty thick screen protector and have gloves on and it would still work which is very helpful especially at work because if i would want to check something on my phone i don't need to constantly take off my gloves. i know its not a big thing thing but it gets annoying to take your gloves on and off just to check something on your phone.The only thing i dint like about this phone were the headphones there not bad but they could have done better ill give props to Apple those new head phone they made are great. that's all i can really think off for the flaws for this phone. another thing i like is the battery is replaceable so if your having battery problems just buy a new one also the back piece doesn't come off easily unlike the iPhone 5 my friend dropped his phone once and now the back piece comes off easily i have yet to drop this phone and hopefully i don't. i really recommend this phone too anyone really its a great phone around the same price as the iPhone 5.

It's Great!!! The only drawback is the battery life and sometime it gets really hot. Otherwise, its an awesome phone.

I can't wait to finally have this phone! Ive been wanting it for about a month now and I thought I would have to wait longer but now I found it elsewhere two weeks earlier than the rumored release date! I paid over $1k but I don't even care anymore this is a must have for me right now.

It is a really good phone! The camera is excelent, But I was expecting 32 Gb and this is 16 Gb

Completely exceeded my expectations. Expecting a powerful phone with good software, but the Galaxy s4 is much more than that. Is the convenience of gathering power, resources and easily in a single resource. For me it was a difficult decision after losing my S3 for factory fault, but no regrets.

Phone working great no problem with it, recieved as I expected so overall I liked the service.  I  definitely going to oder another one for my friend.

The Samsung Galaxy S4 is the most hotly anticipated smartphone ever from the Korean brand, and with a glut of high end features, it's the most powerful and desirable device Samsung has created yet.

Everything went perfect, I am using the phone and it's great, it has very interesting apps. It has nothing to envy the iphone.

This phone i even bought the brand new one 32gb, it makes weird noises while im on the phone, drops calls, and none of the special features work. cant take screen shots, cant use any of those features without touching the phone, and i just hate it all. and yes ive read the directions setting everything up properly.

pristine condition!

I will give to this phone only 4 star because1.- The battery doesn't last the necessary to operate all day. I have to swith off all the air gesture and sensors to try of get more duration of the battery2.- The phone get very hot with intensive use, and consumes too much batteryThis phone is a very good concept, is a upgrade of S3, if you want to use all the functions prepare to charge the phone at least twice a dayI will wait for a upgrade of samsung to solve the heat problemTo Samsung, i bought the Galaxy S, Galaxy SII, Galaxy SIII and now the Galaxy S4, with each version you make better the phone, but with the S4 i am quiet dissapointed.

when i ordered my phone it didn't said that the phone was gonna have the AT& TY LOG stick on the phone or was gonna have AT& T ICONS in it tht's why i'm not happy with the product, they shhould advise the costumers about that, cause they say is factory unlocked only and it should't be under any company

I want to confirm if my phone is new or used and it came with android 4.3 and a screen saver. I can confirm if I put them 5 stars, but I doubt that my purchase. I am concerned about this situation.

These review is written form the perspective the phone's use in USA. I considered, but did not buy this phone. My review is based on the phone's specification and my research.I had multiple motivating factors for spending big buck and get this cutting edge phone:1) I wanted to buy my own phone and keep it as long as I like.  I am tired of being locked in two year contract.2) I would like my mobile phone to be compatible with multiple carriers.  I would like to shop for mobile service independent of my phone being from a specific carrier.3)  I wanted my phone to be unlocked. Sometime the carrier unlocks it for you to use the phones overseas, but not with the competitor here in the US. The price of the phone is built in the monthly bill.  It is not free. Why is that  I am not allowed  to do whatever I like with my phone, at least after the contract has expired?4) I want my phone to accept a SIM card. Some phones form some carriers in US, such a Verizon, do not have SIM cards and effectively you cannot use them with any carrier other than Verizon, inside or outside the US. Off course, Verizon now have some phone models that accept SIM cards that can be used overseas, as long as Verizon unlocks it for you. Why not all phones come with SIM cards, like many countries in Europe, Asia, Africa, and South America?5) The 4G technology called LTE is growing in coverage and that will be the cutting edge mobile communication for next few years. I wanted my new phone to support LTE.6) In many countries outside US, the phone networks use widely accepted international standards; therefore, the mobiles phones can be used with any of the carriers in those countries.  That is what I would like to see here in US.Let me come back to the review of the Samsung Galaxy S4 International version offered here at Amazon.It meets some of my requirements with the following major shortcomings:1. The phone does not support LTE networks (4G). yes, the phone will work, but it will be using 3G or older networks. This is a mjor shortcoming for a phone that is the latest release from Samsung. What is the point of forking large amount of money and buying the cutting edge mobile phone when it does not support the latest generation networks from your carrier. It is better to spend a little bit more and buy the version of Samsung Galaxy S4 that supports LTE.2. For 3G side, some users have mentioned that the phone is not compatible with T-Mobile`s 3G in the USA. T mobile uses 1700 and 1900 MHz frequency for 3G. If T-mobile uses 1700MHZ in your area, the phone will not be compatible to use T-Mobile's 3G network.I do not recommend this International phone for USA users. The best alternative is the T-Mobile version of Samsung Galaxy S4 with LTE. That phone will support LTE networks for AT&T;, T-Mobile, and MetroPCS.  Its 3G (WCDMA) part is also compatible with networks in many countries in Europe, Asia, Africa, and South America. My understanding is T-Mobile unlocks the phones as long as you paid the full price of the phone.In summary, here in USA, we are not there yet where your phone will work with all the carriers; however, the T-Mobile version of Samsung Galaxy S4 comes close. It gives you flexibility, freedom from a contract, and compatibility with some USA and most overseas networks. I think this a starting point to freedom.

My first smart phone! I just got it today.At first I was so confuse about the specs that I thought I was rip-off, but after some extensive googling I found out that I got the real thing.Although for the 16gb version it only allows 9gb of actual memory to be access the rest was used by the andriod system.Its fast and really beautiful to look at!

Well...only person can tell who use Samsung. this company has so may apps to download and use from. Samsung...Samsung...only the best

I recently bought the Galaxy S4 from FGS Trading thru Amazon. Unfortunately the phone broke down only after a few weeks of using it. I called Samsung USA to schedule a repair and was SHOCKED to hear that it can&#8217;t be repaired here in the USA because the phone that was sold to me is an AFRICA phone !!! Any repairs will have to be made in AFRICA!! UNBELIEVABLE!! I live in the USA and bought this phone from a third party merchant thru Amazon which both are also from the USA. I do not think that it is unreasonable for me to expect that the phone can at least be repaired here in the USA. I am even willing to pay out of pocket to get it fixed here in USA. It is unthinkable that I have to ship this phone halfway around the world to Africa just to get it fixed!!!I bought the phone for $616 and AT&T; sells it retail for $640 (without any contract). So its not like a &#8220;you get what you pay for&#8221; kind of deal. The price that I paid is very close to the AT&T; retail price, its not like half price or anything like that. If it has been properly disclosed in the listing or product description that the phone can only be repaired in AFRICA, I would have NOT bought it at all. Not at $616!! Would you???International version phone simply means that it is a GSM (multiple frequency bands) phone which can be used while travelling abroad. Thus avoiding those pesky and pricey roaming charges that the phone companies charge. International version does not in any way means no US warranty. If it is, why not just simply state &#34;No USA Warranty&#34;?  Warranty is probably one of the last things that will be on a user&#8217;s mind. But don&#8217;t take it for granted.Always assume that the phone is from AFRICA and there is NO WARRANTY in USA. Do not get SCAMMED like me!!! For USA customers, buy it from AT&T; or T-Mobile and ask them to give you the unlock codes. Since you are paying full retail price without any contract, you do not need to wait a few months to get in unlocked. Instead, you can ask for the unlock codes right away. I am now out $616:(

You should buy this smartphone.It's amazing, incredible screen definition.It works perfectly and it very customizable.The smart scroll works fine.

I bought the phone as a gift to my sister and she loves it the new features are so cool like the smart pause that pause video when you look away

They sold me a cellphone that didn't work, gave a really hard time to return the package, which I pay on my own, and now are refunding 70% of the total amount because they have a &#34;returning policy&#34; with a &#34;returning fee&#34;.They'll never hear from me again, that's for sure and if I were you I'll do the same.

Here is what Amazon.com customer service told me"I am the Team Lead for the A-to-z Guarantee Claims Department. I am responding to your email regarding order xxxxxxxxxx. While I understand your concerns, the A-to-z Guarantee only covers situations where the item is different than was advertised.  I understand that you feel the item was different because it does not carry a valid U.S. warranty, however this is an international version cell phone.  International version cell phones have international warranty through the country of origin.  In this case, it appears the country of origin in South Africa.In response to your question, yes, you will need to contact Samsung South Africa and work with them under the product warranty.  The item does not carry U.S. warranty, nor was it advertised to carry U.S. warranty.  In short, neither Amazon nor the seller ever represented the phone as having a U.S. based warranty as the phone is advertised as an international model.We understand that you may not agree with the decision in this case, but we will not be able to assist you further. There will be no further response to your e-mail messages regarding this transaction.We are hopeful you are capable of resolving your concerns with Samsung International.Thank you for your interest in Amazon."

Battery did not last and very laggy got hot when playing games i like my new Note 3 better

Couple of annoyances with the phone,1. Speakers are on the backside of the phone instead of sides or the bottom. Problem with this - sound is blocked when you place the phone on the table and listen to something.2. Power button and Volume control buttons are on either side of the phone. When you have a good grip and press the volume button, there's a good chance you might press the power button.Otherwise, I liked the screen size.

This is a great cellphone I think it has anything and more you need in technology , pictures, tools to communication .....what else?

Does everything as described!! It works perfectly worldwide as it is unlocked! this is by far a better phone than Iphone 5!

BEWARE US Customers. This version does not support the 4G LTE in US,might work on Edge. What is the using of buying a smartphone which does not work on a faster data network. I tried it with AT&T. They were not able to troubleshoot it and they wanted me to contact the samsung and the samsung US does not support this phone since it does not have US warrenty.

Hello People,Be careful when you make orders from SHOPDEBEST. Am actually not one to order an expensive item online, but when I saw the Samsung Galaxy S4 for sale by Shopdebest, I decided I might as well try. They claimed the memory space on it was 16GB. When I got the phone and I started my downloads, I was shocked to discover it had only about 9GB on it. This is a phone I paid more than 600dollars for!Just be careful of Shopdebest. You never know what they might be up to. Amazon really needs to start verifying the authenticity of some of the sellers here. This is one really angry customer!!!Ade

The phone works great.

I love it. since I got my Galaxy I rarely used my tablet. I literally installed all I needed. surprised with the high speed.

The MAIN reason I changed my old smartphone -Galaxy Ace, which is a nice turtle- was based on the processor speed factor. The fastest one on the Galaxy family is the S4 and this is why I got it, but honestly the speed I was expecting to get is not too much noticeable.I'd hate to conclude that smartphones are lazy devices, so I won't do so. I'm not there yet. I guess that dealing with these beauties is a matter of patience, most of the times.Nope, I don't have installed tons of apps and games in my S4; I'm not one of those users. For me, a cellular phone is... a phone, basically. So I installed just 5 or 7 smart tools for my daily tasks, but that's it. And those tools are not heavy ones like those applications out there that require enormous resources from the OS or the processor for their operations. So this is not the reason that makes my S4 a bit lazy. But anyway...One of the aspects that professedly are one of the "great" features of this phone is its huge screen size. For some people this can be awesome. Well, sorry; not for me. Why? Just because you would need giant hands and an extremely elongate thumb to reach the entire area of the screen. So even if you have big hands like me this is not a comfortable phone to operate with one single hand (as I used to do with my Galaxy Ace).Now don't say "get a smaller phone then!". Please go back and read my first paragraph...Regardless of what I have mentioned above this is a great phone and I am happy with it. I guess this is a matter of a 'getting used to it' process.JAS

Neat phone -- Slick -- in more ways than one.  Functionally slick and OOPs, where did it go...  don't operate it in a moving vehicle or other hazardous environment.  it will either squirt out of your hand and be lost under or between seats, or your fingers will slide over the sensitive screen or button and you'll end up who knows where.  BUY a non slip case immediately.  good luck

I boought this Gallex 4 for my son and all his friends in school sold their Iphone to get the Gallexy 4. Such a nice and friendly phone. I will get one for myself but for now i am so crazy about my HTC one x + that I bought on Amazan. On til it start giving me trouble, then I will change it for a Gallexy4.

This is an outstanding phone. I used to be an i-phone lover. With current product, I rate it higher than i phone 5

I bought this phone a few months ago because I was tired of my idiot phone and needed something much better. But I didn't realize just how much better it would be until I opened up the manual and began to use the phone. By buying the unlocked phone at about $550 I saved over $1500 from one on a plan. Over $3500 cheaper than one on a plan for 4 years. Think about it, if you keep your smart phone on a plan for six years, you could have bought a used car for less.I'm still finding features that I can use and I haven't even put one of my programs on it yet.Oh, bye the way, the incessant monsters who hound my land line and call me over four times every morning before 8 AM are gone. I can't use my home phone anymore because of this persecution. But my S4 continues to deliver pertenant calls only when I wish.I get multitasking capability and an expanded storage area. This phone is four times as capable as the best desktop computers of the 80's. I actually think it could be a great wearable computer. I wonder what I can do with the voice recognition?

everything work like I expect it

Just keep in mind that the international version GT-I9500 is NON LTE; if you are looking for an LTE phone, I'd suggest to keep looking.  Other than that, this phone is great.  It might be a little pricey for the non-LTE version but if you are in the US and on T-Mobile that hasn't rolled out LTE yet, it is not an issue.  Other than that, great phone and awesome features.

i bought this as a surprise gift for my husband. he told me I brought him into the 21st century with style. He is still discovering the many features of the phone and it is his new best friend. it arrived on time and was as advertised. I only realised when I bought it that it used a micro sim and I had to get this adjusted. It works perfectly.

For the price and features this is a good entry level phone.  It seems to work just fine 3 weeks into it.  The reason it didn't get 5 stars is that the screen resolution can use some improvements.

I was worried about my Samsung S4  phone because  I couldn't  find it in my shipping address but finally it was located. This phone is very fast and takes beautiful pictures. It's an excellent product.  Greetings from Venezuela!

JUST LOVE IT, AN AMAZING PHONE, I USED TO HAVE AN S3, BUT SINCE I CHANGED, THERE'S NOTHING TO REGRET, LOVING THE ENTIRE SAMSUNG FAMILY... GO AHEAD AND BUY IT...

Thanks for the great phone everything world's to perfection came with a travel charger ear buds in its protective plastic. Definitely a great buy

I got my Samsung Galaxy S IV/S4 GT-I9500 Factory Unlocked Phone 5 days after order. It's looks good and work perfectly

I love Samsung and waited patiently for this phone to come out. I was very disappointed. I have all the software updates and I have used troubleshooting manuals to try to fix my problems. Places that my phone previously picked up service (I had a Galaxy S2) no longer kept service. If I'm lucky I might get two bars. If  lucky. It goes in and out of 4G coverage even in large cities. The wifi (no matter where I'm at) goes in and out of service. This phone is very frustrating and I will never buy another phone from Samsung.

I have been a loyal Apple fan since the first Iphone.Two months ago I decided to try the new Galaxy S4 because of the size of the screen (even having already bought Iphone 5)After 60 days I have to say:1 - I am still apple fan2 - I gave my iphone 5 to my wife3 - The S4 plastic aspect I solved with a nice and very strong case from SYSTM and changed as well its poor headphone for a good Bose4 - Sorry Apple, I feel like a polygamous but I am really in love with Galaxy S45 - For me it seems like Iphone 5 is a micro ipad while Galaxy S4 is mini ultrabookAnd I think I will be one of the first ones to buy the Galaxy S5 at its arrival and its possible that I will buy the iphone 6 aswell but only if it comes with huge improvements

I can't get any 4 G or WiFi data connection in crowds (ballgames & concerts) while my wife's old 3 G Motorola Droid X works great. I've heard of other data connection problems with the Galaxy S 4 on the Verizon network. If I sit at home and use my personal WiFi it's the greatest phone I've ever had but who wants to sit home all the time to use their mobile phone. 4 g even works ok at home just don't go out into the world and expect good performance. I'd recommend waiting on the next Motorola/Google phone. My S4 is mobile junk.

the phone is perfects. i use ir all day long, not any problem at all. i got it in 2 days, perfect.it was used. only the screen protector has a couple of scraches on the corner, and that all.

There was a reason to purchase the Galaxy S4: it is currently one of the best smart phones.  However, this version has some problems, I assume software related,  with the camera.  Sometimes, when the camera app is launched, the phone freezes and resets . I hope there is an update soon to sort this out

I recently purchased this product and thus far enjoy it a lot. There are a ton of futures and I can't wait to discover them all.

The phone came locked with a pin code on the home screen with no PIN number provided by the seller, it was not a international version was a Verizon phone and had to do a hard restart just to get into the phone. The phone that was purchased was from a 3rd party seller not amazon them self so might have better luck with amazon.

Excellent product. The best phone so far I've got. Amazes me every time. I use it with my smart watch, and also with the smart Tv

I went for the quad-band GSM in order to use the phone abroad. Unfortunately when the phone arrived it was the Americas version. It ONLY accepts SIMs made in the Americas (N, S, and Caribbean). International? Yes. Inter-continental? No. Otherwise no complaints, great phone, good price, good fulfillment. But do beware this is NOT a truly international phone (there are truly international versions, I bought one for my wife on Amazon that really can accept SIMs from any country).

I bought it from SHOPEBEST, is a brand new Galaxy S4 with Octacore processor, Is really a good phone. I already had a Galaxy S3 but the S4 is a lot faster. Only have 8GB of free space on storage memory, the other 8GB are used by  the android 4.2.2, application and games (Useless). The camera is awesome, light weigth. The remote control feature for the TVs or any other device is very good. I am so happy with this phone so far!!!

I purchased these phone because it said International, however the manual indicates it is only for using it in North, Central, Caribbean and South America not in Europa, therefore it is not International.  Also when I opened the box in order to set the phone I found out it came without memory

Thanks bro this phone is awsome, it has all for what i look for, also this phone take great photos

Pros on getting gti95001) Galaxy s4 gti9500 is indeed very fast, it does not run 8 cores at once but alternates between the 1.6 Ghz cortex quad core and 1.2Ghz cortex quad for efficient performance and in real life ,its battery is about 20% more lasting than the i9505 version.2) The camera in gti9500 is more advanced (the exmor RS) compared to the exmor R in gt19505 version, giving better detailed shots and enhanced images in low light conditions3)The GPU in gti9500(PowerVR SGX 544MP3) is different from the GPU in gti9505(Adreno 320) , its graphic options are set at a higher level than the adreno 320 but the frames per second on both GPU is around average and in actuality , the adreno 320 gives better fps for low end graphics games.Cons1) LTE standards are not supported by the gti9500 version, though the exynos 5 chipset has the capability to support all LTE bandwares as mentioned by samsungexynos5 on twitter, the exynos 5 does not support LTE standards, so the closest non wifi data you will have is 3G, HSPA+2) Only GSM mobile companies will work on3) Warranty; warranty is only valid if get it checked in the same country from where you got it, if your from US and break your gti9500, Samsung US will not accept your device to repair, hence either you get insurance for your phone or you just get the phone that is available in your country.That being said, the S4 does have gorilla class 3 and the back does not break easily , my own gti9500 is holding up quite well.If your doubtful on buying the gti9500 online, be rest assured that it is indeed just as described , brand new and factory unlocked. The shipping is also fast( based on my personal experience) any queries on which company to choose to buy the s4 from , i would suggest those companies which are Fulfilled by amazon.

I'm so happy with my phone, it's so great, works in a perfect way, the color, the resolution and all the trics that i can make whith it!! seller and product100% recomended!

nice to find a decent price for an un locked version of this phone. very good quality, perfect xmas gift

Excellent all-in-one device for everyday use! Upgraded from an S3, very satisfied with the purchase, still learning the features... It is getting even better when you know the gadget. impressed with the camera and motion ang gesture features. Not sure if &#34;must&#34; to upgrade from S3 to S4 but if you can come up with a reason, why not!

Great so far...have not learnt all the tricks about it as yet.  Still learning the ins and outs of the device.

Because it was suppose to be unlcoked and it was not unlocked i had to pay extra to get it unlocked.

The unit I received came with Chinese language on by default.I had another similar android phone to navigate in parallel how to change the language.Those without that experience or comparison tool might be frustrated by that.

S4 is fragile and cheap and Samsung knows it.Here is my story. Shortly after the S4 was released I decided to give android a shot. I had been a loyal IPhone customer, but the big beautiful screen was enough for me to take a gamble, and now I am paying for it.After about 1 month of use, somehow the phone developed an internal crack on the LCD. The phone had never been dropped, never had my 7 year old and my 3 year old play with it (side note: all of my IPhone have been thoroughly slobber/drop/sat on/thrown down stairs tested). There is no reasonable explanation for the internal, not external, screen to crack. But there it was, a tiny crack in the top right of the screen.Distressed I immediately ran to the store I bought the phone from. The girl at the store proceeds to tell me they see this ALL THE TIME. That she has seen someone that, while removing the 4S from the case, somehow managed to crack the internal LCD, just by removing it from the case. Basically that you just always have to be really careful and never put any kind of pressure anywhere on the phone. Wow, something that most people keep in their pocket and the store is telling me you can't ever put any pressure on the phone. She then tells me that she can't help me because even though it's an internal crack, they will still claim that it is damage and it won't be covered under warranty.I moved on to Samsung. After having the store switch my phone account back to my IPhone 4s, slobber, and everything, I called Samsung. I explained my problem to the girl and she said she can't help me, but that she would have someone call me back within 24 hours........25 hours later I called Samsung back. Needless to say I was annoyed. That fact that Samsung didn't even bother calling me back made me think they must be having major issues with their phones.  I asked the girl about this and she simply apologized, but couldn't explain why I hadn't been called back.  I again explained my situation to the girl on the phone. Her name was Octavia. Octavia explained to me that if the problem was in fact internal then Samsung would fix it for free. I was ecstatic. She emailed me a shipping label to send my phone in. (The email had the wrong address...sigh...I called back and talked to someone else, and he sent me the correct address.)I immediately sent the phone off to be fixed by Samsung.  After over a week Samsung calls me back to tell me that they can fix it, but it will cost me $200.00. I asked what they found and they said the LCD was broken. I asked so the "internal" LCD. They said yes. I asked about what Octavia had said about fixing any internal problems for free, they said that doesn't include the LCD............so basically. I told that guy he needed to find someone to explain how I go from anything internal will be fixed for free to now that we have your phone and have wasted over a week; we want to charge you another 200.00 for your plastic phone.I am currently waiting for someone else from Samsung to call me back. I am going to go out on a limb and say I am going to have to call them back. The bottom line is that the S4 is a terribly plastic design. Maybe the active is better, but I am thinking they probably made the active once they realized how incredibly fragile their standard design was.Avoid the S4 at all costs!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

I am not satisfied with the purchase, and the seller says that this phone is an international version and checking the phone I found with surprise that the menu does not appear in the Spanish language, language which I need to set the phone to use it. second, to pay the cost of shipping the phone thinking that would not have to pay anything more, but when I get the phone to my home, I had to pay 47.22 dollars more. I think the seller should give a more clear product information and shipping conditions ...

This has been by far my worst buying experience at amazon.Phone doesn't work, the seller takes no responsibility, since the origin of this phone is KENYA, you have no warrantyMy cellphone has been at the SAMSUNG service center for over a month, and since warranty doesn't apply, it will cost me $400 USD to fix it.According to SAMSUNG technicians, this cellphone was damaged when unlocking it, so the whole mother board needs to be replaced.Seller takes no responsibility on this.Summary, if you buy this you are buying unnecessary pains. It is not worthy. As you can see on other comments here on amazon, I am not the only one who has suffered from this seller/product combinationDon't buy. DON'T

I can't use this phone. Have to return to my HTC One X since this keeps rebooting. Hope to get an iphone as soon as I sell this piece of

Hopeless peice of electronic wannabe. Samsung USA doesn't/woudln't hear about an "international" version of the S4 and simply refuses to even give basic tech support.After 30 days the Galaxy S4 bought from Delta Mobile crashes, freezes and holds no charge. Samsung USA doesn't know and cannot even find out where the phone is manufactured (told by Samsung tech support that it was made in Ireland, Kuwait or South Africa). Delta Mobile is very much aware that there's no support in the US for a product that they sell, though they continue to sell it. Had I known there is no warranty coverage in the US, I would've returned the phone even if it were functioning properly.After 30 days if something goes wrong $650 are thrown in the garbage. Samsung US customer service is no customer service - suprised they're licensed to operate in the US.Smasung Galaxy S4 is massively overrated, prone to constant freezes,  9am to 5pm phone - good luck if you can get the battery to last more than 8 hours with passively moderate use - it simply doesn't. Samsung Galaxy S4 is the best example of what a tsunami advertising budget does - creates hype of inferior, buggy product wrapped in cheap plastic pretending it's an iPhone. After owning 2 iPhones and succombing to the Samsung ad hype, I wouldn't choose the Galaxy S4 even as an inmate.

Awful. I'm from Venezuela and I bought this phone because I tought it was a good choice. The phone wasn't unlocked and I had to pay extra to finally use it.

A fool and his money are soon parted. Steer clear of this obvious scam- this phone hasn't even been released.

The phone arrived without battery. The Samsung Galaxy S4 box was sealed by Samsung seal stickers but it was obvious that the box was sealed before with different seals.The charger was for British sockets and a US adapter plug was in the boxIt also seems that the warranty for this phone is not working in the USA. All the warranty centers listed in the manual are in Africa. There should be at least a warning or an explanation in the description.

I ordered an international phone. International does not mean America. You consider American model as international. Seriously? Now I have to return the product.

This phone doesn't has 4G compatibilityIt shows 16 GB but comes with 8 GB memory card.Hand gestures and smart eye is not very sensitive. It takes a while to sense hand and eye movements

I like so much mi new cell phone but i do not understand why in the storage information said it had only 8.96 Gb availaible.

Please note I did not buy this phone off Amazon but from Sega Wireless/Telecom in Miami. Got the phone on December 3rd ,2014 and on Christmas day I noticed a vertical green line on right side of screen. On the following day another lineappeared on the left side. I happen to live in the Caribbean so I called Sega Wireless (by the way there was no phone numberon the bill - shows what kind of company I was dealing with) and was told I would have to contact Samsung for warranty.I called Samsung and was told that the model GalaxyS4 GT-I9500 was not covered under warranty in the US and I would haveto call Samsung Africa to effect repairs. I tried to reach Samsung Africa via Magic Jack on my phone was told I wouldhave to pay long distance charges without a Magic Jack account. Not doing it. Not paying any long distance charges to Africa.Even if I got through I would have to pay the shipping charges to and fro to have the phone replaced or repaired.Might as well suck it up and shell out the US$275 here to repair the screen or get rid of the phone (cost US$600). Also the phonegets pretty warm when playing certain games. I don't do much of that so I can imagine it would get really hot If I did.Samsung customer service is poor and I will not be buying Samsung again. The Con artists in these retail outlets shouldinform people what they are buying. Poor quality, poor after sales service Samsung!

what that is a lot of money for a 3g phone.  why would anyone buy that? the I9505 model of samsung galaxy s4 is the 4g version.  at least you are getting the most up to date phone.  do your research first people!!!

I have had a lot of phones in the past few years. I have always been interested in them and kept upgrading quite often.Last year, I decided to try the Galaxy S3 and really liked it. It was snappy, had a lot of options for customization and server me well for almost a year. I did not think there was any lag or slowness in it.A few days ago I received my Galaxy S4 Octa Core, though. I can say that, it is even faster than S3. The amount of sensors, options and things one can do with it, is almost limitless. Most importantly, it is fast, BLAZING FAST! Air Gestures, Ar View are awesome and I much prefer this less tapered enclosure than that of my S3.All in all, it was a good purchase and I sold my S3 after owning the S4 for only a day.

Not sure whether I missed it or it's not on the store page, but the machine only accepts those &#34;smaller&#34; sim cards which appears to be issued only in NA. Had to crop the sim card myself - nothing rocket surgery. Other than that, all good.

It is really nice phone... I purchased for my brother and he is really happy and all the functions are working as expected. Thanks. I would recommend to purchase this h

For those "NONE" believers...this is a "REAL PHONE". If you never traveled overseas before and lived outside the US, some phones DO COST $1000.00 or MORE. The reason, LOOK AT THE AD..ITS UNLOCKED. Most, if not all cell phones outside of the US are UNLOCKED. Giving you the flexibility of using your phone ANYWHERE and the phones are truely yours when you purchase them. Our cellular carriers rip us off my selling us "cellular service". They dont care about the hardware. They make money off the service they commit you to for 2-3 years. Just add up the cost of there "BASIC" packages!! Also, Samsung sells products OUTSIDE the US restricted cellular market. This phone has been released for a while now OUTSIDE the US. Just go to there Worldwide website and see for your self. Its "NORMAL" for phones to cost that much overseas. Because I have a phone I purchaesed overseas, a Nokia; I can us it ANYWHERE there is cellular service. I just change the SIM card. In which we all know that US phones DON'T have this flexibility to do.I will be purchasing this product because this phone intergrates much better with other devices than the iPhone. They are both good phones, but the Android operating/intergration system is far superior to Apple. I get people offering to me all the time of selling their iPhones "cheap" once they start using my Android operating device tablet.So there...before commenting Negatively.......get a little informed FIRST.

Awesome product and service

The quality and features of this Samsubg Galaxy S4 are far above of those of the iPhone 5 or the Black Berry Z10; the screen, the camera, are some of its most remarkable of them.

This product cost same price of a ATT one but the difference is this one on amazonis just a clone... you dont believe me then try to enter you IMEI here [...]

I own a Samsung S4 Galaxy and Samsung (in their infinite wisdom) just forced us to upgrade the Kies application to a new Beta version that has no Synching capability and no Music Playlist management. For you iPhone users, this is analogous to the iTunes App on your Mac or PC. Here is Samsung's brilliant response to the obvious major planning error:Thank you for contacting Samsung Customer Support.I am sorry to hear this information was not available to you as it should be. I hope we can clarify this below.I regret to inform you that KIES 3 does not support syncing your contacts, schedule, memo and multimedia information and you are unable to edit music information or playlist management. Further to this you will not be able to use KIES 3 for contact editing, store applications or podcast.We have raised this with our engineers to have something implemented to access this feature, at this time we have not had a response and cannot predict if , or when the feature will be restored.I apologise this was not made clear to you and thank you for your continued patience and input.If there is anything else we can help with, please let us knowFor those of you who want to use your phone for any of the aforementioned features try a different Android phone or switch to iPhone.  At least Apple doesn't purposely try to handcuff their customers.

this smartphone is a great phone and easy to used the camera just perfect and giving you the feel that you really there when you see the picture.the reception is much better than the previous phone.

I have chosen because Galaxy S4 more best compare to other iPhones. I liked all function in this phone. I love it.

And that shortcoming is making phone calls.But I guess it tells you something that I still rate a phone 5 stars even though the only frustration I have with it is while making phone calls.I upgraded to this from a 2 year old LG Android phone and am still very happy with the storage space and app capabilities of the phone. I got the phone through T-Mobile after switching from AT&T;, who's been named the fastest 4G network or whatever, but this phone is built to be so fast that it's definitely much faster than the phone I had been using with AT&T.;The only time I've really been frustrated with the phone is when I'm making a phone call and have to open the keypad, I can't seem to get the phone to go back to the call screen so I can adjust call volume, speakerphone, etc. This hasn't been a huge detriment, since of my unlimited monthly minutes I usually use about 10 minutes of talk, but it can get frustrating when it does happen. Also I really like being able to make calls over Wi-Fi, but one annoying thing about that is sometimes I'll be on the phone while walking out of my apartment and once I get out of range of my Wi-Fi connection even if I have a 4G signal the call will get dropped. I wish it could transition more easily.Also I never used the Google Task function until I got this phone, because it makes it so easy to make a little to-do list for myself on the go. However this function won't sync with my Google calendar on my computer which can be annoying. But I think that's more of a Google issue than Samsung.But I mostly love this phone and all the apps I've been able to use that I couldn't before. Using Dropbox to sync my camera pictures with my laptop has been great as I'm a blogger by hobby and using my digital camera was quite a hassle. I'm also better able to use apps like Pinterest and Facebook that would bog down my old phone. The camera takes great pictures and I feel like it's much easier to share them than it was on my old phone. The display is great as well, very sharp and high resolution. Also the screen is huge, but the phone is very lightweight and thin. Much more so than the smaller screen LG phone I had been using.Today marks one month that I have had this phone, and I'm optimistic that I'll be happy with it for several more months. Maybe even 23 more months.

Very good device 100% recommendedexcellent performance, the length of the very good battery, totally perfect screen, the device fluently very good

Mi equipo llego en perfecto estado, lo estoy usando a todo momento y hasta ahora no me ha presentado ninguna falla aunque no me trajo manuales seg&uacute;n mi idioma como aparecen en las fotos ni el cargador adecuado para mi regi&oacute;n (cargador europeo) como tambi&eacute;n aparece en las mismas fotos pero no me puedo quejarme puesto que el equipo funciona bastante bien y el tiempo de traslado fue impresionante.

I was stumped on choosing between the Galaxy S4 and the LG G2. I always have the highest expectations and standards when it comes to gadgets and the Galaxy and G2 fit the bill. I was leaning more towards the LG G2 primarily because of the larger screen but the thickness of the G2 didn't seem appealing to me.After much research, I got the Galaxy S4 (black mist) and I haven't looked back.Physical appearance of this phone is beauty at its best. Lightweight and thin while feeling like a Premium handheld device. It really makes me smile inside every time I find a reason to grab it from the pocket.The features in the new Galaxy take the experience to an entire new level. Multitasking is a breeze! And the Quad-Core Processor is nothing to complain about as it will run multiple applications simultaneously without breaking a sweat.Now the camera, which is one of my main interests in any phone, is pretty darn good when used properly. Quality photos are easy to come by considering that there is good lighting within the shot. Camera editing features are great, too.I haven't found any downsides yet, but I will update this post as I become more familiar with the Galaxy S4.

Samsung Galaxy s 4 is the greatest phone that i ever buy/use and also one of the fastest! Must have!)))

I always get the latest and greatest Phone.There is nothing really bad to say about the S4.Sure it is a touch on the big side, but for me it isn't too big.I love all the features this Phone has, very well made for sure.A big reason why this phone instead of the others (like the ones starting with an i) is because it has NFC technology.NFC in this phone is awesome, because now I can buy tags to use around the home, my car, and work.NFC Tags are used to automate all those mundane tasks that I have to do everytime I do something that requires me to change one, or more settings on a phone.  I just program a tag to turn on wifi, or turn on/off bluetooth, or start an app, or whatever I need my phone to do.  Then I stick the tag near where I usually end up changing settings and tap my phone to it, EASY!!So far the best quality, and best looking NFC Tags I have found that work with the Galaxy S4 (and all devices with NFC) are these:5 Pack of 4K NFC Tags with a Sticker Sheet by TagsForCells. Samsung has NFC Stickers, but they are flimsy and if you get the wrong ones from samsung they will not work with the S4, only the older models.  The NFC Tags from TagsForCells are perfect for the S4, and they can hold almost 4Kbytes (alot when it comes to NFC) worth of programming, data, contact info etc (versus the 203 tags that barely hold anything.

Well let me start out by explaining my previous smartphones, I have always used ONLY IPhones, until I purchased the Galaxy S4. I have to say I am impressed. I have been using the phone for several months now and I am more than pleased.Battery Life: I am able to get approximately 15+ hours per charge on this with regular use (Not gaming on the phone). I will describe regular use as calls, texting, some internet use. The phone while playing games causes the battery to drain quite quick, so if this is something you want to do with this phone I would recommend getting an extra battery OR bringing your charger with you. Coming over to this phone from IPhone I was thrilled to see that you can actually remove the battery. The other really nice thing is that the phone can be charged with a simple Micro USB cable, you are not stuck with some phone specific cable that only works with this phone!Speed: The speed of this phone is simply amazing! I am able to switch between apps very quickly, the apps also run smoothly. The processing power on this phone is very powerful and I really am pleased with it.Storage: I have read many complaints about the space available (roughly 9 gb. of free usable space on the 16gb version of the phone). Now the good news if 9gb is not enough for you is that you can simply pick up a Micro SD card for $20 and then you will instantly nearly double your memory capacity! I picked up a 32gb card and installed it with no issues at all! Rumors are that a future software update will even allow you to run apps directly from the Micro SD card, so be sure if you get one that you get a card that is quick enough.Design: I love the design of this phone, it is sleek and stylish. The phone is very nice and has a really nice look. I purchased the black version which is more of a graphite.Screen: The screen is also really nice, it is the best screen on any smart phone that I have EVER seen. I have compared this to friend's Iphone 5s and the HTC One. The closest competition is the HTC One, but I have to say that the Galaxy s4 looked sharper and the colors were brighter and more lifelike.Special Gimmick Features: This phone has so many additional features that are featured in the commercials, such as Air View, Screen Scrolling, Waving to Answer, etc... Sure these features work fine, but in my opinion they are not really needed. I find myself not really using these at all... I have shut down several of these simply because I never use them! The additional features are cool things to show off to your friends, but they are a really small reason of why you should buy this phone!Overall this is an amazing phone, I would definitely recommend picking this up!

the seler send me a china phone made in china but not by samsung it not working good i no like it

It's just everything I expected after reading all reviews here. The only thing I can say that could be of value to readers here is that the cell phone is not that big. A Galaxy note would be the case, but this one not.

Good

This is the story of my AT&T; Samsung Galaxy S4. Brand new woo hoo! Got it two weeks ago or so.I was outside and the battery drained to zero (which i've never let it do before). I went home and plugged it into the charger. Doesn't charge. No led or anything. just blank.Now the phone doesn't turn on. I went to ATT DSC (Device service center), and they said it was a battery issue. I tried somebody else's s4 battery that had a 75% charge. I got a grey battery icon with a stuck circle on it. Then it black screens. Phone refuses to turn on. So it's not a battery issue and technician is a moron.When I put in a battery, sometimes the LED flash on the camera will stay lit for a few seconds, but no matter what i do or what combination of buttons (power + volume up, etc etc) the phone will not turn on. Sometimes when I plug in the phone for a few hours, the phone gets incredibly hot but still won't turn on.Tried the samsung charger and cable with half a dozen outlets and computer usbs..And the phone is completely stock. No ROMS, no nothing. Never dropped it, never submersed in water either. I've always taken great care of my phones.I went from an iphone 5 to this. I was so ecstatic - like an upgrade in most ways! I've had iPhones for 3 years now, but wanted to try android. Guess the Apple powers that be have punished me for my treachery... Never had a single hardware related problem with them, but two weeks of getting this new phone? DEAD.Now I've gotta wait for my replacement REFURBISHED phone to come in the mail. Nothing like paying for a new phone and getting a refurbished one two weeks later that may crap out again because it's shoddily repaired by some AT&T; gnome. Thank goodness I paid like 7 dollars for it initially through my haggling skills.I'm sure people here will call me a liar. They'll point to the fact that I have few reviews. (I have multiple forum accounts with a thousand posts). Tell me that I'm hiding some kind of physical/water damage. Maybe they'll say that I bricked it from flashing a ROM, or that i'm some kind of apple lover. I am not. I'm just letting you know that my particular experience with this phone is that it's durability and quality control blows. TWO WEEKS.I've lost all the data and apps/customization i had. Not to mention the photos from a wedding I just went to.Thanks for listening. I just want you to know that I loved this phone up until now. But what's the use of having a gadget with tons of features if it doesn't WORK at all?

I chose 5 stars for this product because it has a lot of features, like the impoved camera, hd screen, the new sensors an functionalities.I would recommend the product for everyone who loves technology, android and all it's good things, and generally for people who wants to have a very good smartphone full of functions that help in the daily activities.

DO NOT BUY THIS &#34;TOTAL&#34; piece of GARBAGE!&#34;

The phone is great. I bought it even after they released the s5. The difference are not that much considering the price.

I bought this phone a couple of weeks ago. While the quality, speed, ease of setup, functions and everything else were in a word, great, what impressed me beyond belief was the length of life in the battery. As of this writing, it has been 2 days and 2 hours since I charged the battery and I still have 12% left. Yes, over 2 days and still have battery life. This is with normal use including talking, texting, email, words with friends the camera and more. I've never heard of ANY smart phone that has this kind of life. I had an X2 Droid, forget it. Apple iPhone can't even come close.The phone works great. Setup and screen personalization was a piece of cake. It is FAST. Camera and video are clear and sharp. I even used the camera for full screen, high res photos on my real estate web site. They look great. Voice dictation for email and texts were accurate to a "T". Saves a LOT of time on a long text or emailIf you're in love with Apple and like being stuck working buying only Apple connectors etc, than buy an iPhone. If you want to open your eyes to the best phone on the market, buy an S4.

The seller says that is a &#34;FACTORY UNLOCKED PHONE - INTERNATIONAL&#34;, however it is a T-Mobile phone with all the software from this operator inside, and you cannot remove it. I am from Brazil, we don't EVEN have T-Mobile, and I am obligated to keep this software and on-the-case printings with T-MOBILE product. It wasn't what I was expecting to have, and was my first disapointment with Amazon.

It was a really good deal considerin this is the international version. it works way beyond from what i expected from a smartphone.

I skipped the S3 because it didn't seem like a big upgrade from my S2. This phone is on a whole new level from my S2 just like the S2 was for my original Galaxy S(1). It looks amazing, feels amazing but I have to admit... The front looks great, the sides looks great, but the back........ It looks way too cheap. I&#8217;ve solved this issue with a Spigen Neo Hybrid.Sounds great, amazing screen, Camera from another league in the right conditions.... It can get average in lowlights. It&#8217;s fast but with occasional lags.I can fully recommend this phone.

my  favorite smartphone. the best in the marketplace. delivered in time and enyoy all full time. no similar, no imitation, no failure. it`s unique

good evening I see my duty is to tell them as bounding that should send the phone to their respective box and even more since the original box samsung is more and as it was to hopefully sell it sold but should not be must send the original box rest of the team all right already sold all excellent

Even I cannot understand most of its functions, at least it look pretty good. And I luckily it didn't explode as the news said.

We just found out from our carrier, when my wife took it to the store for help setting something up.  She was told this is not an S-4.  We could have just bought it there for the same price and had the right one.  Not happy is an understatement.

got this for my husband's case.  The clear one is very nice, you can't even tell he has a case on.  The only issue he has is that it doesn't cover around all the edges but I think that's what makes this case functional and pretty.

The phone broke down after a month of use and does not has warranty in the USA......it may contain parts that are not Samsung (like a clone).

I used to be a very loyal samsung buyer, because their products were well made and they had good customer support and warranties, and i guess many other people felt the same way as they are leaders in all of their brand categories. However i think they have grown too big for their boots and now that they have a critical mass of customers, are not bothered to provide the support that made them in the first place.The S4 i bought recently, is problematic and the 24 hour turn around for repairs is closer to a month. Even their PC connection software is close to rubbish and rarely works without numerous hitches. The latest incarnation will only work with the s4, so if you have any of their other phones you cannot use the same PC to update/backup all of them without installing/ uninstalling the program each time!I hope samsung do not sit on their laurels too long, because customers remember...Look at Nokia and Blackberry and the hell they have been through.

20 words is 19 too many. Best is the one word for it. I am a technical man, l know what I am talkin about. You do not need the phone if there is no reception.  S4 has a highest sensitivity on the market at the moment. When my iphone lost reception s4 still had 4 bars. Good luck.

I like so much this product. Size and quality are very good. The battery is better than other smarthphone. I recommend it

I've had the S4 for a few weeks now and I really love it.  The screen is nice and big and the phone is slim.  The camera on this phone is really good too.

Before reviewing the phone, the seller, I want to say to all the people who just reviewed this 1 star because the price is too much and AT&T; an T-Mobile has it, please quite wasting everyone's time. WHY? Without buying it how do you know it's fake or not????And for the record if you want to pay $630 to get the phone from T-Mobile go ahead. When you end up paying Tax and shipping you end up paying $700 anyways. There you go, digest that. That being said, the T-Mobile S4 that I got comes with crap that is running in the background draining the battery and using up space. This has only the Samsung software that aren't completely useless.That being said, on to the phone review. I'm not technophile, but I know a great product when I see one. I've had Samsung TV's, Tablets, and the Galaxy S, SII and now the S4. Quality is what you'll get. And for the price? You can't beat it. You're not locked in with some stupid cell phone provider and their bloatware isn't crapping the phone's style.The display gorgeous, really vibrant, and I love the features so far! (Only had it a few hours, but first impressions always make the best impression). It's smooth, sleek, very very thin. Beat that apple!!!With the Galaxy S4 having more computing power than the Apollo 13, it's a solid, good buy.All in all, it's a fantastic, wonderful phone and I recommend it to anyone.

My friend is using this phone in El Salvador and he loves it. He just put a country SIM card in and he can use it for all his needs. May apps and capabilities of this phone. Seemed to be losing charge quickly, but once he closed the apps he wasn't using, the battery seemed to last longer.

Just wanted it be clear here this is not a Verizon Phone and will not work on there network, I know when you type Verizon Unlocked S4 it brings you here, but this phone will not work on Verizon.

ITS A GREAT PHONE AWESOME SPECS AND CAN SHOWS HOW FAR TECHNOLOGY HAS GROWN AND IT TENDS TO MAKE LIFE EASIER AND I LOVE IT

I recently purchased the Samsung Galaxy S4 as my primary phone as I became required to use phones that are Samsung SAFE phones. SAFE is Samsung's acronym that denotes phones that are capable of secure connections through microsoft exchange, secure VPN, on-phone encryption and remote management. What they don't mention is the remote management and encryption is done through the BUILT INTO ANDROID TOOL called Google Device Policy.I digress though, this is about the GS4. I had purchased an LG G2, but had to return it in favor of a Samsung SAFE phone, but I have used both long enough to write an accurate review. Overall the GS4 is terrible.It suffers from feature bloat, something that is well documented. Its notification window is now dominated by various samsung notifications that cannot be removed nor turned off leaving me literally 1/4th of the screen for my actual notifications. The space is taken up by a brightness slider which could easily be replaced by the android standard control panel widget for brightness. The widget I speak of allows you to quickly go from low to medium to high brightness with a single touch. LG does this AND it allows a 4th setting for a custom brightness level. +1 to LGJust below the brightness slider is the 'Ongoing Apps' notification. Go ahead and google this. The ongoing apps cannot be removed and its notifications consist of things like, "You are now connected to wi-fi", or "your wi-fi is off". Both of these I know, and can easily tell by looking at the top bar or by looking at the wi-fi widget along the top (also not removeable). So on the same screen I have two notifications that take up about 1/8th of the screen each telling me something I should be aware of anyway through normal usage.Moving on to the audio department. The audio hardware generates a high pitched noise which is a grounding issue within the phone itself. All phones have this issue and I have yet to find a good solution for eliminating it. This means that high quality earphones or car audio systems become unusable with this phone. I personally like to use my phone for music a lot and now that is impossible. This renders my phone really only good for silent gaming and for taking phone calls. If I wanted a device just for phone calls, I would have purchased a flip phone.Those cool features that pause the video when you are watching it if you look away? They don't work at all. There is Smart Scroll which is supposed to scroll up when you look at the bottom of a paragraph which I have never gotten to work at all, even in smart tilt mode. There is smart screen which is supposed to keep the screen on while you are looking at it which does not work at all either (especially while using you tube for some reason). And finally, there is the smart video which will not work when I have my glasses on, and when i take them off, pauses the video every time I blink or never pauses it at all.The other most advertised features is a mode which presents the user with only the shortcuts a novice would need and only the apps they use. This is a way to get people who never use a smart phone to start using a smart phone, but is flawed because it really prevents them from using the phone in a smart way. It is a function that turns your $250 (new contract priced) phone into a phone that has functions available on ALL free phones from all major carriers. This essentially is for those who want the latest and greatest just to say they have it and not actually for using it.To top it off, its camera is good in really bright situations, but in medium to low light, it looks like a knock off $20 camera available at a gas station.Overall I would NEVER purchase this phone again. It is worthless, and a complete waste of money. To top it off its cost is $50 more than the far superior LG G2. Trust me, unless you are required to use a Samsung device, you are better off with ANY OTHER SMART PHONE AVAILABLE.

I have already purchased the same cel from that company.  This one arrived on time, but I have had some problems due to the software.  As they have been managable I have not contacted the seller, if they continue I will get in touch for advice.

Bought this phone for my hubby, only to find out I cannot download Whatsapp or Viber on it. It says that it is not available for this region (Netherlands Antilles). Sucks!!

This phone is amazing, but sadly mine had the camera broken (not working or dead) and I had to replace it. It's unbelivable than a new phone has this kind of issue, plus the international guarantee is not usable in all countries (Costa Rica for example) I couldn't use it because I didn't made the purchase on the country... Samsung your doing it wrong!About Tech Giant I liked that they send me the package before than I espected. The customer service is excellent they contact you very soon, they are very kind and tries to solve any problem you need to. In my case they helped me with my camera's problem.

battery is already not getting full charges. Battery doesnt charge and phone dies out of no where. I dont know why this is happening.

I would totally recommend this seller. My Samsung Galaxy is in the perfect shape and everything is as said in description.I really enjoy it!

&#34;It was mentioned unlocked, but when I opened it it was not properly unlocked, it has some connection and terms and conditions of the T-mobile services&#34;

Thanks, the phone came in very good conditions and the original box

I bought this after returning to crapy phones to Virgin mobile. it was on sale for half price so I broke down and bought it. Samsung can't compare with the iPhone, but for a smart phone the Galaxy has it where it counts. I like that fact the newer Samsung Galaxy is a sma&#314;er size, more pocket friendly. This phone is has excellent sound quality so coversations are an ease. Fast internet even when the reception is not that good. Even youtube and online radio work fast. super clear retina display makes it easy to use, and a soft touch screen that's also very easy to use. the spell check is the best I've ever seen on a smart phone. The 5.0 megapix camera is amazing quality. plug this into your computer for fast anywhere internet.  overall what you get for the money is well worth it.

Nice size, sleek with modern features I did not have on my old phone (a competing brand)  I like the size and the screen is just large enough that I can see everything clearly.  It did not come with an owners manual so I am having to do learn using the phone by ear.

I do agree that this is one of the best phones made to date BUT the phone is just too big. I don't even have small hands and I think it's a big phone. I wish it was at least 4 inches. The 4 mini seemed like a good alternative but it looks like it won't have as many features.

Haven't been this disappointed since I found out that Lion-O wasn't hitting Cheetara.  Where to begin. First off the camera didn't work at all and when I contacted the Amazon seller they wanted to give me a refund minus 25-50% of the price I paid because- wait for it- now that I had opened it they could not resell it as new- how they would try to sell a broke phone as new is beyond me. I had to pay almost 100 dollars to get the camera replaced. Next they battery overheats so much I am worried that I might actually be cooking my future children. When the battery in overheat mode you may get 4 hours battery use at most.In short- should have got an Iphone- thanks Korean!!!!

It is my first smart phone, so I do not know much about the pros and cons. I like all  the features so far.

I've had many phones over the years.  This is my fourth smartphone after two Iphones and a Nokia Windows phone.  It leaves them all in the dust.  I needed an Android phone because I use Google Apps for Business - and the Samsung interfaces perfectly with it. Iphone and Windows support for Google is, as you'd expect, almost non-existent.  If you use Gmail you're better off with an Android phone.Plenty of apps available from the Samsung store and Google Play, and quite cheap too, compared with Apple and Windows.I paid $20 to upgrade to the full Garmin sat-nav app.  That was worthwhile. Another useful function is the ability to tune earphones and headphones to your ears.  Works rather like the hearing test an audiologist uses.The main downside was PC-to-phone music syncing.  All my music in is Itunes, a hang-over from my iPhone days - and I like Itunes.  There are a couple of utilities that sync Itunes to Android.  The best I found is a paid app called Isyncr.Battery life is decent.  Usually a day of average use take me down to around 70%.  When using sat-nav I plug it into the car socket otherwise it will drain quickly.  Rarely, and for some unknown reason, it suddenly decides to drain completely by mid-afternoon.  Re-booting restores normal use.  I use a paid-for power control app to assist.  Useful as it automatically switches wi-fi, Bluetooth, and 4G data on and off as needed.  This conserves power.My phone was a grey-market import from Hong Kong using a local well-known mail order importer.  I suppose I don't get a Samsung warranty with that but I was prepared to risk it.  Oddly the operating system was branded Optus (Singtel-Optus) with a lot of Optus crudware.  Deleted all that.The camera takes decent pictures but it's no substitute for a 'proper' camera.I'm upgrading to the newer model because after 6 months I killed mine by putting it in the wash.  Sad and annoying.  If I hadn't done that I'd stay with it for a while longer. The replacement will be the new S5 model, of course.

I received mine yesterday, Apr 25 from a pre-order through AT&T. All the contents appear to be exactly like what I received. However, I did pay only $199 + 2 year contract. Like the other reviewer pointed out though, you could easily order this and then break the contract for less money. I could understand the inflated price if there was some supreme shortage but I've had one for the last 24 hours!

Needless to say its the best phone, slim, light weight, powerful processor greate features.... Best in market !!! Go for this !!!

wonderful phone, still learning all the ins and outs of it.  Had a droid bionic, loved it but love this one so much better.

I'm trying to learn how to use an android phone. It is my first experience: it is taking me some time and effort.It seems that it is sensitive to electric noise and changes some states.

I purchased an ATT Galaxy S4 two weeks ago and have had nothing but problems with the battery and the charging process.  I have bought 7 different chargers but none of them, including the one that came in the box, will charge the phone completely. I connect the charger when I go to bed and 7 hours later the battery is weaker than when I began charging.  The charger seems to go off and on during the night and it actually ends up discharging on most nights. This is a chronic issue with Samsung phones. No one has a definitive answer but they tell you to buy a new battery and try that. Others say it still doesn't work. The phone has more features than anyone could possibly use but what good are they if you can't get a decent charge on the battery and thus can't depend on your phone to work when you need it? I'm going back to iPhone.  Really sorry to say this, but I fell for the hoopla over the Galaxy 4 and it is a complete dud as far as I'm concerned. Beware!

It has to many features that I do not know where to start, overall is a great product, I really like the camera and its functions.

Meets above specifications, recommended for all those people who like Galaxy models but wish in smaller sizes than the originalDelivery within the promised time

The package arrived brand new as the promised.  I am been having a lots of problems with different sellers, i will say this guys are the best.  The telephone was in very good condition, the box belong to the phone and the accessories were complete. The are on my list as Number 1.I love it!!!!!!

Super smooth , incredibly beautiful screen and there is nothing I don't like about this phone, you can't go wrong

First of all, I bought the product from the seller "Good deals only Good".The phone I bought would not accept any SIM card. I tried with several of different companies, and it did not work out.Then I found out that the telephone was on a black list! Either because it was stolen or they did not completely pay it. This really bothered me because I had to face my mobile company (tmobile) and explain to them that I purchased this product and it was not my fault. In the end I still had to pay a penalty so the phone could be taken out of such list.This is really unacceptable and I do not recommend this seller!!

If you like charging your battery twice a day, congratulations, you've found your phone. The battery performance was so pathetic that I thought Verizon had shipped me a bad battery. Nope, after they sent out a second one, battery life was exactly the same. If I charge the phone before bed, shut down all programs, and turn off mobile data, etc., when I wake up the next morning, the battery has about 50 or 60% of its charge left. Most days, I wind up charging the phone at least twice. I also find the size of this phone a bit much. To my eye, it's about a third again larger than an iPhone, and it is a little unwieldy for ordinary use -- doesn't fit easily into a pocket, etc. Mind you, I am not watching videos on it, or playing games. If those things are important to you, you may find the size more of a benefit than I do. And as for all the much hyped features of this phone -- meh. I don't really get what all the hoopla is about. A family member had convinced me that this was the phone for me -- then he went out and bought a Uno.

The only problem is that I ordered it black (&#34;Black Mist&#34;), and the actual box says it is black (&#34;Black Mist&#34;), however I found a WHITE phone inside. Other than that - awesome.

I thought this was an excellent phone for the first months of use. I used it regularly, put a very protective otter box on it and only charged it until battery was full, never left it plugged in overnight. It was working perfectly for 5 months, then the battery started discharching very quickly. Now the phone freezes during boot up. DON'T BUY THIS PHONE FROM THIS SELLER, THIS SELLER MAY BE AN INTERNATIONAL COUNTERFEITER. That's why the title says INTERNATIONAL, NO WARRANTY. If you need to buy it unlocked buy it directly from Samsung or other retailer with 1-year warranty.

I was talked into buying this version by a salesman at Radio Shack.  I would have done the cheaper but older version, decided what the heck, go for the gusto.  First time I didn't buy warranty, as I have never had problems with other Samsung products.  BIG mistake.  I have had Sprint as carrier for close to 20 yrs.  They could do nothing for me at onset of problems.  I hate this phone!  Great bells and whistles, but constant locking up, crap battery life.  Will look into i phone next time.

I could not get my phone activated at Verizon because it was a latino phone.  The phone was meant to be a prepaid, which Verizon could not do.

I'm upgrading from a 18 month old phone that died on me, and it had a 3300mAh phone that lasted days without recharging.The S4, whose battery is 2600mAh, lasts roughly a day and I'm impressed on how it handles power saving, but a larger battery never hurts.The screen size is awesome - 1920x1080 on a 5" diag. screen.The processing power (two quad core CPUs...) is a WIN.  I'll never slow this thing down...16GB of internal storage is sufficient (my previous device had 8GB.)2GB of system RAM is phenomenal, especially for opening many web browser windows without crashing the whole phone.MicroSD cards give ME the freedom over inexpensive storage expandability.The physical, spring-loaded 'home' button is a change from the touch-sensitive backlit "button" my older phone had, especially as the S4 has touch-sensitive backlit "buttons" and it's awkward to  get used to.The chassis feels solid, but is cheap plastic and not metal.Photography is great, given the limitations of cell phone cameras.  The HDR mode is a partial joke, though, as it merely artificially ramps up darker sections - truly dark areas are not given bracketed exposures needed for real HDR photography.  If there's enough lighting, the faux HDR does a passable job, but it can't replace skill with a real SLR camera just yet.I love the ability to use my own fonts for the user interface.The phone runs VERY stable as well.But, along with a bigger battery, the USB port no longer allows a mass storage device option when connecting to a PC.  This makes data transfer difficult, but wi-fi options exist.  There's one at the Play store I will be buying, to get rid of the 5MB/file limitation (find and try it out and see if it works for you...  it's a popular app.)  But wired connections are always faster, and more reliable, than wi-fi.Overall, a top-notch phone, but the two nitpicks are just enough to cost it a point.I am not affiliated with Samsung, for the record.

It has everything it said and more.  Sure, most of it is software based, but it has those little things that grow on you (plus is fun to brag about what your phone can do, even if you don`t use that feature often lol).The hardware is a beast, haven`t experienced any lag at all, even running the latest games or apps.  Haven`t experienced any lag, or ghosting or any of the problems reported (and I still haven`t done the firmware upgrade available).Great phone, good quality on calls, and battery lasted close enough to 24 hours with moderate use (3g, gps, chat, calling, and epub reading).

Over a month of experience with the phone, I'm honestly disappointed, upgrading from an EVO 3D, first released 3 years ago, on June 24, 2011. (OUCH!) There is a GIANT learning curve to this phone, if you've never used a Galaxy 3 or even a 2. I used a Galaxy S3 for one week before I decided to go with the S4. The S3 performed even worst then this S4 &#61516;, when using similar apps/functions/settings.Visit the Galaxy S4 simulator on the Samsung website, it's really awesome but it only shows you a picture perfect version of how the phone is intended to be used, not real life application.Jelly Bean 4.2.2./ Operating systemIn general, I'm SO disappointed at how the phone stutters or lags. Considering it's the fast phone on the market with an overclocked 1.9GHz quad-core processor, I would expect it not to lag at all or as much as my previous phone the EVO 3D with a dual-core 1.2 GHz processor.You can view all the applications that are currently running by holding down the home button, you're supposed to be able to close all running apps when you press the "close-all apps" button. I find that several apps do not close down, even though they no longer show up on the list of running apps. I'm not sure if this is due to application errors/code or Samsung just added this feature to make people feel better?Take a screenshot by sliding your entire hand across the screen (this is not "easier"), several instances where this doesn't work or takes the screen shot at the wrong time because your hand causes the screen to slide what's on the app left or right. GIVE ME BACK my power button + home button to take a Screen shot please!Creating folders on the home screen is now slower / annoying (what?yes!) What ever happened to just dragging an app on top of another to create a folder?You can easily hide or uninstall apps from the app drawer, "Go launcher" has been doing this for almost 3 years now.Major Dislike: There is no toggle//widget for Data, 3G, 4G, or LTE on these Galaxy S4s. You must dive deep into menus to do this. There isn't an app I am aware of that can produce this functionality either. I'm sorry I thought I bought an android phone, not an iPhone.Screen lock has several issues unlocking or creating short cuts. I gave up trying to customize this using the built in features.Samsung Apps:Samsung wants to replace just about all Google Apps, which is really dumb; I don't need several apps backing up every piece of my personal info. One is good enough? Besides, just about all the Samsung Apps are severely under developed. Samung Link and Samsung Kies are also VERY slow, I would never use them. Snappea app is better for managing for phone/apps/music/etc from your desktop.Samsung's Clock/Weather widget lags like crazy on this Galaxy S4. You also can not launch our clock from it, which was something I was used to do ICS, it was natural. "Clock the clock to set the clock or alarms." Now, Samsung wants me to become obsessed with checking the weather, because that's all it launches. There are times when the App is completely invisible, not displaying/functioning at all. COME ON!S Health: This works ok, there are better apps at the play store. Tell me why they removed this from the LTE version of SG3s?S Translator: This works well, give it a try.Samsung Hub/apps = Galaxy only PlaystoreS memo : it's okay, I've used better apps for typing/creating documents.S Voice is horrible in my opinion, but the Driving mode is completely Hands free, unlike Siri. I don't care what you siri-fanboys/gals say, this is a much safer way to use the phone while driving.Google Now is awesome, it's not Siri, nor will it replace Siri, and it can't do certain things S Voice can. At the same time Siri could learn a lot from Google Now. It's great for asking questions that you normally would do a Google search for. Siri is a beast when it comes to performing local app-based functions like calendar events and emails. You can have the best of both worlds on an Iphone 5, unfortunately, there is no Siri for android phones. With Google now you can ask it "Who is the president of the united states" = Barack Obama. Then ask a follow up question like "When was he born" = Aug 4, 1961. That is amazing! Endless possibilities with that active conversation-like function.Optical Reader barely works the way it's advertised.Multi-Window: Something most people would rarely use. It only works with a handful of apps."Contacts" is one of the most annoying features about Jelly Bean 4.2.2. When you type numbers or letters looking for someone to call, it only previews a single contact, not several like previous versions of android. It's also really bad at suggesting the names you are looking for, often showing names with letters you never even searched for in the first place.Keyboard:Normal keyboard and Swype work at the same time, which is amazing. I used to have to decide how I wanted to type from the keyboard options. Weird feature on this Galaxy S4 or Jellybean 4.2.2., there is this annoying "Select input method" notification in the drop down panel when typing text, no way to stop it from popping up is what I found searching around the net.There is no point to ever type in landscape mode, you get maybe 1/5 of the screen to see what you're typing!? The rest of it is for the keyboard. I can no longer long press on a letter that has a symbol I wish to input such as a hyphen, because it also brings up the hyphen and 3 over versions of a Z I'll mostly never use in my life. This makes it's much slower to type, since it takes about 3 seconds to get to that hyphen. example "Long press the letter Z, wait for menu to load, press hyphen." It's a serious step backwards, considering a lot of these symbols and characters could of be placed in the keyboard as separate individual buttons. It's a freaking 5" screen for crying out loud, use it!G4 Features:Air Gestures: This works with a very small amount of apps.Air View: This works with a very small amount of apps.Smart Rotation: Never use it/notice its working.Smart Pause: This works well.Smart Scroll: This has yet to work properly once for meSmart Stay: This works well.-Tilt head: very under developed.-Tilt phone: very under developed.Camera:Capture Photos while recording, finally!Slow/Fast Motion I didn't even know how to use this until I started to write this review!Dual Shot is very fun, you don't know how nice it is until you use it.Story Album is absolutely garbage compared to the HTC One's Zoe. I simply hid this app, since you can't remove it.Live filters are awesome, shows you exactly what the photo will look like in real time.Animated Photo creates a gif, takes some time to learn how to properly use it.Voice Commands will work flawlessly once you learn how the camera app wants you to pronounce the commands, for some reason, it didn't like the way I say "Cheese" at first.There are several more less notable features, check out the Samsung Galaxy S4 simulator to see the rest.Group Play:I was looking forward to using this with my Wife's Galaxy S3, but Samsung put out an update to my S4 Group Play app, which made it incompatible with S3s. Seriously Samsung?Battery:I am not impressed with the battery life. After checking with the built in battery app, it shows the battery is down to 71% with 2hrs of use (since the last charge). 61% of the power drain was from the massive 5 inch 1080p screen. What's shocking to me is that this poor performance was all under the "power saving" mode with all options enabled.After using this phone I've determined I wasted my money on it. This is not worth my upgrade. The phone features the best stuff available (spec-wise), delivering a very sloppy experience. Maybe Samsung should stop pumping out phones every month trying to be more innovative then Apple, and actually make something that works VERY WELL the first time you make it available to the public.There is a chance Samsung could update or polish up a lot of these features in the near future so that they work more accurately, not as some gimmicky magic tricks you use once in a blue moon. Most people will not touch 50% of the available features. There is a lot of unnecessary crap on this phone. Dear Samsung: spend more time on what counts.I will be replacing this phone as soon as I possibly can.P.S. I don't write professionally so may it sounds like I went on a rant? I gave you my experience on the phone after heavily testing it out for over a month. Ask me questions, I'd be more than happy the answer them.

fast and good shipengjust as describedi got the product in a brand new box just as described on the site.no problems everything was perfect.

The phone is useless because it is not compatible with the Verizon carrier system.  It was a waste of time and money

Buy this product and was a complete scam because NO IV/S4 the Samsung Galaxy S GT-i9500 Factory Unlocked Phone - International, is a team Samsun Galaxy R970 and also is associated with a company called U.S. Cellular, also had to pay a fleet of 207 dollars for the shipping to my country. This product is a total hoax

Bought a brand new S4 here in Brazil, treated it with the utmost care but it stopped detecting the SIM card exactly two weeks later - now Samsung's own authorized repair center tells me it's gonna take seven business days to fix it (they also told me that the problem is frequent...) - I don't know about you, but to me that is a lot of time to be out of reach, so I'll have to fork out additional money to buy a spare cellphone. I have used a Nexus S (manufactured by Samsung also) for two years prior to this, never had any problems with that one, color me NOT impressed by this new phone.

Save you money and don't buy! Samsung cut every corner to make this cheaply. I had the phone in my pocket as I traveled to my vacation 1100 miles from home and the screen cracked. Samsung will not back their products. Needless to say I have a 3 day old/$300 paper weight. Verizon is as bad if not worst! I dare you to go to a Verizon store and try to flex this phone. It bends like wet paper and BET you will break the screen!

This product really wows me. It is a very good cell phone and I will really want people to go out and purchase this product. The money spent on it is well spent.

I am not sure if the product would be genuine or not. So I will not comment if the ad is genuine or fake. But all I can say is the price is completely ridiculous!

This phone is a clone. It was new when i got it, but soon after i started encounter some issues. In two month the screen started to shows some sort of bubbles. The phone has peel off in one of the corners. I am afraid it will not last more than eight months. :(When a company tells you that it has not guarantee is because they know it does not work property.

Does anyone know if it has the language choice of turkish. Also how many languages are there on the phone?

Best phone I have ever owned to date... It really is your life companion--it can organize your life if you needed it too!!

Great phone, quick to access the internet and anything but the camera is junk. the pictures are incredibly bad even while being very still. for paying $300 for this phone I thought it would be way better quality.Pros:Very responsive, easy to learn, wonderful phone.Cons: CameraHavent used the video but assuming it may be like the camera

The device is very fast, picture quality amazing, it really competes with my DSLR camara. wow.Don't care about human control via eye motion or waving hands but I imagine for someone with disabilities perhaps those features could be a great help.Looks sharp, solid, thin.  Super AMOLED screen is great, cannot see any pixelation.The only previous phone I had with a hard button on bottom was and iPhone and never like it, this one also has a hard key and I think is unnecessary.The device connected to weak WI-FI signals with no problem, makes me think that the internal guts and the antennas are really good. I like that because when traveling crowded airports and coffee shops sometimes their signals are weak and my laptop has a hard time while this phone did not.If you like android os you can't go wrong with it.

Cheaply built phone engineered for profits, not for user satisfaction.  This thing is nothing but e-waste waiting to happen.  So cheap.  Not built to last.

It remains unclear exactly how Samsung plans to combat the region-locking issue itself. As per the statement, any fixes may come through software optimization. Rumors indicate that older Samsung Galaxy devices will also receive the region lock feature when they update to new operating systems such as the upcoming Android 4.4 KitKat. Notably older handsets such as the Samsung Galaxy S4, Galaxy S3, Galaxy S2, Galaxy Note 2, and Galaxy S4 Mini, manufactured after the end of July 2013 have the region lock implemented. Galaxy S4 handsets with region lock have reportedly been spotted in Latin America and Europe.

The phone worked properly for almost 7 months before loosing the ability to use a sim card all together.  Samsung refuses to even diagnose the problem for any reason because they don't sell this phone unlocked. I went to an authorized service center and discovered that they only do repairs on very specific model numbers based on region, if you don't buy their products locally they will refuse to help you outright.  I replaced the sim card caddy thinking that might fix the problem but it did not, next best guess is the motherboard which is a more than $200 part.  BUYER BEWARE!

Is the best celular phone around.It has the most complete photos program..It's fast and I love my new phone

I received a modified phone when it should be new and official, I am totally dissatisfied. No more trust to buy this kind of stuff.

The Samsung Galaxy S IV/S4 GT-I9500 attended my expectation!Ir is a Great product so I recomend it !! !

Lightweight and very fast. Big screen, but not overdone. Great features too.Heats up a bit, but bearable.I recommend it.

First thing: good job Samsung.  Second thing: great hardware, terrible software.  If you're a fan of beautiful animations and a nice interface, the GS4 is not for you. Don't get me wrong, I love my S4, but it feels like something is missing. It's a phone you might not want to stick with during a full 2 year contract.  The most used app you'll experience is the texting app. The text interface is like a luxury car without the luxury.  It just gets you to point A and B. Things like the keyboard and sent text messages just pop out of thin air, no animation what so ever. I'm not an Apple fan but their text inteface  for IOS 7 is stunning. It needs more of an Android feel to it all. Samsung's Touchwiz interface just sucks. Let me remind you that it's the same interface found on older Samsung devices. So it's not all an entirely new phone.  I would like to see some changes with Touchwiz in the near future.  It's too bland.  Other than these few things, it's a great phone.  Not ground breaking, but better than the S3.
