
Samsung Galaxy Grand Duos!! What can I say about this device? Lil who I'm kidding this phone is amazing! Cool features with a mega 5.0 screen... Buyers don't believe the hype about a phone that needs full HD, this device is created to display a 720p resolution that looks like 1080p HD. Therefore you won't no the difference, because the crystal clear screen display. Please be advised that this phone comes with a 8 GB, but I had used my 64 GB SD card memory to save everything as possible.... All transfer apps,pics, and etc is greatly and successfully saved on this device thru a SD card memory. Buyers have fun with this cool and outstanding phone that brings so much performances in the palm of your hands!

Faster processor and larger RAM would improve its performance. Otherwise it is a good phone and perfect if you have two SIMs.

I love it - great product for travel and use a different SIM in another country - WOrks like a clock!

Item as described. Quick shipping!It's a good phone at a great price. Big screen, battery life is decent, and is fast enough to keep up with even somewhat heavier apps.

Screen is good for viewing emails and videos. An addition GB of memory will make it an excellent phone for the price.

I first heard about the Grand through commercials on the Indian channel, NDTV.  I am aware that new Samsung products are first released in Asia/India (test the consumer market over there) before coming to North America.I just received my Galaxy Grand at my home in North America.  This is my first ever elaborate smart phone.  I thought about getting the S3, S3 mini, but I decided to get a phone that is not yet sold in North America--there is a certain excitement that comes with having a smart phone that very very few people have in North America.It is basically a phablet.  I own a Samsung tablet and the operating system (android jelly bean) are the same in the Galaxy Grand.It is a bit pricey at almost $400 (21,400 rupees in India).I recommend everyone reading a more detailed review of this phone on the NDTV site:  [...]

The phone on paper appears to be descent and works for the most part, but it was a let down for what I expected it to be.  Bottom line, I don't hate it, but I would not recommend.Let's do the comparison:Pros: - Dual Sim- microSD with up to 64gb- Nice clear screenCons: - Sluggish; probably not enough RAM, but maybe their version of the code- The included music player has a mind of its own and can be very unresponsive- Phone randomly restarts itself (averaging about 1x per week)Notes:1) This is i9082 but is the i9082L (Latin America) version.  I have no problem with this, but part of me hesitates if there is a difference on the software installed thereby causing the restarts.  I will probably root this and figure it out for myself what is going on.2) Battery charges fast but drains fairly quickly.  I tend to use the phone a lot during the morning and in the early evening I'm usually at 3-5% battery.  This is all without any games, only music, whatsapp and phone calls.3) The way that Samsung has written their ROM, it does not include an identification of misspelled words.  The Nexus I had previously identified all misspelled words in text and apps.  This makes it more difficult to write professional emails.4) The 3G is only from SIM 1 and unfortunately, I couldn't find an LTE dual-sim phone.  Maybe I am the only on that knows how awesome this would be....

Before purchasing this phone, I had the Galaxy Note that was rather bulky and heavy, yet I still wanted a 5 inch screen, but one a sleeker and lighter weight and newer phone. Since I am a true techie, I researched this phone for all specs as soon as it was released on several websites.  My goal in this review is to help in your buying decision one way or the other regarding this phone.PROS:- SIZE AND WEIGHT: Perfect size considering the fact that it has the 5 inch screen. It fits easily into my smallest purse. And I purchased a leather vertical case that clips to my waistband so I take it with me to the gym to listen to my music or radio when I work out. Because the phone is so light, I carry it easily on my jeans with the pouch/case that I purchased for the phone.- TWO STANDARD SIZED SIM CARD SLOTS:  Good to know as I did not have to cut my Sim cards, I just placed it into the phone and it read my carrier plan and I did not have to set up the APN settings for Internet and MMS as the setup did this for me automatically). This is good to know if you want to use your regular Sim card and not have to deal with settings yourself. What a great feature.- Screen Resolution - For me personally, I find the resolution GOOD to VERY GOOD, however, it is not as good as say an S4 or S3, but good. However, I have a way to make the screen look GREAT and CLEARER on the home page. What I did is installed the free app ZEDGE and choose a wallpaper that has a dark blue background. The picture I choose has a deep blue sky and mountain in it and the home screen is STUNNING and the white letters on the icons really stand out. And I will say that the screen detail is clear and easy to read and webpages are just stunning on this phone!- Phone call clarity etc. - No matter what my location using this phone for phone calls the clarity of calls is loud and clear whether on the phone's speaker, headset etc. I even had to turn down the volume quite a lot as the calls come in so well.- WiFi/3G (Internet): Connects to any WiFi I have tried very quickly and easily and if I am fairly close to the router, the signal strength is excellent. However, when I am a long distance from the router, the signal goes down, however, I still get WiFi and go on the Internet just fine. When not near a WiFi hotspot, I use AT&T; for data and easily get 3G and I have gotten 3G+ (there is no 4G in my area). The data is very fast, almost as fast as my home WiFi is.- Overall speed, performance, smoothness, picture quality of the screen--very fast and peppy. And I found a way to SAVE on both memory and on battery. What I did was to go into Apps/ Manage Apps and DISABLED the apps I don't use. Without rooting the phone, you cannot uninstall pre-installed factory apps, but you can disable them. Disabling the ones you don't use makes the phone run faster and frees more memory! Since I am a techie, I know which ones to disable and which ones not to disable, so if in doubt, please ask me in the comments and I will be glad to assist you in this.- BATTERY LIFE: This phone has given me the BEST battery life of ANY smartphone or that I ever owned. And I use 100% brightness. For me, even at 100 brightness, if I use WiFi or Data just when I need it and then turn it off, I get all day into the night on one single charge! (I charge nightly and the phone is at 100% ready to go the next morning).- EXTERNAL SLOT FOR MICRO SD CARD - This helped to sell me on this phone as I can add my personal music, photos, videos and more to this phone!And I placed a 32g in mine for music, files etc. *Keep in mind where External SD cards are concerned: They are JUST for your personal files: music, videos, photos, and other files. When you install apps from Playstore or other sources, they store either in INTERNAL Memory Card or sometimes in the phone area (most store in the INTERNAL SD AREA). This is the law of the land where Android is concerned and ALL newer Android devices (including Samsung) work this way when storing your downloaded apps are concerned.- INTERNAL STORAGE SPACE:This phone is advertised at 8GB of Internal space. The 8GB is the space BEFORE the drive was formatted, OS installed and then factory apps installed. So what I had on the phone BEFORE I installed any apps it had 4 GB left. This is how it is on any flash drive, SD card, Hard Drive as formatting alone takes up space.Also, since 3.0 Android and above, you cannot save any apps to your personal SD card. Instead the apps are installed one way or the other to the INTERNAL SPACE. However, the good thing is that your personal files as photos, music, videos, and more can be installed to your EXTERNAL SD Card so you do have that space for yourself.**I have a few apps I downloaded from the Playstore, but no games so I still have about 4.08 GB left on my phone for more apps later should I wish to install them.- Reading/Creating/Editing Word, Excel, Text Files and much more on this tablet: I downloaded a FREE APP called Kingsoft Office which I use for Office files (it reads, edits and creates Office files). And it also reads PDF eBooks so there is no need to download a separate PDF Reader app. *This is a MUST have if you have to read PDF or Word Docs etc, my docs are crisp and clear using this app.- CAMERA - The 8MP takes excellent pictures. So I took both indoor and outdoor pictures and even video. Well, I was pleasantly surprised how clear the pictures are. When I printed out some close up and other shots, I was really happy with the detailing in the pictures. Turns out to be a pretty good camera.- Bluetooth Speed and Performance - The Bluetooth paired quickly with several devices and copied files at a great rate of speed.- WiFi could be a little stronger. Close to a router it gets 5 bars and very strong signal. When I am far away, one bar. So performed a test using my Tab 3 8.0 and Tab 2 10.1: Of course these gave me stronger signals because these devices are WiFi only and have probably a larger WiFi receiver inside. So I compared it to my S3 Mini and the signal was close, yet the S3 mini did have a little bit stronger signal.- Adobe Flash is not supported in this phone or ANY ANDROID DEVICE after 4.0 OS. The only way to get flash is to get a archived flash and use a high end browser such as Puffin or Maxthon Browser. So downloading the older archived flash gives the ability to view SOME internet videos, but this is better than no flash at all. Keep in mind this is a problem with ALL brands of Android devices with 4.0 OS and higher it is just after 4.0 Android came out, the NEW and best flash is NOT supported for Android devices. It is what it is...Also, there is a newer Archived Flash out. So ask me in the comments if you need instructions and I will send them to you.- Very small instruction "manual" provided with the phone, however, I went to the Samsung site and downloaded the full manual and saved it in PDF on my laptop for reading anytime I need it. If you want the link for the manual, let you know in the comments and I will give it to you.- This phone will NOT accept an OTG (On the go) USB plug for flash drives, mice, etc. This was not a problem for me, I just plug in the USB Cable to copy files to the phone. So no big deal as I use Dropbox to download my photos and files and it is fast and easy.-- International Phone so NO US WARRANTY. Not a problem for me because I have learned over time that if a device is going to fail, it usually does it within the first 30 days. This phone has been great--no problems at all!-- No NFC except on the model of phone. I do not use NFC so I have no problem with that.Bottom line:  Actual stars I rate this phone is 4.5 took off .5 stars because of the WiFi signal not as strong as S3 Mini or my Tablets. Would I buy this phone all over again? Yes I certainly would because for the money, I believe this is the best deal out there dollar for dollar. Will this phone be the best for you? Yes, if you do not expect every bell and whistle feature from this phone like the S3 or S4 models and also you want just the most important features, then I totally recommend this phone!Hope this review has assisted you and thank you for reading it. Please feel free to ask me any questions in the comment area and I will answer all questions in a very timely manner.

I bought this phone, and after about 7 weeks of working perfectly, suddenly overnight while placed on charge, instead of charging the battery, in the morning it was almost completely drained. It subsequently did drain totally and the phone died. I bought a new battery, and the same thing happened - as soon as I plugged it in to re-charge, it started discharging! Very strange. Anyway, this vendor would not accept the product back without all the manufacturer's original packaging, and Amazon have refused to help, even though I'm a Prime member. So, KEEP YOUR ORIGINAL PACKAGING or you could end up with a phone that doesn't work and no recourse. My next stop is Samsung - oh great, just what I need to fill my day with!

Can't use Internet on it unless u r connected by wifi it sucks cause u can't use ur apps to pay anything unless u have Internet which is on my cell phone plan but don't know how to use it I guess was told by my phone company that the phone is not a fully unlocked phone so it doesn't work the way it's suppose to

He loves this phone. Its big, neat , accessible...and most important in style. Great product for the great price !

This is my first smart phone. I love it! Even at the age of 71, a person can learn new things in this world of changing technology. It works great here in Haiti! I have been using it for 10 days.When I purchased the phone I was in the U. S. Digicel sent me text messages from Haiti immediately suggesting that I go online to purchase minutes use the phone in the U. S.Also, I purchased a hard rubber cover for the phone and some plastic covers for the screen area.

Great phone, But speaker volume for caller is too low.

THIS IS THE 2ND TIME I'M PURCHASING THIS PHONE I LOVE IT SOOO MUCH. WORKS WELL IN GUYANA. TELLING EVERYBODY ABOUT IT.

I have had this phone for 7 months and I love it.  This is not a flagship phone, but it is a very good mid-range phone.  It has many features of the S3 (which I believe was Samsung's flagship at the time of it's release). The dual sim card works great in Nicaragua.  Lag is minimal but I reboot every 3-4 days. The specs are competitive for a mid-range phone.  The screen quality is not it's strong point, but you'll probably not notice much difference.  I would definitely recommend this phone.

I never cared for Android phones but I need touse two differebt sim cards in Brazil.  I love this phone.  It works  great.

My Mobile phone was delivered before the expected date of delivery. The product was delivered in good condition. But the high shipping charges & high import duty in India made it a very costly affairs as compared to its price in India. As far as the actual product was concerned, it was good for the initial few days of its usage, but within its first week of its operation, it started developing some technical problems like :-1) The sound volume was completely gone I had to format the whole set again to get it back.2)  Low Battery Backup, does not even last for one daytime.3) Frequent Hangings, needs to be restarted again & again.4) Low downloading & processing speeds.I need some sort of readdressal on these above mentioned issues.

The phone is good, the display size and images are very good despite the low ppi, dual sim function is really important when you need a family phone and a comercial phone.The only cons is the model delivered which was a i9082L which limits ROMs just from latin america countries.

Excelente me encanta.. Gracias!! 10 estrellas si es posible! 100% confiable, en buen estado, eficiente, muy buena calidad, buen producto, buen servicio

I bought device that offered 8 GB internal memory, but they sent me a 4GB device, I was deceived, and the problem is I'm in Colombia, but I'm feelling so hangry and disappointed.Really I don't hate the phone, but is not what I pay for, I wasn't expect something like this. Why Amazon allows this happen?, I pay  double capacity device. I will never be in business with this liar seller.Who will answer me this deception? if I'm in Colombia and the device was sent to Somers Poitn New Jersey, return it will be so expensive for me form here.

Everything was as expected and indicated online. Got the parcel on time, will all the contents. I recommend it to all.

This phone is a thing of beauty. It is a lot bigger than I expected it to be but not uncomfortably so. Coming from a Galaxy Pocket, I was very appreciative of the added screen real estate. I've had no real problems with setup, performance or connectivity. The dual sim feature works well.One potential drawback, which may be partly due to the case which I'm using with it, is that it's hard to take this phone in and out of pocket without touching either the power button or the volume rocker. Apart from that I have no difficulties with this phone whatsoever.

This is for my wife, She wants to sent her e-mail by talking.+ The screen is  big enough for her games, & anything else for her to do.I do recommend this as a buy.

I purchase the international unlocked version and send it to S. America for my parents but the phone doesn't work. It seems to have an electric problem.Will turn off automatically. I tried to return it but the returning dead line doesn't give me enough time to send it back to the US.Do NOT buy

I bought this phone to give as a Gift to My daugther-in-law and she loves it!! Since she leaves in Brazil and there cel phone is to expansive!!!

Phone is ok not perfect but what phone is, like the big screen for surfing the web, and reading emails.

big screen, good battery, good speakers, and good camera, some time if stops but every few days which is ok

Great phone, well for a dual sim phone . It works well I'm satisfied with it

This phone is amazing.  It has so many features but I was able to use it within the first hour. This is my first smartphone and I love it.

The phone meet all my expectations. I am enjoying it well. The dual sim its fabulous since before I had juggled 2 phones before. The size n weight its pefect. The screen size works well for me since I am in college n easier to view n browse. The features almost the same as n S4 because my bff has one.It note... if u r a person on the go... WALK WITH THE CHARGER ... battery dies really fast.Love it thou.... its a buy buy buy...

The description for this item is GT-i9082, the item I recieved was GT-i9082L. After many problems with my mobile carrier is that I realized that this phone has a different frecuency and is not accepted. The &#34;L&#34; version is for 850 frecuency not the 900 frecuency that is being offered.

Perfect for me. Perfeito para mim.Leonardo - from Brazil. (Brasileiro)This phone is show. Esse telefone celular &eacute; um show.

The only problem is the information the phone has 8 GBytes of memory - we can only use 4 GBytes - the other 4 GBytes are reserved for system usage. It should be cleared in specs.RegardsJair Gabriel

This was one of the best cell phone purchases I ever made ...I'm buying another one soon...Fantastic!!!!! And a great price

This phone has more features than the average person could ever use...gorgeous pictures, and rocket speed internet browser. And the two SIM card feature is sweet. Allows me to have my personal phone and business phone in one place at the same time. :)

i like screen size, resolution, cameras, dual sim, everything.. that's why I choosed it, I recommend whom likes to have all in one

I was thrilled to get the new Galaxy Duos and was happily using it for ONE MONTH, and then one monring it "failed" and would NOT turn on/reboot.I sent it back to Amazon, because it was a faulty product, and they proceeded to refund my card LESS a restocking fee of $60+:: this phone could not be resold: as I said it was faulty, so why was I being charged a restocking fee?I do hope in an effort to maintain good customer relations Amazon will  refund the restocking fee to my card as they supplied a faulty item to me.

good phone.. easy to use

I would recommend to anyone! The product met all my expectations! Thank you very much. (I just don't like being obligated to write a minimum number of words to be valid).

Nicer and bigger than I expected compared to other cellphones I had. I would really recommend it to my friends.

The reviews said the phone has a 8 gb memory but it is 4 gb thats the only disappointment im experiencing. If I add a memory card will that help in terms downloading from the play store?

Really like this phone, nice size great functionality and the dual SIM is just great.The regular screen resolution gives it a four instead of five star. It is a bit hard to see in daylight. It also doesn't update automatically, so I'm stuck with Android 4.1.But I'm overall very happy with the phone.

All good, it came as i expected and more. I recommend. To be perfect it could come with more accessories.

Dual chip is, sometimes, a requirement on some regions of Brazil.This one has this feature and has hardware enough for a decent use.Issue, Samsung customizations.

wow I have never had a Samsung before this .I had purchase an windows htc just before this but I returned it and a friend told me about this phone and I have no regrets about buying it . the phone is easy to use its unlocked and it is just amazing

good good, Very Good, Thank you Samsung Galaxy, it is really good for me, thank you again, it's working well,

I PURCHASED THIS PHONE ABOUT THREE MONTHS AGO. I TRIED SIMPLE MOBIL.WAITED FOR A WEEK FOR SERVICE BUT NEVER WORKED.TRIED T MOBIL ... CAN MAKE AND RECEIVE CALLS IN SOME PARTS OF THE BRONX BUT HASN'T BEEN ABLE TO SEND OR RECEIVE MMS.(picture mail). I NOT VERY PLESED WITH THIS PHONE AT ALL AND I'M STUCK WITH IT.DOES ANYONE KNOW WHAT GSM SIGNAL THIS PARTICULAR PHONE USES ? PLEASE HELP.THANK YOU

Meets all my expectations. Even though the resolution is not HD, it's not bad at all. I love everything about it.

I like it but I have been having issues with the contact. Contacts are unavailable a number of times in a day. I have to restart the phone if I want to make a call and the contacts are unavailable before it becomes available. I don't know if its a problem with this phone or a general problem affecting the model. Is any one else having issues with the contact? I would have rated this 5 stars if it were not because of the problem I'm having with the contacts.Update 02/10/2014As a last option, I have to reset the phone using factory reset two days ago. I have not had any issues since then so I'm changing my rating from 3 to 4 stars.

It's not a bad phone at all, just a few features Samsung can improve on! But still love this phone...

Great phone. Does everything I need and MORE. Stationed in Afghanistan and needed a dual Sim card phone for use here and to reach back to the states. It's been reliable, durable and the quality is excellent. Bought a protective case at the same time. Working great. Recommend to all.

great phone for someone that needs two sim cards on the same phone. great features form Samsung with latest android system

I love my phone, its performance, how it feels in my hand and its functionality.  I cannot complain, an excellent product.

Overall this phone does not deserve 4 or 5 stars, neither 1 or 2.I like that this phone works flawlessly. One of th ups is that you can use two sims at the same time. Well i have one simple mobile sim card. Amd one for mexico which is telcel amigo chip. This is one of the best parts of it. Also it has a 5.0 inch screen. Pretty good for its hardware. Also the speed of this phone is decentNow here is the things i hate about this phone. This is not usb otg supported phone. Which i found out recently, and was really dissapointed. All because i bought a usb called bridge leef. Over all i slightly hate my samsung galaxy grand duos. Maybe i could sell my samsung galaxy grand for the latest galaxy note 4 or 5 phones in the future. Because they have usb otg support.

where's my earbuds? I just bought and there's no ear buds in the box,I need the ear buds,send to me,I paid for that

I bought this cellphone as a gift for my boyfriend almost 2 months ago... I ask him about it to write this review and he's very pleased and happy with his gift.

I bought a first phone for me, and my father-in-law loved my phone, then I decided to buy one for him. Again, all things were perfect and I got the phone at the right place at the right price.Really satisfied with my purchase.

Excellent Phone, It's everything the seller says,  Works very well.  I have downloaded a few programs on it and it works perfectly.  I can even watch movies on it and everything is so clear.  I would highly recommend buying it. Also the price for what it is worth is perfect.

I love this phone, this is the second time I have had it. The first time I only had it for about a week or so and then I returned it (it was a white one and I wish I would have chosen the white one again, the blue one, which looks black, has a back cover more prone to finger prints and wipe prints maybe it's just that the color makes this more obvious but I don't like that) and I looked out there for another phone that was a big like I like, inexpensive compared to other phablets and also unlocked but my search brought me back to this one and I think I made the right decision. I am not into the technology side of it. If I can play games and text and call and go on the internet I don't care about anything else. The wifi signal is great, it automatically updated to android 4.2.2. (I do care about the android version, if you are thinking about upgrading DO NOT I have heard horror stories about phones being paper weights after android 4.4 and android 4.3 updates so I will be keeping it at android 4.3). I do not have service on the phone yet but since I have had the same phone in the past I am sure it will be great. Awesome 8mp back camera and I think the front one is 2mp or 1.3. I have used them both and pictures come out real clear. But again don't think it's going to take 13mp digital camera type pics, that's unrealistic. There is no lag when navigating but there is some lag on things like game start up or just whatever and because of all the stock programs that come with the phone and possibly the android update my phone went from 8gb down 3.2 (though it reads 2gb on the available space, when I go to app manager it says I have over 3 free) and not the 4 it was before when I had the other phone and it also received the android update, I don't know what's up with that. So you will probably still need a memory card which unfortunately will not help you if you have a lot of apps because you cannot store them on your memory card unfortunately. Also I used my first samsung galaxy grand i9082L on Metro PCS service which offers $40 unlimited plans with first 500mb at 4G speeds, I assumed that it would automatically go to 3G speeds but it was just 2G EDGE. I contacted AIO Wireless this time around and they said they offer unlimited 3G and it will never decrease in speed. I was only interested in 3G because I want to be able to be on the phone and use the data at the same time which AIO wireless claims I can do on this phone with 3G speeds. This has not been proven since I have not signed up for the company yet, when I know I will check it out. It takes a microsim card.

I purchased this phone for my husband, overseas in Egypt.  The seller delivered to me, exactly what I was promised and on time.  Unfortunately, my husband had purchased the same thing, at the same time, while in Egypt.  I was trying to surprise him so we could communicate and keep in touch while he was away.  I can say though that, the seller understood the situation and kindly allowed me to return the purchase, unopened, in the same condition that I received it.  I will use this seller in the future and if I ever need another phone, the Samsung Galaxy will be the one I choose!  Thanks

Very good! I really like it! It has a good processing, available memory and a good weight to carry with you. I approve it!

The Gran Duos is a wonderful gadget. I was suprised on its size at the first moment, but I've already gotten used to it. The screem is perfect for watching videos and reading e-mails. The system works very smoothy. I really do recomend the this cellphone.

I bought this phone for international use. I run a school in Tanzania, just popped in my sim card while in the USA.  I wasn't sure about the size, but I love it. Makes emails, sms and internet easy to see and use.I would recommend this phone, especially for the price!

I love this phone, but wifi calling is a must for me. Dual sim cards rocks but remember if you have Tmobile and have to have wifi calling then you cannot use this phone, the only bad thing for me. SO easy to combine 2 phones into 1.

I really love this phone. It has everything I can hope for in a smart phone. It has great battery life!

Light, fast. Camera is amazing... the bettery is really good. I believe this is the best dual sim in the market. I strong recomend to someone who wants to by a dual sim fhone. Fred

I have had this phone for about 8 months now and keep loving it daily. The only observation is that the phone reboots quite frequently . Outside that, it functions excellently with my Google account. Wonderful screen size as well for someone who does not have a tablet like me. I have used this phone in the US and in Africa and have not had course to regret buying an unlocked version of the phone.

Good cell phone for the money.Well made product, average processor, cameras are good, battery lasts a reasonable time, works very good,

Nice mobile with 4 g internal memory plus add any ext memBut less fast after time useBut good

Phone features are fine and performance is also good. but as per 8 megapix camera,  quality is not as expected. Picture is no as per 8 MP. The display is also not meeting the expectation.

I'm loving the device. Very fast and convenient the smartphone has amazing features. And it is still very beautiful, thin and light. Worth the money!!!!!!

I have no idea how other samsungs work and if there is a problem with the two sims.It just works perfectly for her. battery last a lot longer than the previous one.I would say it is a bit &#34;big&#34; but it is also an issue of getting used to it. today I see almost everybody with this size of mobile phones plus we have a samsung smart tv so the link between the devices is amazing...  I am very happy with the selection.The seller has been also very professional.

I really like the phone, but Samsung gives ZERO support for an "unlocked phone" none at all, they refer you to the seller.The quick start guide was not enough for me, and they (Samsung) would not talk to me about it at all. After being very pushy they finally provided links to the full manuals in both English and Spanish.hopefully my links will appear:[...][...]PS: see comment for links that did not appear aboveAfter using the phone for a few weeks I see that Wifi reception is difficult. Need a very strong signal.

This is a very good phone and affordable when i purchased it. Nice and portable for the pocket. Amazing phone.Thanks

The only problem i had is that the headset i received was damaged but other than it was a great buy

Got it for my brother and he loves using it as he can use dual Sim, so he does not need to use two separate phones.

Right out of the box, the phone was having major problems.  It would freeze up sometimes, or restart by itself sometimes even in the middle of a phone call.  I finally had to re-install a different version of Android which fixed the issue.  Then, after 5 months of very light use, the screen has gone bad in the center.  Even though the phone is only 5 months old, Samsung is refusing to honor the one-year warranty.  You can talk to a live person at Samsung support, but they just give you the run-around.

Great phone for home and business. Dual Sim allows you to use your personal Sim as well as a Work SIm at the same time. Android is great and the price is very affordable. With the system update installed you can now transfer your apps to your memory card instead of using up the device memory.

The product does not meet expectations, even when it is unlocked first factory data sheet according to amazon does not work properly in the band 1900, also had the back cover imperfections (scratches). Not what I expected.

Everything is easier with this phone and I can read my documents like a tablet. Very good choice and the price is regular.
