
It`s horrifying to be not able to remove the battery, also sim card is on the left side that can be easily removed by someone. My boy 2 year old boy just did it. Other than this it`s great with 2gb ram, memory card is fast, boots fast, because of performance it`s supported on many android mods. Recommend but consider first points before buying.

Fast, and smooth operation. Display is vibrant and sharp. Colors in my opinion are very accurate. All features of the phone work perfectly. There are no negatives that I can think of.  This phone requires a micro SIM card that fits into a slot on the side of the phone.  A micro SD card slot is next to it. A hinged cover conceals the two slots.

I have purchased this item and used it for one week. It is fast , I like the screen size and the phone is really fast. As it is mentioned in many reviews, the camera is not as good as similar phones. But I believe the phone totally worth price and much cheaper than its competitors. This version is unlocked att one and I need it for my straighttalk, so several annoying att apps were on it. You can  disable all of them but att address book and it bumps up every single time you want to use contacts. I struggled a lot with it for 2 days, finally I figured out that by rooting a phone (using simple free available programs to download on your PC) you have access to uninstall all undesired apps without loosing any data (you also need to install a managing app after rooting). Now I removed all the att apps and the phone is as I like it. Also you can specify several features to save battery life (visual instruction available on att site for this particular smartphone). I totally suggest this item to a friend (Till now I have not seen any problem).

First time Reviewer. Just got the Phone. It's in a great condition, Unlocked to work in Trinidad and Tobago so I'm happy for that. Only thing was that it didn't come with a headset but say wah. Got the phone and charging equipment which is most important. So I recommend this phone.

The phone is very versatile and fast, allowing realizaion by multiple tasks and good use of the android operating system, in addition to owning a stylish design and tamamno aparopiado to view videos and surfing the internet!I am very satisfied and very happy with my smartphone!I recommend it!

This is the kind of phone that I love. Has a good camera, processor, memory, screen. And is perfect if you are using European Bands (3G=900) like Digitel's ones, I haven't tested on 4G yet. Is a really good and relative cheap phone. The biggest problem is that is easy to get scratches on the screen

Buy a new phone which received damaged, never lit does not work, I think a lack of commitment and trust in the buyer receiving the purchase in good condition.

Nice product and it is fast. Waiting for offer to buy another one for my friend. Not yet experienced anything negative for the last 3 Months.

It is my second purchase of this telf LG optimus G E970 me to tasted very much the this tlf that he buys was of gift did not bring the memory of 16gb that brought the first telf that he buys I do not like me very much because of it I give 4 stars for being new the tlf but I do not give the 5 for not having the card microsd and the box is without safety binding

Yes, I bought for just 200$ and, yes, the best phone I can buy in this price. I install it cyanogenmod in the lasted version and now is faster than it was.100% Recommended

the phone did not come unlocked as the publication says and so I had to pay an extra cost to you will unlock

Recently purchased this phone here in Amazon and I have to say, the overall experience is very smooth. I love the build quality and glossy finish at the back of the phone cover. Although the camera quality is not at par with most Samsung and Sony phones but its not awful either. It's priced evenly and will suit those who would like day to day, classy phone.

Greatest smartphone for best price ! Very high performance, working smooth even when lots of applications are running and installed. Only photos and videos have bad quality when it's dark.

received item as expected. excepted it is not root. I hate the AT&T phone book popup when making any phone call. I had to root the phone and uninstall the AT&T phone book with 3rd party application.

This phone does not work on T-mobile's 4G LTE service. No speed higher that 0.05mps clocked while using this device.I do have 4G service in my area.  This phone was bought to replace a Samsung SII that I find distasteful and worthless device.  was excited to get this as I was a fan of LG devices, their ease of use and screen quality.However, nothing downloads from the network at the speeds offered by the connection on this phone.

This phone have 16gb in ROM, (11available) and include  sd card 16gb. Fast and slim. Perfect phone for the price.PRO: AllCons: Dont include hearphones..

excellent quality, excellent cell phone, I got exactly what I bought, very happy. Recommended. 5 stars because it is what I wanted. Very Good

its good, fast, and cheaper than its similars... i give it 4 out of 5 because ive had a hard time setting it up and managing the settings... to set up the data network, the guy from at&t had to be with tech support for over 30 mins had to create something on the net settings... and some of the notifications are just odd and cant find to change them... however ive only had it for a cupple of weeks and im new with android, hope to figure it out soon

Really very good for the price!!!It best way in this price category.With it i can run many games too

Excelent hardware but old android software. Had to root it to get a better software experience without LG features and some errors.

The phone is amazing, very good, works great with Movistar Venezuela with 4G LTE technology, the screen is very large with an excellent resolution

I really like the cellphone, I don't knew that the software were so adaptable to me. And the option to unlock the screen by facial recognition is AMAZING.

Thank you very much, the code imei send email to unlock the phone. - imei nr 013287002557427 Thanks for the support

Excellent phone, nothing to envy to its closest competitor the &#34;S3&#34;, quite fast, good capacity, something negative ... no removable battery or expandable memory, but his performance makes up for these faults. Do not be disappointed .../ Excelente telefono, nada que envidiarle a su competidor mas cercano el &#34;S3&#34;, bastante rapido, buena capacidad, algo negativo...no tiene bateria extraible ni memoria expandible, pero al final su rendimiento compensa esas faltas. No se arrepentiran...

I am not a kind of guy who usually write review for product, but I felt bad because i read reviews before buying any product, So I decided to write review for this phone. I bought this phone for around 200$, I have planned to buy Moto G but when i compared this phone with Moto G this one was better both spec wise and memory wise. I am happy that I bought this phone. I recommend buying this phone. The only thing I didn't like is its difficult to handle it with one hand, due to its size, it is pretty much same size as S4.

very proud with my phone... so far so good

I ordered A used optimus g from a seller on amazon named umoou.  I was skeptical at first, as the handset was used And had been rooting and was running on a custom version of Kitkat.  I also wondered about the speed of  shipping, because standard shipping was the only method available to choose from.  I contacted the seller and he told me he was shipping from New York,  and that set my mind at ease slightly since I was in Indiana, I thought it'd be a week or week and a half.  But those ideas I had in mind would disappear when I checked the tracking on the package two days later to find it was in my town and out for delivery!  Once I got the phone in my hands all of my fears were shown to be completely unfounded.  I found the phone to be in almost perfect condition, and although the seller had clearly stated in the description that what I was buying was the phone only, he is nice enough to include a 16 gigabyte Micro SD card and also a nice case for the phone. The custom version of Kit Kat also ran smoothly and was very cool. In conclusion this is a great handset, and I would not hesitate for a second to purchase an item from umoou again!

Pros:Its fast, but honeslty I dont use it for anything but calls4g is very fastCons:Bad battery lifeAwful camera, front and rear is horriblebreaks way to easy, it seems like its always brokenIt worked well when I first got it, after dropping it 1 foot onto a soft linoleum floor, the rear glass broke (not the screen, the back is also made of glass).  I bought a very good, thick case the next day.  Dropped it again walking home in the snow.  phone landed on a snow covered payment, screens digitizer was broken (touchscreen).Okay, well, normally a new digitizer is about $20, well this one the screen is attached and it is $129 for JUST THE PART.  replacing it takes about 2 hours.  It would be cheaper to buy a new phone each time you break the screen if you had to pay labor.Well, I got the screen fixed.  2 months later the microphone stops working!!  no reason why, it just stopped. the speaker phone works so I have to make all my calls with speaker phone.Well, the phone is 4 months old, warranty is void since it was opened, so forget it, I will never buy LG again.  My last LG  broke after 5 months.Coming from a Nokia N8, these new phones are not made correctly.  I literally, not figuratively, threw the N8 at the wall drunk one time, and it stuck in the drywall with no damage to the phone.  It was also dropped kick (on accident) across a road, and I even left it on the roof of my car and drove away.  I never broke that phone and it never had a case. It was indestructible.  LG makes phones that break so you keep buying them again and again and they keep the parts so expensive that its not worth fixing.I would recommend looking for a phone that has a cheaper screen replacement.  then if you break the screen, it wont be cheaper to buy a new phone each time and you can pay $40 for someone to fix your phone.

we solve our impasse. it was only a mistake. I hope you don't do it again with venezuelan buyers. Thank you.

is great, fast and powerful. This is my second smartphone. My first experience was with smartphone samsung galaxy ace 2 was not a bad experience but does not compare with this lg optimus g

This is a great phone.  Excellent build quality!But beware! you can't use the 4G LTE since this phone does not support 4G LTE service in North America.

You send me a cellphone with at&t network lock, when I purshased an unlock cell phone. This Item traveled to venezuela, and now it can not be use over there. Thanks a lot. pay attention more often to your orders.

this is pretty damn good phone. I like the size and quality and price and etc.however simcard doesn't fit well. maybe it's simcard problem though. but beside that everything is good

Prompt delivery and excellent support after the sale! Vender has solid knowledge of product and was able to assist me when I had difficulty getting my phone online.

This product us excellent. It's compact powerfull equipment. Until this moment, i've proved this cell phone and its result me genius ...!!!

You lie to me the phone isn't unlocked i want my money back, now the phone is permanently locked and I can't do anything with it

After years and years of using Iphones, I decided it was time to give an Android a shot. While I wanted a Galaxy (they are a great choice), they were a bit out of my price range, and with my upgrade AT&T was willing to give me on of these for $100. All those features, for that cheap? A quad core processor, pretty decent camera, gorilla glass screen, kevlar construction, and all those cool Droid features and programability? I couldn't resist, I thought I'd gotten the phone steal of the century, and after spending about a week learning how to navigate through the droid software, I thought it was too good to be true. Turns out, it was. This thing's reliability is absolutely abysmal. Within a month it began shutting itself down randomly, and would often refuse to turn back on for several hours. This problem eventually passed, and I thought the woes were behind me. NOPE. For the next few months it had repeated hiccups, frequently quitting out of apps spontaneously, changing wallpapers on its own, making emergency phone calls at random (no joke), and other things. And then, right about 7 months after I got it, things got really bad. It started completely crashing whenever I used the internet browser, and would shut down for a solid half hour or so, then turn back on, only to flash white, produce all sorts of odd patterns on the screen, and crash again. And now it does this repeatedly, several times a day. So basically I only have a functioning phone half the time. This device is an absolute disaster. I mean the features are great, outstanding even, and when it works it's quite cool to be honest (all of my friends wanted to mess around with my "space machine" when it was new). But that's the problem. It DOESN'T work. Honestly just stick to an Iphone or a Galaxy. All these no name Droids are no named for a reason, their reliability is a nightmare. What a headache. Perhaps I got a dud, but from what I've read a lot of people have been having problems with the Optimus G. Go for something else, save yourself the agony. While it isn't as capable or customizable, at least an Iphone works.

It's very resistant and confortable to hold.It has a fast processor and a great memory.A+ by far my favourite phone so far...

I received the Lg phone, which has included headphones, which is a very negative detail since it acquired for $ 300 at the time.truth disappointed with this detail must now acquire a headset or headphones. I'll be testing the equipment to give them information about the performance.

This device came updated will the newest OS. This device came with a usb charging kit--a new one. I was a little sad that there was no memory unit for this device in the box--although mine came with a 16 micro sd, class 6. The phone was reset when I loaded it up--i put my sims card in and it loaded half of my data from my old phone. The battery came depleted--shame on them.I works, no cracked screen, it came dirty--shame on them.

Wow! What a great phone. I have an LG Optimus G Pro locked to ATT that I use in the US. I needed a replacement for my awful Galaxy SIII for international travel. The SIII had a terrible camera. The photos were washed out whenever there was indirect sunlight. The SIII screen would lock up regularly, particularly just when trying to take a quick photo shot. So the SIII had to go. It was stolen in Colombia. So that put me in the market for a replacement. I love the LG Optimus G Pro. But it's still locked in contract and is really too big to be packed around the world. The Optimus G is just right. It's a nice size that fits easily in a belt case. The G is just as smooth and fast as the G Pro. The WiFi is strong and connects easily. Battery life is very good. I regularly get two days between charges under heavy use with the G. It will last about a week if just sitting on standby while I use the G Pro. The G audio is very good. I listen to both an extensive music collection and audio books on the G. For international travel in which I will be regularly trading SIM cards I like that the SIM slot on the G is accessible behind a cover on the side of the phone. You never take the back off the phone. It's easy to swap both SIM cards and MicroSD cards. The back of the phone is glass and quite slippery. It needs a protective case. I've got a hard case on mine which makes one handed use easy.I picked up my used G that is like new for a very good price. The latest news is that Kit Kat is coming to the G. It works fine on Jelly Bean. But it's nice to know it will get the latest operating system. I'm very happy with this phone. Some phones don't age well. The Optimus G was released in late 2012. It's a great phone that is still cutting edge in both hardware and software. I'll have this one for a long time.

I bought a International Unlocked Cellphone, but when switch on the cellphone, this appear like a locked Cellphone (Net Blocked, please insert a correct SIM), Please I need help with this problem...

Hello! I am from Venezuela, I received the phone two weeks ago due to heavy delays with the company transfers, I have problems with coverage, I thought it was the phone company and change and still present the problem, call me and the phone appears as despite this off on and when I call and attend the call is dropped, refer to the telephone companies and I mentioned it was the phone problem. But later both receive the phone and I get no options habialitado to contact the seller ... Is there any way to report my problem to you help me? ...thanks

I have had two of these phones now because the speaker quit working on the first after about 3 months.  This is the worst phone I have ever owned (this review is independent of the speaker breaking because 1 issue could be bad luck with that phone.)  Sound quality is ok at best, picture quality is good, touch screen works when it wants to and sometimes registers nothing when tapped and other times registers 3-4 taps for every one touch.  The battery is ok not that great and if you are actually using this &#34;blazing fast&#34; quadcore you better have it plugged in.  I will never buy another LG product because this phone was so awful and it was supposed to be a &#34;flagship&#34; phone.  Huge disappointment, buyer beware there are many other phones out there and most of them are better than this garbage.

The phone is not unlocked or with other language options, only English, Mandarin and German. The camera is not as good as my Samsung Galaxy S2. The only pro is price. I'd not recommend buying this phone.

the model delivered was not offered, i was request LG Optimus  E975 and i wasreceived the LG Optimus G F180L E973

the phone is good 1 is fairly light 2 Your screen is sharp pictures Pictures are perfect 4 3sus his presentation of the phone is very nice elegant 4nucleos May their work well, bad cell phone one language to Venezuela Spanish does not change your settings does not have to change

Bought a used phone from seller and it had very minor scuff marks on the back of the phone. Flashed it to the nightly Cyanogen Mod 11 rom and works great.Phone was almost double on ebay.Great phone for Straight Talk ATT or T-Mobile micro sim card from Walmart will work.

These guys claimed it would work with T-mobile but for some reason I could not get LTE and tried calling LG and T mobile to try and fix the problem but nothing worked. Ended up returning the phone and getting a different one.

great phone. fast and easy to use. used it for 3 weeks now and it works flawless. thanks ppl for a great device

This phone is great! It is my second smartphone and i love it. I have the HTC Evo 3D from virgin mobile and this phone is absolutely amazing. It is very responsive, fast, and the screen looks really clear. Overall a great phone, 10/10 for me.The seller(Cell-Source) sent me the phone as described, Brand new AT&T; unlocked and it works with Net10's 4G network, I tried it with my brother's SIM card. I had seen a lot of reviews on here saying that the 4G did not work in the US, so I did a little research and found out that there is 3 models of this phone. There is the E970(AT&T; version) and there is the LS970(Sprint Version) and i believe there is also an E975(International Version). So, for those of you who are giving this phone a low review because the 4G does not work in the US, make sure you have the unlocked AT&T; version and not the International Version(E975). The E970(AT&T;) has a MicroSD card slot up to 64Gb, 16Gb ROM and it comes with a 16Gb MicroSD card for a total of 32Gb but you can use about 25Gb more or less in total, which I think is enough for everyone. Before you buy, you can always contact the seller and ask to make sure you are getting what you want/need that way you do not spend your money. I would not be able to tell you if the AT&T; version (E970) would work anywhere else in the world, the best thing to do would be to research really good before you buy it. Another way to tell the E970(AT&T; version) apart from the Sprint(LS970) and International version(E975) is by the camera. Both the Sprint and International version have a 13MP camera and does NOT have a MicroSD card slot, they just have a 32Gb ROM (memory for storage). AT&T; decided to go with the 8MP camera instead of 13MP but added the MicroSD card slot, which is much better in my opinion. Other than that I believe the phones have the same specs.Specifications:-Quad-core 1.5GHz Processor-Adreno 320 GPU(for Graphics)-2Gb RAM-8MP Camera, 1.3MP front Facing camera-Android 4.1.2(came installed already)-MicroSD card slot up to 64Gb, 16Gb MicroSD card included.-Micro SIM-2G, 3G, and 4G(Where available, check your desired carrier)-4.7" True HD IPS+ Display(very nice and clear!)-Gorilla Glass 2-2100 mAh battery(non-removeable)I think this is everything for right now, I will try and update as time goes by. If you guys have any questions feel free to ask I will try and reply ASAP. Thank you for taking your time to read this, it only helps you anyway :pALL SPECIFICATIONS INFORMATION WAS TAKEN FROM gsmarena dot comUPDATE: I've had this phone for about 2 or 3 weeks and it is working great! the battery has a good life with light to moderate use. I am writing this on my phone, the last time I charged it was Saturday night and it still has 30% battery life left. I made a couple of phone calls, text messages, some social networks,picture messaging, and web browsing.one thing that I had an issue with as the messaging app. for some weird reason, my messaging app got deleted and just disappeared. I had to do a factory reset to get it back. good thing is that I had installed an app that backed up my apps, but not data because my phone is not rooted. But overall the phone is working great, if you're looking for a case with not much bulk look for the diztronic matte black case.

LG has always made a quality phones.  This phone is no different and their hardware is top of the line.  Feel and look is of a high end phone and specs are all top notch.  Phone is really fast and I was able to buy brand new on sale for $186.  For that price it beat all other phones for similar specs.  Only thing I don't like about LG phones is that they really don't care about upgrading your firmware after they sell the phone, which is a shame because their phones are really capable of great things.  For the same price this phone would be a much better choice than Motorola Moto G or even Blu Life Pure Mini (I own both).

still dont have my phone or money back its been since vday. how do i get authorities involved? thank you

I've had this phone for NINE MONTHS, and it works like a dream.  It has replaced my tablet for emailing, reading (sometimes), to do lists/ reminders, watch shows and movies during down time, and accessing social media.  The G is very fast, and has frozen less than 5 times since I bought it.  It does everything I can think of to do a phone, and it does all those things very well.  It's replaced my alarm clock, GPS console, digital camera, flashlight, tablet, kindle, etc.Typing this, I realize that we're very close to marriage.  Weirdly enough, I did this on my laptop.

I reluctantly traded in my Droid Razr when I had to switch carriers. That phone was built out of aluminum. This phone is cheap plastic and glass. The glass back spiderweb-cracked in a hundred directions the first day I bought it, just by being flexed in my pocket. Do not try to use this phone without a hard case. The phone is fast and works good, but the plastic casing is CHEAP as they come.

I have shopped, online and in the store at each of the three carrier and finally decided to purchased this unlocked phone and stayed with my carrier rather than switching...sometimes you can't tell by the image until you have the touch and feel of the device in your hand...and i am here to tell you...if you are looking for screen that is bigger than an iPhone (i had that) and smaller than a Note - look no more...this is your phone...but that's just the physical trait...the processor speed on this thing is phenomenon and the clarity....and the battery life...I have it on for almost 24 hours now...and i still have at least 30% left (but probably because i havent been able to get my data to work yet)...it uses a micro SIM (not included) and the unlocked code (included). I am currently having trouble accessing my tmobile data on this phone but i am sure that's user's error than the device....so if you are still searching...stop...this is the phone for you...not too big of a screen an not too small that you need magnifying glasses to see...

The jump has been great, starting because Android has all the applications and for having in this world (that's what actually matters). The phone is very fast to download and upload files due to its 4G LTE 900Mhz and 2100Mhz, its 32GB of internal storage is more than enough to download endless apps and place all the music you want (not to mention bring disadvantage microSD memory port for it is absurd). The HD resolution True HD IPS LCD screen is pretty good although I prefer my special Super AMOLED screens because I am a born player, in this case the phone plays best natural tones (to view photos or videos) but it is not suitable screen to play. The size, thickness and design is among the best. Speaking of speed, 4-core processor with 2GB of RAM make excelentemete his work (I have not had setbacks with many applications open at the same time, with all that, if I have a 500MB of free RAM). I only thing I miss in this phone is a dedicated camera button and what I can talk bad is precisely the quality of it, despite having a camera sensor 13Mpx leaves much to be desired, not bad, but could be better (I've had camera phones 8Mpx best). In conslusion, for the price. . . this phone is the best deal out there in the market, is the phone with the best performance / value....

The phone itself is great, i love this phone. I won't bore you with the details of the performance i will just leave it at the fact that this is a very fast phone. However, the back of this phone has a sheet of glass on it that I broke by setting it down on black top that was apparently to hot, the back just completely spider webbed. my friend who i convinced into buying this phone shattered the back by sliding it on a tile floor to someone to show them a picture. This really doesn't affect the phone its just an eye sore that can get in the way of the camera as well.

i'm very glag with this buy, love my mf cell phone, it is the best, and it had android os, really i think every one most buy this lg

I am of the people who do not like paying Porun both cell phone and I like to find out who will give me more for my money. The LG Optimus G is the phone that met this requirement. Good hardware, good software, good communication, good design, and above all, great price.

Wow It is great! It is so fast, work perfectly. In Venezuela you need configure the internet acces point or go to your prefered operator . If you have Movistar in Venezuela you can configure the internet: Go to (ajustes, redes y conexiones,redes m&oacute;viles, Nombres de puntos de acceso: Nombre movistar WAP  APN wap.movistar.ve  Proxy 200.35.64.73  Puerto 9001  MCC 734  MNC 04  Tipo de APN default). With movistar work perfectly. Quad-core amazing and 2Gb RAM  made this phone better than phone of 500$. This I received is E970, there are people that buy the E975 and it have a different camera of 13 Mp without expandible memory. E970 has a camera of 8 Mp and expandible memory. The meaning point is that sometimes you need to configure the APN in order to enjoy internet, if you doesn't do the APN configuration you will think that the phone doesn't work 3G. I recommend you see other phone that works with your prefered operator and copy the APN information and your phone, will work perfectly in 3G or 4G.

Its a brand new phone with high configuration, in generic packaging. Includes 16GB microSD card & updated firmware to Jelly Bean 4.1.2 :-). What more you need!!!? & I paid $187 for it (on 29 Jan, 2014). BUT, I received this phone today (10th Feb)!!! Shipping was terrible. It supposed to be delivered on 6th Feb, but... :-|. I was very angry!!! but when I opened the box... wow! it was an awesome experience!!! I definitely recommend this phone!!!Edit (24 Feb, 2014): Still flawless performance after 24 days of power usage. You just can not ask anything more on 'performance' department. I could not utilize 2GB RAM, it is more than enough. Quad core CPU is super fast. I see many users complaining about battery life. Well 2100mAH is not enough for a android device like Optimus G to run 24 hours on moderate use. However, you can get that much of battery life by turning on 'Eco Mode' from setting menu. And about camera performance, it is doing pretty well. Images are fairly sharp enough, though the front facing camera is not that sharp. But you have to consider its price. In this price, this phone is the best phone ever!!! I still, highly recommend this phone.

This is an excellent phone, great quality and pretty snappy. I've owned two HTC phones in the past and I'm surprised to find that I like this one better. Bought it used but came in original packaging with car charger, wall charger, cable and manual. I think I got a pretty sweet deal.

Really good phone, Only one problem, dosent came whit adaptor like other cell phones I bought.The smartphone is beutifull and fast.

I like everything about the phone it's self,but the battery life could be better. I have to charge it at least once a day. There are NO good cases for this model to protect it . There are cheap cases.

it is so good telephone .the model of telephone is perfect .secondly it has got 13 mp camera (avaible panorama ) long battery.supper graphics .every thing is good by lg .Thanks (:

Did not specify that it was for a specific carrier, so I could not activate it because it was an AT&T phone.  I have a Sprint plan.

did not have a chance to try it out may be if it work i could a gave a better reveiw

In all respects it is nearly perfect!!Cost me 189 dollars and compared to the motorola G this is far superior.. The only problem I saw him was at times heated.Only hot when playing GTA San Andreas.But overall I really like this model, it is better than the other, which has memory slot makes it very good phone.

excellent phone meets all my requirements in addition to their specifications are excellent value for money compared in order is the best option I saw at the time of purchase.

i love it so much its a powerful phone with quad core and 2g ram and play all new game on android

I recommend it.is excellent, the best cell phone I've had.is very fast and the pictures are sharp.I love it.

my uncle recive the phone.. as he said it was in good conditions even it reach to him before time we expect... but unfortunately it got burned with the complete apartment of the uncle the next day before even i see it or touch it.. any way i am at the point to buy the next one again.

She tells me that this phone was the best birthday gift that have received in a long time. It is very fast and applications run very well. Great phone!

The phone worked just as described. It was easy to hook up, brand new, and got here in a timely manner. It was a gift and the person loved it!

Got only Edge in 4G area. T-Mobile tech support tried to get it to work in different settings, could not. Edge only! Beautiful phone but according to LG for India market!!!

Telephone is Awsome! E970It is not full Optimus G (E975/987)It is a bit less cute(without gorilla glass cover, without silver details, little.bigger), and little less.camera,  but is really great mobile.

I am reviewing the seller because of his lack of info, not the cell phone. The problem here is that this model only operates with this frequencies:850/ 900/ 1800/ 1900/ 2100/ 2600 (phone box says, indeed, this phone is designed to work on all european countries )You must contact your service provider and ask for the frequencies they use, otherwise you could have something like a Ducati running at 10 k/h.I had to subscribe to another provider in order to use the 3G speed. Please make sure the frequencies above works with your provider.

Great phone at a great price, International version my language: italian was not present on the phone but  just changing firmware everything will be solved . I saved like 290 dollars buying from this seller.

Met my expectations!

AT&T; LTE Internet/Data not working on this phone. I took the phone to the AT&T; store and they did all what they could do but no luck. Call/WiFi working good, but data does not.What are the other compatible carriers this phone may work? OR what are the APN settings for the ATT LTE go phone sim card

Good product at good price.Unlocked, powerful, 2G RAM, bright and 4G are the prosRing speaker sound is dramatically reduced if the phone is on a table since speaker is located at the back, it's the only con so far.

Pros: Fast LTE, decent display, Looks great, and fast processorCons: NO standard group text like iphone or samsung, screen froze 2-3x (turn off all animation and it hasn't happen again), good price

This isn't what a wanted!! They send me a LG-E973 from Canada!!!! Not International like E975... They aren't to trust!

This is one of the best phones i have used.Phone`s good and Life`s good .$$$$$$$$$$$n&#8364;&#8364;&#8364;&#8364;&#8364;&#8364;&#8364;&#8364;&#8364;&#8364;&#8364;&#8364;&#8364;&#8364;&#8364;&#8364;&#8364;&#8364;&#8364;&#8364;&#8364; n &#8377;&#8377;&#8377;&#8377;&#8377;&#8377;&#8377;&#8377;&#8377;&#8377;&#8377;&#8377;&#8377;&#8377;&#8377;&#8377;&#8377;&#8377;&#8377;&#8377;&#8377; Phone arrived on time and in good condition

Excellent phone  fast, good responsive and features, 4 stars cause can be better in  shape and weigth but es good for the price

The LG gives you the best Android has for a lower more reasonable price than the leading other companies.A nice phone with  anice design. good built in apps and options.

After a month it arrived, the screen get black and it stop worked, try to contact and dont let me returnet it, dont buy it

Excellent... thanks

This is my first smart phone and my first experience with Android, although I have long experience with Linux systems. This is a very good, mostly-unlocked phone. As other people wrote, it is similar to LG Nexus 4 (but $100 cheaper and has 4G) but less powerful than LG Nexus 5 (which is similar to G2 but is twice more expensive than E970). I considered many smart phones, but the ones in my price range were this and Motorola Moto G. E970 was $20 more expensive but far more powerful than Moto G. My voice/data plan is a non-ATT discount company that uses the ATT network. After I installed the SIM card, it took a while for the tech support to activate it and even more to connect it to the 4G/LTE data network. They had to text me two patches to install to make it work (it was very easy: each text message had an Install button). Now it works flawlessly but I haven't done any speed test yet. Overall, the phone has an extremely fast CPU (4-core 1.5Ghz), sufficient RAM (2GB), plenty of SD space (32GB with the bonus SD card), excellent WiFi, good camera (8Mpixels), excellent bright display, and excellent battery.Now the bad news: it's intended mostly for an ATT plan. Of course the phone hardware can work with any provider; it's the preinstalled Android that has locked some apps and services. To be more specific, first, it comes preloaded with many ATT apps. This is fine since you can stop them and disable them from Settings/General/Application. But there is one that you cannot disable: My AT&T.; When you do Call/My Contacts to call a person from your contacts, it tries to connect to your ATT account to synchronize your contacts. At that point, you need to push Back to stop it and go to your contact list. It's not very important but annoying since you always have to push Back every time you make a call or text. I tried to fix this by deselecting &#34;Auto-sync data&#34; in Settings/General/Accounts&sync; but many times (always when I restart the phone), I get the same problem. The only solution to this is to &#34;root&#34; your phone and uninstall the ATT apps. But the most annoying thing is that ATT (as well as most US mobile providers) has locked tethering by software. Tethering is used when there is no WiFi and you want to connect other devices to your data network through your phone. It is illegal in other countries for a data provider to lock tethering, but here in US, they can do this by soft-locking your phone and sell you a special data plan to unlock it. This is very greedy: it's like your home internet provider charge you extra if you connect a router at home to connect other PCs. So in US, you need to call your provider to unlock tethering, and they will text you a special patch specific to your SIM card.How to root your phone: Rooting means that you get a complete control of your phone, similar to the root account in Linux or Administrator account in Windows. Is it legal? of course it is. It's like asking: is it legal to work on Windows using an Administrator account? It's your phone and you payed a full price. If your phone manufacture voids the warranty because of that, you should report it to forums so that nobody buys its phones. Also you can always unroot. Note though, as root you may do destructive things to your phone and even &#34;brick&#34; it, which is extremely difficult to restore (unlike Windows). Also, you may do things that void your data plan (such as unlocking tethering); so read your plan contract carefully. How to root: read the first guide in forum.xda-developers DOT com/optimus-g-att. How to uninstall locked apps: use the app &#34;ES File Explorer File Manager&#34; with Root Explorer ON.How to unlock tethering: DON'T. If you are in US, ask your mobile provider. If you are outside US and you are sure your provider allows it, then root your phone and unlock tethering (search: &#34;e970 tether sqlite&#34;).

Excellent phone once you root it and uninstall all AT&T; crap!!!! (of course if you will not use it in AT&T; network)... Otherwise the ROM of at&t; will make you life miserable... For example each time you open your contacts, it opens the "AT&T; Address book" instead your normal android address book. You need to tap back button each time to go to android address book.... this is really annoying!! and of course this can't be uninstalled unless you root the phone and use a third party uninstaller.Other fatal issue I found in this phone is that is impossible to enable the wifi hotspot, Wifi tethering. (Of course in different networks that AT&T;)... I tried to enable tethering fuction in normal way (settings>tethering & networks>Mobile Hotspot), and with several apps for this purpose (almost 15) and  was absolutly impossible in each and all these ways... Also I tried with several carriers (diffent sims), and the same problem...Thats all so far. Sorry for my english!

Is a good celular and mark. It have all i need for comunicator whith the others peoples.its is the beater&iacute;a celular of word.

IT IS WORKING IN ECUADOR 4G.. THE BEST THAT I HAD. 1 QUESTION.. HOW CAN I DELETE ATT APPLICANTIONS?? I CANT USE THEM IN ECUADOR.BEST REGARDS.

Phone is brand new, unlocked ,2GB Ram and 32gb memory,camera 13mp,made in korean I love it,But battery is short.Cheap and better than Samsung Galaxy S III/S3 GT-I9300.Thank you

I like as it work so the scream is broken and you said only scratches but it working very well

i bought this pahone and didnt realize that its an overseas model that will work well in asia or europe but just not here....the us model of this phone is the optimus g ls970 made by sprint or the optimus g e970 made by at&t.  this phone will not work on a data network in the U.S.A.  if you live in the usa do not buy this phone.

Amazingly Good!Pros:- It has Micro SD card Slot (16GB internal and external)- 1.5ghz Quad-core Snapdragon processor- NFC Tap (I tried it with  nexus 7 2013)- Descent HD Video Playback- 3D graphics sometimes aren't fast enough (but It depends)- 8MP Camera (1080p HD Video Camcorder)- True HD Display (almost same like Nexus 7 2013)- 2GB Ram (yes sir, this guy runs smooth because of this)Cons:- Battery Life is short (if you didn't enable ECO Mode)- some apps eating a lot of RAM like Facebook- 4G in some countries won't work.- if you have a Mini-sim, you'll be needing some measuring and cutting to fit in for this phone.This phone is great, but if you aren't sure to buy it with its good price, you can search for anotherphone that you can compare with this one. I would like to recommend it to a friend if he/shecannot afford another smartphone.

Had problems with the international Courier, but at last I have it. So far so good, the phone is fast, very fast, too bad that I have to wait for AT&T to approve the kitkat update for this phone meanwhile the international version already have it.The loudspeaker is not very loud but good enough. Also bought a case and a screen protector because I've Heard that the phone's glass is not very strong. No overheating problems, and the seller (Big Apple Cellular) even gave me a hands free headset that the phone doesn't include in the box. For the Price is an excellent phone with a quad-core processor, 2GB of ram and a 16GB microSD included.

First of all in the Bahamas and i can only catch the edge system right now but hope in the near future that system would get fix. The phone came on time actually before the expected time and it was in best condition.It came with Android JB 4.1 straight out of the box (currently upgrading to 4.2.2). The features are amazing and Samsung Galaxy S 3/4 users are blown away with the Q-Slide and Video zoom features. it is clearly better than the S3 and is giving the S4 a good run (LG G2 is out to handle the S4 tho so don't worry). The sleek design is a great fit in my hand and it is light weight. I love the camera i compared it with my g/f's S3 and in most cases the Optimus G was better (despite the internet reviews) really pleased about the phone, the only down side i had is that LG Socia+ does not come on the phone how it did with the LG Prada 3.0 and i cant find a download for it. But all in all its a great buy and with a $399.00 tag price LG/Amazon are pratically robbing themselves.

This phone it's perfect for everyone! Works great in Venezuela.Pros and Cons between LG Optimus G E970 vs Motorola Moto GPros:RAM: 2GB vs 1GBCPU: 1500MHz quad-core vs 1200mhz quad-coreCamera: 8mp vs 5mpRED: 4G LTE vs 3G + HSPA +Internal Memory: ROM 16gb vs 16gb (13GB user accessible)MicroSD: max 64gb vs not supportCons:1 - The Motorola Moto G to be Google, has the latest OS updates (just like a nexus), while having the LG Optimus G touches us wait for the manufacturer to release the update.

Pros: nice screen when it works, big screen-Cons: battery life, non-replaceable battery, poor sound, no keyboard or optical mouse, clumsy interface, no stock flashlight app--  Had this phone 2 weeks and hating it. Previous phone was an HTC Desire..this was&#34;Supposed&#34; to be an upgrade. This was a regrettable impulse buy. Bbuy was sellingit for a buck plus a 200 buck gift cert with contract. Now I'm locked in for 2yrs with a barely useable phone.-  First off, poor poor battery life. Poor poor sound volume...you can barely hearanything with a phone cover on it which renders the phone useless.-  Phone apparently requires a minimum 1000mA  charger or it takes 40 hoursto charge!  Most micro usb chargers are 500mA. So don't think that you can useyour old charger..maybe you can ,maybe you can't ...unless you don't mindwaiting.-  Once fully charged I am getting less than a day of use with very minimalusage. Maybe 1hr talk and 20 minutes of data usage..if that.  Worse than that...even when putting it in airplane mode while I am working and only using it on breaks...the battery still discharges. I have only 3 appsinstalled and have disabled background data usage on all of them. Today I tried shutting it off completely between breaks and that seemed to help. But that is ridiculous.-  I could easily solve the battery problem with a battery upgrade...* NO.. I can't!......In their infinite LACK of wisdom, LG saw fit to duplicate the iPhone'sstupidity in using a built-in NON-replaceable battery! I didn't even see thatcoming...who thinks to ask about that when they buy a phone??-  In addition to that, the screen has started to go blank on occasion. Then Ican't tell if the phone is on or off. Ordinarily you would remove the battery soyou KNOW your phone is off and then start the reboot process from scratch. Youcan't do that because the battery is not removable. It's a sad joke. No wonderthey were selling this for a buck!-  Sound is pitiful. Speaker phone is virtually useless. If I didn't have togive the Bbuy $200 buck gift card back which I already spent...I'd return it today.THAT's  how they get you!-  After using my friends Motorola I swore I would never buy another phone withouta keyboard...but I thought with the larger screen I would be able to navigate thetouch screen keyboard better...NOPE. Some of us big fingered clumsy people justneed to have a tactile, analog keyboard that folds out like the Motorola (which Iwould recommend much more highly than this phone).-  Camera quality is not up to par with its claimed 8MP capability. I find theinterface much more clumsy than my previous HTC which allowed you to turn theflash on and off from the screen without using menus.-  The HTC flashlight app which came with my old phone was much simpler anduseful than all the other apps I have found on gplay.-  I don't know if its an AT&T; mod or just Android 4.0, but when looking atpictures it doesn't seem to bring up your latest pic, you have to scroll to lookfor it. its just weird. The HTC was a much more intuitive interface altogether.-  I also preferred the weather and clock widgets and the 5 main screens of the HTC Desire (versus 3). Don't know if that is an android version difference or AT&T;'s piddling.--  Bottom Line:  Beware phones bearing $200 gifts!

is a great phone at a low price they recommend in Venezuela only serves 3g and 4g for digitel no for movistar

i did not recive the phone i bouht, i bouht a lg optimus g e975 and i recive a lg optimus g e973, so it does not work in my country

Excellent! Love it! It was a very good choice! It has many functions! I love it!  I recommend it! Very comfortable!

good,

So far so good, any change on my oppinion will be posted here.

I knew that this was a retired model before I bought it. However, the newer version is bigger and that is not what I wanted. This phone is almost too big as it is. It runs great and resolved issues that I had with my older LG Thrill 3D phone.That said.Pros: Quad-core with 2gb of Ram.8gb built in storage with SD card slot. (SD slot not available on the international and T-Mobile versions)Screen is large and responsive.Call quality is goodBluetooth connectivity is excellent.Cons: really nothing other than size. A little too large.Discontinued model... too bad since it works well and is smaller than the replacementunable to easily access the battery. This is mostly ok with me.One important note. I did not see where the description of this phone says it uses a micro sim card. Standard sim cards can be cut down to fit in this phone however.

It's not a good phone to buy it gets really hot and the battery life is just for half day and u have to charge it again.

Great phone! Works perfectly with 3G from Movistar in Venezuela.The pictures with flash come out too bright, like iPhone pictures. And the phone locks itself while on a call, so later it's difficult to hang; but that might be some setting I haven't figured out yet.

The product arrived on time, the shipping very wellthe phone worked well early but then had a flaw in the screen turns itself offI guess the problem is from the factory, because the product looked brand new

Great phone for a great price. Nice display,  but the camera is somewhat disappointing. Perfect size and a case is recommended, since you don't want to break the glass panel on the back

The article is what I expected okay, I agree with the purchase and I'm still looking good phone since I just got

good afternoon, sorry, I want to know if the package is new tel ..I ask for the images, it appears again!

I've used this phone for 2 weeks and I'm in love with it... I'm using this phone with Movistar in Venezuela and it works really smooth... for me this phone is an option to the Samsung Galaxy S3, this phone was like 100$ cheaper than the S3 when I bought it, so it was a really good deal for me.

The phone is excellent.The article buy it again and I have to say, is very good compared to the price, it works perfectly. With relation to the seller is an excellent service provider, the cell will get me sooner than I had envisaged, the truth is that it is very good and if I could give more than 5 stars is the daria no problem, I love to do business with responsible persons and above all they do not play with the time of others. THANK YOU and Success ...

I never saw a cell phone like this, too fast with a lot of apps running background and maintaining a good state of memory.

It's very nice, is good, but did not come unlocked or with other language options, only English, Mandarin and German. The camera is great. It's a bit expensive, is light.
