
S&oacute; senti falta de poder associar um determinado contato a um dos 2 SIMs, para que ao ligar para o mesmo ele j&aacute; utilizasse o SIM pre-selecionado.

- The phone stopped working within two weeks of being shipped.- I went on the Amazon site, filled the return form and sent them the phone by Courrier- Wireless Experts responded on May 14, stating that they received it and whether I would like a replacement- I responded the same day saying that I had bought another phone because I couldn't wait and wanted a refund- Wireless Experts responded still the same day (May 14) saying that they would refund.- Wireless Experts CONFIRMED THAT THEY SUBMITTED A RETURN on May 17- On June 8, I received the phone back by mail (the same, not even fixed) and no refund.- I wrote immediately back to Wireless Experts asking for next steps- On June 10, Wireless Experts responded that they sent it to Samsung and since it worked, they sent it back to me (However, the phone DOES NOT work)- On June 11, I reconfirmed to Wireless Experts in an email thata) it didn't work,b) they had told me that they would refund it, andc) what were the next steps. Since then,I have had no news from the vendor (Wireless Experts).

Instead of getting the phone I ordered, I got the one SIM card model. I had to ask for a refund, send it back and then but another one.

This is a first day report. I'm a Samsung fan (ever since Apple decided to pick on them). I have two other Samsung phones so the this one feels familiar. Dual SIM's and unlocked phones are the future. This one is the high end of dual sim phones. Plenty fast and the screen is fine. It is not to of the line for size and resolution, but those phones don't have a dual SIM feature. If you carry two phones, you should try a Duos, you won't go back.

very good phone, is excellent, smooth wine, excellent product, very good tablet, no doubt, is the recomeindo 100%, do not hesitate to buy. Samsung is excellent

Unit sometimes will charge battery on and off after two weeks of use.... then completely ceased to charge battery. Without charged  battery, unit is useless. Unfortunately, I'm out of the country within the 30 day return period and could not send it back to Amazon. Amazon please advise where to send it for repair.

I just received my package and everything is intact. Everything works fine. The only problem is i thought it was a little smaller (like S3). But so far, the phone is not bad for a dual Sim. Trying to get used to the phone as this is my first Samasung phone.

I Like this phone but I barely have signal. I wish it was 4g instead. Takes good pictures but the battery dies to fast even if you dim it to the lowest point.

I kept expecting something to be wrong with the phone because it's so much cheaper than the Galaxy S3. This is truly an unlocked dual sim smart phone. I don't know why it isn't sold in the US. The system for using two sims works great. There are options for calling or assigning one sim to use when calling certain contacts. It's designed so that you use data on just one sim unless you physically switch their positions but that's all I wanted anyway.It is not pure android of course and has some Samsung apps you probably don't care about.It doesn't say in the description but this phone isn't manufactured for the US market. I don't think there is much of a market for dual sims as there is in other countries. The one I received was a Brazilian version which worked great for me cause that's where I was going to use it. Just don't call Samsung support in the US if you have a problem. I can live with that.So if you travel and want to keep your sim for people (or work) to still be able to call you put that sim in the second slot and then buy a sim wherever you travel to that supports data and calling in that country. Paying international rates for data roaming is for suckers.

Before purchasing this phone, I had the Galaxy Note that was rather bulky and heavy, yet I still wanted a 5 inch screen, but one a sleeker and lighter weight and newer phone. Since I am a true techie, I researched this phone for all specs as soon as it was released on several websites.  My goal in this review is to help in your buying decision one way or the other regarding this phone.PROS:- SIZE AND WEIGHT: Perfect size considering the fact that it has the 5 inch screen. It fits easily into my smallest purse. And I purchased a leather vertical case that clips to my waistband so I take it with me to the gym to listen to my music or radio when I work out. Because the phone is so light, I carry it easily on my jeans with the pouch/case that I purchased for the phone.- STANDARD SIZED SIM CARD:  Good to know as I did not have to cut my Sim card, I just placed it into the phone and it read my carrier plan and I did not have to set up the APN settings for Internet and MMS as the setup did this for me automatically). This is good to know if you want to use your regular Sim card and not have to deal with settings yourself. What a great feature.- Screen Resolution - For me personally, I find the resolution GOOD to VERY GOOD, however, it is not as good as say an S4 or S3, but good. However, I have a way to make the screen look GREAT and CLEARER on the home page. What I did is installed the free app ZEDGE and choose a wallpaper that has a dark blue background. The picture I choose has a deep blue sky and mountain in it and the home screen is STUNNING and the white letters on the icons really stand out. And I will say that the screen detail is clear and easy to read and webpages are just stunning on this phone!- Phone call clarity etc. - No matter what my location using this phone for phone calls the clarity of calls is loud and clear whether on the phone's speaker, headset etc. I even had to turn down the volume quite a lot as the calls come in so well.- WiFi/3G (Internet): Connects to any WiFi I have tried very quickly and easily and if I am fairly close to the router, the signal strength is excellent. However, when I am a long distance from the router, the signal goes down, however, I still get WiFi and go on the Internet just fine. When not near a WiFi hotspot, I use AT&T; for data and easily get 3G and I have gotten 3G+ (there is no 4G in my area). The data is very fast, almost as fast as my home WiFi is.- Overall speed, performance, smoothness, picture quality of the screen--very fast and peppy. And I found a way to SAVE on both memory and on battery. What I did was to go into Apps/ Manage Apps and DISABLED the apps I don't use. Without rooting the phone, you cannot uninstall pre-installed factory apps, but you can disable them. Disabling the ones you don't use makes the phone run faster and frees more memory! Since I am a techie, I know which ones to disable and which ones not to disable, so if in doubt, please ask me in the comments and I will be glad to assist you in this.- BATTERY LIFE: This phone has given me the BEST battery life of ANY smartphone or that I ever owned. And I use 100% brightness. For me, even at 100 brightness, if I use WiFi or Data just when I need it and then turn it off, I get all day into the night on one single charge! (I charge nightly and the phone is at 100% ready to go the next morning).- EXTERNAL SLOT FOR MICRO SD CARD (UP TO 64GB SD CARD) - This helped to sell me on this phone as I can add my personal music, photos, videos and more to this phone!And I placed a 32g in mine for music, files etc. *Keep in mind where External SD cards are concerned: They are JUST for your personal files: music, videos, photos, and other files. When you install apps from Playstore or other sources, they store either in INTERNAL Memory Card or sometimes in the phone area (most store in the INTERNAL SD AREA). This is the law of the land where Android is concerned and ALL newer Android devices (including Samsung) work this way when storing your downloaded apps are concerned.- INTERNAL STORAGE SPACE:This phone is advertised at 8GB of Internal space. The 8GB is the space BEFORE the drive was formatted, OS installed and then factory apps installed. So what I had on the phone BEFORE I installed any apps it had 4 GB left. This is how it is on any flash drive, SD card, Hard Drive as formatting alone takes up space.Also, since 3.0 Android and above, you cannot save any apps to your personal SD card. Instead the apps are installed one way or the other to the INTERNAL SPACE. However, the good thing is that your personal files as photos, music, videos, and more can be installed to your EXTERNAL SD Card so you do have that space for yourself.**I have a few apps I downloaded from the Playstore, but no games so I still have about 4.08 GB left on my phone for more apps later should I wish to install them.- Reading/Creating/Editing Word, Excel, Text Files and much more on this tablet: I downloaded a FREE APP called Kingsoft Office which I use for Office files (it reads, edits and creates Office files). And it also reads PDF eBooks so there is no need to download a separate PDF Reader app. *This is a MUST have if you have to read PDF or Word Docs etc, my docs are crisp and clear using this app.- CAMERA - The 8MP takes excellent pictures. So I took both indoor and outdoor pictures and even video. Well, I was pleasantly surprised how clear the pictures are. When I printed out some close up and other shots, I was really happy with the detailing in the pictures. Turns out to be a pretty good camera.- Bluetooth Speed and Performance - The Bluetooth paired quickly with several devices and copied files at a great rate of speed.CONS:- WiFi could be a little stronger, yet it connects quickly and I have never been without WiFi as it never failed me. Close to a router it gets 5 bars and very strong signal. When I am far away, one bar. So performed a test using my Tab 3 8.0 and Tab 2 10.1: Of course these gave me stronger signals because these devices are WiFi only and have probably a larger WiFi receiver inside. So I compared it to my S3 Mini and the signal was close, yet the S3 mini did have a little bit stronger signal.- Adobe Flash is not supported in this phone or ANY ANDROID DEVICE after 4.0 OS. The only way to get flash is to get a archived flash and use a high end browser such as Puffin or Maxthon Browser. So downloading the older archived flash gives the ability to view SOME internet videos, but this is better than no flash at all. Keep in mind this is a problem with ALL brands of Android devices with 4.0 OS and higher it is just after 4.0 Android came out, the NEW and best flash is NOT supported for Android devices. It is what it is...Also, there is a newer Archived Flash out. So ask me in the comments if you need instructions and I will send them to you.- Very small instruction "manual" provided with the phone, however, I went to the Samsung site and downloaded the full manual and saved it in PDF on my laptop for reading anytime I need it. If you want the link for the manual, let you know in the comments and I will give it to you.- This phone will NOT accept an OTG (On the go) USB plug for flash drives, mice, etc. This was not a problem for me, I just plug in the USB Cable to copy files to the phone. So no big deal as I use Dropbox to download my photos and files and it is fast and easy.-- International Phone so NO US WARRANTY. Not a problem for me because I have learned over time that if a device is going to fail, it usually does it within the first 30 days. This phone has been great--no problems at all!-- No NFC except on the model of phone. I do not use NFC so I have no problem with that.Bottom line:  Actual stars I rate this phone is 4.5 took off .5 stars because of the WiFi signal not as strong as my little S3 Mini or my Samsung Tablets. Would I buy this phone all over again? Yes I certainly would because for the money, I believe this is the best deal out there dollar for dollar. Will this phone be a good choice for you? Yes, if you do not expect every bell and whistle feature from this phone like the S3 or S4 models and also you want just the most important features and don't want to spend twice this amount for a fancier phone, then I totally recommend this phone!Hope this review has assisted you and thank you for reading it. Please feel free to ask me any questions in the comment area and I will answer all questions in a very timely manner.

Excelente producto. Gracias.

the cost was very high, I had to spend additional $ for protective hard cover & touch screen film. I expected them to be part of the package

i just bought this phone and i am in love with it ,perfect software ,big screen ,perfect battery ,the play store is amazing full of games you should have one

the phone has a fault with the touch screen on the right side does not work and I'm annoyed by sell me a damaged phone

I got this phone to replace my HTC ONE that fell into water. This phone has a much better camera, and bigger screen...for like $400 less. I live in the USA and use this unlocked phone on Tmobile. I had to order a micro sim converter for the standard sim in this phone. Overall a gorgeous piece of technology for a reasonable price.

I ordered this for a family member.  It has a nice build quality to it in my opinion. I have the note 2 so I am comparing it to that build.  It did arrive a little loose in the box.  I think they should have packed it tighter.  Also I am a power user and I don't see the pixels everyone complains about.  The display is fine for normal use

after a week the phone died, i took it to a local repair store and they, in my presence check it and discovered that the battery wasn't the right for this phone. it was of course damaged to the point of not charging any more. so it took me a new battery to keep it working.

This is the phone that could have been but was not!Firstly, anyone spending this kind of money on this phone is a person who wants a decent-to-great android which MUST have dual sim capability. On the good hand, it's super 'smart' to have the phone tech which allows sim 1 to fwd calls to sim 2 when sim 2 is engaged. On the other hand, however, it's super common sense to be able to go to your contacts menu/app and select a contact from your list and then select which sim card you want to call from. This phone does not allow this which makes the duos super stupid!. The only time you can choose which sim card to call from is when you go to the dial pad so you either have to know the person's number by memory or, if appears, have the person's name listed as the last call. How lame! Anyone out there who knows if and how to solve this please enlighten me. Thanks!UPDATE 1. I have since discovered that if you select a contact from your whatsapp contact list and go to 'Contact info' and dial the phone number from there you will get the option to choose which sim you want to make the call from. Still too roundabout to me.UPDATE 2. I have now discovered that when you go to dialpad/keypad, you can use the keypad to find the contact you want by name. When the name appears you select it then you can call from whichever sim card you want. This significantly irradiates my initial complaint. This discovery, however, still doesn't help me when on some idle days I just want to be able scroll down my contact list wondering who I want to talk to.UPDATE 3. Although there is no option to choose between sims when making calls from the call log or contact list I have now discovered that after you select the contact from either the call log or contact list you can simply pull down the Notifications page and from there choose which sim can you want to make the call from. Note, however, that doing so affects which sim is the default sim for making calls. I must still say I didn't have all this beating-around-the-bush with my BLU 5.3. With the BLU you always had call option prompting regardless of where you make the call from.Secondly, there's no notification light which is another basic must-have. Many folks can't have their phone on ring because of work and other professional or social settings. The notification light lets you know there is a message/missed call on your phone that you need to attend to. With no such notification, once you're on vibrate or away from your phone for a short bit you have to keep pressing on the screen to check if you missed anything. This makes you more of a slave to the phone and surely drains battery life at a faster rate.UPDATE: For anyone wondering, although this phone says '3G' you can connect to a '4G' network with it in the Caribbean where I am. I won't be able to speak to the US.UPDATE: I am not sure my Smart Stay isn't working. How is it supposed to work anyway?

I have had this phone for a couple of week and it works great. I graduated from the galaxy y duos, so the use of the android format came easy. This phone is like an oversized S3Pros&#8226; Large screen, this allows all your shortcut icons to be placed easily on one home screen.&#8226; Pictures taken are beautiful&#8226; Front and rear cameras&#8226; Easy access for accessories eg. Cases, windscreen holders , etc.&#8226; Dual sim function is easy and seamless to use&#8226; The phone has a mind of its own when adding or updating contacts, it searches you emails and phone contacts to find related persons&#8226; Downloading is a breeze with  lots of free appsCons&#8226; I am still trying to move my text messages stored on my last android phone to this one. I almost believe that it cannot be done.I would recommend this phone , I have not had any problems since acquiring this phone device.

This telephone stopped 5 times in the first 2 hours of use, trying to return it, got an automated answer on my  e-mail that my request for return could not be delivered to recipient. Amazon should NOT SELL SUCH GARBAGE. This was an expensive phone, I planned to take it to S. America, thankful I tried it here. Second Samsung, first was also a lemon.Very disappointed in Samsung and upset at Amazon for not checking their vendors.judith

This is my first Android. Upgraded from Nokia E72.Received my Samsung Galaxy Grand and after few days playing with it, I realized, this is not &#34;i9082L&#34; model, not &#34;i9082&#34;.It is not clear how many Galaxy Grand Phones on market. Some specs says Quad Core + NFC.- No NFC (3-pin battery connector. NFC phones have 4-pin NFC battery)I tried Galaxy S3 NFC Battery. Battery size is compatible, but no luck.- Dual Core CPU vs. Quad-Core on many reviews. Google &#34;galaxy grand quad core&#34;- No notification light. Annoying after E72.Galaxy S3 has color Notification Light.Most reviews will say it has notification light and point to 2 small dots near speaker but these 2 dots a proximity and light sensors.- I have not tested the USB Host function to connect USB keyboard. Possible Grand does not support OTG.- No HDMA.Huge screen, but low resolution. Noticeable pixels.Tons of smart functions. Makes myself feel dumb :)Messed all my contacts synced with Outlook / Exchange and my old Nokia and Skype. I ended up with 5 contacts with same name and some totally unrelated  contacts were joined.Took me whole weekend to cleanup my contacts.This is not a negative review. Overall, I like the phone. Just want to point you to some issues I have found so far.Installed &#34;Google Goggles&#34; and it integrated with the phone camera and scared me.It send every photo you take and send you back ads from google related to the object you took the photo of in about 1 second!Voice Type:My main language is Russian and it recognizes anything I says and ever if I sign a song very fast and mumble! :)I will update my review later.feel free for questions.

Phone is too good to be true. I loved how quick it came. Luckily I took 2yrs of Spanish in order to change it to English. Also got a  case from Easygoby 2 in 1 case/wallet.

I got this phone for a friend in India, however upon opening it, we discovered it was not unlocked. We had to pay extra to unlock the phone for use in India.

It's the best. It is a very practical and nice phone. I liked it. It has many uses and works very well in my country.

The phone is behaving cranky, the photos and videos taken on the previous day got deleted the next day automatically. Few of my friends got the same from other retailers and they never has problems.i very much regret for getting the phone online, I presented the phone to my cousin,she loved it initially and when we found this problem we were terribly sad.it also hangs on lot of occasions while using simple apps.totally my recommendation is don't buy it

The best choice price-benefits. A great modest phone. The only defects that i can find ia the media player as every samsung device got to be powered

Ordered this phone from Surge Telecom. Really was depending on it for a trip to Mexico. The phone started rebooting every 2 minutes rendering it useless. Not sure if this phone was made by Samsung or China. Whatever I am sending it back requesting a refund. I still have my IPAD2 which has been solid performer for yrs now. Very disappointed.

I have been using it for over about a month. I am satisfied with it. Low price, high benefits. Good.

i bought it because you noticed this phone is  8Gbwhen i check it after 35 days i found that the phone is 4Gb as any normal mobile here in my country ...so i dont like this situation

It has only 4 GB, but not 8 GB as it is described.Provide proper info!!!The phone itself is good.

I finally get whatsapp download on my phone, thanks to a friend my mine now I am so happy with my phone.

The phone is nice but the contacts section is limited when compared to the things a bb allows you to store. Still getting use to other features of the phone.

The  phone seems to be agood bargain if u ate not intrested in spending money on high end phones.....its got large screen..ideal for watching movies...ocassionally shuts down when the network connection is lost....dont know whats the problem..

This was my first Samsung purchase,I really love this product !really simple but very good ! really user friendly,I don't need anyother software to transfer my files ,no need any ID or credit card ! I love this phone.

Great phone!!! For $300 is the best I could get.It runs ok, battery last 1 day, camera is HD and take great photos. Its a little bit slow, but It cost half price than the best smartphone.Big displayReally cheap for what u getReally happy, it exceeded my expectations.Buy it!

Works great, very comfortable to switch between SIM cards, great solution to anyone who needs 2 phone lines at hand at all time and the best thing is that it's from Samsung and not some cheap unknown brand.Has all the specs of Galaxy 2 just a bit less memory, to bad that Samsung don't make a dual SIM phone with the specs of galaxy 3 or 4, that would be the perfect phone.

It has everything I need. It uses 2 standard size sim cards. I can have two numbers (personal and business) in one phone. I can text and switch easily between several languages. I love it that I can also change font size. The screen is nice and big. Battery charge lasts long. It is unlocked, I used it in Europe and Asia and didn't have any problems.

Excellent product!! Lovei t!! Works fine with two sims, better than galaxy s duos. Im shure I'll be using it for more than two yearos. Cameras definition is great

It work great with the Degicel chipIt also took great picturesSo many people wanted to buy it from me.

Exiting!! Its a good smartphone... white celphone it amazing, Nice delievered and good product but its too big for my hand.

this phone feels heavy and large it was really bigger then my expectations but the looks are very eye catching i dont leave this out of my sight at all ......................the screen resolution is satisfactory to me dual sim feature was a must and u can move between the 2 easily also it is fast and open web pages quick enough, sound could be better it does hang once here and there but overall its a keeper lovely phone

So far so good. Got this as a gift to my wife and she's happy. This phone's just about perfect for her.

The phone is nice. I really love it. Its working perfectly and adds value to my status. Samsung tried. cheers!

I really like the phone.. years using blackberry then i got this galaxy and i'm bananas over this phone. for the use i gave him its just perfect for me the only thing that i need is more storage. I still miss the notification light but i get used it to not have it.

My cellphone only got 4Gb memory!!! I thout I'd bought a 8Gb phone.. but I couldn't return it 'cause I'm Brazillian and there wouldn't be time to change it,

its a great phone. love the ui features that runs on the phone jellybean platform. only problem is the low resoulution screen. the battery is okay. it a last one day if not heavy use. I have no problem setting up data on the phone. then again nice phone the price.

the wifi system seems reflact slow when I get in to my office building, I have to close the wifi and open it again to use wifi. The speed seems a little slow, the battery can only use one day.

I have owned this phone since December 2013, my wife got it for me before it was easily available in US, it is the 19082L model. I have been very happy with the phone, one of the first thing anyone purchasing this phone should do is get the largest battery they can find. I was ably to get a 4100ma battery solving the biggest complaint (maybe the only complaint) this phone has. I would like to change to the 19082 model since I dont travel outdide the US and I have heard the 19082 is dome what better in US than the 19082L. Can anyone confirm this? All in all the Galaxy Grand DUOS has proven to be a very reliable phone with more apps and capability than I could ever use. After 8 months of use,  I have found no problems, the phone is fast, reliable and multi tasks without hesitation, the voice recognition and talk to text makes very few mistakes (in english) I dont know how well the speech functions in other languages but many are included. Great phone, great price, I have been very pleased by Galaxy Grand DUOS dual sim smart phone. Must own phone.

I don't have any complains about seller.I received it in time and in good condition.This is to manufacturer:1) You may hear the speaker unclear when you are having a conversation in a crowded place. The sound gets kind of silent. I checked different connection providers, and the issue is with the phone.2) Apps are not easy to install unless you do some research online.3) I charge battery every day. It does not last for too long.4) Too many menus, and they cannot be deleted.5) Too many preinstalled unneccessary apps that cannot be deleted. For example, I never play games so I would delete them with pleasure, but I cannot...The rest is OK.I rate 3 because for this price the above-mentioned should not exist.

This cell phone has all I wanted for a good price. Processor is not bad, The major problem was tyhe color. I ordered a white one and received a blue one. I did not like it at all. I won't return it coz I don't live in the USA. Well, I can live with that.

All other features work (I hope) but the calls don't. Phone rings and can call other phones but the mic and all the speakers are broken. It's like being always on mute. So disappointed coz we bought this phone new so that we will have no problems. Turns out we got a big problem after all.

well after I finally decided to upgrade from my HTC Inspire to this phone. I was excited, it worked for the first day, then I decided to put on the vonage it just kept freezing and shutting down so had to reset or take the battery out. the camera was not what I expected. My HTC tells this phone stand aside ,only advantage is the dual sim. Happy I returned to sender .back to my HTC

I was tired of walking around with 2 phones! This phone was bigger than I expected but I have adjusted because it is fit for purpose.

i thought memory is 8 gb. but it is only 4gb. thats a good wat to cheat people. except that others ok.

I received a 9082L model, which does not have the right frequencies for AT&T; data.The 'L' models are for Latin America.  A friend borrowed the phone and went to Mexico and was satisfied, but here, in US, the phone was just a dumb cell phone.

I love this phone and have wrote another review about the blue version of this phone so I will not get very detailed. Top10Cell did a great job sending me this phone, but the second phone was obviously used. Amazon gave me a partial refund but I received no word back from Top10Cell in about a week and probably won't and all I was asking for was an explanation of the phone's conditioned when I bought it at new prices and also for them to extend their 14 day return window for 30 days because I wouldn't activate the phone until the return window passed and if it had defects they wouldn't be known until such time and I received no apology or return email or anything. The partial refund was expediently processed and Amazon was eager to help. Lesson: amazon is great, this phone is great and if buying from this seller: do not order one day shipping (which could have been the reason, seeing as this particular purchase was two-day shipping and was received in brand new condition) and just be aware that you may not be able to have support for your product. Also FOR U.S. PEOPLE ONLY: IF YOU ARE BUYING THIS PHONE KNOW THAT ON METRO PCS 2G COVERAGE IS AVAILABLE ONLY, AND THE MULTITASKING FEATURE OF BEING ABLE TO USE THE PHONE AND USE THE DATA AT THE SAME TIME IS NOT AVAILABLE UNLESS IT IS ON 3G NETWORK. OPT FOR AIO WIRELESS WHICH USES AT&T NETWORK, THEY OFFER 3G AND CLAIM THAT THIS MULTITASKING FEATURE IS AVAILABLE. I AM SWITCHING TO THEM BUT HAVE NOT YET SO AM UNSURE OF WHETHER THEY ARE TELLING THE TRUTH, HOPEFULLY I CAN UPDATE.

This phone freezes a lot! When i try to do something it exits what im doing. Sometimes i dont even see that i received text messages because it glitches. Im really unhappy especially after paying so much money :(

so simple but very good, i recomend this smartphone! quality is very good. So Bealtifull and clean, easy to use.

Good mobile,despite many bad comments,for me very functions excellent like a little table. Really a smart phone, is easy to handle

I'm happy of this product because it works as well  in the US as in Africa and the two sim cards features are wonderful. It lacks unfortunately explicit instructions to start using it. The battery also goes down every 24 hours. Apart from this, a good product to have.

I did a exchange from Iphone to Galaxy Gran Duos. But the system is slow and the battery life if very poor. I am very disappointed with Galaxy and Samsung.

it is a good cellphone. low price and high quality. i like it very much. you don't need a contract.

This samsung phone is excellent.People those who are looking for dual sim they can buy this phone.This has got jelly bean 4.1.2.I have seen many people have given comment that when they install more app into the samsung phone its gets stuck  this is happening because you have to clear the ram.To do that you have to go to settings&#60;Application manager&#60;running,you can close the unwanted app that is running in the background.I suggest if you are looking for samsung dual sim you can buy this phone.

The Dual sim allows me to have two sim cards running at the same time. I am using Data sim on 1 and phone only on sim 2.The dual core processor makes the phone very smooth and the generous RAM allows me to download a huge amount of apps. I am very satisfied with the performance of the phone, especially the reception and speed of the datalink. My previous Android phone has slow datalink whereas the Samsung one has good reception and fast datalink. Samsung is a reliable brand and they use good components for their phones.The only downside is that I am unable to choose SIM 2 when placing the call from the contact app.

This cell phone is somewhere in between a Samsumg s3 and s4 and pretty advanced that I am still finding features everyday. This is a good buy.

It is a great phone but it is not intended for the US market for it is not registered with the local network. It is made in India and good only for other countries but not in USA.

After just eight month, the smartphone &#34;die&#34;.I can't turn on the Grand Duos.It isn't work more and I don't know what happened.The smartphone was goog until this happen.I'm so disappointed!

very nice smartphone with huge screen and good camera. Autonomy is as others, around one day & android works as usual.

From browsing internet to reading text messages, the large screen is just perfect. My wife loves it. No more waiting to use the laptop again; this phone is just a mobile gadget to meet personal life style

Definitely a well made Samsung product. The phone has the feel and finish of a great cell phone including an excellent image. The only possible complaint would be the amount of usabe memory.

excelente gracias

It works great in Venezuela! I have movistar and has an excellent network with this phone ... Fast delivery. The phone has a perfect size. good screen, great features... buy it!

The mobile is perfect. I recommend it. It is also good to by the protective cover with this mobile to save the touch screen
