
is an excellent phone, it has nothing to envy to the Galaxy or iphone. I am very happy with the

This is a unique Operating system, like no other,  Blackberry did a good job With this BB 10 and also with the Z10. Keep you moving is for real. Is also the only Secure OS that encrypt you Email, BBM Chats and other like you Video Call from BBM. I like so much the Blackberry Hub it manage all your notification ( email, bbm, twitter,Whatapps,facebook, text message,pin withuot opening each aplication separately, the web browser is fast, BBM chat is better Now and with BBM video and Share Screen is amazing. The Flow: YOu can swicht up to 8 open Windows at tghe same time without having to go back like andorid or Iphone, by the way apple is going to copy that funtion from blackberry you will see at September 10 when they launch the New apple OS 7.I Bought Two blackberry Z10 and Im so happy with it ! I recommended it.

I've been using this phone for approximately 3 weeks, and so far, I'm extremely happy I opted (at the last minute) to choose this over the Droid platform (which I am also a big fan of).The phone itself is slim, solid, and slick.  The back has a nice grippy battery cover, which feels great in the hand (I found the S3/S4 to be way too slippery and drop friendly with the polished, curved back).  The edges are a bit squared off, allowing a good hold, however on the front top and bottom, it flares off a bit, allowing a very nice ergonomic feel when typing.  The hardware specs are up there with the best of the current phones, save for hte newest quad core S4 (which was rated very closely), however under heavy load and multiple tasks, the machine didn't break a sweat.  The screen is a higher resolution/inch and contrast than the newest iPhone, and competes with the newest top of the line droids.  I watch hockey in HD streaming on it, and it's fantastic, fast and crisp, with super contrast.The accessible battery is great for backups, as under heavy load, it's hard to get through a full day.  Moderate to light load makes a full day between charges no problem.  For travelers, the ability to have a spare battery charged seems like a bonus.  Sim and expandable mSD are located easily behind the cover as well.  Also, the phone has an HDMI port, and other standard power/headphone access.The blackberry OS has broken new ground in a number of ways, primarily with a very slick and user friendly gesture (swipe) based navigation that allows good one handed use for everything but typing more than a quick text message.  All messages are easily found with a simple swipe to the right, "uncovering" the hub, which is always just a simple peek below whatever else you're doing.  It took half a day to master, and I now can't figure out how I lived without it, with all my messages in different places.  It's brilliant.The browser is fast and conveniently laid out, and features the ability to force full websites (which is fantastic for when you're in 4G or WiFi, as the phone runs the Web very nicely given ts screen and processing hardware.The keyboard is the best touch keyboard on the market.  Even with the dreaded word suggestion feature (assuming you leave it on), it actually corrects most mistakes without you even knowing you made them by having it embedded in the space key.  I turned the feature off last week, and realized how much it was helping me (which was embarrassing!).App support for very app heavy users is the only weakness.  I'm not huge on instagram and the more advanced apps, so I'm not heavily impacted by this.  Additionally, the blackberry allows the ability to load android apps (side-load) which makes almost the entire android market available for the z10.  So far, I've had all the apps I needed available including many popular ones everyone knows (news papers, games, sports, etc.)Buy with confidence.  Blackberry has made a great piece of hard and software here.

Happy to have bought it. Wish I did earlier and people keep asking me about it because it is awesome.

Item arrived on time and on the conditions advertised.Had a factory defect but it seems it is a BB malfunction and not the retailers fault.Blackberry support forums: &#34;When your phone is muted, play a music file (no sound i know), remove the back cover, and press your fingers below the battery (dont know the exact place, in the middle above the speaker), and the sound returns, MAGIC.Well it seems to be either a harware issue or a cover issue.&#34;

A well crafted phone for the blackberry or non blackberry lovers. Manages to retain the feel of true next gen phones....

When i first got this phone it worked well, picture quality was not as expected but tolerable. After 2 weeks, the phone stopped charging the battery and even after changing the battery it still didnt come on. As this is an international unlocked version, there is no warranty. I bought this to take abroad with me to be able to keep in touch 2ith family and friends via the bbm now the whole point is defeated and i am suck with the phone. Very unhappy about this purchase indeed! Anyone with any possible solutions??

I bought this phone as a gift for my husband. He really loves it so far. He's happy so I'm happy.

So I used to have a BB Torch and then went over to a Motorola Atrix and really loved both, but this is far better than either of them. My issues with this phone has really nothing to do with the actually phone but the lack of apps for the phone itself. That being said I doubt anyone will dislike the phone once you get used to it. For professional life it's perfect and for personal life its adequate.

Camera with bad quality, no necessary soft and no possibility to install it, it is empty, hard to setup phone in first start.

Excellent phone, received on time, super fast, enough memory for all aplications, the internet connection is super stable, the battery last long for games recommended

The phone was advertised as an international version, unlocked cell phone. However, when the phone arrived it was not unlocked. Subsequent email to the supplier resulted in a prompt response. Now I am enjoying my phone and I love it but I love the excellent customer service more. I will shop with them again

Carried this abroad, no problems with the local networks there, I did not know it used a micro sim though, got myself a sim cutter at Amazon and that did the trick, The phone is fantastic.

great product.  thank you.

The phone is working good. But it doesn't have Android software on it. Even that, its a good phone. And I like it

The smartphone good as i expected. It is a good deal between the price and the quality. It a good present.

This is simply an all around awesome phone. BlackBerry is severely underrated for their quality.Pros:-BlackBerry Hub - Awesome for simplifying your life-Smooth architecture and fluid OS (Newest OS update)-Ability to sideload Android apps on BlackBerry Z10 ([...]) explains how to do so-Construction is much more durable than my iPhone 5s-Best keyboard I have used on a touchscreen device-Best browser I have used on a mobile device-Timeshift photo-Can play Flash-Encryption-PriceCons:-Not as many apps as iPhone-Screen isn't as vibrant as iPhone/Android (But really difficult to noticed)-No FaceTime-No HDR camera setting-Slightly heavier than the iPhone5s (Without case)

Blackberry does not get enough credit but this is one of the best smart phones on the market. The keyboard is the best in the smart phone world right now love this phone go bb

I have been using the Z10 for a month in UK. The phone is amazing. People carping about plastic case don't know what they are talking about. The chassis is solid stainless steel with black or white finish. I proved this wth a magnet. The BB10 QNX O/S is rock stable. No crashes so far. The browser is awesome. The keyboard is great too. As well as native apps, the phone also contains an Android run time environment which will be upgraded to the latest Android Jellybean version in due course. I can sideload android gingerbread apps at the moment like Kindle. Thousands of android apps have been ported to the phone already and many thousands more natively coded apps are available. This is unprecedented for such a new O/S. Screen resolution is amongst the best on the market. A common inbox(hub) for all incoming social and email comms is a great feature. GPS, Accelerometer and electronic compass work fine as does NFC. I have NFC tags stuck on my laptop to ring frequent numbers or instantly pull up key apps like the calendar. You can plug the phone into a TV or monitor hdmi port and connect a bluetooth keyboard and mouse. The phone will then outperform many laptops especially as it can handle MS Office files (Word, Excel, Powerpoint)and .pdf out of the box. Most phone functions can also be voice controlled.Battery life is adequate but needs managing like turning off wifi and NFC if not being used and religiously charging each night. No Netflix app yet or Banking apps like Pingit but hopefully they will come. Be aware also that Amazon don't currently support MP3 downloads directly to the phone. Hope they fix that soon. My biggest concern is the leather Blackberry pouch I bought which features the sleep magnet. The phone is a very tight fit and I max out the volume control when I pull out the phone. I guess I can live with that. A recommended buy.

Not what I expected. They sent me a version that did not correspond with the description. A cell phone badly technologically. Not recommended at all.

Tried this many times but the problem is there are very few good Apps for this blackberry new operating system, Most Apps are google apps emulated softwares design primarily for android so future updates and performance is an issue. Developers has anemic support for this new Blackberry operating system so I don't see future development of popular apps for this smartphone, I don't see any reason to spend so much money for a smartphone like BB10 if only you will use it for text messaging, voice and few apps. Some functionality are also buggy (With bugs), battery is not good enough to last if you browse a lot. Maybe be if they lower the price below $100 as compare to other smartphone with the same feature as this I may consider, I think paying more than $600 dollars for this phone is a waste of monies . Buyer beware cause this operating system may not last just like other new smartphone operating system without application developers support. Companies are starting pilot testing to convert from Blackberry to Iphone and Android smartphone so I think it is better to invest in the future and learn new technologies than stick with this new operating system that don't have support of major developers and popular tech companies like Microsoft, Netflix, facebook, google etc. Take note that if you buy this smartphone facebook, Netflix and other popular apps is not supporting and developing apps for this smartphone so you may regret spending a whooping $600 plus for smartphone like this.Buyer specially current user of blackberry should also realize that this new blackberry is totally different from the old blackberry phone they have before, this one has new operating system, functionality and features, so effort in learning how to use this is similar to learning how to use the much popular smartphone like iphone, android and even windows phone. Iphone, android and even windows are tested and with strong big hi-tech company support and application developers support, so why not spend your effort in learning popular and tested smartphone instead of spending so much money for this new blackberry smartphone that I for sure will be gone in the future. Without developers and big hi tech company support this new blackberry operating system will be gone in next couple of years.I hate it when consumers are being reap off, if you buy this phone for close to $700 including taxes what you get is a phone good for texting, browsing the internet and emails, very few popular apps are available for this phone yes they have 100,000 apps but most of the popular one are android apps, if the underlying android apps where updated user of this phone will have problem using them unless they manually upgrades. If you buy apple, android and windows phone after two years you can sell them and get some money back or you can even trade them to get new phone, this blackberry phone, theres nothing you can do with this phone after two years it maybe gone and there is not enough senior citizen to buy this phone in the future. I believe buying this phone is a bad investment in terms of money and technological knowledge.

nice device. nice logic. You can download some Android apps. Good display. Some problems with speakers. To solve them. you have to press the machine!!! unbilievable.

Blackberry revolutionized my life 7 years ago with the blackberry curve. I was really excite to see what blackberry had up their sleeves with the z10.Unfortunately I am  extremely disappointed after 8 days of playing with the device.Cons:1. Applications keep crashing.2. Random freezes as I navigate the phone. I pull the battery out few times a day to reset it.3. Lack of apps. Apps you take for-granted are not there. Pandora, Gmail, Maps, Spotify ..etc4. UI is unpolished. Icons are look a little outdated. Not sure why Blackberry did not invest into5. The plastic makes the phone cheap looking.6. General feeling is that phone is unpolished and rushed to market.7. Battery life is so-so -Pro:1. Navigation and gestures are interesting. Blackberry did a good job predicting hand movements.2. Unification of all messages in one place3. The camera features are pretty cool.Overall:This thing does not come close to more refined OS's out there like the Androids and Apple IphonesIt has a long way to go in its evolution of bug-fixes, apps and featuresI will be returning my z10, even with the 15% restocking fee I will end up paying.

I purchased an unlocked phone yet I was sent a locked phone.  I a now face with the situation of having to pay to have the phone unlocked.  I am recommending that as a matter of urgency I be refunded the money to have the phone unlocked or I be given a code to unlock the phone.

Love my BB. It works great and he got it for a great price too. It's  unlocked so I can use it with whatever GSM provider that I like.

I bought 2 BB Z10 about 1 month ago and with the exception of some minors hardware glitch. The functionalities are great. Skype app is not compatible with BB Z10 even though BB is promoting their compatibility. When I down loaded Skype app it prevented BB Z10 camera from working. However, I must admit the phone is great for business usage.

Best phone yet.... I notice my time on it is a fraction of the time everything is fast and easy to use. Takes a day to get use to the gestures but we'll worth it. I notice there is negative reviews but is hard to believe them because the statement don't even sound accurate to the phone. This is a nice fresh phone it will be around for a long time.

It's a mess. With only five months and did not work. They report having technical problems and can not be repaired. Would not recommend.

Bought it for $612 in Mid of May This Year (2013) and now very surprised to see the Price go down to $408 with the same Seller for the same exact Phone!!! I should have bought an Unlocked iPhone5 for this price from Apple directly, atleast they dont drop the prices so drastically.

THE CELL PHONE CAME WITH BUTTON ON/OFF DAMAGE

Best phone I ever had! A refresh from the mundane and now antiquated Android and iOS. This phone is reliable, fast and most important secure. Everything you need!

This phone has a great feel, build quality and screen... however, the OS is confusing and the touch screen is just not responsive or sensitive enough for my taste... Blackberry needs to hire some smart and wise developers who are logical and freedom oriented, so they can reflect refinement, simplicity, effectiveness and genius in their OS.  After all, an OS is just as good as the minds of the developers you hire.

the Z10 is not for everybody, just like any other phone. There is no one phone to fit everyone's personal needs but if you are a very social, active and extremely productive person, the Z10 has struct gold!!the features of the Z10 can be found anywhere so I wont go into to it but what I love is all the hidden features and secrets that you can't really explain, you really have to experience it for yourself.There is a slight learning curve but once you get it you cant go back to other phones, it just feels right. The gestures are very natural and if you pick up any phone or touch device after you are guaranteed to try them on it.forget the old blackberry, no sticking freezing or battery pulls needed. The youngest phone OS on the market has a long way to go but it has come a very long way as well. Don't take my word for it, you need to experience it to truly understand the power of the Z10

this phone came locked and all instructions were in spanish. i am having great difficulty utilizing this product . i feel cheated

I'm very happy with the purchase, it is good phone comparing with other phones if we take the price in consideration, no cheaper phone with same specifications.

Best purchase Ive made in a long time, I'm deployed in Afghanistan I can pick up my phone and call anyone anytime, i dial right from my contacts list...good stuff

I bought this phone about a week ago, and I can't stop saying "I love this phone" What amazes me is, the ease of use of everyday stuff like texting and socializing. The browser is fast and the phone is slick looking. Hats Off BB great job.

I've been using this Z10 since last January, and I sincerely say that this phone is the best device that I have purchased in last few years, it performs as if it knew what is important, it's no game and fancy app.that is not it;s world, but when it comes to phone twitter, facebook, notes, emails and all the important communications it handles them like no other, they are all there at a glance,the trick is the HUB, once your master it, you forget the Iphone and the samsung toys, i would not trade this phone for any of those toys, the last updates have made a whole lot better, hums up Blackberry.The apps availability is sufficient and a lot more are in the works, battery life could be better but it's not a pain...And it's a no button device swipe it and everything is there... also love the size and the screen it's made for your hand...

The z10 is amazing, despite the lack of apps which are going to be filled to match iOS and Android within the year. I sideloaded many apps it lacked, Pandora, Instagram, and skype and it works so much better than my old iPhone5 I didn't know if i wanted to get rid of the iphone but honestly i was tired of the boring OS, the battery kept dying the first couple of days but finally i let it die completely and charged it and now it last me about 16 hours with moderate use the iphone usually at 30% by the 10th hour and dead by the 14th.Pros:silky smooth OSThe camera features are AMAZINGBBM IS BACK!!!!the keyboard is amazing (although there is a learning curve once you get used to it you'll be typing faster than on any other device out there)the device is smooth and has a nice grip on the back you can use it without the case and you don't get the fragile &#34;it might slip&#34; feeling like you do with iPhones it feels very durable (like most blackberry's)Cons-their are a few bugs but it is a new device so its to be expected (theres an update coming in march which should fix the most annoying onesit wasn't free i wanted a free phoneconclusion-Blackberry nailed it, i have many of my iphone friends waiting for it to launch here in the US so they can pick it up. I'm proud to say that i'm probably one of the first with it here in arizona :D

I was excited to get the Z10, but within a week already felt it had some issues.Cons:While on roam, the phone crashed many times, had to reset 4-5 times per day to get emails coming!Calendar suddenly, kept crashing and i cant enter any new appointments.Facebook, would take forever to load/refresh.Too many basic applications missing, Whatsapp, Flipboard, Skype, Kayak.The camera on my bold is better than this.The system does crash often, and was hoping they would fix this on the BB 10, but similar old problems.Pros:One of the best keyboards out there.It is a smooth operating system, when it works.I like the hub.Overall, it is better than your old blackberries but still many issues to fix, disappointing release by Blackberry. Am going to give up and into the iphone or samsung,which in my opinion are way better options.

Another success of BlackBerry.I really like the new interface,Best replacement for my old phone, fast and intuitive not to mention the BlackBerry HubAgain excellent

I had a blackberry bold 9990 prior to this and liked it it lot .The only drawback being the phsical keyboard which was quite crammed.THis one has a state of the art touchscreen and keyboard and is easily one of the most advanced phones in the market today.I sometimes call it a brain since acts like one.The call quality is great.Apps awesome and communication perfect.The only drawback being that once you delete the mmails in the device. it deletes your mail from the main account no matter what kind of settings you have in imap.Really miss the delete on handset option in the bold.Nonethless an awesome phone.

The cell is not in the Box Original , and not come with the headphones and manual of the operations

2 months ago buy one, I served in movistar Venezuela, but had sudden death, suddenly release, was shut down and not it caught more, take you to repair and was told no repair so simple, I lost my money and cost me 300 and incidentally here wash their hands

This  phone is NOT an unlocked phone, it is an AT&T phone, that WILL require unlocking to use. It is a new unit, but needs unlocking. Buyer BEWARE!!!

I am a business man, and i really use the black berry to make business, however this phone is slow, it only has 3 - 5  ringtones per profile, you can not set up POP3 e mail service yet.  I personally recommend the Bold 9900 it was way much better for me, faster, and you can do a lot of things that you can not do on the z10I am really disappointed of the z10, if you are looking a fancy phone, or something to play with, or you are a twitter and facebook person, this is the phone; if you are really a business person I recommend Bold 9900 for Black Berry, Samsung Galaxy S4, or Samsung Galaxy Note 2.  My impression is that this phone was built to compete against Iphone

Used all 3 galaxy's so far. Never liked the restrictions in I-phone. Now,I have been using Z10 for a while. It took few days for transition from my S3, and now I really love my it. Every once in a while I figure out some neat new features. Web browsing,reading, email, chat and keyboard are really BEST in class. No way going back to my old S3.

good product.  would recommend it to friends. for 2 weeks usage that is good . Everyone wanted one.. I like it because it is affordable

I received the phone as scheduled. Initially I was unhappy that the phonr was not sent with a SIM card that could be utilized immediately. Being that the Z10 and my previous blackberry used differnet sized SIM cards I had to purchase a new SIM card. One the phone was activated I was suprised to find that the phone was so efficient and resourceful, but that was short lived as the phone began shutting down (powering off) on its own. Eventually the phone just stopped powering up at all, and all of this in a matter of two/three weeks. The phone was sent back by mail and I am awaiting either a new phone or reimbursement of my funds. I was very dissapointed with my purchase. Finally when I attempted to contact the store that the phone was ultimately purchased from through Amazon I could not reach any one to discuss this defective phone.

This smartphone is amazing, comprises of a lot of apps and features. There is room for improvement but I guess that's why there is a Q10 and Z30

What took rim so long to join the race between cell phones. This phone is awesome! Hardly use my S3 now.

Acabo de cambiarme de Iphne a el Z10 el teclado es excelente la resoluci&oacute;n excelente creo que blackberry si tiene algo importante que mostrar

I did my research and was able to choose the right phone that satisfied my needs.  Battery life is very short so it is recommended to buy another battery or a mobile charger that can charge two batteries. I puchased it from T-Mobile and had a few shortcomings for example, on my 8900 curve, my number is usually displayed at the top of the screen when making a call.  On this phone, it says unknown. The same thing happens when I sign on to Blackberry Protect website.  My number is not displayed there either. The same Unknown Number message is displayed where my phone number is usually displayed.The phone is working as expected otherwise. I am able to get 4G and install Android apps on the phone without having to sideload them. Am satisfied with it.

I recently bought this phone for using in Venezuela and when I power on says Digitel Venezuela, I tried to use with Movistar and Movilnet and is not working, could you please send the unlock code because I need to use with Movilnet. THIS PHONE IS NOT UNLOCKED!

Had a Torch before. Best value by far. Unbelievable for writing and images plus the perfect size. The ease of the hub is great. The price is ridiculously low for what this phone offers.

I got my z10 on time. It looked just as described. Its a little more complicated than my former blackberry but i figured it out. No problems, no regrets...great buy

It is a beautiful piece of art. A little complicated as it comes with very little instructions but it truly opens the door to new generation of technological advancement.keep the good work.such a beautiful picture quality and clarity.

I received the product and it's beyond my expectation.  It is almost brand new everything is working perfect.I will advice all to buy from them, they are the best!

The phone is everything they said it was. Works great, blackberry pulled it off with thisnone if you are a BB lover and of full touch screen.....this is it. This is the phone to have...

This phone has exceeded my expectations! I am using it in Jamaica on the Lime 4G network and it works perfectly.

After demoing the Z10 for the last month I am now a converted blackberry user.  The Z10 is very intuitive and incredibly fast.  If you are looking for a new smartphone I highly recommend this one.

It is elegant, simple to use, with a lot of new features. Very similar to iPhone and Galaxy but with the touch of BlackBerry. Great for all BlackBerry lovers and those who are willing to give a chance to BB.

I love it and every thing about it. Its great for browsing, and I love the keyboard. The only problem is the lack of apps..

I love my BB z10, it's just what I expected...Fast, right weight, good looking, great interaction with his new software BB10. I recommended 100%.iPhone people's get lost with it.. hahahahaI think the BB World need so much more apps for z10, never is too soon to get a lot of apps to choose.El producto lleg&oacute; bien, todo en orden. Recomiendo a esta gente plenamente.Blackberry z10..... Big change!

bides attention to solve problems, excellent seller. it is appropriate and helpful. Carries out new purchases soon.can be confident

Device was sold unlocked.  Took it to AT&T to install my contract line on it.  Impossible to get Internet on the phone line.  Only goes to Edge which is so slow no Internet can be picked up.  Device loses connectivity with the mobile phone network once you switch it off.  The APN wipes immediately.  You have to go through a mind-boggling thing with wi-fi to get it back onto mobile phone connectivity.  Wi-fi connection itself is patchy and keeps going on and off.  Baffled and confounded AT&T's best as well as the mobile phone diagnostic and repair service next door.  Several changes of SIM card as well as all their best permutations on the phone did not help.  I can only make calls on it and nothing else.  I might have as well bought a $10 phone.  PURE RUBBISH.  Either the Z10 is a big con or the seller sold me a dud (or both).  Seriously upset

I just love the blackberry phones as for the z10 I have found it's performance to be great, as for the battery it last longer than the samsung s4 which I own before upgrading to the Z10. Also love the camera which has a back and front view therefore I will recommend this phone.

perfecta condici&oacute;n del equipo

Awesome technology. Exactly what was needed. Does everything I need and then some.Emotional review, sure. But then you can get tech spec and all the relevant comparative etc etc etc anywhere on the net if you need to. The price it is offered at here is comical for the value the product provides. Getting another one soon.I am happy.

Be aware this is not the usual LTE version which many people think is the only one in this model, as I used to think. And yes, the seller states the right reference on Amazon but you must web research about it to get wise. I did it after order it and not too happy about it. I give it 3 stars because they should be clearer on that matter.On any other subject this product is what it says to be, one of the best and fastest in the market.The delivery time was better than expected.

I actually ordered this phone for my cousin who wanted me to get him one, ever since i gave the phone to him, he has been using it without any problem in africa, its the best gift he has ever received. thanks Amazon

this phone is very good and have wonderful apps on the phone and the only thing i dont like it dont have the block call on the phone u have to buy the app

This phone came exactly as expected. I got it for my hubby and he likes it. The colour is super and not common

This is a pretty decent device.My only annoyance are that:1. I expected it to the the STL100-2 and it turned out to be the STL100-1 but I can live with that.2. The headphone jack doesn't work. It doesn't recognize any headphones, including the one that came in the box. ALL these headphones work well with other mobile devices as well as my MacBook.

I love this phone! this Blacberry device has all that i was looking for.the service was also a good experience

I've bought stuff from you and are already up, but I did not get a signal,, is written in my phone,, enter network unlock code,, how about this problem??

Blackberry is by far the best smartphone for corporative business and people that are on banking business.I was starting BB again and found this on from $ 849 to $ 425...I bought it and Iam happy I did, its better than my iPhone.

Battery run flat too quickly.  Always hot when charing with the charger that came with it. Need a car charger to enjoy the phone just incase you are outta the house

it's been a looog wait before. when i got it it's fantastic feeling. nice key board (touch), screen is responsive.it has a hot spot. so use it as modem & access internet on tablet, laptop etcsolid built quality, & easily surpass i phone 4 in all aspects just for 200$.it's unlocked & use can use it anywhere. it takes microsim card.

bought this phone from t-mobil at 16615B dove canyon Rd, San diago store on April 30th, 2013. They had NO clue about the Z10 and how it operates or any changes that took place when compared to 9900 or 9300. OK, this Z10, doesn't have WiFi calling like the BB 9900 which i bought 18 months ago!!! this phone never worked and was found defective after 8 hours of runaround between the store and T-mobile customer service. They changed my phone to another Z10 and $50.00 compensation for the poor service they provided. Next I received a call from T-mobile advising that my $20.00 plan to cover International email is no longer available for the Z10 AND T-mobile will be charging me $15/ MB??? so, in this case, why do i need a blackberry? the reason why I carried Blackberry phone is because it saved me money when i received my emails while traveling internationally. Now, Samsung & IPHONE seem better to have considering that AT&T; has better rate per MB and I can buy international plan for much lesser than t-moble. T-mobile customer service changed their word on this issue 4 times from one person to another and I still never received straight word on the true story regarding email.So, to make my life easier, i decided to return the phone (the customer service person at the above store actually wanted to charge me $50.00 restocking fee). Additionally, the sadly changing customer service at T-mobile (from good to terrible customer service), is another encouragement to move forward with Iphone and another provider once my contract expires.
