
Wanted a phone for my child for the summer's when she is home alone. This is perfect- reception with AT&T was still good, even though it was not a 4G phone, NON-Smartphone so that she doesn't rack up the internet and data charges but also can play games and text as needed. she loves her phone!

This phone is great! I've had it for almost 2 years and I dropped it in water an it still works perfectly fine! I would definitely suggest this phone to someone starting out with a phone and texting is soo easy! And there's a button on top to lock the screen so you don't accidentally butt dial someone...I would definitely recommend this phone to anyone!

My mom had this exact phone, was gardening and set something on it causing an impact fracture that effected 1/2 of the screen to not show up.  Ran down to AT&T;, they wanted $199 for a replacement. I jumped on AMAZON, found this exact same phone $49 bucks! Works like a dream, Mom didn't miss a beat with it. Nice phone for the elderly, (sorry mom:)!This is NOT a smart phone.

Did not want a complicated phone, and this was a good choice. Price was fair, shipping fast, and perfect for my needs. I do minimal texting, and it makes calls and receives calls. There is a camera, but it hasn't been used.

The phone arrived in the original packaging and is exactly as promised.My daughter was able to pop in her Sim card and start texting away immediately.Works great!

I like the key board. Looks real good. I really like the overall feel and looks a lot. And the best part was the price. About $150.00 less than att wanted.

My daughter loves this phone and best of all she now has a keyboard for her texting and doesn't need one of those over priced smart phones that require a $35 data plan.  The phone came in the original box sealed and was brand new.  Very pleased with this purchase!  In fact I just now bought another one for my wife she like our daughters so much.

This is a great phone for Texting and talking.  Screen is nice and bright and the keyboard works well.  Recommend this phone

There was no instruction manual . Material is of poor quality and  looks used and repacked. No USB cord included .

Need talk & text, but no smart phone?  This is perfect!  The price is right and no contract to tie you down...(and face it, you're not sure that the kid can be responsible about not losing it at this point either.)  Anyhow, no worries about unlimited access to the internet here.  I just didn't give her any data usage, and blocked the ability to send or receive photos.  She can talk and text, which is all she &#34;needs.&#34;Now, she is thrilled to have a phone because of all those ridiculous reasons she was coming up with that a 12 year old should need one, which seemed to include alien abduction.  At least she was smart enough not to put &#34;But mom!  All my friends have one!&#34; on the list of reasons!

Replaced my old phone because the keypad was too small, and the screen was not touch effective. Was excited to get a more modern phone. My LG Xpression is a disappointment. It is difficult to type because the keys are too close together. It seems they are crowded in the center to make room for operations on either side of the keyboard. using the regular keys is bad enough but to get numbers, and other operations, requires to much additional operations. On top of all that, it is not unusual when taking the phone out of the belt holder, the camera swathes on. Would recommend spending the additional costs to get an I-phone, or Samsung.

The phone was all that it claimed to be in the description, as well as, being shipped unlocked. The reason I gave it four stars instead of five is due to user feature preferences. The phone is too small for me. The keyboard is impossible to read and maneuver even when wearing my reading glasses. When you get that over 40 eyesight, things like that really matter.The other issue I had with functionality is that I could not figure out how to switch over to speaker phone once a call was initiated. Also, if I made the call with the speaker phone from the onset, the screen kept reverting to a different screen instead of staying on the features I needed. I found this to be a major inconvenience as you would lose the touchscreen to press numbers when prompted during a phone call. Again, this is not necessary a phone quality issue, but more so a user preference issue.

I saw this phone and really liked the looks of it. I also was looking for one i can put in a case and it won't dial its self.I still have to learn all the apes on it but i am slowly getting there.

The phone locks up periodically for no reason.  You have to hit the lock key then unlock it to continue.  Also it will not send pictures with a text message.  No reason is given why the picture won't send.

I bought this one so I would have a backup in case I ruined the other one, as I have already done once!!!  So it's not been activated yet.  But the color is still amazing.

Looked for the phone locally at Walmart, Radioshack etc.  Got it at Amazon for about half the price.  Exactly what I wanted, just in time for Christmas as promised.  Couldn't be happier!

I bought this for my daughter as a stepping stone from a flip phone to a smart phone (a day which I dread).  I am a AT&T user and there was no issue whatsoever.  I slipped the SIM card into it and turned it on and it connected to the service without any problems.  It seems pretty durable as she's had it for a couple months now and she has dropped it a couple times but it seems undamaged.

This was difficult for me to use coming from an Nokia Lumia 900.  The keys were too small and I guess I just don't see as well.  Looking to re-sell it I hope.

I have purchased three of these phones for my children and all three did not last more than a few months.  Each of the phones were dropped - either slipped out of someone's hand or fell out of a pocket when getting out of the car.  Every time the screen stopped working rendering the phone useless.  I stopped by a local AT&T retail store to see if they could do anything for us - a rep gave the opinion that this is a common problem with these phones.  Unless you're accident free, you might consider another phone or one that can sit in a protective case.  Hope this helps!

My husband, a handyman, 65 years old is electronically challenged. LG company has a very helpful help line who has been assisting him in understanding all the many aspects of this phone.  He has owned it for over a month now and still has a hard time compared to his basic flip phone that had no texting or pictures capabilities.  the price was right.  I have the same phone for nearly a year and it is ok for me as I use it mostly for texting my kids and have few incoming calls. My battery needs charging once every other day. I like it.

My husband lost his phone and we were able to find the same phone at a great price thank you

This phone is great for those who do not want a data plan or use internet on their phone but text a lot. I have a big family and we have four of these phones. They are durable, do not break easily when dropped and my kids love the keyboard for texting. The battery is really good--I normally only have to charge mine every two to three days. The one drawback is that it only comes in red but we buy cheap phone covers so we can tell them apart.

I love the look and feel of the phone, but when trying to put in my sim-card one of the prongs broke.So I am unable to use. Still in need of an unlocked cell phone.

Chose this to replace my granddaughters stolen phone. Exactly what she wanted.You helped me make her day. Thank you

The whole point of this purchase was a durable phone that i can text on a qwerty keyboard. The keyboard buttons are flush with the surface and stiff, making it difficult to type with any speed. I hope this phone is durable over the long run, otherwise it wouldn't even be worth 1 star.Also, apparently to turn on daylight savings, you have to shut off the auto update. unfortunately the text doesn't recognize this, and the conversation is now completely out of order. Went to get help online, and found out that at&t; gives this phone away for free. Thankfully the battery life is long or i would have felt completely cheated for paying anything for this piece of garbage.

Wanted a good basic phone, and the handset isn't bad, but the software is awful and started malfunctioning within days.  Apps pop up uninvited and cannot be disabled. Lots of dropped calls. When I make a call and get a voicemail menu and try to enter a number, sometimes the touchscreen keypad is not available or the number does not register until I pull down a separate option. The screens started fading after 3 days.  Lots and lots of glitches.

I think this is a wonderful phone, nice and simple to use.  For those who like querty keyboards, this is the one to have.  I do have two suggestions, however: 1) Get the black rubberized case that snaps on. Without that it can be very slippy and easy to drop.  2) Don't cut off you thumbnails too close, I think you will be using them to type on this.  At least if you have larger thumbs, using your thumbnails is more precise than trying to use the meat of your thumbs.

Exact replacement for old damaged one. Thank you

I wanted it to be able to transfer my text messages easily to my PC for archiving. Nope. The &#34;data service&#34; doesn't seem to work for usb cables, and there is no way at all to transfer text to my memory card that I bought at cost (just pictures and &#34;other files&#34; which apparently is a small list). In order to read multimedia messages that I sent via email, I have to press Get which sends a second text message. And certain files like music or text, or really anything other than pictures it screens out and you can Get until the cows come home but it won't do it. Ummmm, sorry I wanted to import my music as a ringtone. Media Sync doesn't work here either, it sends it to playlist, which also won't allow transfer to anywhere else.So not only can I not pull my texts out (seriously, there's a file manager right there and it stupidly refuses to transfer texts), but due to equally arbitrary restrictions, I can't pull music in. Now let's talk about the touchscreen and keypad. It's annoyingly oversensitive and does stupid stuff like prompt closes of files WITHOUT asking if that's what you're sure you want, and the auto-complete is really dumb and tied to space and not to enter like EVERY other phone, so you finish a word and press space and literally get stuff like &#34;I'very&#34; trying to type I've and it decided I was trying to type very. First opportunity, I'm getting a new phone. LG should be ashamed of this piece of crap.

I love it. One of the better purchased. I recommend others check your on-site when looking for great prices and helpful and knowledgeable staff.

I ordered this phone, it said I wouldn't receive it till the following Thursday to Saturday.  I was astonished to have received it 2 days later a whole week earlier than they predicted. I have now been using it for a week and am loving it. Everything they said about the phone and what would come with the phone is in there. Everything works and looks great just as advertised. The next time I need to buy a phone I will be shopping here.

We have 5 of these phones - do not allow them to get wet at any time - two of our LG Expression phones fried when they were placed on a kitchen countertop that had water on it ( water entered the speaker hole and shorted the phone). Other than ATT not being receptive to this glitch, the phone is not the easiest to navigate when it comes to messaging, but it does what we need it to do for our family.

this phone is ok. it is slow, and every time i have tried to put in a 32 GB mem card, (which it says it supports, and i am putting in a high quality one) the phone crashes when i try to access any folders when the card is in, even before i put any files on it. i have tried a bunch of things, but cant get anything larger than 16GB to not crash the phone.otherwise the touch screen is fairly responsive, and it is more customizable than any other basic phone i have seen.

Great little phone for those of us who don't want or need a smart phone.

I've had the phone for about a week now and it works fine.  battery life is excellent.  Features are &#34;good&#34;.  It does take getting used to because my Samsung was a bit different.  The speaker phone is barely adequate and when speaking cell to cell the speaker and the earpiece are a bit distorted.  I wish someone would make a cell phone with &#34;very good&#34; speakers.  The texting keypad works very well.  I wanted a cell phone without data and this was the best free phone that my cell service offered, so for the money, it's a good phone.  If I were to purchase a phone, this would not be the one I select, unless I just wanted a basic phone.  If I used the phone a lot I would be disappointed, but I use less than 200 mins per month, so this one works &#34;fine&#34;.

I am so glad this phone finally died on me (after 1 year).  I pocket dialed an insane amount of people.  Including my boss at 12am.  The web browser is utter crap and &#34;runs out of memory&#34; every time you try to browse the web.  Also it doesn't hold many text messages so you always get memory warning messages to clean them up.

The item arrived as advertised and meets expectations. It is good for those seeking an unlocked phone that is not a smartphone.

I ordered this phone got it on 18th 2014. We'll I ordered NEW what I got was used. I paid 85$ for a NEW NOT USED. I know it's used because there were contacts in there of people I don't know. And pictures that were not me.The plastic they always use to cover the screen had bubbles in it. That's when I thought oh oh this is used. And it came in a box that only said MOBILE PHONE. And there was no book about the phone in the box.I will send this phone back.  When I say NEW I expect to get new.  I ordered from BREED BUT found out it came from ABC. I have proof.

I didn't want a full smartphone and data plan.  Instead, I got this device.  I wanted it to do two things: phone calls and text messages.  Its phone call quality is surprisingly poor - my twelve-year old Nokia is much better.  The texting works well.

Nice phone. Positive key actions on the slide out key board. Not too sensitive on the touch screen. Navigating through the menus, settings and tools is not exactly intuitive, but workable. Battery life reasonable.Delivery was quite fast. Arrived in generic packing, so not too convinced it's a 'new' phone. Contrary to product description, phone was not unlocked - it was still linked to AT&T.;  Works fine with AT&T; SIM and AT&T; compatible carriers (like H2O and Consumer Cellular) but not with all other GSM carriers I tried.  Buying thru Amazon and using AT&T; SIM is more cost effective than buying thru AT&T; directly if the phone is new.  An unlock code can be obtained from AT&T; if you want to use another carrier.

It's good for texting. But it is VERY aggravating on many other features including that the dial pad times out and you have to keep sliding the stupid lock up to get to put in a number. So if you make a call that has an automated message where you have to punch in numbers to go through the menu well though luck it's gonna drive you nuts. Would not get this phone again.

This phone is a good replacement for my beloved old Samsung feature phone. The ONLY thing I don't like is that the keyboard slides open to the side instead of down, not a big deal. Everything was easy to set up (much much easier than my smart phone) and I was texting away with hardly a pause as soon as I got it. So far I am very happy with it!

I ordered this phone to replace the one I broke (it's the exact same one).  It arrived on time (early, actually!), it looks brand new, and it works perfect!  :)

Could not ask for a better product. It was new in box as advertised and AT&T had no problem getting a SIM card in it and hooked up to the network. Price was on point as well, AT&T wanted $170 for this phone and at $46 including shipping, I couldn't have asked for better. Perfect starter phone for my 11 year old daughter. Thank you NuTwo!

this has been a great phone for texting.

Got here earlier than expected. .great phone. .

I had this phone before and it crashed, so wanted a cheap replacement - this met the need, great price, new phone, works great!

I'm not interested in a smart phone, and it's getting harder and harder to find these old gems. The AT&T; store wanted to charge me $170 for this phone, or lock me into a 2 year contract for it - ridiculous!Instead, I simply bought this one, put my AT&T; sim card into it, and viola! It has more features than I really need or use, but it's easy to understand and the qwerty keyboard is awesome! The battery life is good too.The only downside is that it's heavy...but at least it still fits neatly in my pocket :)

This phone matches 2 others in our family and keeps everything simple to remember. We have had the other 2 phone for almost 2 years and have had no trouble.

Had a unit where the back and battery were lost. This replaced the old unit perfectly and works as you would expect. Simply swap out the sim cards and you are good to go. If you want to move pictures etc from the other phone you will also need a mini HD card.

I had to return it to seller.  Within 5 minutes after using it my ATT service was shut down because it was a stolen phone.  I would like to order another Expression

I am very disappointed with this phone.  It  is difficult to use and I will be returning it within the next few days.  It also does not hold a charge for very long.

Purchased for my dad. Good little basic phone with touch screen. Nice loud ring settings.

It is a great phone.  I got it as a replacement phone for my Grandaughter.  I don't want her to have a smart phone so this is perfect.  She can call and text all she wants to.  It's a great way for us to keep in touch.

He loves is new phone.

Exactly what I wanted. This is a keyboard phone which can be used with AT&T without incurring a data plan.

After owning an iPhone, and deciding life would be simpler and cheaper without one, I went back to a pure talking-texting phone.The LG Xpression is simple and functional.I do NOT have skinny/pointy fingers, so the pullout keyboard was a must.  I HATED the iPhone's touchscreen keyboard!!!  iPhone letters are too small and I would always end up pushing a letter I didn't want to push.  The Xpression's keyboard is a godsend for my clumsy fingers and I never have an issue texting.The touchscreen works fine (not as fast as an iPhone, but it really doesn't need to be), the phonebook and calendar functions allow for plenty of data and reminders, and the phone calls themselves are clear.You can download music and games, but I never used those functions on an iPhone, so I wouldn't use it on this phone anyway.There are only two downsides to this phone.1. Size:  The Xpression is compact, but the keyboard makes it a little thick (granted it still fits in a pocket easy enough).  It just isn't as &#34;thin&#34; as an iPhone or droid.2. Poor Camera:  The on-board camera is obviously not close to the latest and greatest; however, I carry around a full-time camera (DSLR or Sony Cybershot) anyway, so for me, it is not an issue.If you find yourself not using the &#34;Smart&#34; applications of your &#34;Smart&#34; phone, or just want something cheap and simple, the LG Xpression is a nice alternative that keeps your eyes where they should be&#8230; looking up at the world.

Just got the phone & it's ehh. I broke mine so I needed a replacement & this is what I chose. The keyboard works great but the buttons are kind of flat so I feel as if it's not entering my text. As for the touch screen, it's slow and kind of unresponsive unless you REALLY push down on it. The menu is a bit confusing but for such a cheap phone, it gets the job done. I would recommend this phone if you enjoy a keyboard. the automatic locking while making a call is a bit annoying as well. Also, I found if you receive a long text, the screen is so small that it keeps closing the message on me while trying to read it. The only was I was able to read long messages was by clicking "forward message" and reading it that way.

My daughter wanted a new phone and this model was the one she wanted, so I set out to find a &#34;new&#34; phone but did not want to pay full price.  This dealer had the lowest price on the web for this phone.  It arrived on time and in new condition as advertised.

All my orders are great except galaxy note 3 which is 3G instead of 4G lite

Love this phone.  I am 48 and a stay at home mom for now.  I do not need a smart phone as I have access to the internet 24/7.  This is a great phone if you are looking for a great phone for talking and texting.  I was going to purchase a new phone from AT&T but they wanted a170.00 plus shipping and handling for this exact phone without a contract.

I was looking to get a basic phone for my daughter who is only 9yrs old. Mostly for emergencies but I wanted something cute, not too expensive and user friendly. Well she is happy with her new phone. It is very pretty, she loves the red color and how easy it's for her to text. I like that the keys on the keyboard are soft instead of hard making it easy to type.  I would definitely recommend it!

Met our expectations and more! Bought for my husband and he loves it! Thank you for being honest about your products!!!!;) Will buy from there again!

My daughter got this to replace her old cell phone. Very easy to use,battery life it real good(so far) textting is easy this the keyboard, She tells me its a dumb smartphone and the price was good. The only thing she said she didn't like was the alarm clock set up but it is loud enough to wake to.

fits right into my life style. easy for me to use
