
Let's start with the cons:1) If you consider learning a new user interface as a negative, then Z10 has a learning curve. It unlocks differently, notifications are different, user interface is different, email is handled differently if compared to iPhone or Android.2) App selection is limited, but I found all the apps I needed.Things that I find great on this phone1) Communication experience is super smooth. I can jump from Facebook to Twitter and reply to a Linked message all from a Unified Hub. It literally saves seconds every time I use the phone, but over the course of the day those seconds add up! (I save a minimum of 60 seconds each day that adds up to almost a 7 hours over the couse of a year. Year that's right! One full work day!)2) Navigation and user interface is different, but much more efficient. It's a joy to use the phone (need a week or two to adapt though)3) Awesome podcast and rss managers4) It only gets better, Balckberry keeps releasing updates that iron out all the kinks that come with a new OS. For example, my battery life is no longer a problem.And all the other stuff like security, BB Balance, easy device management for corporates etc etc. Personally I don't care much about that.

The phone is great as is. Wonderful OS. Excellent for communication if you are always connected to a wi-fi network. Being unlocked (but having a Verizon logo on it),  most GSM carriers do not allow the phone to connect to 3G/4G. EDGE is the fastest connectivity for this phone. This ruins the user experience. Do not buy this phone is you plan on using it on AT&T; or T-Mobile. To top it, these carriers have woeful customer service and shrug their shoulders when you request a solution.Specific information: This is a STL100-4 model. The GSM model that works properly in the US and Canada is STL100-3. The seller did not advertise this correctly.

About the purchase: Much like everyone else, I was very skeptical about buying a phone on Amazon, but I was also desperate so I did. One week later, to my relief, it arrived and everything was perfect. Everything arrived in-tact and as shown. I definitely do trust this Seller and would make a purchase here again.About the phone: I'm a huge BlackBerry fan but regardless, BlackBerry has done a fantastic job with the Z10. BlackBerry 10 overall is awesome. I've had Apple, Android and BlackBerry phones; I love the difference in the OS. Two of my favorite aspects are: the ease of navigation and BB Hub. At the suggestion of a friend, I took a chance buying this phone; there have been no regrets since. I love the sleek look and design; it's not heavy nor bulky. I would recommend that anyone take a chance on this phone; however if you're a huge apps person, maybe not.

This phone is a dream.  Multi-tasking is so easy, texting is fast with the built-in suggestions and auto-correct and the battery life is amazing.  I only charge the phone when I notice it's low, not like my Android which required I plug it in at night or it would be off by the AM.

I've had numerous iphones and various androids os including a few Samsung and HTC phones. I have enjoyed them. But not like this blackberry. The os with the gestures are easy to use and make navigation through the phone highly intuitive. The phone is smooth, no hang ups and BBM is awesome. The touch screen is the most precise I have ever used. I can even use it with gloves on. The keyboard is responsive and gives smart suggestions which was huge for me. Time shift has come in handy so many times already. This phone is better than any other I have ever owned because it is the most comprehensive phone; giving you the perfect balance between performance, intuitive design, and fun. If blackberry keeps this up I will be a customer for life.

Excellent telephone, with a very robust operative systemI am very please. A very little adjustments are required, but I believe RIM people is working on

The phone is great, the screen is impressively sharp, is easy to use and very fluid, only bad thing is that they should improve Applications are still poor, I hope they improve this feature soon. Greetings.

I like this much, its fast and better than I phone 5.The only Problem is the Battery back up which last for 7 to 8 Hours max.But stillmanageable and extend the battery life by turning of unwanted apps and services.

The phone is super lightweight, aesthetically very nice. At first you do not adapt once that is fully touch, however other phones have 3 buttons on the front to help you glide through the functions. This phone is completely touch, but when you start using you adapt quickly. It is very fast, I live in Venezuela and the model I buy grab 3G. You have to look at the model before buying, to grip with your operator 3G. (This phone comes in 4 or 5 identical models but with different bands) should buy the model indicated that the band brings 3G working with your carrier, this information is obtained via the Internet). It has many functions and the camera is super nitida, it looks great. I'm really pleased with my purchase!

It's like having a computer in your pocket.  I love it. Blackberry is back. Download the RadioPlayer+ app. ;You wont regret it.

Finally I got it and really happy, touch screen keyboard is amazing! it`s fast and easy to understand, awesome picture-taking process! I am not disappointed, thank you blackberry!

Good afternoon, I need to give me your opinion people who have bought from Venezuela to do with which company works and please indicate if you be in Venezuela as the warranty ..... I want to buy this phone

Great cell phone BlackBerry Z10 always i like BlackBerry but this Z10 excellent cell phoneSimple everything is awesome on BlackBerry -BlackBerry is BlackBerry

my wife loves the phone work great for her so i she will stay with blackberry z10.so it a good phone.

It's very unfortunate that this phone has not taken off like some of the Android phones or like the iPhone. This is a great product, specially with the amount of features it has.Pros:-Can do Bluetooth Audio to my car and to headsets.-Can use Allplay with samsung TVs. I have seen delays maybe once or twice, but most of the time is just perfect stream of Audio/video from the phone to the TV.-8mp camera-BBM can now be used via WiFi. No more Data plan required for this feature. Furthermore, you can use BBM video chat.-Maps is way better than the new maps application on the iPhone.-includes excel, word, powerpoint (Docs To Go)-By default it comes with facebootk/twitter and a few other social applications for those who are interested.-Latest update 10.2.1537 has improved a lot of things, such as the calendar, added a flashlight application and a lot of other UI enhancements, including the ability to install Android applications (apk) to our phone.-Multi window view is great.Cons:Not enough native applications.Going to the home screen can sometimes be a shore. Unlike android phones or iPhone, there is no button to take you to home, so you have to slide your finger from the Blackberry logo to the center of the screen. A lot of the times this is very unresponsive. (and thus why I only gave it 4 stars).I hear the z30 is even a better phone, so I might just end up updating my phone very soon :)

First off, I am a blackberry user through and through.  I use my phone more for business than for gaming or other mind numbing activities.  I purchased this as an unlocked unit; this is not the same version sold in the US, it does NOT have LTE.  That being said, it has quad band hspa+ up to 21mbps.  This is fast enough to stream netflix, watch online videos, and use maps on the go.  Plus, the battery life on the STl 100-1 is slightly better than the STL 100-3 found in the US (ATT/Verizon).  I love the speed of the phone, the interface, and overall fit and finish.

I don't even know what to say.  i just got this and see not ONE thing about it I like better than an HTC, Samsung or IPHONE product.  do you?  i am a big online banking and bluetooth music guy and Blackerry has NO apps for:  American Express, Bank of America, US Bank, Rhapsody, Sirius, Amazon Cloud, Sonos, Chase, CNBC Real Time Stock Quotes, Zappos, Zillow, TV Guide, Instagram, etc. . . . there really is no online platform like Google and Apple have.  the slipping and sliding of fingers this way and that way to move around is annoying and not made for a stocky man of 220 lbs.Ok, the Blackberry Z10 is kinda cool and you can replace the battery.  But it has literally no apps, it very confusing to use, the OS sucks, the company is approaching BK status (stock was $150 and then hit $6).  if anyone can give me even one reason why this phone isn't inferior to Samsung, Apple, HTC or even Windows products I'd be interested.  This is a terrible company now, running low on cash, no programmers supporting them and just a second notch company with a first notch price for their product.  I LOVE Rhapsody and asked them if there will be an application for the Blackberry Z10.  I was told there are no plans to unless they generate more revenue from their product.Sad, but avoid this . . . company.  they are yesterday's news and not doing what is required to get back on top.  So bummed.  They cost me a lot of money.

Had New Z10 on ATT for a month now, switched from Moto Admiral. Huge improvement however Z10 keeps freezing and then rebooting itself. It could be in the middle of a call, on Facebook, during a text or simply sitting on a table.

It is very safe and a lot of responsibility, the team was completely sealed delivered, I recommend .....Thanks for everything brother

I LOVE this phone! Had this phone since it was released. For the first time I am using my cell phone for everything! The "Hub" holds all my emails,calls and text and I can see them all in one place. It's also great that I no longer have to close something to do something else. I simply move around keeping it open to look at something else. Spell check rocks! In time, the phone "learns" your language and keeps it stored for later use. Camera takes great quality pics, battery life is good. Not too big, not too small. I really have nothing negative to say about this phone. Hope Blackberry can pull through their recent decline and rise above again.

No matter which sub-model you purchase. A $750 phone for around $200 how can anybody pass this up. Also it can run Android apps. What more do you want? More speed? Spend more money, because you're not going to find it in this price range.

I've been rocking this phone since day 1 and it is just awesome. BlackBerry has done it again. It's just a shame i can not give it more stars.

i think this cell phone is good but i did not like it because of the battery and for the signal strength ,.... many friends calls me and it seems like am out of service .... but as a design its ok

I love the phone and I love the Tmobile service.  I like that it has a user replaceable battery (the new Z30 doesn't).  I already ordered a larger battery through Amazon that other users have recommended ( Amazon product #B00DRS9X8W ).  Awesome reception.  I've already side loaded most of my Android apps that you can't find on Blackberry World (can't wait until 10.2.1 OS comes out so I don't have to go through 3rd party apps to do this).  Only had it for a couple of weeks, so if anything bad happens in the coming months, I'll update accordingly.Update 12-1-13Forgot to add that this phone can do both 4G and 4GLTE and is capable of Hi-Def cell phone calls, if the person on the other end also has Hi-Def.  (I read that the data streams on normal voice calls are lower than lan lines, which is really archaic given the data speeds phones are capable of now).  Also capable of doing Wi-Fi calling, which is free with T-Mobile and doesn't use minutes.  Awesome...except T-Mobile only offers unlimited minutes now, oh well.  This has made reception especially better in my home since cell phone signal is poor.  Now my phone calls go through my cable internet.  Bad news...I'm stuck with Comcast awhile longer, sigh.

Listen to alitrompiz before you purchase. I took a chance that maybe as of Jan. '14, things would be different, but this is the STL-100-1 made for the African, Asian & S. American markets. The documention isn't even in English! This should be made known in the description. Do NOT deal with this company.

I'm totally impressed.  I came from a BlackBerry 9900.Picked up the Z10 from my local ATT store for $300 without contract last week.Perfect size, fast, responsive.  The BB 10 OS is easy to get familiar with.Real SKYPE on a Blackberry device, finally!  I've used Skype on this phone with and without video.Also you can video chat with BlackBerry Playbooks which is cool.The Crackle App is great.  Watching PBS videos output to my TV using a micro HDMI cable is useful.I like this Z10 a lot.  I recommend anyone this phone.  My only small gripe is I wish I the speakers could go louder.I bought the RIM flip shell case and that works well with it.Now if I like this so much I can't wait to get a Z30 next year since that is more powerful and has a larger screen and way better sound.

I had been using this phone for over a month now since it came out in Canada and all I can say is WOW! If you are looking for a different and more productive way do stuff, this is the best phone out there. The Hub is probably the best feature on this phone: you can do everything there without even opening the app. Answer emails, reply Whatsapp, BBM, Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn... all this from any app that you are using. No more buttons, no more scrolling to the app. you have native DLNA support so you can just "Play To" directly to TV wirelessly without having to buy an Apple TV or something similar. Play music or movies wirelessly! Send emails with multiple attachments... type on the best touchscreen keyboard. you don't even have to hit the correct letter, it will guess what letter you intended to type and correct the word for you. I can even type with my eyes closed! And guess what? do all that at the same time with no penalty (stream wirelessly a movie to TV, browse the internet and answer emails)! the Dual Core feels like its an octo core! Time shift camera is incredible to take picture of kids or big groups.No lag at all, I haven't rebooted the phone for weeks. bb10 is very efficient in recycling memory so no matter how heavy user you are, the phone will perform flawlessly all the time. I have 5 emails set up, 3 social network account set up. i get about 50 emails per day and over 200 texts message.There is so much to say on this phone! you wont regret it.

I have been a blackberry user for almost 10 years....and have loved every minute of it.  When I heard of a newer blackberry coming out I jumped at the opportunity to purchase.  The first week I was very satisfied with the phone.  After about 3 weeks I travelled internationally and thus the problems began.  When I purchased the phone NO ONE informed me that the Z10 runs on a different operating system than the previous blackberry's...thus I would be charged different internationally.  The emails and texts, etc previously went through the Blackberry network and now they don't which means you are charged $15/MB for every email, text, etc.  After returning from my international visit and seeing my bill for $900 for 1 week and I didn't make one call nor use the internet I tried to take the phone back to the store and of course it was past my return date!!!!  So now I'm stuck with this phone and I either have to purchase an older blackberry to use while I'm traveling internationally or turn the phone off completely.  Two thumbs down for not informing customers of these changes!!!!

My son is truly Estatic about his new phone. No complaints..He love the slender look, the wide screen and the ease of accessing documents, games etc.

I was on the fence on which phone to upgrade to. My three options were an iphone5, Samsung Galaxy S4, or the Blackberry Z10. I can't type as well (since I have nails) on the iphone in fact that phone was the worse one. I don't really like the idea that everything you download to it has to come directly from Apple either. My husband has already been through two phones with the same issue of the handset not working properly when you are making phone calls and when I was in the ATT Phone store a customer came in with problems with there iphone so that is out, the Samsung was better to type on but after reading reviews on it there seem to be a lot of people who had problems with Bluetooth and with the phone cracking when dropped. I can type amazing on the Z10 it is very user friendly and everything I want in the way of apps have been available, in addition if there is not an app then it is on the web. The browser is extremely fast and the call quality is excellent Very happy with my purchase after taking months to research and many visits to the ATT stores to try out different phones. Thank you Blackberry for making a solid smart phone!

It shown on amazon website or advertisement that bbz10 comes with all the accessories, when i received my package was on the generic box, no headset, usually blackberry cellpohones comes with the pouch, none of that. It was advertise as new items. I am very disappointed next time i will order on ebay.

I was Blackberry power user and went on to try various platforms like Iphone 4S/5, Galaxy Nexus and S3 while Blackberry was in transition to BB10. Al-tough the competing platforms were eye candy but a huge a let down when it comes to productivity - namely email (unified inbox), key boards, notifications, multi-tasking and finer nitty gritties that Blackberry is known for (example : bedside mode, message compression, attach photos in email with lowered resolution on the fly, exceptional reception, security etc). Last 2 years for me was painfull since I have been patiently waiting for BB10 that was promised eye-candyness of other platforms combined with productivity features of good-ole Blackberries. Here comes the release and BB10 doesn't disappoint.The size, weight and tactile feel of the BlackBerry Z10 is a win for BlackBerry's designers and in an era where every smartphone vendor seems to be going towards bigger and bigger screens in an attempt to provide differentiation, the Z10 is perfect for single-handed use.The Z10 seemed to me to offer up crisper images than the other S3 and Iphone 5. Maybe that is because the Z10 tops the other two at 356 pixels per inch (ppi), compared to 306 ppi for the Galaxy S III and 326 ppi for the iPhone 5.Z10 has an 8-megapixel rear camera; however, the Z10 boasts a 2-megapixel front-facing camera , while the iPhone 5's camera is rated at 1.2 megapixels and the Galaxy S III's at 1.9 megapixels. All three have fast processors, with both the Z10 and Galaxy S III running the 1.5GHz dual-core Qualcomm Snapdragon S4. The iPhone 5 runs the Apple A6 processor. All three support LTE and up to 802.11n Wi-Fi.The Z10 offers NFC for file sharing and mobile payments, something the Galaxy S III also includes (but not the iPhone 5).BlackBerry Z10 is more than a piece of hardware - it has BB10 operating system that offers various services that add value to the overall user experience. Some of the cool Z10 features by BlackBerry are Story Maker, Remember, Balance, Hub and voice control and we would like to take a moment to discuss them as they add to the overall experience tremendously.The Hub acts as the single point for you to check all your updates, like new Facebook notifications, tweets, emails, LinkedIn messages, SMSs etc. If you want to open it, you just have to keep swiping towards the left of the screen till you cross the first menu page and task switcher. It is very easy to navigate and gives you options like posting new messages, emails and social network updates, depending on the service you are working on in the Hub.BlackBerry Balance is a feature aimed at corporate users who want to keep their work and personal lives separate - on their phone. It allows users to store apps and data on two distinct profiles - Work and Personal. Users can easily switch between the two profiles and users who bring their device to office can easily format the Work profile when they switch jobs without having to change any setting in the personal one.Call Quality is exceptionally good with HD voice and reception is better than Iphone 5 or Galaxy S3. Battery has improved by 30% after the first OS update (it better than S3 and more or less same as Iphone 5)

Way better than what I expected... Works perfectly in my country (costa Rica) Amazing camara resolution, many free games abaible, excelent signal (kolbi)... down side, the GPS seems to fail to find the phone....

Great choice , never expected to be that great , brand new , high speed , unique  lolololololoBest choice I have ever get

Despite the industry's worst new product marketing campaign, abysmal mobile carrier promotional support and ongoing bashing in the US media, the BlackBerry Z10 is an excellent mobile phone.  And at today's prices it is practically a steal!The Z10 is built around a new mobile operating system, BB10.  It is unlike any previous BlackBerry OS, but maintains the productivity focus BlackBerry users demand, while adding exciting full-touch and entertainment value like other popular "glass slab" mobile devices we've come to love.I won't go into the many things I love about my Z10.  Other reviewers have covered it well enough.  But, after using my Z10 for the past 6 months, I would like to add a few points of my own:1) BB10 It is not a wholesale Android or iOS rip-off.  It is also very different from the track-pad interface-oriented OS of earlier BlackBerry devices.  So, it will take some time to get use to some of the interface "quirks".  Of course, BB10 borrows many common intuitive touch gestures like pinch-to-zoom.  But adds some unique and useful gestures, like multi-finger swipe on the keypad for multi-word delete (Yes, the BB10 touch keypad is probably the best).  The important gestures that quickly become intuitive are "peek" and "flick".  Personally, I have come to miss them when I use my Android devices.2) Android Apps can be side-loaded to BB10 devices.  As of BB10 10.1, This feature is still being refined, but it promises to become a forefront feature early next year when BB10 10.2.1 is officially released.  (BB10 developers have access to this release today!)  The key here is that you have access to the broad base of Android Apps without compromising the security and productivity focused features that BB10 offers.  You'll be hearing more about this before long.As much as reviewers complain about the "lack" of BlackBerry Apps, many popular Android apps have been ported to BB10.  Although less numerous than iOS or Android, the native BB10 apps are really nicely put together and BB10 developers are very "hungry" trying to make BB10 users happy.  (They know there is an opportunity for growth as the BB10 user base grows.)3) Mobile carrier technical support personnel are not very familiar with the new BlackBerry BB10 operation system.  And they have little incentive to change.  So, you will have to rely on online user groups (CrackBerryDOTcom and N4BBdotCOM are good starting places.)  Unfortunately, getting support form BlackBerry directly is "challenging" since they will request that you first try working with your carrier... (I think this is one of BlackBerry's weaknesses right now... carriers have more incentive to support Android and iOS, but BlackBerry won't even try to "go it alone" as far as tech support.(Maybe they can't for legal/contractual reasons.))4) Many corporate IT personnel are not familiar with BB10 and how it is different from previous BlackBerry OS versions.  Ironically, if they use an older version of BlackBerry Enterprise Server (BES), they may not even think your BB10 device can access corporate email without upgrading to BES 10.  But, rest assured, if Android and iOS devices can access corporate "push" email, so can BB10.  This is because BB10 BlackBerry devices no longer require the BES for corporate email.  Instead, BB10 devices now use the same ActiveSync technology used for Android (and iOS) devices.  My experience was with my employer's Lotus Notes system and the setup procedure was practically the same as for Android.  (I found a great how-to write-up online.)  So don't let confused (or ill-informed) IT personnel to discourage you from getting the most from the Z10.5) This is no longer a problem, but it is worth mentioning.  Since new owners may run into this too.  There have been 3rd party radio firmware problems on some phones.  As a result, many of us (myself included) experienced random reboots with my Z10 (AT&T; STL100-3) while AT&T; was powerless to fix it.  I am very happy to report, that this problem is now fixed with BB10 release 10.1.  So, if/when you get your phone, be sure to check for updates.  (Updating software is pretty easy once they are available through the carrier.  There are ways to install secure and stable "leaked" versions (i.e. developer releases)  But, it is not recommended for those who are not technically savvy.)The bottom line is that in the Z10 BlackBerry demonstrates a promising and exciting mobile software platform with a solid hardware platform.  If you loved BlackBerry devices in the past, but moved to newer full-touch devices for modern experience, I think it is worth trying the new BB10 devices.  (Especially now when carriers are practically giving them away.)

They were good qwerty phones,,, but then they started making touch screen models. Thats when everything went downhill for this historic company.I didnt want to doug on blackberry, but this phone just begs to be ridiculed. And my main disappointment here is the user interface. It simply could not be more annoying to open up each app without any ability to "simply close it". Blackberry went out of their way to break people's heads on this one. For example when using a calculator, once youre finished u must swipe upwards to turn it into a smaller little window,, and itll stay there to nag you until steam blows out your ears and u simply HAVE to press the  tiny little x to close it. There are no buttons like "home" "back" or "apps" to quickly change to different applications from any screen. So going from 1 app to another becomes a tedious chore that will drive you mad. But that's not all! Blackberry was kind enough to lock in their network settings feature, so even the unlocked versions you cannot easily change the APN for your particular carrier. Theres a whole process of doing it all through visiting some specific blackberry webpage. I could go on about how this phone does not even compare to the functionality of htc and motorola phones from way back in 2011, but its not even worth it. This company is done... and even if they continue trying, they will get wiped out like Sumatra. A small percentage of the market may continue to use them for the physical keyboards, but even that is becoming a thing of the past. So I will end this note with a simple GoodBye to Blackberry,,, forever.

I BOUGHT THIS PHONE ONLY TO REALIZE IT HAS A FACTORY DEFAULT..THE MOUTH PIECE NOT WORKING AND I RETURNED IT TO AMAZON, A TOTAL OF $131 WAS DEDUCTED FROM MY MONEY BEFORE REFUND AS THEY CLAIMED IT WAS A RESTOCKING FEE.. SO BUY AT YOUR OWN RISK.

I bought this one for my wife she love's it very much, it work's well. she is always on it.

This phone is really great. I have no problems with it. It does however require a smaller SIM card, so I had to go to my carriers store and get a new one and that took about 15 minutes. The camera isn't as great as I thought it would be.

perfec

Very good mobile, fast, very good camera (both), great OS, in general terms very happy with the purchase of mobile.Thanks!!!

Got this with a huge expectation. Although I'm mighty impressed with the software and interface, the BlackBerry hub, etc., the rebooting issue keeps haunting me. The phone is almost unusable. Half the time I'm unreachable because the phone is booting up and battery lasts hardly 3 to 4 hours due to booting up and down. Now people will understand why BlackBerry went down the drain. I am using this handset in India and they are not accepting the phone for service here stating that only phones sold in India will be serviced by BlackBerry India. When Apple and other companies are offering global warranty, BlackBerry is still stuck up in Stone age.

I am a fan of this brand and the phone is amazing, super fast and impressive software, very nice thank you!!!!!!!!!

I got my Z10 on April 2nd and so far I've enjoyed it very much. At first I had to learn its gestures and got hooked immediately. Now BIS (blackberry legacy internet service) is not needed and boy does it make a difference in download speeds! Updates to BB10 are coming fast and battery life is great for me: a full work day.The Hub is the modern implementation of the universal inbox and it's really amazing for productivity. Besides, exchange active sync integration as well as major protocols (imap, caldav, carddav) make it a breeze to have all your info in sync. Add a 32 or 64Gb card and you're in for music, pictures, videos and whatnot.

I bought this phone because by then I had not done my homework well, this phone is STL100-1 model and since i didn't do any inquiry  it was sent to me. even though i was expecting STL100-3, this phones has beaten my expectation, at first i was not getting 4G on T-mobile, but now I get it. my problem now is sometimes it over heats and this drains the battery within 2hrs, but now i have a solution to that. since blackberry has become part of me i will recommend everybody to buy one even if not this, another model as I'm looking forward to buying any new BlackBerry phone that comes out.

I bought this phone Dec 2013. I have network connections delay with it back then, but when it finally picked up the network connection i never turned it off, until yesterday 28th January 2014 because I was in a meeting. When I powered up the phone again...the screen locked.....I tried powering off....but the 1.2.3 shutting down that normally happens was not happening, neither was the phone shutting down. i had to remove the battery. After i replaced the battery, the phone got really hot.....after a long time it came up. I was able to enter the phone but i could get any window open. The hub screen was black, the setup screen was black.....couldnt get in anywhere. Then the battery started draining really fast. I took off the battery, let the phone cool, then put it to charge overnight. Got up next day phone is blank, no difference. Bought a new battery, phone is stuck on the blackberry logo.......I am truly truly dissapointed. I really should have returned it the few days after I got it when i was dissapointed with the network issue.

IT WAS JUST WHAT I WAS LOOKING FORI RECOMEND THIS PAGE TO BUY!THANK YOU AND HAVE A NICE HOLIDAYS!

I am an iPhone fan and was looking for a second phone. This, not having a hardware keyboard caught my attention. Its a great phone. I got a 32GB microSD.

I've owned and used Droid Incredible, Note 1, S3, iPhone 4s, multiple Windows phones. But, I don't have to use every phone ever made to know that Z10 is the best phone available.I'm so thoroughly enamored with BB10 after only one week of using it. I have an S3 through Verizon, but I bought a Z10 from Canada because I couldn't wait any longer. When I have to use my S3, I find it clumsy and slow and I'm not talking processor speed. I'm talking about the user interface (UI) I am constantly phantom swiping, then I realize I have to look for buttons/keys, etc. Why should I have to look around click the 'back' arrow a dozen times to get out of an app? Swipe up, it's minimized. Tap the 'X' if I've the urge, to close the app. I have 4, 6, 8 open at times with NO performance penalty.And how could I have possibly tolerated such an archaic method of communication as Android? I used to excitedly show my iPhone friends the notification center, and the tweeks of the notification center. Hahaha! Who, after using a BB10 device for a week or two, will ever accept anything less than the Hub? Here's my life to this point...closing the app I am in, opening the app that has the communication interaction (text, FB, LinkedIn, etc), responding in that app, closing that app, then finding and reopening the original app I was in? Serious? How much better is the Hub than anything else available? Infinitely better. Swipe up and over, respond without opening any other apps or closing the app you were in, return. Never again will I settle for anything less efficient.The virtual keyboard? Wow...I never thought I would love something as much as my brief encounter with the Bold 9930 physical keyboard, but this is nothing short of amazing. Stunning in look, feel, accuracy. It's beautiful and efficient and I love it. It even sounds amazing. I'm so fast and accurate and it has to be because of BB, because my fat thumbs aren't any more nimble when I use the S3.The browser? It SMOKES my S3's browser. I don't even understand how it can be as fast as it is? Why are Android and iPhone browsers so slow? And they have the address bar inconveniently located at the top?  Compare it to any browser on any platform. The videos are out there to PROVE it, but actually using it yourself is spectacular.Yes, every week another droid comes out with great specs and more cores, but it's the same thing over and over. It's the same clumsy, slow, inefficient UI. NO security. SPECS DON'T MAKE IT A BETTER PHONE! All it does is makes an impressive stat sheet. Do stat sheets make your day better? Does it make your life easier to have more cores? Is that what you begged for in your next phone?Yes, BB doesn't have all the apps yet. They will build them.  But, it's OS is something none of the others will have...ever.Google and Apple know they are behind now. Their browser and keyboard are woeful in comparison.  And they have NOTHING EVEN CLOSE TO 'Hub' and 'Balance.' Who would like to argue that? The the gesture based UI? I guess, that is a personal preference, and you could argue it, but try it for a couple weeks and then pick up the others. Wow, could they be any less elegant?Android and iOS will have to steal the 'Hub' and 'Balance'. They will have to patch sloppy hack code onto an OS that was built to play apps. For BB10 the OS was built with those things at it's heart. Security, communication, separation of work/play were afterthoughts for them. If Android and iOS have to copy many key components of BB10 OS....who is behind who? What is a better phone? A list of specs meant to 'wow' the geeks, or one that makes your day better and more efficient...a few seconds at a time, hundreds of times per day....

I'm not at all satisfied because the phone did not come unlocked, and is a problem to return it because the mailboxes Venezuela refuse to send tlf and not made responsible therefore find who unlocking is worth 3500 Bolivares Venezuelans, the change $ 555 to the price of $ 6.3 and yet have to do to keep the team. everything went as a result I lost and expensive for me.

Excellent

Z10 is very nice phone, with a lot of features including Work space, very nice functionality. Although, from time to time it hangs as with any other blackberry

Exactly what I want. I love this cell phone. I'm very happy to have it already on my hands. Excellent

EXCELENT PRODUCT I LOVE ITEXCELENTE PRODUCTO LA BLACKBERRY SE DESTACO A SER LA MEJOR CON ESTE EQUIPOLO RECIBI BUEN VENDEDOR

buenisimi

excelente todo

This is a great phone with a great mobile OS, I was unsure when I ordered it but I have no regrets after having it for awhile. Only con is the lack of apps but they will come in time. Blackberry will give Apple, Google and Microsoft a run for their money.

very sleek model from Blackberry. very handy and simple features. great phone to use. cost effective alternative to iphone and other equivalent handhelds

I had a lot of different cellphones like the iPhone 4 and 4s the blackberry curve, the gs3 and many more. At first I was look at the 5s but then I saw the z10 and it was half the price and it was about the same and then to now its working good enough I would recommend u to buy it

I complain earlier but have not heard anything.The battery is not working properly and I have charge it every night.I want to return but no one responded.This is not the first time I bought phones from this company but I am really disappointed with this one.I should just gone for a brand new.The black berry world is not working and I cant down loan anything.I old BB bold is working much better thant this one.I need to return it for a replacement or my money back.

BlackBerry Z10, worst BlackBerry of 12 I have owned.Slow performance, un-intuitive, sub-standard screen, poor battery life, and worst of all: not a really a Blackberry.If you are switching and want to avoid Apple, go for Samsung or Sony.

This model I received was the STL100-1 and worked great except that the contacts where not populating not even if I manually added a contact. To fix I had to do an update (10.2.1) on the phone which took about 2 hours. Once this was done, contacts populated properly.

perhaps not related to a retailer but i couldn't install stocking apps, viber and regular skype whereas my friend had viber installed on his same software update of BB. The retailer doesn't offer prepaid postage for return. Happy that I got rid this phone off.

I came from a IPhone 5 due to it being very boring and basic. Apple has had the same look for years and then they came out with the new IOS 7. I thought it was a very great new upgrade to the phone, only to find out that it was the same features and looks as before. Just more colorful. Overall, very basic. I came across the BlackBerry Z10. I have had a BlackBerry Tour in the past so I thought it would be a giant step in the right direction to the right phone. I thought right! It is everything I was looking for and much more!!! I daily find new features everyday! The expandable memory, keyboard that works to YOUR texting style, you name it! And best of all, there are downloadable themes! No longer stuck with the same basic theme like my crappy iphone. BlackBerry continues to make great phones. This is a must buy!!!

The Z10 is an easy to use device, what makes this phone stand out if the fact that it is now the only smart phone with a Web browser that has flash player. With the range of frequencies this device supports I have yet to experience a dropped call or slow data speeds. The on screen keyboard is also a huge pro to using a blackberry device as it is responsive yet accurate. In other words every word isn't unintentionally replaced by auto spell. Battery life is average but you can physically remove the battery should you need a new one. My only gripe or con is the current lack of apps through the blackberry world store, with that being said check into side loading and the benefits it has til blackberry catches up.

I had purchase this phone for my sister and she's crazy inlove with it. I would hightly reccomend this phone.

You need to rethink what all the stores and people say about BlackBerry phones because the Z10 smokes any phone you want to put it up against. And if if you don't think so, you don't own one or are listening to what they push so check it out for yourself. If you do you will agree with me. Oh by the way the z10 also runs BlackBerry apps as well as andriod apps so rethinking what you thought you knew is a good idea.

Good service, fast and came on time. This product is what I expected to be. For sure, I will recommend it

I don't know if Blackberry has a future or not, but technically I like this cellphone very well, and it seams to be a very good product.I am using the cellphone in Peru without problems.I recommend the product to the people that remain loyal to Blackberry.

[...]Completely false. Benchmarking of the two processors side by side has shown that the qualcomm processor is actually a drip SLOWER than the Texas instruments processor. In addition, the fact is that ALL of the z10 Models WILL WORK on ALL networks....but LTE will not be achieved on a GSM network with a cdma phone. Namely, ONLY the Verizon model will achieve LTE speeds on verizon networks. It will achieve 3g or 4g on tmobile/ATT.

Far away the best mobile phone that I got ever. I use it in Colombia and it works very good.

I'm a Blackberry Bold 9900 owner who just went from switching from to the Z10, to back to the 9900.The Z10 is beautiful phone, larger screen than an iPhone but not so huge that it's like walking around with a clunky, mini tv monitor.It's sleek, light weight and the screen resolution is beautiful. I really love the screen's UI.The virtual key pad is big and easy to use (I had far fewer typos using it than I did trying an iPhone).The gesturing on the phone takes some getting used to, because it's initially not intuitive (you definitely need to go online and read the manual), but one could master it easily and become quick enough with it over time.The Browser totally rocks compared to the OS 7 BlackBerrys and is probably faster than the iPhone.All of the reports that the phone constantly reboots, is just rubbish. The phone worked fine without any issues or hang-ups.But Blackberry seems to think that all anyone wants, is a phone for music, games and YouTube, because that's where it seems to end, if you own a BlackBerry primarily for business use.Gone from OS 10 are the features that are a legacy of BlackBerry and made BlackBerry popular with business owners.Out is the BlackBerry Desktop Software with the intelligent, adjustable feature, "Selective Sync".In is the BlackBerry Link with sync options only for iTunes, Photos, Video and Documents (that's apparently all of your Document Folder).No Calendar options and No Contact Options are shown.I had to speak with technical support on the phone for to find out how to sync those two and then there are two disappointing problems (for me) there.Calendar:Out is being able to sync an Outlook calendar from your PC or an iCal from  your Mac. Not being able to sync those to the phone, was standard with the 7 OS.In is copying your Calendar from your computer to the Cloud and pasting them into your Z10 Calendar from there.The ability to sync those calendars via the BlackBerry Link, "wont be available until later this year" (As told to me by a BlackBerry tech and reported in numerous forums).Contacts:Out is the intelligent organization of your contacts via categories (ex: Legal, Manufacturers, Dealers, Employees, Shipping, Friends, Family, etc.).In is your contact list being limited only to "All" or "Favorites".Speed Dialing:Out  is One touch speed dialing via single key pad assignment for frequently called phone numbers (ex: Key 2 for a supplier A, Key 3 for your Office, Key 8 for a Family member and so on.)In is: Gesturing to your Contact folder and scrolling down through All of your contacts or Scrolling to your Favorites (limited to 10) and scrolling through those and pressing on their name to call them.Unlike pressing a single key to make a call (as with your voice mail) neither of those options is something that you can do safely while driving.Phone Calls:Out is disconnecting on a call or dismissing a call while in any screen.In is gesturing back to the calling screen to disconnect or dismiss.Search:Out is universal search from the Home page.If none of the above bothers you, but you are a person who only likes to type on a hard key pad, then you should wait for the Q10.Unfortunately, if the use of BlackBerry's legacy features (as mentioned above) are more important to you for running your day to day business, than cropping photos and making videos, then neither phone will work for you at this time.And forget about visiting the BlackBerry forums or any other support group to get answers, you'll only be treated like an idiot and flamed by the BB employees that run them or post in them.

Disappointed. Looked ok, but line constantly dropped calls. Not as easy to use as older model blackberry.  Too bad for this phone.

The only problem I have with it,it won't connect to 3g,I live in Honduras and it is made for Verizon.

I work for a big telecom operator and doesn't like itunes but like the marketing from apple. So almost 5 years ago I worked and tested android in the early days and buying after iphone an android 1.6 Mobile LG but chance it after few months for a Samsung Galaxy S, S2 and HTC ONE+ but at work I had to test Blackberry 10 for our network and BES10 and I fall in love with Blackberry 10 and get set to buy a HTC ONE. I tested the Z10 and Q10 before it was even launched and after a few days my android phone feels outdated.. Blackerry 10 was strange for a hour but it was so good and easy to work and  handeling an android phone seems odd to use so I bought the blackberry 10 OS which i like because it give me the same feeling when i used the first time android 1.6. in android i saw the future but these days BB10 with 10.2 in front is beyond android/ios but you must feel and see it.Good things I like to use is playing mp3 by wifi 2 my surround blueray player or watch photo's/movies i made on my tv and also with wifi. I also like the wificonnection with my computer so that i can easily send and mp3 album to my phone. I love the keyboard the most because typing in English, dutch and Deutsch is soeasy that it almost know what i want to write. The HUB where all your sociale media and mail traffic comes in one place where you can reply is the best and better than on windows 8.  BBM never used but some friend and abroad in Asia, US, Europe and Australia using it and i love to see the D of delivery but most more the R of Read and that is great because you can not find this on whatsapp which has more server problems then BBM it seems. The App store with 250K apps is enough and there are alternative apps ands sometimes beter then the apps I used.So far after 6 months I can say BB10 it's the best platform OS (software) I ever used on a smartphone.

this phone is great,touch screen is grt,but the battery dies to fast,so am looking for a back pack extended life battery.

I just picked one up and I LOVE IT!! This device has the best touchscreen keyboard I have ever used and after a bit of learning the phone is very intuitive.  I have owned an iPhone 4S and Samsung Galaxy Nexus and I like this phone much better.  My wife even wants one now..  The only issue is that it is missing some of the big name apps, but I have no doubt that they will appear in the next 6-12 months.

I bought 2 of these phones and I love them. They are quite impressive for blackberry. I have to admit I was not expecting to like this phone but I love them. However one of the phones just stopped working overnight as I left it to charge. Very disappointing.

No me puedo quejar es de largo el mejor tel&eacute;fono que he tenido en mi vida r&aacute;pido y con las mejores funciones

I ORDER 2 .... ONE CAME FINE BUT NO HEADPHONES, THE OTHER WAS BROKE NEVER TURN ON, AND I HAVE TO SEND ONE BACK!!!!!!

I got this Z10 phone to replace my old Blackberry Bold and I was very pleased with the features, look and feel until I went to my service provider to have the data plan transfered. This STL100-2 I received would not connect to their network. I am not able to expound on the technical details and will emphatically state that the inability to get the data plan transferred was not due to any faulty features of the phone but was due to the provider.Buyers beware! Check with your phone service provider before purchasing to ensure that this model will connect to their network, be it 2G, 3G or 4G.The touch key pad will take some getting used to. Images and video were quite vivid with wifi. The tutorial app is very  helpful for newcomers to the Z10. So buyers choose well and enjoy the Z10 experience.

It does everything I was expecting it to. And more. I bought one for my wife and she loves it. I will recommend it. BlackBerry Good Job.

Very satisfied with this purchase. The phone itself (OS, design and layout, speed, memory and other features) is great. Great storage space and the option to expand.Cons: When I first received it I was disappointed to see that it had verizon's logo all over it (advertiser didn't specify that). It was unlocked as specified but I couldn't use data services due to locked (verizon) APN settings. However, this was resolved with an OS upgrade. Finally, if I'm running an app (especially a high graphic game) the surface of the phone gets hot to the touch and making a call can be uncomfortable.

I am using the Blackberry Z10 from over a month now, must say this is a awesome cell phone.My last cell phone was a Nokia N9 and this is the perfect next cell phone as both are swipe.SIMPLY THE BEST OUT THERE PERFECT SIZE AND FAST !!!!!

I'm using Z10 more than half a year now. This phone is perfect, no other word for it. Quick, fluid, intuitive interface. Predictive (and adaptive) input is brilliant (I am using it with multiple languages). Real multitasking. Working with big files (presentations, spread sheets) - fast and flawless. Screen size and resolution - spot on! Camera - just right. Need better resolution and quality for your pictures? buy a digital SLR :)Shortly after writing this comment, I was out with my family for a weekend without my PC or pad. I had unexpected urgent tasks from the office, including an excel spreadsheet and a presentation. This phone was my only tool to get the job done quickly. I was using e-mail, cloud file storage etc etc. I did everything easily and quickly. Thank you Blackberry. Really wish this company to recover and continue making really smart tools for really busy people.

It's great from mango wireless. Brand new phone with unbeatable price and at a great sale. I love to buy more products from u in the future

I have upgraded from a Torch to the Z10, and it is just awesome, I like the new features and the picture quality is great.

GOOD AFTERNOON WILL WRITE TODAY, BECAUSE I HAVE ONE WEEK I RECEIVED A PHONE THAT EQUIPMENT ACQUIRED THROUGH AMAZON PAGE OF THE DAY APRIL 10, 2014 AND THE SAME DAY FROM THE UNIT HAS BEEN PRESENTING CELL FAULT WITH ON (GOES SOLO, OR SOMETIMES LIGHT) A PART OF ALL THIS WINE ALSO DAMAGED THE OPERATING SYSTEM

Three stars due to false advertised info. The phone sold by &#34;Inferno Market&#34; and &#34;BREED&#34; is sub model stl100-1 which does not support 4G LTE on AT&T.

The Z10 feels great in the hand. the swiping gestures take a few minutes to get accustomed to, but once you figure it out, it becomes so natural.The keyboard is hands down, the BEST virtual keyboard on any touchscreen phone. The more you use it, the better it gets. I don't even bother typing with 2 hands because 1 handed typing it so efficient and fun with flicking words. The word prediction works great too.Highly Recommended. Get your Z10 now!

great phone gave it as xmas gift and it is loved The person had a BB9650 he is so happy asking himself why in the world he was still using the 9650.received in great condition unlocked and works fine thanks

I really like the size of the screen which allows me to see more detail information, I like it because it allows me slim better handling. I like that it is unlocked because I can use it in Venezuela with Movistar operator.

I just love this phone...!! Will write a full review later.... It's just smooth, fast, responsive and the keyboard is the best thing ever....

I got this phone used. It was heading up, and it was scratched. I am not sure, haven't tried using it, because the first time I restated it, it was stuck on this &#34;connect to a computer&#34; screen and I couldn't' get passed that point turning it back on.

Its a fast device. The battery last the  whole day. Blackberry has to add mor&eacute; AppStore.Jos&eacute; j la riva

bought the Z10 as a replacement for my Nexus 4, which was a good phone, and I was still blown away by this thing. Most of the important apps are either on the Z10, coming soon, or have really decent web apps that you can make desktop shortcuts for. Anyways, the screen is the best I have ever seen on a mobile device, and that includes the iPhone 5.

This is the most worthless cell phone I have ever had! Don't get one or you'll be sorry! Hard to use, hard to like!

Buena la atenci&oacute;n al ofrecer la venta. El equipo llego antes de lo pensado y muy bien protegido. Paso la prueba hasta de llegar a Venezuela

the phone is good but please don't buy from PVCS!!!!! it is a terrible idea and the biggest mistake of my life.I thought that it was sold with the case and since it wasn&#34;t I tried the phone and after a couple of days i saw on amaezon that it was 634 dollars (I bought it for 749) so I decided to send it back to receive a refund from the purchase and buy it from another person.After a week not an answer from them so I send an email asking them when would I be able to receive my money back and they told me (after more than a week they had the phone) that I broke the phone, the battery was out of the phone and caused damage to the phone, they had to repair it and apparently it costs 185 dollars for a battery!!! ahahah besides the fact that it is not true, if something like that happens, they should have sent an email on the monday when they received my phone, not a weel after this monday when I sent them an email (I am sure they would have never send an email otherwise)Then, confused, they said that actually it is a restoring fee that is reasonable and it is 25% of the amount of the purchase!!! Incredible!!! so like that in one week -185 dollars, I received then 562 wich is below what I should have and also below the price to buy a new one, I have to ad extra money for another one!!!I sent a lot of emails and they are rude, not helpfull and they just want to still people!!!I filed a A to Z claim and surprisingly they didn&#34;t not said to Amazon that it was because of the battery but the restoring fee.Amazon denied my claim!! total BS!Amazon did a crapy job also in this situation. So if you are sure that no matter what you will  never get back th phone, go for it, otherwise you are dead!!! Besides other company sell the Z10 cheaper than PVCS!!! save you money and time!!if you want more informations, please feel free to contact me at houtime@hotmail.fr, I'll be happy to ak all the questions you may have! the story is priceless!

Moving over from an Iphone 5 after I lost it. I have been nothing but happy with the blackberry Z10. Formal day to day business activities are accelerated and simplified on the platform.Viewing .PDF's, Excel documents, etc. are substantially better on the Z10. Voice/Camera is comparable to current generation phones so you won't be gaining but you won't be missing out.Where this phone excels is with the typing and day to day activities. Responding to e-mails, sending messages, browsing the web, notifications, etc is where I find it to be better then it's competition.Excited for what future generation phones they will continue to develop on this platform!

Great phone once you can side load apps.1 Mobile makes it easy to side load most android apps. Amazon.

I've been a faithful Blackberry user for many years, but also used a Samsung Note II.  I can tell you that the Z10 experience is amazing and this is why.- phone is minimalistic and symbolizes the core nature of the phone, it's not about the hardware, it's about the things you can do with this device- perfect size and weight of the phone, as well as rubber backing, allows for easy single and two finger typing- screen size and resolution is great for both leisure use and business functions (for me, it's email and news)- word prediction is smart and builds on your typing behavior, so that someone like myself that's been using a qwerty keyboard adapted really quickly to a touchscreen keyboard- the Activation frames and Hub, feels as if you're not confined by a device, but able to process and move around the thoughts in your head; it's fast and able to multi-task effectively- stable OS which I haven't had to do any re-boots (over the last two weeks of use)- multimedia features are far more sophisticated than the previous models and while they may not be the best in market, it's more than enough for most people's needs- there are numerous shortcuts and tips for how to optimize your experience, and that learning process is actually quite fun;  contrary to my Notes II, these tips are not gimmicky (e.g. tapping the top of my device), but more simply about communicating efficiently.- some of the software that it comes with have been so useful and fully integrated into the OS experience such as Box (free for 5MB)and linkedin.- quite durable, dropped it a couple of times from my nightstand onto a hardwood floor, not a single blemish or malfunction.

Blackberry Z10  give me a huge advantage over other cellphones; nice desing and powerfull perfomance with signal, internet use and social media apps

best option for business phone, solid simple and works. the hub is good, also navigation is easy. i was kind of annoyed when i found they still don't support skype but heard its coming.

Worst product ever. Used, fingerprints, battery at 12% when opened, box has obviously been opened before and has scratches, the case was partially open and no screen protecter that is supposed to be on the screen of the phone when bought. Terrible

I had a blackberry 9900 bold before this one, which also had a touch screen.  This phone is nice but I do not have the same communication speed I had with the bold.  I miss the touch type track ball and the full keyboard.  Not having either of those has slowed me down considerably when replying to emails and text messages.  I also don't like how it has to remain on in order for the clock alarm to work.  My bold did not need to remain on.  The larger screen and applications are much better.  Its a better phone if you need to look at larger images or documents and you are a blackberry person.  It will take you some time to get used to the functionality of this device if you've been a bold or curve phone type user.  If you feel you need to catch up with the times, this phone is a good switch if you are an avid blackberry user.

i bought a STL-1 one ,and use it in china.if the battery could last more long time&#65292;the phone will be a perfect one.

it is neat an classy, good size, works very good, want another one soon,thank you very much. will recommend it to others.

First of all, I got mine from TMO under a business account.  Though I think that my first hand experience with the phone should be helpful for those of you buying this phone from Amazon.After weeks of use, here is what I gather for both major Pros and Cons.Pros:1. OS - The new Hub, Peek and Flow are superbly implemented. It may feel weird at first, but it takes no time for me to master my phone. The phone runs fast and doesn't get hot under heavy uses. It gets slightly warm though on the back.2. Browser - This is the fastest I have seen till date. It has flash player which you can enable or disable. With my unlimited 4G data, I have been able to watch series or movies from HBO GO in HD quality! It is a little bit difficult to move through the web, but doable.3. Look and Feel - This can be subjective. I personally feel that it looks modern, light and has very sleek slim profile.4. Quality - It is made of mostly plastic, which doesn't bother me. Though the plastic material doesn't feel cheap when hold in my hands. The screen resolution is the best in the market right now. However, the color saturation, contrast, etc may not be the best. Though I don't think human eyes can perceive any significant difference.5. Virtual Keyboard - I can't believe that I could end up liking the phone as I tried iPhone since those old days. I couldn't get myself to use it even when I tried the newer one like 4S or 5. Even on the new Android, I got frustrated all the time using its virtual keyboard.Z10 keyboard software is the best right now in the market largely due to its words auto correction ability. I just couldn't believe that I can type almost as fast with hardly any mistakes with Z10 virtual keyboard. The word flicking feature is such an icing on the cake!6. Removable back cover - Well, most of these days modern touch screen smart phone doesn't have this. With Z10, you have option to use a back up battery when you need it. In addition, you could use up to 64GB sd memory card though you will need to set up the card in a correct way before Z10 will accept the card. Otherwise, by default Z10 will take up to 32GB sd memory card.7. Call quality and Reception - Well, the most important feature about the phone is to make and receive calls! So far the calls have been very loud and clear. It is easy to use. A few things I don't like is that I can't seem to be able to copy number from the web and paste it onto call window to make a call! Also, I do hope that TMO bring OS update to add WiFi calling features soon.....There are more, but I should move on...Cons:1. Apps - Not much there. But I only a short list, which is Skype, Instagram, Watch ESPN and HBO GO. Yes, on EPSN and HBO GO, I can use desktop web browser and make it work. However, having these apps would make my life a lot easier. Then I can stop borrowing my wife iPhone from time to time to watch sport games :-)2. Customization - The notable one is notifications. With older Blackberry, you could set a profile where your ringtone for phone and/or SMS, BBM, etc will ring at different level. That is gone! Also, there is a slight glitch where when I set my phone to "Phone Call Only" it stops my virtual keyboard sound. Sometimes it does, sometimes not. Well, in short, I can do way more on this notifications customization with my older Blackberry than my new Z10. Perhaps there will be an app for that!!!3. Email - This supposes to be the strongest feature of any Blackberry devices. However, gone is the ability to store emails on your device more than 30days - what gives!Yes, you can search the server on certain email protocols, but I know many colleges who won't use Z10 because of this. Well, they love to keep email on their phones 2-3 years way back.I know that this 30 days email sync is similar to many other phone platforms, but why removing one of its strongest features! I do hope that it will be fixed with OS update to be able to archive email on device of memory cards soon.In summary, I highly recommend the phone if you aren't rely heavily on apps.The battery is not the best thing, but is on par with the likes in the market - but with ability to swap out a back up battery.You should find it very easy to learn and master this phone in less than a week.I am sure though that given the time, apps can only improve as user base grows. Well, Black is Back!

It is just the best phone I ever had. It is easier to use than other Smart phones. Working excellent in Costa Rica.

This is STL100-1. It has the Texas Instruments Processor, not the faster Snap Dragon (as in STL100-2, STL100-3, STL100-4).The seal on the original box was broken. Phone was brand new and packaged well and included all accessories.

Tradewind International's seller page makes clear that this Z10 is manufactured for use on AT&T.;  And, it comes in an AT&T; box and has an AT&T; logo on the back.  I checked with Tradewind prior to purchase and they were very helpful in helping me to understand that their Z10 was an AT&T; Z10.I use the Consumer Cellular / AT&T; network.  Although Consumer Cellular is reluctant to confirm that Blackberrys work on their system, AT&T; does offer Blackberry phones.  The Z10 uses the OS 10.2. operating system, different from earlier Blackberry phones, and so, can be fully functional on a network like that of Consumer Cellular - as my two are.However, not all Z10s are the same even if they are the same model and advertised as &#34;unlocked&#34;.  One must be very careful to chose a version that will work on the network they intend to use.The first Z10 I bought through Amazon worked perfectly and was fully functional.  The second, which was the same model, did not.  That phone did not allow the APN to be set and saved and, therefore, mobile data service was not available although everything else worked fine.  I returned that initial second purchase and Amazon was very, very accommodating and replaced it with the Z10 from Tradewind.  That one also works perfectly.Amazon seems to feature specific seller each day.  But, when clicked on, that listing also shows what other sellers also have a Z10.  If information is not available on the Amazon  listing for a seller as to which network the Z10 is manufactured for, then I suggest you email the seller as I did.  Buy a Z10 only from a seller who will tell you what networks their Z10 will work on.  As I said, I highly recommend Tradewind.  They were very helpful to me.

Very Happy with the Seller and Product

the phone over heated when it was charging and it came on once and never after that. must say i was disappointed in my purchase.

The phone has surprised my attempt.it s really a good choice.i will always recommand u dis seller.thx i appreciate it

I don't like this phone and I seriously want to return it. It has too many security features and when I put my in my German sim card it would not accept it.

I bought this phone for her birthday to replace her old blackberry storm. She spent the entire week just telling me how great it was,this phones covers all her expectations in a smart phone and more.

This purchase was an excellent choice and a great gift..,,I love it  and it's working perfect.  Thanks looking forward to more purchase.

i live in the caribbean and it connected easily to my local carrier. the device has not disappointed thus far.

Update 08/13/2013  Blackberry the company, is FOR SALE as very few like to buy their new Smartphone's like Z10, Q10 !!! as stated Monday Aug 13, they are looking for an easy way out and is selling....I am thinking there may not be a buyer for they should have done this quietly cause this will make their customers nervous about blackberry's future...Analyst saying Blackberry may go private but this is a very very bad sign, meaning Blackberry may want to die quietly without any press coverage while it is disposing all its valuable asset..Yuckkkkkk.... For those who did not listened to me you might as well trade your blackberry Z10 Q10 Q5 with iphone, Samsung or nokia Smartphone's while it still has some value left on it. You don't want to have a piece of junk  months from now cause THERE WILL BE LESS AND LESS APP'S AVAILABLE FOR THIS SMARTPHONE and expect more BUG'S because app's developers might become lazy in updating their existing app's running on BB10 knowing that this company may go under in the future. Besides blackberry employee are for sure very demoralize as they see their future dwindling and many maybe looking for other jobs. I was thinking talented employee's of blackberry many of them maybe leaving or looking for other job. So my friends and co-consumer BE WISE and save your hard earned monies. My belief is there will only be 3 major Smartphone OS in the future and they are Apple OS, ANDROID AND WINDOWS. So if you like your investment in technology and knowledge relevant in the future just concentrate on these 3 Smartphone OS and I am pretty sure your investment will not put to waste.Update 6/19/2013....Huge markdown at Costco looks like this device is not selling well...From the original upfront cost of $200 with contract, Costco is now offering this device at $50 with contract. is this a markdown of 150 dollars in just a period of less than 3 months in the US market.. sorry for those who bought this product and paid $200 with contract.Below is my original post:Tried this many times but the problem is there are very few good Apps for this blackberry new operating system, Most Apps are google apps emulated softwares design primarily for android so future updates and performance is an issue. Developers has anemic support for this new Blackberry operating system so I don't see future development of popular apps for this smartphone, I don't see any reason to spend so much money for a smartphone like BB10 if only you will use it for text messaging, voice and few apps. Some functionality are also buggy (With bugs), battery is not good enough to last if you browse a lot. Maybe be if they lower the price below $100 as compare to other smartphone with the same feature as this I may consider, I think paying more than $600 dollars for this phone is a waste of monies . Buyer beware cause this operating system may not last just like other new smartphone operating system without application developers support. Companies are starting pilot testing to convert from Blackberry to Iphone and Android smartphone so I think it is better to invest in the future and learn new technologies than stick with this new operating system that don't have support of major developers and popular tech companies like Microsoft, Netflix, facebook, google etc. Take note that if you buy this smartphone facebook, Netflix and other popular apps is not supporting and developing apps for this smartphone so you may regret spending a whooping $600 plus for smartphone like this.Buyer specially current user of blackberry should also realize that this new blackberry is totally different from the old blackberry phone they have before, this one has new operating system, functionality and features, so effort in learning how to use this is similar to learning how to use the much popular smartphone like iphone, android and even windows phone. Iphone, android and even windows are tested and with strong big hi-tech company support and application developers support, so why not spend your effort in learning popular and tested smartphone instead of spending so much money for this new blackberry smartphone that I for sure will be gone in the future. Without developers and big hi tech company support this new blackberry operating system will be gone in next couple of years.I am updating this review for I already decided which smartphone I will buy please read:No blackberry home button. Many are complaining that Z10 Freezes a lot, especially when using AppsAs I am evaluating Smartphone cause I am planning to upgrade from my old iphone 3gs (almost 4 years old) I am evaluating Smartphone based in blackberry, iphone, android and windows 8. That is why due to hype about this device, I initially considering buying BB10 Z10 tried many times to test it and see its worth. My budget is between 500 to 800 dollars. As I am reading reviews, trying the product myself and even went to blackberry website about Z10 complaints well there is a lot of them mostly operating system, hardware and software related. One thing that's get my attention is the blackberry Z10 having no home screen button, this is important because since many of blackberry apps are not develop and optimize for its operating system but is originally for android if the apps freezes (Due to bugs or outdated software) there Is no way for a user to go back to the home screen but to reset the Z10. Since this is most likely to happen a lot of times as the apps really not optimize for new blackberry operating system resetting devises and waiting for it to boot is very stressing. The maps for Z10 is useless my wife has the old BB7 and she hated it, her company provides it so she has no choice, but this year her company is pilot testing iphone so maybe this year or next year they will convert. I think blackberry should lower the prize of Z10 to less than $100 for the consumer to get fair price since you can most likely use Z10 or Q10 for texting, instant messaging, voice and internet browsing. Close to $700 for Z10 is very expensive considering that you can buy old iphone and android phone with the same capability plus good ecosystem, good popular apps are available and gadgets integration for less than $100. Do you know that you can get iphone 4 and 4s for free if you sign a two year contract with the carrier? This is much better than paying $200 for Z10 with poor selection of apps, close to isolated ecosystem, face with a lot of bugs since it has the new operating system and softwares, dismal apps developers support etc. One more thing, this blackberry phone same as the old one is difficult to dispose cause you can't sell them or give it to your kids they will not accept it and you will end up throwing wasting monies, this may holds true with this Z10, no apps developers support, no big hi tech company backing/supporting it most likely this new operating system will be gone just like the others. My research is over and will buy the new iphone or Samsung galaxy S4. My son is more than willing to get my old iphone 3gs but I am thinking about just using my old iphone as navigational device with Magellan apps for iphone (take note many good apps for navigation is not available for blackberry). I am sharing my review and research so that others will not waste money buying expensive smartphone. For now I believe considering the future direction of modern technologies like good ecosystem, integration, device manufacturers support it is better to buy smartphone based in apple IOS, google android and Microsoft windows 8. Don't waste your hard earn monies buying other smartphone cause they may be gone in the future, if the price is less than $100 go ahead cause that is just like buying a regular good cellphone for texting and voice.

Simple word.. Worst Phone ever. No much apps . Apps wont work properly.OS sucks.Some features are good .. but no need to buy for those features.

I was getting tired of my iphone so when my contract was up I got this phone and omg I have had so many problems with it it's not even funny I have had this phone for I think 2 months now (might be 3) and I have gone through 3 of them already plus I had to get a new battery (which I explain below).Problems I have been having:- Had to restart it twice, once because everything on the screen got really wide and big and the 2nd time was some of the apps quit working- I have had to replace the battery because the battery would only last 4 hours (fully charged)- Have problems with the wifi it keeps going on and off, I know it's not my internet connection because I tested the wifi connection on another electronic I have to see if it would shut off and it didn't.- Overheats: I know a phone will get warm when you use it but mine was just laying there on my end table wasn't using it at the time and it was very warm, I also read on the blackberry message board that people are having the same overheating problem as me.So if you are thinking about getting this phone don't just save yourself the hassle and get a phone that will actually work

THROUGH THIS MANIFEST MY CONCERNS TO ACQUIRE THE CELL IN PURCHASING YOUR ELECTRONICS STORE, HE ACQUIRED THE BLACKBERRY FEATURES Based on the Z10 STANDING IS COMPATIBLE WITH PLATFORM AND I CAME 4G LTE MODEL THAT COMES WITH NO ESA STL 100-1 PLATFORM IS THAT I SEE WHAT YOU PAY FOR CHEATING SO DESCRIBED BY MANDA BAG IF POSSIBLE NEED AN EXPLANATION OF VENEZUELA AM THANKS

I can't for the life of me understand why Blackberry has struggled so much and can't seem to sell these BB Z10 phones, taking a write down of almost $1 Billion on this phone in particular. I LOVE my Z10! It's lightning fast with the Snapdragon processor; the HUB is FANTASTIC! It's like my personal assistant in a virtual office, alerting me when texts, e-mails and anything else of importance need my immediate attention. I've synced all my e-mails to the phone, I added my Twitter account, linkedIn, etc. and that beautiful red light (the one EVERY BB owner knows about and loves to see blinking) tells me when the phone must be picked up. Screen size is great for watching movies but I must say, there's a learning curve in understanding how this phone works, with it's swipe ups and downs, sideways swipes and getting a feel for how it all meshes together. People have gotten lazy and want their phones to be simple. Some of us are cerebral enough that we want a challenging phone to intrigue us. If you don't have time to learn how your phone works, then don't buy the Z10. I for one have no problem with using my God-given brains. They atrophy quite fast when not in use, you know? :)Phone has enough apps to make me happy for now. I'll be good to go when they add native apps for Amazon videos, Netflix, Hulu and Dramafever. I'm not CRAZY about apps that want to know every darn bit of information about you including your blood type, last person you dated and the size of your knickers. The Z10 allows you to put a bloody leash on these apps and deny them access to your location, serial and pin number and God-knows what else. Seriously, when an app is ostensibly "FREE", it really ain't if they're accessing all your personal information to mine for nefarious purposes. Okay, enough of my rant on apps. Needless to say, I keep my apps to a bare minimum and will delete any that demand to know my location, identifying information and pin # in order to work. That's why I hate whatsapp so much, even as I'm forced to use it. On the BB Z10, I'm able to put a muzzle on whatsapp's nosiness and still make it work. Couldn't do it on my last BB phone 'cos whatsapp refused to work until I gave up my whole resume.Back to the phone. Did I mention that I love it? Yes indeedy! I'm not interested in EVER purchasing a phone whose battery can't be removed by the end user. That's why you'll NEVER see me with an iPhone or the new BB Z30. Why Blackberry??? Who came up with that bright idea to make the battery on the Z30 non-removable? I'm seriously pissed about that; and bummed! Which reminds me, the Z10's battery life needs some  improvement. With the way I'm using it, my phone needs to be charged 2x a day but not for long thank God. I know the apps drain battery life but this area of the Z10 can be improved upon.The virtual keyboard is excellent! Very intuitive! It remembers what I type, including weird names and surnames and immediately proffers it again when I type another time. It has the Dropbox app already on the phone and I've synced it. Which means I have access to massive amounts of my Jazz and Classical music that I can use as ring tones any time and change at whim. I also purchased a 64 GB storage disk from Sandisk,B009QZH6JS(don't forget to have the Z10 re-format it or it won't work because of its capacity)so this baby has 80 GB of free rein (the 16 GB the phone comes with plus my extra 64). I do believe I have enough room to last me quite a while, no?Peeps, did you know that the US Defense Information System Agency (DISA) has given both the BlackBerry Z10 and Q10 the Authority to Operate (ATO) on the Department of Defense (DoD) networks, making BlackBerry the first Mobile Device Management (MDM) to obtain an ATO? Think about it when your phone gets hacked into, or you hear about all the other phones used by celebrities that routinely get hacked into. They all need BB phones; evidently. By the way, the phone comes with NFC technology, and y'all know it's a neat feature. Well ... I've turned that sucker off on my phone. I'm not interested in any persons unknown gaining access to my phone's contents by just placing a device next to it in a crowded public place and surreptitiously downloading stuff. A bit paranoid, I can hear someone saying? Yep, that's why I'm a Crackberry user, FOR LIFE! In fact, I'm thinking of purchasing more BB phones to add to my arsenal. I feel there are elements at work dedicated to the downfall of Blackberry, all because of the security features it offers to regular folks, not just those in power. Y'all think I'm crazy right? Pray for me! This move by the DISA is a great display of just how secure BlackBerry 10 devices are and a huge move by the DoD.I tell you, technology is a beautiful thing, and when it's firmly ensconced in a phone as capable as this one is, I for one, am a happy camper. Blackberry, you need to find a way to market this phone more. It's a great phone and not enough people know about it. That's a shame!

it scared me when i first received it since it wouldn't charge. but i realized it was a problem regarding the charger. Its a used unlocked verizon phone in very good condition. no scratch at all. i now have to cut my sim so it can fit. I bought from ANARCHY MOBILE.

at first everything that they said about the description doesn't match what i received.. it's wasn't new and there a scratch on the screen.. i want to return it but they doesn't allow me because the due date end..

This phone is very practical, looks cool, I like very much, but there are some Chinese software download not, like micro letter, hope you can update the software

This phone certainly is the best compared to that precede blackberry but its major limitation is the compatibility with programs available in the android operating system and the limited availability of programs and applications for the OS BB10. In particular I think its closest competitor (standard version of the Galaxy S3 or mini version) or its equivalent in other brands that use the android operating system 4.0 or higher, are much more versatile phones that BB Z10.

I didn't think it could be this good, but it really is - this phone truly takes it to the next level. Lightening fast, amazing screen, incredible keyboard (best touch screen keyboard on the market by far), with the ability to multi-task between applications and check your mail in the middle of an activity by using the intuitive peek and hub. It is so easy to use and the hardware is incredible. BlackbBerry is back!

Or *probably* everything you've been told about this phone is a lie. Why? Smartphone marketing is a brutal battlefield, and I kind of want to smack BB's marketing department upside the head for not getting the word out properly on the astounding awesomeness of this phone.***And yes, make sure you're buying the correct model. I have the STL 100-2, 100-3, or 100-4. I have 100-3.***I'm going to start from the beginning with the actual user experience and tell you what this phone does.I will also say I bought this phone from my carrier with admittedly serious doubts about whether it would be worth my money or if I should go back to another platform.The most important feature of the BB10 Operating System is the Hub.The Hub is a consolidated communications center. Add your email account(s), Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn(if you use that), and Evernote accounts. Now everything you use is all in one place. Calendar is integrated too. It's awesome. Go into the hub. Tap "compose." Choose your weapon - from any of the above mentioned accounts you added, and including text messages, etc. Pick your recipient(s). Type message using the awesome keyboard (which I'll cover later). Tap send.Done. No BS, just direct and easy messaging.I will warn you that FB defaults to importing everything like birthdays. I didn't like that, some people might. You can edit all that for each account you add.In an app like the full FB app? Need to do something in the Hub? Swipe up from the bottom bezel area to mid-screen, then to the right. You're in the hub. No hunting for messages, use the excellent search function. No switching between email and Twitter to find something, it's all right there. The app you were in stays open and running until you close it.Want to see only texts or emails or whatever? Tap "Hub" in the lower left or swipe to the right again, and pick the account you want to view. Done.Here's where it gets really interesting and important: when you are using a native "app" or a 3rd party one with Hub integration, things get really easy. Say you're surfing the web. You find an interesting web site you want to show your friend. What do you do? Tap the browser menu, tap "share," and pick your method (text, email, etc.) and recipient. BAM. Done.Just took an awesome photo? Same process... which also allows you to upload it to Facebook, etc.Sharing of your own files, photos etc. gets even cooler though. When working with a file on your phone (photo, a doc you typed, etc.), from the file browser (or direct photo browser if you prefer), you can Share via ANY account you have added (Twitter, FB, email, etc., as well as Bluetooth, add it to BB Remember, or the best: NFC. NFC is awesome and quicker, or at least I think so. Touch your NFC enabled phones together. File Transfers. Done.Which brings us to the "File Manager."What *can't* you do with this?? Nothing I've found so far. Move files (including between device and Micro SD Card), copy, rename, delete files, share files via the above outlined process (easy-peasy). ZIP Files into Archives for goodness sake. Unzip archives. Send said Archives via chosen method. Switch between "list" view and "tiles" view, whatever you prefer. Search. Sort. Browse. Whatever you want.Want Cloud backup? Integrated Dropbox. You can even tell Dropbox NOT to use the mobile network if you're concerned about data usage. Same for "Box." Holy cloud storage, batman!Active Frames: Basically, when you open an app, it stays open and live until you close it. Swipe right (to go to the left of your main/home screen), and they'll be there, hanging out and being awesome. Re-maximise it by tapping, or tap the "x" in the lower right hand corner of the app / frame to close. Done.Contacts: if your contacts are on a web email account, once you add the account, they will get imported. Got a few accounts? Adding Facebook? Worried about duplicates? Easy. My Z10 took care of merging most of them for me, but missed a few mostly because of my friends' propensity to use wacky names on Facebook. What do you do? Link them. Tap the contact, tap "Link," tap "add Link," select the right contact to "Link" (merge), and they get merged. No BS, no nonsense, it just gets done. You can apply the reverse process if you want to unlink contacts.Add multiple email addresses, phone numbers, physical addresses, all of your designation (home, work, other, etc).Set a specific ringtone to the person - but not just a ringtone; vibrate, LED, emails from that contact... all customizable. All from one place.Looking at that contact? Want to know what they've been up to? Tap "Activity" in their Contacts entry. Any and all activity from your phone relating to that person - emails, texts, phone calls, appointments from your calendar that list that person... all listed right there.Calendar: Pretty straight forward... or is it??Choose your view: Day, Week, Month. Search your calendar by name of event "subject," attendees/participants, locations, and even notes you put on the appointment.My personal favourite view is "Month." Why? The day you tap on shows your schedule... and here's where it gets cool: the busier you are on that day, the bigger the date number gets. Seriously. You will know at a glance just how busy you are, and of course your specific appointments are listed right there too.Keyboard: I was very leery of going back to a touchscreen keyboard. Boy was I wrong.This phone learns how you type. Seriously. If you say, keep hitting the "v" when you meant to hit "b", it will learn that. Heat sensors study where you tend to tap on the keyboard. The predictive text is not only an awesome approach but it is eerily smart. While typing, words will pop up on the keyboard. Type in the letter "Y," and above the "O" key will be the word "you." flick the word up towards the message. Basically, it draws logical conclusions based on language AND your personal language usage habits to determine that if the next letter you want is "e," this is likely the word you want. It gets smarter with more usage.Notifications / Ringtones: set profiles AND set separate tones for phone, email (each account), texts, etc. etc. Awesome.Camera: Rear facing 8mp with flash and 1080px 30fps vido, and other fancy stuff. Front facing is 2MP. Just go read the specs.The camera rules. No, I have not done extensive, multiple light level testing. What I have done is taken loads of photos of my friends and my dog, and even some nature scenery. I love it. Timeshift is really cool, it's not just a "burst" mode, it's more. Go watch a video, this review is long enough as it is.The screen of your BB10 has an unobtrusive permanent "bar" at the bottom that has Phone, Search, and Camera. Right there. No flicking around to find the "app."You can drag the focus to anywhere in the frame you want. You can set flash to off, auto, or on. You can choose the Scene mode (auto, night, etc.). The two things I find to be the best? You tap *anywhere* on the screen to take the photo, and the photo you just took is sitting in the lower left corner. Drag it up to "peek" at it to see if you got the shot you want, or tap on it to open the photo and access the editing/sharing capabilities.Photo editing and capabilities: Share photos as outlined above. Set as wallpaper. Edit photo with the built in photo editing suite which includes:Transform: resize, rotate, free resize or rotate, mirror, and crop with a handy perfect square shape option and predefined standard ratios;Enhance: Auto, remove red eye, brightness, white balance, contrast, sharpness, hue saturation, and noise reduction;Artistic: B&W;, Lomo, Antique, Sepia, Whiteboard, Watercolor, Negative, and SketchStyles: Beautify or "Big Eyes" (for detectable faces), "Sixties" (as in retro look), Grain, Aged Photo (looks like an aged photo taped into an album), Film Strip, Halftone (like an aged postcard), and Cartoon.Don't like what you just did? Tap the menu and hit "Undo _____" (one step undo available), or "Revert to Original." Or just Cancel the edit outright.Like what you just did? Save it. It will automatically save a copy so you don't have to worry about screwing up the original.Like it enough to share it? Share it in the above outlined method.If you got in here via the Camera, just tap on the back to Camera.StoryMaker: looks awesome. I haven't used it yet. Maybe I'll make one to torture the in-laws at the Holidays. Basically, you pick photos and or videos and music, and it mashes them all together in a pleasing manner - and you can edit specifics too.Browser: Nice and snappy. Built in sharing. Downloads are a breeze, and you select the destination folder and name right off the bat. Open links in new tabs. Copy link address. Share a page by just tapping "Share." "Save Link As" if you need to download something from  poorly coded websites. On that note, I have to say: if you find a website that doesn't work nicely, talk to the website. BB10 is FULLY HTML5 compliant. If the coders for the site you're looking at can't figure out how to be compliant with a worldwide standard, that's their fault.Bookmarks are managed via tags. I actually like that better than folders, but that's my opinion.Full Flash support. There is a YouTube app on the phone, but frankly it's kind of redundant what with the full Flash Support. Just go to the YouTube website. You're good.Security: Everyone has probably heard that not only has BlackBerry historically been the top for security. This is still true. I could launch into techno speak as to why, but I'll spare you that. For the daily home user, know this:You will have expected options like locking your phone with a password... or not. It's up to you. Set your default screen timeout as well as "lock" timeout.You have BlackBerry Protect built in. Lose your phone? Someone stole it? log on to BB Protect via the web and choose your path: Make your phone ring loudly and a lot. Make it display a message. Track it with the built in GPS. Worst case scenario: wipe it.BlackBerry Balance: if you're a Sysadmin, this is built for you. An employee will have two completely separate and compartmentalised profiles. One for work, where you can control anything you want, and when they go home at the end of the day, they log in to their personal profile and can use any apps they want look at adult websites for all you care.There is no crossover. None. Zero. Zip. Zilch. Nada. Company data stays where it belongs, and personal use does too.From your Home Screen, swipe down from the top to: Turn Bluetooth and WiFi on or off, lock/unlock screen rotation, access your alarm clock, bring up your notifications profile (normal, silent, etc.), or bring up the full settings interface.Organize your apps however you want. Make folders. Swipe to the right to see your active frames, and again from there to get to Hub (or as always, from anywhere you can swipe up to the middle then right to get to Hub).Maps: It just works. GPS. Voice Guidance. Avoid Highways, Toll Roads, etc. etc. Voice Search. It works nicely. I'm happy.Voice Control: Built in Voice Control to: make a call, send email, BBM, text, schedule an appointment, update FB Status, Tweet, LinkedIn... seriously please just go to the BlackBerry site and watch the videos. I will say it's not at 100% capabilities I had hoped for, mostly that it won't just tell me the weather. BUT, I have done all sorts of stuff with it (texting, email, searching, etc). Hold down the "mute" button on the right side of the device to activate voice control. Is it as good as the competitors? Maybe not, but darned close - and will presumably keep getting better.Screen/Display/Video quality. Gorgeous. Enough said.Battery Life: there were a lot of complaints when Z10 first came out. They may have been valid. 10.1 OS update fixed that, and I got the phone after that. I will say: when you install an app, go to "Notifications" then "Other Apps" in your Main Settings and make sure the darn app isn't constantly polling for updates. Just turn the stupid notifications off, unless you really really want it. Mine is set to only notify for FB and BB World. Also, this will not affect the Hub, so don't worry about turning notifications off.Secondly, when you get your phone, kill the battery fully then do a full recharge. This is standard for any phone. The battery has been sitting in a box for you don't know how long - days, months... just do this. It will help.Call quality. Excellent. No complaints. When you are on a call, if you take the phone away from your ear the and call screen automatically comes up so you can bring up the dial pad or tap for speaker phone. Speaker phone is really nice sound quality.***Bedside Mode and Alarm Clock*** If you are not a previous BB user, you may not know "Bedside Mode." Here's what you do when you go to bed: Bring up the clock either from the home screen app icon, or drag down the top menu from home screen and tap alarm(either works). Set your alarm - if you chose the analog clock, just drag the little blue button around the clock. Digital clock: tap where the alarm is displayed. Set accordingly. Then drag down from top bezel and tap Bedside Mode.-OR- if your phone is locked, just drag down from the top. You will automatically be in the Clock and Bedside Mode is automatically engaged.Bedside means all alerts are off. You can opt to have phone calls come through if you want (say if you're on call or something).Apps: I knew you were going to ask. To be completely honest, there isn't an app that I need/want that isn't available. I know, I know.... some of you want App X or App Y. Well, if it's that important to you, stick with another platform. Or... tell the App X to develop a BB10 app. Simple. BB10 apps are developed with programming languages any programmer worth their salt would know. So.... what's the problem?All in all, I'm actually really amazed.... that even with being a techno junkie I didn't know about even half of the awesome features of this phone that actually make a huge difference for day to day user experience... and...I love this phone. Love. Want to marry it. Sitting in a tree, K-I-S-S-I-N-G (ok not that part). LOVE IT.Questions? Ask me. I'll try to get to them as time permits.Just try it. Seriously. Just try it.

Blackberry Z10 16GB Unlocked GSM Phone with BlackBerry 10 OS, Dual-Core... its beautiful , but need more app, just so so.

Is really good phone specially with OS 10.2, i can't wait for OS 10.3!!!! And the apps are no problem!! you can use the APK of android....

Received unit and less than 3 months battery charge will not last 8 hours. Unit is always hot. I will contact Blackberry.

This phone has been great, for someone who's a blackberry loyalist and decided to venture to the S3, I am finding this phone so versatile,a bit iffy to use at the start but once you get the notion of 'functionality' as a blackberry, you will enjoy it a lot.  Nice size too to fit the palm, not heavy and quite chic too.

A great smartphone, my friend put down his Samsung  S4 to  start working with the Z10. The second Z10 that I buy from this site!

I bought this phone for someone else, but I do own one as well. I like this phone, no doubt; I'm not so much into millions apps, i'm more on the productivity side. No surprise except the model STL100-1, which is the 3G  only model. No big deal because 4G is NOT coming to the country where it is used now anytime soon...You will be frustrated if you are used to the android system (I used to have a galaxy nexus) because the only google support is synchronizing of e-mail / calendar /contacts, yes there is a a crippled Google talk and nice Youtube but need &#34;built for blackberry&#34; version. Not bad but sometimes, google video chat is convenient too for communication. Other google products suck as keep or google search are still missing.Here are some of the apps that came with it:  Docs to Go , File Manager, Print to Go Adobe reader, Remember (Evernote), Dropbox,  I added Camera Scanner, SIP.fm a very nice SIP app, NYTimes, The guardian, Sky scanner, Google Talk, Tube Map, The guardian, TuneIn radio, Skype...The battery life is OK, just slightly better that say my Galaxy nexus. Charging every couple days in normal use and everyday in heavy use. It has a better reception than my galaxy nexus for sure...I like the fact that the battery is user replaceable, and I think NFC is not on the battery but rather on the battery cover which is better in term of cost if you want additional battery.I like the BB OS 10, there are still lots of room for improvement (Hub on wake up screen for instance) but I do like the more professional side of it. Having both personal space and professional space (BB Balance) is just the best.I'm thinking of giving my phone to someone and get the Q10. I'm happy with the BB10.

My Primary phone is a Iphone 4S and I purchased this phone for an unlocked option when traveling internationally, as I have been a long time blackberry user, and still own a 9900, but could use the advantage of a larger screen.This is a great phone with great features, with you can take better advantage if the hole family or you have a lot of friends that are Blackberry users.The Only (and Mayor) disadvantage is its messing important apps, and there appears to be no apps by google (drive, maps, hangouts, etc), as i do have on my Iphone. Also i put them side to side and tried to find all the apps i use on a regular basis on my iphone and did not exist in the Blackberry world, if you dont use any apps other than Facebook, tweeter and Linkedin, this is the phone for you.

Dissapointing.  Be very careful when buying this phone,IF YOUR SERVICE IS NOT FROM VERIZON.After purchasing this phone and not being able to connect it to the internet, I started investigaing and just found out the Z10 comes in several models.  Only the STL100-1 and STL100-2 models work with ALL platforms out of Verizon.  The phone you will get is the STL100-4, so it does not work with many other providers across America and the Caribbean, such as Orange in the Dominican Republic.Be sure your company takes the model STL100-4 before you buy this phone or you might end up with a phone working 2G, which won't allow you to connect to the internet.THE SELLER SHOULD POINT OUT THIS IS MODEL STL100-4, and not sell it as an "unlocked" phone that will work everywhere with any telephone company.

Blackberry Z10 16GB Unlocked GSM Phone with BlackBerry 10 OS, Dual-Core Processor, 4.2" Touchscreen, 8MP Camera + Secondary 2MP Camera, Video, GPS, Wi-Fi, NFC, Bluetooth and microSD Slot - BlacKestoy algo descontenta on este producto porque menciana que UNLOCKED y no lo es.... y aun no he podido utilizarlo desde que lo recibi aqui en mi pais... porque no consigo que lo liberen para funcionar con alguna de las compa&ntilde;ias telefonica que en venezuela hacen vida

NEED MORE APPS NOW, BUT COMMING SOON - BUT AWESOME PHONE BLACKBERRY FAITHFULL USER FOR LIFE NO PROBLEM AT ALL LOVE THE FLOW

Z10 is the first time I use the Blackberry mobile phone, very loving, running smooth, screen and perfect experience, just run the software has some little

I bought this item as a present and it has a problem all my incoming calls I have to use the speaker to listen.

Telephone is a good team , but the seller must detail the features even more phone model it sells.The manufacturer made &#8203;&#8203;several Z10 models among which are :BlackBerry Z10 - STL100 -1 - Model: RFG81UW&#9726; Quadband HSPA + Support : UMTS 850 , UMTS 900 , UMTS 1900 , UMTS 2100 MHz&#9726; Support Quadband GSM : GSM 850 , GSM 900 , DCS 1800 , PCS 1900 MHzBlackBerry Z10 - STL100 -2 - Model: RFH121LW&#9726; Quadband Support LTE : LTE 800 , LTE 900 , LTE 1800 , LTE 2600 MHz&#9726; Triband HSPA + Support : UMTS 850 , UMTS 900 , UMTS 2100 MHz&#9726; Support Quadband GSM : GSM 850 , GSM 900 , DCS 1800 , PCS 1900 MHzBlackBerry Z10 - STL100 -3 - Model: RFK121LW&#9726; Quadband Support LTE : LTE 700 , LTE 850 , LTE 1700 , LTE 1900 MHz&#9726; Quadband HSPA + Support : 800/UMTS UMTS 850 , UMTS 1700 , UMTS 1900 , UMTS 2100 MHz&#9726; Support Quadband GSM : GSM 850 , GSM 900 , DCS 1800 , PCS 1900 MHzBlackBerry Z10 - STL100 -3 - Model: RFF91LW&#9726; Quadband Support LTE : LTE 700 , LTE 850 , LTE 1700 , LTE 1900 MHz&#9726; Triband HSPA + Support : 800/UMTS UMTS 850 , UMTS 1900 , UMTS 2100 MHz&#9726; Support Quadband GSM : GSM 850 , GSM 900 , DCS 1800 , PCS 1900 MHzBlackBerry Z10 - STL100 -4 - Model: RFA91LW&#9726; Single Band LTE : LTE 700 MHz&#9726; Support Dual Band CDMA Cellular Band 800 , PCS 1900 MHz&#9726; Dual Band UMTS support : UMTS 900 , UMTS 2100 MHz&#9726; Support Quadband GSM : GSM 850 , GSM 900 , DCS 1800 , PCS 1900 MHzsellers must post the specific model you are selling for not buying mistakenly

I was using an iPhone 5 for several months and before that i was using an iPhone 4. I noticed that there was some news about BlackBerry and the company running into losses. I decided to try the Z10 myself. Its been about a month since I am using this. And I am beginning to get addicted to it now.. If I compare this phone to an iPhone, here are the things I found.Body Styling - DrawComfort while held in hands - Z10Touch sensitivity and smoothness - iPhone 5 (only by a margin)App Support - iPhone (But the most common and important apps are available on BB world)BBM vs iMessage - BBM (thats a no brainer)Keyboard - Z10 blows away every other touch screen phone in the market.Overall, it definitely feels and looks more professional. I am not sure why its not doing well in US.. Agreed that this model came in a little too late, but its very well worth the wait.. For the iPhone, Apple's aggressive marketing and US media hype works in their favor big time....

Excellent product!!One of the most fantastic I have ever taken....I recommend this product, the battery could be bigger, all the rest ok.

I'd love to give this phone 5 stars but I decided to give it 3 stars because of following reasons:1- It doesn't have many useful native apps. Most apps are ported from android OS.2-  Its battery is bad. I charged my phone full. However, z10 tells me that its battery only has 34% left after it was running for 12 hours. During these hours, I didn't listen music or watch videos but read news online, surfed internet, and made 2 short phone calls.3- When I turn it on, it takes about 50 seconds before I can use it.4- Its camera needs a lot of works. If you take a picture without enough light, the picture is horrible.Many users will be happier if BB decide to address above issues in the next OS updates or new phones.

The product description states that this phone is "4G LTE" capable, and I bought it with this expectation in mind.However, there are four distinct models of the BlackBerry Z10.  See:[...]This seller is shipping BlackBerry Z10 STL100-1.  This model is NOT 4G LTE capable.DO NOT buy this product if you are expecting a 4G LTE phone.  The seller is misrepresenting this product.

Perfect. as expceted

very good phone people talk many things negetivas this black berry, but not true I like everything about all the actulizacion to touch the keyboard android.su are gradually actulizaciones hopefully its new operating system that will make you a true ally yours everything.

This is a huge jump to BlackBerry.... This phone is from other world, compares with all the BB's cellphones that you know until now.Still need so much more native apps.The constant software updates isn't a good point for BB.Is good looking, feels strong, right size, quick. You will love it.

I bought the Z10 direct from RIM on a special offer unlocked for $200. I know there's a lot of talk that RIM is circling the drain but I couldn't pass it up. I have an iPad that I love so I got an iPhone 4S and couldn't believe how much I didn't like it once I got it. My main complaints were battery life of about 4 hours and Siri couldn't understand a word I said.The Z10 OS update to 10.2 was a huge improvement over 10.1 for select cut/copy past. The iOS cut copy feature does work better but not much. I tried the Z10 interface at the store when it first came out and was immediately turned off. I read reviews and watched some of the training videos as they recommended because the interface does take some getting used to. I also picked a vacation week to switch over to the new phone. It will take you some time to get used to the new interface. It was extremely frustrating trying to enter the information for five email accounts but that was when it was OS 10.1.So now I love the phone. The browser is great and plays flash. I'm not much for apps I just want email and web browsing but there are enough apps for me. Weather, Travel, Sports, Password keeper.

This phone is excellent, but in my country it operates better with wifi, since it is a 4G Verison phone, which the seller did not indicate. I did not read all the reviews, or i might have picked that information up.

The unit that I bought on line is used product. I was expecting a brand new unit. it is an unlock cell phone from Verizon. Why do you not state if it is new or used.

Before you buy, please make sure which model you are buying.Not all the Blackberry Z10 will work on 4G or LTE in the United States. And there are 5 different Models.The Balckberry Z10 [Model: RFH121LW]  will NOT WORK with T-Mobile USA. And people is buying careless. And the STL100-1 has a slower processor manufactured by Texas Instruments, while the STL100-2, STL100-3, STL100-4 do have the Qualcomm Snap Dragon.The seller does no explain which model is selling. Please ask & complain.

In 2011 I decided to make the upgrade to a smartphone. I was set against I-phone because I feel it's not for me, and against BlackBerry as I felt an air of arrogance from the company and their users. I chose the Nexus 4. The experience at first was great (probably because it was my first smartphone).Then the minor bugs popped up, like freezes requiring re-boots and an inability to see many webpages. I changed to the Chrome browser, and still the same problem. I chalked it up to the fact this is a small computer, and thus won't have the same functionality. Then the power button began to stop working. Re-setting became a nightmare, and I had to remove my case and remove the battery to re-start. It was a massive hassle, and what started as having to do this only about 2-3 per week became 4-5 times daily. I checked online and saw it's a common problem. Whenever Chrome went to a website with flash, the entire phone would freeze. My frustration boiled over.I decided to take the plunge with the Z-10 and take advantage of the 2-week return policy. This phone is a revolution. It has almost all the functionality of a laptop computer. Things I've noticed so far:(1) The browsing is extremely smooth and fast. Videos play on websites. The browser will even alert me if a website uses flash extensively, and if I want to turn flash on for this particular site.(2) I am shocked Google and Apple did not figure out swiping earlier. It is intuitive, and lets me do multiple things on my phone. When I use my wife's Nexus 4 (which she is desperate to part with), I have to control my movements and remember there is a home button. It's like a right hander trying to write with the left hand. Same type of awkwardness.(3) Small things make this phone wonderful. The weather app displays a colour to match the weather of the day (which is important in Vancouver), the alarm clock is easy to set, linking with my laptop is easy, sending out an e-mail with the HUB (and the ability to choose from multiple accounts) is very handy etc.(4) The HUB itself is a very intuitive creation, and I am not surprised it was not thought of earlier. Having all my e-mails and messages in one area and the ability to "peek" at them without terminating what I am already doing on the phone is awesome.(5) The camera is superb. The time-shift mode is for more than just closed eyes. Timed correctly, it lets you take multiple shots of a moving object and choose the one you like best. We've gotten some amazing shots of our little guy on the swing with this. The latest software update added HDR capability to it.(6) I've never had a hard keyboard on a phone, so I cannot compare. I can also only compare to the Android and iOS keyboard. The Z-10 keyboard is light years ahead of the previous two. The responsiveness is leagues ahead, the accuracy is incomparable and the predictive text feature is scary. I find myself writing longer texts and e-mails in a fraction of the time. I am actually swiping more than typing.(7) The battery life is far superior to the Nexus I had. Without heavy use my battery is lasting upwards of 36+ hours. Heavy use means I am charging every night when I head to bed. Not bad!(8) No rebooting. At all. This has been a big relief for my blood pressure.(9) There was a lack of apps when I started, but more seems to be coming online. I've recently seen Skype and SoundHound available (among others). From what I've read, the apps are coming and coming fast.I would suggest you try the phone out. I believe most carriers have a return policy within a certain time. I've found it to be the next step in the evolution of the smartphone.

i got the z10 and dont get me wrong but i am a BlackBerry disciple till the end. my phone just went of and cant charge. the phone never had any issue. never dropped it and its not indicating it charges. Amazon is willing to give me a refund but until i factory reset i cant return it. im very upset that i might loose all my data.

The battery dont last so much only for 24 hrs

I gave the BlackBerry Z10 a try because I wanted something different. I used both iPhone and Android phones. My last phone was Nexus 4 which I really liked. I had fo d memories and BlackBerry Curve and bold. Bold 9000 was one of my fav phone of all time. I know there is 9900 but I am fine typing on a touch screen and I do prefer the larger displays now. I wanted to see what they with the new blackberry.I like the clean design. Reminds me of the iPhone 5 but I do wish they had better battery door. Plastic battery door now squeaks to pressure. Metal like the storms would have been nicer. I love the display. High resolution, good colors, and responsive. It has micro SD card slot and dedicated hdmi port next to the micro usb port which is a plus. It has a front facing camera unlike older blackberrys and good rear camera.Now for the software. I have mixed feeling about the New os. I like the hub where all the new info is gathered in one place. I like the the keyboard a lot.  It may actually be even better than the iPhone touch keyboard which is very good. I like swipe to wake which is different and neat. Still BlackBerry z10 has no navigation buttons whatsoever and uses gestures. It was a good try but still it's premature and not perfected. Swipe up is like a home button which is fine. But, swipe down is like a menu button whole in apps. I much rather it be notification pull down like iPhone or Android. I have to get out of an app to see new notifications. Also multi task has a dedicated page and acts as a home button. I don't like it. I rather it be a pull up like other os. Trying new things is good but gesture navigation sacrifices something that I miss dedicated buttons. Also BlackBerry could have taken gestures further with more gestures doing various tasks. Ipad uses multi finger gestures which is neat. BlackBerry tried to be too different needlessly.Lastly, biggest draw back for z10 is lack of apps. Smartphone is only as good as apps that enhances it's capability. Apple has literally apps for everything as do android and many for free. BlackBerry z10 has limited app support to say the least. No Netflix and other apps that I used often are not available in bb.Well, BlackBerry z10 is different. I like it but it doesn't feel as well refined. It's a good base to build upon and needs improvements. Also BlackBerry really needs to get app support. Almost makes me wish BlackBerry z10 would have been an android phone with blackberry overlay. Love the keyboard and the screen. Typing is best in the tradition of blackberry phones. Other areas need tweaks and adjustments. 3 stars only as of now.UPDATE:I learned that you can sideload (install downloaded android apk app files manually) android apps on Z10 without hacking or any modification the software.  Since then I successfully installed apps like Netflix and other Android apps that I missed on this phone.  The apps seem to work fine so far.  I have updated and gave 4 stars instead of initial 3 stars.  Lot more versatile with this capability.

The phone itself is just a regular smartphone but what really turned me off and even caused me to return it was the fact that it has zip for apps on the so called &#34;black berry appworld.&#34; For me I need a Chinese dictionary on phone and the ones on the blackberry appworld... well lets just say you can't even call them dictionaries. Overall the phone is fine if you JUST want to email, text, and call. And I mean JUST.

I have had this phone for a week and I am very disappointed.  The camera is very slow and the pictures are dark.  The phone itself is very sticky.  It is either too sensitive (for example if you push the delite button it erases everything your have written) or not sensitive enough.  You close the app by swiping from the bottom up and you may have to do it several times....It is neither a Blackberry, an Android, or Apple.  It tries to be everything and it is nothing. The only thing I like about it, is the spelling correction and the fact that you can use 3 languages at a time.Overall, I HATE this phone and can't wait to get rid of it!!!!!

Excellent size, works very fast, read the SD card faster that ever, but we need more apps, like Instagram, games, etc...

The phone broke down after not even 3 moths. Despite the fact I took very good care of the phone, one day after I turned it off, it never turned on.

Can't beat the blackberry backup systemOutstanding picture quality.Different navigation than Iphones or Galaxy.Great for professional use.Not a lot of flash

I think I was cheated. This phone is not a 4G-phone . It is stl100-1 model. I want to buy a STL100-4 model phone.

This phone is amazing! It is literally a joy to use.I bought the Z10 as a replacement for my Nexus 4, which was a good phone, and I was still blown away by this thing. Most of the important apps are either on the Z10, coming soon, or have really decent web apps that you can make desktop shortcuts for. Anyways, the screen is the best I have ever seen on a mobile device, and that includes the iPhone 5. Color saturation is on par with the iPhone 5 screen, sharpness is slightly higher on the Z10 (Z10 has higher pixel density), and the auto brightness is by far better than anything on the market! It actually adjusts brightness while you're using the device, not just when you first turn on the screen (as is the case for the iPhone 5, and Nexus 4). The interface is super smooth, the keyboard is by far the best on the market (and I've used Swype, Swift Key, and stock iOS 6/JB 4.2 keyboards), the speaker is actually loud, not just called a "loudspeaker." The battery lasts 150-200% what my Nexus 4 lasted! Anyways, if I were to list all the things I love about this phone, it would be a much longer review than I'd like, so I'll start with some negatives. App selection is DEFINITELY not on par with iOS/Android, so if you go in with that expectation, you'll be sorely disappointed. Google Account integration is not as good as on Android (obviously). For example, you need to employ workarounds to get multiple calendars from your account to show up on the device. There are also a few minor quirks in the OS, that I'm sure will be addressed in the future (ex. The Hub not resetting to the top when you leave it, so doing a peak gesture when you get a notification just shows you what you were doing last, and you have to close that to see the notification. Obviously, finishing off what you were doing is a simple way of avoiding that situation).Anyways, I'm sure you can see that I've rated it 5 stars. In comparison, my Nexus 4 received 3 stars. It is safe to say that I am absolutely in love with this phone, and have been *very* pleasantly surprised as I had been a huge RIM (Blackberry) detractor in the past. In fact, I only got the Z10 to show people that I rationally dislike RIM, and not just talk without having used their products. Well, I stand corrected. I ended up selling my Nexus 4 after a week of owning the Z10 :)

I AM A BBRY USER SINCE 1998 AND REFRAINED FROM CHANGING TO IPHONE OR SAMSUNG "WAITING TIRELESSLY " FOR BBRY TO KEEP IT UP.BOUGHT THE Z10 A MONTH AGO TO REPLACE MY BOLD 9900 AND I AM SO GLAD I WAITED.THIS NEW PHONE IS AMAZING. I COMPARE IT WITH THE IP AND SS THAT MY CHILDREN HAVE AND REALLY FEEL RELIEVED I WAITED . IT PAID OFF THE WAITING VERY PLEASANTLY. GREAT JOB BBRY!!!

The telephone had software problems, cant use it, and as i took it to Lima nobody can solve this.Completely disapointed

Although the Z10 was unlocked, the data does not work in Venezuela (Movilnet), only the phone works, but I cannot get the benefits of BBM, Whatsapp and other data driven applications. It is a shame!

I have been using my Z10 for over a month, and all I can say is, "Wow!"  It just gets better and better as you figure out more and more things you can do with the device.  It saves me at least a few minutes a day and allows me to get a lot more accomplished.  If it saves me three minutes a day due to faster typing, true multitasking, more integrated apps, that comes out to over a thousand minutes a year.  I don't know about you, but as a professional, those thousand minutes are valuable to me, representing almost two full work days.Oh, and there are apps aplenty, despite what you may have heard.  The only ones that are lacking are not particularly useful to me.  The online banking apps are coming but not really necessary since the browser is so blazingly fast.So if you want a toy and can't figure out how to use the inline editor and built-in sharing tools to share your pictures, go ahead and get an iToy because it has Instagram.  If you want a truly amazing piece of technology that will make your life easier and more enjoyable, get the Z.  You  will not regret it.PS - after using this phone, it's clear that anyone who gives it a one-star review has not used it.  Even an app junkie will have to admit that it's an amazing OS, that the keyboard is phenomenal, etc.  But whatever.  Haters are gonna hate.  Winners just keep winning. :)

I chose this rating because this product is very good!. I Liked all of it!. I recommend this product to everyone.

This is a great product.. Multitasking on it completely crushes iOS... Hub is great ..Typing is amazing.. Love the flick typing...My iPhone feels like a joke in front of it... Extremely sophisticated and fun phone ... You need to forget about the old Blackberry and try it with a fresh and open mind.. I have all the apps that i use Facebook , Twitter , FlixSter , YouTube , Weather , Slacker radio , Wall Street Journal  ,  Weather etc.. Viber and Skype are on the way ..Certified by Visa and MasterCard .. I feel very safe to use my credit-cards on it... You can do an Air play to your TV without having to buy Apple TV ... I am very happy about it..Z10 rocks !!!!

I was very hesitant to buy this phone, but when I received it, I was like :whaooo, it does everything a smartphone can do, and the design is just fantastic.the only issue with blackberry is the fact that the market is poor some application are not available.Bus that is nothing since you can open all applications through the browser. The price too is just very cheap. $199. Great product

Amigos, este modelo sirve para las operadoras de Movilnet y Movistar en Venezuela. Seg&uacute;n he le&iacute;do funciona es la versi&oacute;n -3.Friends, this model serves operators Movistar and Movilnet in Venezuela. As I read works is version -3.

New in box...just as expected and hoped for.  No complaints!

First the shortfall: Still a lot of apps missing. Not Android missing, but WebOS missing. For those of you that don't understand, Android has most apps that iOS has, but not all essentials. WebOS hardly had any, and neither does Blackberry. A lot of apps still to come.... hopefully. One star penalized for this.Now on to the good news, this is a great device!  Before I converted to iPhone with the first iPhone, I was an avid blackberry user & lover. This makes that loving feeling come back a bit. The way the inbox is managed is beautiful. The way the OS swipes and moves around is simple and great. The speed is ok, not great, but not bad either.  The screen looks great, the weight & size are good, overall, I'm very pleased about this device! If you're at a company that requires blackberry, this is certainly the best option available and it's quite a large step up from previous options. That being said, the severe current lack of apps is probably enough of a buzzkill for a lot of people to steer clear.All I can hope is that additional apps come along.  Everything else about this device and OS please me and make me happy. I could be happier here than on an Android if the apps were equal.

blackberry z10 excellent product is a mobile that has it all. nothing to envy to iphone and samsung galaxy.just for me is the best. what apps are the best, is designed to please the buyer, and used blackberry and the best have been my bold 9900 and now my z10.

I bought this device and rushed it to my home before traveling out of the country. It was advertised as &#34;unlocked&#34; and ready to work internationally. It wasn't. Once in the country I visited, I went to a store of the most popular carrier in the region to buy a SIM card. They spent nearly an hour trying to configure its settings (I was surprised one of the techs even changed the language of the device to English so he could work better). They tried all possible configurations but none worked. They concluded I needed the original SIM card from verizon to change some settings for the cell phone to work in their network, without it they couldn't help me. I was so devastated, I spent good money for this phone and for it not to work as advertised. I ended up getting a cheap phone for the two weeks I was there. The phone is sleek and I like its OS, I'm sure I would've given it a better rating if it worked out of the USA as it was noted in the sale description when I bought it.

Everything is fine. I'll be waiting for u information about another techno products. Send me to my email more infromation periodically

I LIKE THIS PRODUCT BECAUSE IS ONE OF THE MOST COMPLETI WOULD LIKE RECOMMEND IT TO MY FRIENDS. BYE

Goodnight defective product does not grab signal came as we could do to fix it then I hope your answer thanks greetings.

It's the only smartphone manufacturer that doesn't perform public acts of obscenity on the NSA. Consequently, it's also the only phone certified to run on DoD networks. It has automatic VPN connect, which is something no other phone has. It has an awesome hub/notification feature as well as the peak feature. I love the LED that tells you when a new message or email comes in.There's two weaknesses, the apps and the volume button inadvertently gets pressed, usually down, while in your pocket. The apps problem is partially eliminated if you install Snap. But of course Apple has the best apps. For non-serious stuff, I use my iPad 3. For everyday phone and business use, I'd never go back to an iPhone. Too many damn annoyances that *STILL* exist in the operating system that are vestiges of the original IOS 1.0, like the lack of multitasking, native flashlight app, downloading of files other than pictures, and VPN autoconnect.

I'm sorry but whit the recent problems in my country Venezuela I haven't had the opportunity to recieve the phone personally, but when all this is over I think I might

I bought this phone, it is fast have good processor and 2GB ram, but Blackberry does not have too many application as Android and Apple have, most of games which are free on Android we have to pay in Blackberry, Phone looks good it is very fast

People please read! This is a wrong and misleading listing! On the item description part it said &#34;the LATEST model&#34; which should be STL 100-4 that supports 4G LTE. I called Amazon twice before I place the order to make sure that the sellers are listing under the correct title and both of them assured me that. I placed an order and still received a STL 100-1, which is the EARLIEST model, not the latest model. It does not support 4G. This phone is an awesome phone, coming from someone who dropped iPhone 5s for this one. It's faster, more functional and there is a lot of things you can program to make this phone unique to you. 4G is slow enough for this phone's capacity, much less 3G.  I'd give it a 1 star if Amazon wouldn't take their wrong item back and give me a full refund.

I  ordered this phone, it took very long for me to get it , i was very mad about the situation but in the end they sent me a brand new one and am very happy i give it a 5 stars thanks.

This is very bad phone, this phone not work. not turn on.

NOTE: I did NOT purchase this phone on Amazon, but it's such a good product that I wanted to give my input for potential buyers.I may be partial to BlackBerry phones because my previous smartphones have all been BlackBerrys but this phone is ahead of the curve. (That was sort of a BB pun...) This is the BBZ10 STL100-3, with 4G ready and the QualComm Snapdragon S4 Plus dual-core 1.5Ghz Processor.Battery life:If I *had* to complain this is where I would do it. The battery life is not legendary. It's about what you would expect from a smartphone. I charge it everyday and it works the whole day but don't expect much more than that. In this day and age where every smartphone has multi-core processors, 5 different radios, push email etc. I think a whole day's worth of battery life is what you can expect. If you're answering emails all day or gaming or surfing the web, battery life will suffer but you can always buy an extended pack, one of the accessories BlackBerry sells.Call quality:Call quality is fantastic. The new 10.2 software upgrade comes with natural sound technology. And I have to say that it sounds superb. Voices are full and rich. This phone has also never dropped a call in the 6 months I've had it. (The iPhone has dropped at least 3.) Video call quality is also good. The front facing cameraExperience:The swipe interface is amazing. Whoever said that it has a &#34;steep learning curve&#34; is obviously a moron. There's only three gestures that you ever have to use and if you can't handle that then maybe a touchscreen phone isn't for you anyway. Programs are fast and responsive and it's NEVER frozen. I have also never rebooted the phone because its gotten slow or lagged. I've never used the Mini-HDMI output so I have nothing to say there.Email:As the original push-service email device, the BlackBerry still holds ground as the best workhorse phone for email. My BlackBerry gets email faster than my computer EVERY TIME. With Priority Hub on the new 10.2 OS, the phone also learns which contacts and conversations are important (read: not ads) and pushes them up to the top of the Hub so you get your important emails quickly.Storage:You can use the device as a NAS through an encrypted WiFi connection. This is STANDARD and integrated on the BBZ10 platform. It seemlessly integrates with several cloud based services too including Box, DropBox and Skydrive. It also accepts a 64Gb Micro-SDXC card so its tough to run out of space too.Build quality:The phone is well built, feels hefty and substantial but isn't heavy and is EXTREMELY thin (.36 inches to be exact).Display:The display is clear and beautiful and with a 356 ppi resolution, it's sharper than the iPhone 5 and iPhone 5S. It's also 4.2 inches diagonal where the iPhone is only 4 inches. But I mean...some people say size doesn't matter.Overall:This is really a fantastic phone. I've run phones with Android and tested iPhones (dark days) before and I think that the BlackBerry really gets down to what you use a phone for. Messaging, taking and placing phone calls, updating social networks, email and browsing the web while your girlfriend is shopping for clothes. It's not app-hungry, which could be a downside to some users. But for the most part it does the job, does it well, is fast, responsive, looks and feels like it means business, keeps you connected and lasts all day, take a look at the BlackBerry Z10. But be warned, you might never go back to another brand.

No doubt, the best phone ever..!! loved it !!! So responsive, excelent camera....new apps, .bar from android on wheels !!!

I purchased this phone from SurgeTelecom in August, it arrived extremely promptly (one or two days after placing the order) in factory condition. It was as described (unlocked) and works perfectly in the UK with a UK SIM card. My favourite feature has to be BlackBerry Hub, where all your messages and notifications are grouped together in one easily accessible area.I cannot recommend this phone enough.

I was really worried about the mobile as I was getting it at a very cheap price but its really a worthy unbelievable offer :)

I bought this phone directly from tmobile website a little over 2 months ago. In took about 10-15 mins to get a handle on the swipe features. The browser speed is very very good.Everyone I have shown this phone to appreciated the browser speed and were awed by the smart keyboard. I am not especially fast using the keyboard, but can easily compete with my seasoned colleagues with this keyboard.The app store is growing by the day. The battery life is also very good.

Coming from Samsung Android. The Blackberry z10 is a game changer IMHO.Pros:- Super fast. I mean this phone is a multitasking beast. You can open upto 8 apps and switch in between them without closing them. Android couldn't do that. With my Samsung I had to close an app to open another, thanks God i don't have to do that anymore.- Keyboard. THe keyboard is the best I have used in all my previous phones. The phone's keyboard learns your typing and predicts your next choices of words and all you have to do is to swipe them up and that's it.- Camera. Camera is better then my Samsung Droid and I like the timeshift feature.- Battery. Battery last about a day and a half with light use or a day with heavy load. The best part about it, that it is removable. Yes, unlike iphone you don't have to change your phone.- Blackberry Balance. Probably the best feature. It allows you to separate your personal and work space. In order to use this feature, you should have BES 10 setup at your work and that's it.Cons:- Not a lot of apps there YET. Even though i only use less then 10 apps, the only one is missing for me is Skype. Blackberry rep told me that it should be released in 1-2 weeks. Just today, eBay released their app. So, it is not a con yet, but if you are heavy app user please check to make sure all your apps are available. Although you can sideload any Android app to work on z10.

Received in excellent condition and no issues working on the network!All parts working and in good conditionWorks fine in Barbados

Z10 is one of the most amazing smartphones I have used. I have used an iPhone and also Galaxy SIII but this one is a completely new experience.Its been almost a month and it is definitely every cent I spent on it. It is fast, snappy and a dream when it comes to multi-tasking. The fastest browser in business and an amazing keypad just makes it even more awesome. The Hub is like a consolidated place where you get everything in one place, mails, chats, social networks,calls, notifications. Z10 was thin on apps when it launched but has picked up since then. Whatsapp has already launched and Skype is expected in a couple of weeks. Amazon Kindle, eBay and Wall Street Journal have also launched their apps on BBWorld recently. In one word, I am very happy with the smartphone. Its a pretty amazing piece of electronics.

You assured this phone is unlocked, and I raised a concern about it. Only for me to get to my country and find out it won't work without a verizon sim. What sort of vendor are you? Do you know how much it costs to unlock a phone in nigeria? This is really terrible. I'm very disappointed.

My friend loves this phone. once we got over the tutorial the phone was perfect for accessing emails quickly. Very similar to the Iphone without the cost.

I bought the Z10 to replace my Blackberry 9900. I liked the 9900 but wanted the newest phone and the larger screen. The transition to the virtual keyboard has been easier than I thought and the other features, which I'm learning seem nice.The problem is, and the only reason I didn't rate this 5 Stars, that I can't seem to set up the Mobile Hot Spot feature with AT&T.; I bought this phone planning on using that feature for my upcoming vacation. I spent 3 hours on the phone with AT&T.; I have the correct data plan but the phone keeps saying that I "need to have a hot spot data plan" set up. I don't know what to do but have another call with AT&T; set up for next week.The phone I have is version STL-2 (ATT sells STL-3). Everything else works fine. 4g is excellent.Has anyone experienced this problem and is there a solution?

Device was fully unlocked and instantly worked with my carrier. Device is great a real step up to the plate device from Blackberry. Loving all the features. Delivered on time and in excellent condition by seller.

Has not worked properly since I got it and to return it is a hassle I will not recommend it

I like this device is well designed, has the backing of black berry and the company has an excellent platform, and quick camera phone is excellent

Z10 is super fast, pops in and out of apps and sites easily. I use it for work and the two phone numbers and separate emails has been amazing!

The phone was received in excellent condition, however, it wasn't the model i ordered and i can't use whatsapp or viber or skype with this model.

Although I did not purchase this phone from Amazon. I could not be happier with the phone. Right up front I will say it does not YET have as many apps as some other phones, but it will happen. Moving on, this is my second BB ( had a 9650BOLD). My first all touch screen. Had trouble every time I used someone else's droid, or iflop. This phone does what I want it to when I want it too. Its super smart. It changes to fit you, it learns you, but still while making it easy for anyone else to use. The screen quality is unmatched and the sound quality is great. Could go on for hours about how much I love this phone.

I have purchased this phone  a month ago, After I updated the OS(Original, Not the leaked one) OTA, The camera and Video applications are not working. I have tried many options including Device Wipe. But still its not working. I don't understand why RIM is not taking any steps to fix this problem. They do not care their customer requirement. I personally will not advice anybody to go for phone which is not worth for cost we pay.In case anybody face the same problem and got solution to fix this issue in simple way, Please do share, This will be useful for those who made mistake by buying this phone.ThanksArivazhagan.AC

I'm not exactly sure what went wrong with this phone, but it does not work.  I cannot get the phone past the &#34;update software&#34; phase for the setup process; the phone simply will not go any further; several attempts later and the same thing happens.The shipping box was not properly packed and the phone was loose and bounced back and forth inside of the main shipping box.  The phone was in a shipping box for about 10 days; loose and not packed inside the shipping box tight.The phone may have become damaged from being loose and bouncing around from not being packed properly.  Regardless of the reason, this phone simply will not work.This phone is a wash.

A+++++++

The gestures are so intuitive, it's just a joy to pick up the phone and play with it. The Hub makes all communications so simple. Flick typing takes some getting use to but once you do it is a real time saver. The camera is solid and the ability to adjust the pictures incase someone blinks is awesome!  Story Maker let's you actually edit videos, add music, pics and string clips together. Cannot say enough about this phone! Highly recommend this phone.

its a very very good cell phone, this funcionability ist ok in my country (venezuela), the cell phone require software act.

really enjoyed it...lil sad I didn't get headphones but really enjoyed the product came just like new I would surely be buying from these guys again p.s reviews do help!!!!!!!!!!

Management of BBRY has disappointed on so many fronts marketing these devices, then announcing "sale" with no evidence that such announcement was needed and scaring off customers. Having used RIM/BBRY devices side by side with iOS devices for years, can say that there is more of a learning curve with the Z10 and BB10 OS, but I still prefer BB10 OS/Z10 as my main communication tool, strongly prefer to iOS. Main benefits of the Z10 are Hub, which pulls all incoming communications into one spot (you can see, delete from multiple accounts, eg email, Twitter, LinkedIn, text, voice mail, Microsoft 365, update notifications for updated apps, calls in/out, etc) without having to press a button for different apps; intuitive typing is light years ahead of iOS (including iOS7, which I installed yesterday); multitasking far easier with swipes not constantly pressing home button. A few weeks ago my Z10 needed to be exchanged and I returned to iOS as primary communication tool. It worked, but far, far happier with restored Z10 back in hand.Z10 and BBRY far short on apps, however.If communication is not primary tool for phone, and apps are a major interest, then iOS likely the better choice for you despite having to use home button to switch apps and other limitations. Having > 150 apps, I can say apps are nice, ultimately only a few truly used with great frequency. For many these few convenience apps are worth iOS limitations (virtual keyboard, app switching, etc). The new iOS has an updated look, but difference is stylistic, not a major functional change.  Whether one upgrades for fingerprint scanner for security is personal choice/convenience issues, as one can still type in a security code to access device. Only major improvement I can see in iOS7 thus far, and truly helpful, is that one can open more than 8 browser windows at a time. A disadvantage of iOS7 is that folders are now limited to 9 apps before one has to page through to second screen; on Z10 each folder will hold 16 apps.If communication using multiple different accounts (as noted above) are important and you don't like switching from app to app, then Z10 is better option. Uncertainty of company's direction is unsettling. Personally I avoid Android due to malware risk.Much talk about BBRY going way of Palm. As a former Palm user, I gave up on device as lagging and no longer useful long before it bottomed. Sad thing with BBRY is that Z10, plethora of apps aside, is really a joy to use c/w iOS.

Excellent

Perfect phone, runs smoothly, love the writing method and the fact that it didn`t have a front button! I get used to it in just one day!

This is good, very quality, nice, I'm satisfied with this item..thank you very much: BUT, the model is not that the seller says, the model is the STL-100-1,

I am a phone nerd. I have several, one from each major platform.  The Z10 is a nice phone, it is perfect size and built with quality, compared to samsung products it feels premium in your hand. It does have certain limitations as a media player /entertainment center...android offers more and better stuff, but as a work phone it's really a nice phone....

The z10 that I get is not unlocked, and they are so very irresponsible and lose my money, and now i got a Z10 useless

is an excellent phone in Venezuela works perfect so far have not had any problem. Change the language is easy. what I like most is the camera

I got the new Blackberry Z10 smartphone on the first day it was available at T-Mobile.  My husband has had the BlackBerry Bold, Curve and others and they have been great phones.  I got my first one in late March and its now August and I'm now on phone #3.  My first one last until mid-May when it completely quit working and I was told that it was a "software glitch" and that they would send me another one.  My 2nd phone worked until the first of August and then when I took it back to T-Mobile, I was told that my "Operating System crashed".  So, I'm now on phone #3 and wondering how long it will last.  When you pay $500 for a phone, it should last more than 2 months.  The battery drains quickly even when the phone is not being used.  I have to charge mine several times a day because of this.  Sometimes my phone will be sitting right next to me and my voice mail will light up.  I got a call, but it never rang and it happened when I was waiting for a call back for a job interview over the phone.  The choice of app's are OK, but not nearly the selection as the iPhone.  I love Angry Birds and only have access to the free Angry Birds Star Wars and the paid version of Space.  The Z10 and the iPhone were released by T-Mobile on the same day and now I regret not going with the iPhone.  If my 3rd phone quits working, I'm going with the iPhone.Update: My 3rd BlackBerry Z10 quit working......after 20 days. I had it on the charger because it was getting to where I would have to charge it twice a day and the battery would drain when I wasn't even using it. The phone was working, I took it off the charger and it went dead. I took everything back to T-Mobile and they weren't able to get the phone to start up and they told me that because this was my 3rd time I could choose any phone....and I went with the iPhone5 and I love it. Much easier to use, way more access to apps too. I wish I'd done it 5 months ago.

z10 is good.its beautiful structure and screen and its not that easy to brokebutthey don't have a good app shopEven they have crackberry web to tell you how to add app but lots of them do not fit so it really troubles me

THIS PHONE IS AWESOME !!!SUPER FAST,  I HAVE TRIED RUNNING 8 APPS AT ONCE TO TRY TO MAKE IT LAG AND NOTHING, AS IF NO APPS WERE OPEN, NO LAG AT ALL, TRUE MULTITASKING!!!!!!I TRY TO SHOW OFF MY PHONE TO EVERYONE I CAN , AND YES THEY ARE AMAZED AND PUT A SMILE ON THEIR FACE. THE UI IS GREAT AND THERE IS SO MUCH TO LOVE ABOUT THE PHONE. CAMERA IS NORMAL, TIMESHIFT IS AWESOME, HUB IS NICE. AND THE BATTERY IS PRETTY GOOD, AND I AM A HEAVY USER.PEOPLE GIVE BLACKBERRY A CHANCE, TRY IT OUT AND SEE FOR YOURSELF, DON'T LISTEN TO ALL THOSE AWFUL """" REVIEWS"""" FROM AUTHORS THAT HAVENT EVEN USED THE PHONE AND TO MY GUESS I THINK ARE GETTING PAID TO BASH THE PHONE. I RECOMMEND IT 100% U WONT REGRET!

EXCELLENT

After months of use, there is only one major problem with this phone. It could have been great but the signal is very poor. It often says searching for network or just no signal at all. I think it has to do with the model of the phone. I specifically asked the seller if it would properly work in US and they said yes but I am very disappointed that I get this issue which is the most important function of the phone.

It suits my hand so well that I do not want to use my previous S**s**** immediately.  Wish RIM could last longer and develop more Apps for Blackberry.

BB10 os is fast and allows me to do work on my phone never before imaginable. Ive had quite a dew iphones and can honestly say this is more useful. I dont need app because the browser supports mostly anything the web can throw at it. Just because apple says flash is dead doesn't mean its true. The apps are becaue the browser sucks.

Do not support 4G LTE.Give my all Blackberry Z10 STL 100-1.....This mobile phone is the most rubbish,configure minimum the cheapest!!!!Ifeel very sad....

This phone has helped greatly to bring order in my son's life and ensured ease of communication with his peers and family. I would recommend this phone to anyone.

Very fluid OS. nice display, the size is right and perfect for a salesperson like me. I am hoping att does not dump this good phone.

Having used the phone for a while, I have decided to write a review and I am going to be informative. I am going to divide my review for two kinds of users - A) Gadget enthusiasts with minimal business usage and 2) Strictly heavy business users.Kind A) For gadget enthusiasts with minimal business usage: Overall rating 2/5Pros:AP1) It's something new and different than iOS and Android, and I know enthusiasts get quickly bored, so this may just serve to be your new little toy to fiddle with. (Hint - it won't last nearly as long as the other two mentions above) - 1 star gained.AP2) Excellent stock keyboard. The swipe-up feature on appearing words to complete them is irritating, but despite you like it or not, this will probably one of the best keyboards you'll ever find in a smartphone. I have an Android and I use SwiftKey since I can't stand Android's stock keyboard. Apple's keyboard is perfect for what it is, but iOS 7 introduced some delays switching between different keyboard layers, and I also find them a little too cramped on the phones. If typing is the most you do on your phone and you don't like Android and SwiftKey combo, Z10 is for you for this one feature alone. 1 star gained.Cons:AC1) No apps besides all regular stock apps, and a few social-media apps. This kind loves to try and tinker with new apps, play games, and overall, can't deal with a nearly-empty app store and bad ports. Remember, just because email and text messaging and other "routine" apps are well done, no phone today will gain a star. Not going above and beyond will certainly hurt. 1 star lost.AC2) Sluggish vertical scrolling, great horizontal scrolling. This is a 2013 release, and I cannot understand why overall speed cannot just be fast, and why vertical scroll is sluggish. This kind hates sluggishness! 1 star lost.AC3) Small size battery with no extended battery alternative available. Heavy usage would get you through probably 3/4th of a day. 1 star lost.Kind B) Heavy business users who seek minimal entertainment. Overall rating 4/5Pros:BP1) Same as AP2. 1 star gained.BP2) Email, call voice quality, LED notifications, typical BB ringtones, and profiles etc. are just like your good old Blackberry and they are still effortlessly great, and now on a full-size touch-screen and with nicer icons. All your settings are also there just like before and while there are a lot of them, the seasoned Blackberry user will become familiar in no time. 1 star gained.BP3) A much better apps and games store (Blackberry World) is here for the little enthusiast in you. Go ahead, experience what the rest of the world was playing back a couple of years, while you were breaking bricks for living. 1 star gained.BP4) Ever imagined 8 megapixels packed into a cell phone camera (albeit with a useless flash)? You will now never feel left out in parties, team events, and outings where you thought a little better camera wouldn't hurt. 1 star gained.Cons:BC1) Same as AC3). 1 star lost.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I belong to kind A, and I am returning Z10, and keeping my S3 despite its cons. Its pros outweigh Z10 in every way.

The cell phone is beautiful,OS is wondeful.But, the power of battery run out  so quickly,so I have to charge it every day after the duty's off.And :APP,little!

I initially wrote a review with a five star rating given my initial enthusiasm for the Z10 (Verizon), based on the size of the screen, gesture based operating system (rather than a home button) with the Hub and Peek, removable battery, advanced keyboard, etc.  However, as I gained experience on the device, it became apparant to me that this is a really challenged phone for the following reasons:- Clunky BB10 operating system that doesn't work smoothly, and is frustrating to use even after getting used to the various gestures.  Part of this is the gesture based system, part the rendering of the screens, and the part is poor functional design (i.e. why are certain buttons at the far upper left-hand corner of the screen where it is hard to reach?).- Keyboard that lacks precision and only makes up for this in the error correction algorithm which is very good.  The individual keys just do not respond well and the glass feels slick - like typing on ice - and so while the error correction and flick typing help, this doesn't make for a very satisfying experience overall.- Just fair battery life, so it is a good thing that the battery is replaceable, because it will need to be replaced about 2/3 through a busy day on the road.  And the battery is slow to charge through a low-quality micro-USB connection.- Good phone and speakerphone that is marred by issues with visual voicemail (had to replace phone once after it froze entirely), accidental dialing (more than any phone I have had), and answering through the gesture/swipe.- Music player with limited options and fair sound quality.  The Neutron app is available for $4.99, but this should be standard for what I paid for the device.- Browser that is improved over past BlackBerry browsers and accommodates Flash, but will not render email images to the correct size.- Camera that does have a useful fast shutter option to capture good faces plus some good effects options, but the low light photos are fair, and the video rendering is jittery.- Desktop software via BB Link that is just terrible - this by itself is a complete deal breaker.  Have never seen such a difficult to use program of its kind, making transfering pictures and music a struggle.  I tried just dropping files directly to the device, but my computer wouldn't recognize the Z10 as a drive.- Low quality look - the fit and finish is bland and not up to the competition.  After awhile, I just didn't like using a device that looked so dull, in addition to working in such a clunky, frustrating way.- And yes, applications, or lack of them.  There are few really good apps (Neutron, Kindle, and LinkedIn are a few good ones).The main bright spot was the screen size, which made the browser a partially effective back-up for the lack of apps, and good durability, as the device can survive a drop.But in the end, this phone and desktop software was so frustrating, I ended up asking my IT department to get me an iPhone 5s, which is an incredible phone.  This was a hard decisions, as I went back to BlackBerry a couple years ago after realizing the old BlackBerry 7 Bolds being snappy and efficient for email, as compared to my last iPhone (a 3GS).  However, this new iPhone 5s is extremely fast, and the application ecosystem is amazing.  The one-touch fingerprint unlock is an incredible feature that works far better than BlackBerry's method of typing in a passcode (which didn't work half the time).  Having access to the applications that are common now, that simply work, provides amazing functionality, and now that I am on the iPhone 5s platform, I can see the vast difference.  I see people on these reviews write that the browser/large screen makes up for not having good apps - but that is just innacurate.  Many applications that are on iOS, like MOG, HP12c calculator, and Sonos controller, have no BB10 or website equivalent.Most discouraging is the recent decision by the company to move away from hardware and new devices, especially high-end ones.  This is ultimately why I lost hope in the platform and made the switch to Apple.  It makes no sense to be pushing the enterprise network without a "must have" device that requires it.  One of the mistakes of the Z10 and Q10 is that IT departments have the option of just using ActiveSynch, without the need to use the secure BlackBerry network (which also provides an ongoing revenue stream to the company).  Yes, the BlackBerry device is more secure itself, but this isn't enough of a reason to use the device over an iPhone, and the secure network is needed for this security feature to be fully there.BlackBerry should focus on an updated keyboard Bold device with higher quality materials, bring back the track pad/back button (this simple ommission prevented many exisitng Bold users from switching to the Q10, plus worries about the company going out of business), customization of alerts, incredible email/Outlook Exchange functionality, good desktop software, a great music player and camera, and the best phone/voicemail set-up you can buy, and long battery life, plus, BlackBerry should have its own in-house programmers writing BB10 applications for the most used Android/Apple apps (or, just drop BB10 now and move quickly to Android - I hear this might be happening soon).  They should also bring back the simple docking/charging station which worked so well with the older Bolds.  This type of device might win back users focused on productivity who have left the platform, as then BlackBerry would offer something meaningfully different than the current available offerings, and it would be of interest to the few existing BlackBerry customers that are looking to upgrade.I hope the best for BlackBerry, as I liked a lot about my old Bold device.  Perhaps the company can  a way to build a new device aimed around the corporate user that provides the busy executive handling over 100 emails per day the most useful communication tool possible.  Unfortunately, the Z10 is less efficient as an email processor and a phone, and much less funcitional overall than it's iPhone competition, which is unfortunate.

While it last, the phone perform as expected, but...My Blackberry Z10 stopped working after 4 month of purchase for no apparent reazon.

Great phone. Perfect size, just came from using a samsung s3, glad to be back with a blackberry.

I  waited and waited for My Z 10 and only after a  month or so of usage baterry is draining in less tan two hours  and  ohine heats up! Sound familiar? I am so disapointed in this phone. I used to be a big fan of BB but have re thunk it all.. Going for the Galaxy S4 now wich  has tons more features. New OS is OK but nothing  to brag about . Just a nice Phone similar to I phone that in my case ir ruined and no one can repair. Seller  brushed me of staing phone had only a 30 day warranty Now i know Why! Dont recoment investing in this !

This phone is really nice, I am having a hard time with the keyboard but think I will get used to it.I purchased this as an unlocked phone, and bought the bring your own phone package thru Walmart.  I was planning on using this phone through Straight Talk as my previous phone service was with them.  I made many calls: to Straight Talk, then to Blackberry, to AT&T; and then to Straight Talk again.  I spent many hours on trying to get the APN number entered into the phone, to no avail.They told me at Straight Talk that Blackberry is not compatible.  When I spoke with Blackberry, they tried to get the AT&T; sim to work, but couldn't get it to work.  They then told me to try the T-Mobile sim card that came in the package through Walmart (it came with AT&T; and T-Mobile sim cards all in one package).  When I did that, I got a little further trying to get the APN info. in the phone.My last call was to Straight Talk and could still not get the AT&T; to work; we tried the T-Mobile sim card, and the phone recognized the information from that sim card.  Straight Talk gave me the information to enter for the APN info. and now I am able to use my browser thru T-Mobile.  I am not sure how happy I am to have to use T-Mobile, but am giving it a try.The phone otherwise is great altho I have never had an iphone or android, so I don't have much to compare it to.

This phone is really. good phone.It is to fast.It has skype too.Skype working reallly good.I use this phone with t-mobile it is working.It has nice camera.

The z10 is an amazing piece of kit, well engineered and designed.It took me a couple of days to get used to a new way of using a BB.My main advice to all new users, forget everything you know about BBs - it will only frustrate your experience if you try to use the z10 like another BB - it wasn't designed to be the same and it's not!There are a couple of annoying things/things I haven't figured out:1) You can't change font style - you can change font size2) You can skip between messages, you have to close the existing one and pick the next oneOther than that I highly recommend it.

Since she is a blackberry user, this smartphone is an excellent choice for her, she is used to its sintaxis, BB messenger, etc.

My company gave me this phone as a reemplacement of the old BB7 phone. BB phones are bad bad bad. I was praying for the company to go bankrupt so that I could get an android or iphone.Thankfully, the z10 came along. It's a decent phone. Nowhere near the best androids but at least it is a decent option

I have used the iPhone and I like the iPhone a lot, but the Z10 surprised me. It has exceeded my expectations. Rim really did well with this one!

I purchased with 405$ then returned it in 2 days -Phone looked new however when I put a SIM not able to get the incoming call but able to do outgoing call. Spoke to Balackberry Tech support and raised a ticket, they helped my to push the software again and reset the phone.No hope - Blackberry team confirmed that this is a refurbished/defect phone, just to go ahead and returned.I did so and thanks Amazon got my money back.Still I have a big question - why Amazon sending defect phone with actual price.

BlackBerry 10 beats iPhone on many counts.The touchscreen handset is expected to be the first to launch with a device including a physical keyboard to follow shortly.Take a look to see how they compare on elements like screen size, button position, sending and receiving messages, display of apps and opening web pages.BlackBerry z10 for ewryone...

Phone is unlocked and is being used in India, no problems found or what so ever. Its really good one to buy if you are BB fan.

The cell phone works excellent in Venezuela. I like it so much

Just what I expected from BB- perfect for my use -received on time as well. Will support BB time and again!

I'm enjoying my new bbz10! Was away from blackberry for a bit but I'm back and loving it more than ever before!Only problem is that the latest software update has not yet reached my country for this device....!! but I'm sure it will rock when I get it!

I hesitated a lot before buying this phone. I also have an I-phone 4. The Z-10 works great. Takes some getting used to as thins are slightly different .Still a lot to figure out but other than that just great.

i cant send sms texts...i have reinstalled the software and says is the cell has a falilure..is not what i expected and the seller does not repond my emails

If you are looking for a not overpriced phone like samsung or iphone, but with almost the same capacities this one is for you, very limited on games app and stuff but is worth, so if you like get it

The service provided is very good but the product I got from Mango Wirelles came with manufacturing defect.&#34;The product arrived defective, When you turn it off after a few seconds and then turns and reboots Constantly. I want to replace the factory default.&#34;I want to receive recommendations for refund.Thank you.Sorry the above comment was related to this product.thanks

The Blackberry Z10 came exactly the way it was described, it is worth all the money. My best blackberry so far

I have owned the IPhone, Galaxy 3, and the BlackBerry Torch. They all had pros and cons. The BlackBerry was always superior for productivity and security, but lacked the performance and media functions of the IPhone and Galaxy. The IPhone and Galaxy had great features but the productivity features, seems to be an afterthought and not well refined. The Z10 has combined the best of all device features while retaining and improving on the productivity features. I finally found a phone that I love for both work and play. This is the best phone I've owned so far and I hope BlackBerry continues to improve and innovate on future releases.

I'm so thoroughly enamored with BB10 after only one week of using it. I have an S3 through Verizon, but I bought a Z10 from Canada because I couldn't wait any longer. When I have to use my S3, I find it clumsy and slow and I'm not talking processor speed. I'm talking about the user interface (UI) I am constantly phantom swiping, then I realize I have to look for buttons/keys, etc. Why should I have to look around click the 'back' arrow a dozen times to get out of an app? Swipe up, it's minimized. Tap the 'X' if I've the urge, to close the app. I have 4, 6, 8 open at times with NO performance penalty.

I am keeping this short, as I in principle agree with most of the praise sung in the five star reviews.However, I find pitifully misengineered and simply unacceptable the device's power performance. Instead of the 13 days standby / 10 hours talk time I get barely 12 hours of standby and half an hour of phone conversation, before the battery is completely drained. I have already exchanged the battery once, thus it really seems to be the device itself.I have seen that this problem is discussed frequently in online forums, and am a bit amazed that no-one brought it up in the Amazon reviews... I will exchange the device and hope that I will be back with a better rating afterwards. For now the Z10 takes you back to the stone age of mobile devices, when anything above 10 hours was a small miracle...If anyone could share their experience with battery life I would be grateful. It would be reassuring to know that in principle the device has a decent battery performance, and mine just a bad specimen... Thx.

Stopped connecting to the mobile network after a month or so and can only get internet through wifi. Cant return now since the time for that has passed.

The Z10 is hands down the best smartphone I have ever had the experience of using, I find myself not even needing my laptop anymore.  I can't wait to try out the Q10

Have to agree, this is the best phone I've owned and I've owned almost everything.  Fast, real multitasking, best security out there.  I have the T-Mo USA version which also has wifi-calling (Apple won't allow on their T-mo phones... of course, because it would make their clunky Viber obsolete).  The form factor is also excellent -- big enough to act as a tablet, small enough to still be a phone.  Also, best screen ever for bright daylight viewing.  Replaceable battery, memory media that can be changed or upgraded... phone gets a bad rap from the deeply stupid reviewers who have become iPhone zombies.

The phone per se is OK. It has a very good camera and is pretty fast. A couple of times. I have had to reset the phone because the camera wouldn't work. One drawback is that the phone does not have a "back" button so sometimes the swiping back can be troublesome. Another drawback - for me a major drawback - is the lack of apps; I am getting to the point of frustration because about 2 out of 3 apps I want to install does not exist for the Z10; even some apps that I did have installed on my previous Blackberry aren't available for this one. So, if you just want a good phone with a good camera, this one is as good as any; but if you want to use the most popular apps on your phone, steer clear of the Z10!

I got what I wanted. A factory unlocked blackberry Z10 3G bands compatible with Movistar Venezuela. Works perfectly without any problems...

I bought the wrong version...you must notice that this is a stl-1 version

The phone is very good, but I had to travel to South America, especially Peru, and I installed a chip telephone (movistar) and I can not access the internet. When you buy the phone unlocked They told me it was and does not work here in South America. The cell phone and is ok, but the Internet does not capture signal. Because of this I can say that the phone does not help and do not recommend.Please tell me that I can do to make functions, bandwidth or can be of that does not work. Please help me.

the phone is god by the apps is faill,, need mor app, can't dowwnald whatsapp for blackberry 10 is a problemthe phone need skype, and others aplications

I am facing battery problems with my blackberry z10, it drains when the battery meter shows half. The OS is not a version that work good for this model I think it needs upgrade.

This phone is just amazing, easy and have big screen which makes much handy when you work on some docs. Love it

I just bought my new Blackberry Z10 smartphone about a couple of days ago so I am still learning from it. However, it seems it will work well here in US. One issue i have faced with my phone is that as I tried to download Viber from the App store, I was told that the item is not available for your selected advice, i.e. blackberry Z10. So does it mean viber does not work with type of phone?

I love this phone, simply because it is something new, fresh, a nice interface and Blackberry really did pull it off with this phone.. The keyboard is definitely the best on the market right now :)

I like the build quality of this phone, the processor is also fast but I wish it's an android OS so that I can install other apps that are free, There are only few apps for BB that are great and free you'll have to buy awesome apps. But anyway I don't regret buying one because It's cheap and the quality is exceptional.

ill do give thois 4 stars because the phone does the job, but Its a shame that this phones need to take off the battery every while. I can tell because i used a lot of this blackberry devices and this model also needs this.

Very like it, But I still lose some hope since it can install many softwares which can be used in andorid and iphone, such as, QQ, Chinese input method.

Not 4G

I had my Z10 for several months and it does what I want. Great browser and camera. Easy to download latest on. I would recommend.

I ordered the stl 100-3 model and was shipped the stl 100-4 with the Verizon logo to the front which was very upsetting.  However thankfully it worked with my service provider so I kept it.  The phone is fast unlike previous blackberry phones and has a decent camera.  It doesn't have a back button but I learnt how to close the apps quickly. I gave gave it 3 stars cause of of the the screen isn't gorilla glass so it  keeps the mark of of your finger prints and no back button makes it harder to use.  Personally I rather the S4 great phone.

The Cell Phone was sent to use in Venezuela, It can receive and do calls, BUT the internet options didn't work.I returned the product.

I wanted to stay in the blackberry world, and this phone fullfiled my expectations. Excellent seller with a fast response, I recieved what was promised

This is the freshest OS in a phone today. I'm coming from a BlackBerry 9900 however it was between this and the Note 2, but the keyboard on this thing is like nothing I've ever typed on before. It is truly 98% accurate and I can honestly type faster than a physical keyboard. It learns your words and a simple flick sends them up. Amazing.Oh and storymaker rocks!

I bought this one as a gift to my young brother. He loved it as well. will definitely recommend this phone to others.

It is functioning very well I will like to recommend it to any one that desires a good product  Thanks

Worst Blackberry I have ever owned. I am a fan of Blackberry, that being said. This phone is atrocious. It literally feels like a brick in hand. It is hard to manipulate single handed, and when speaking into it your mouth must be touching in order for people to hear you. Additionally, the phone lags, the touch screen is slow, and texting is miserable. When conducting a text, or business email, or related features the touch screen is horrendous. It is oversensitive, constantly flipping screen angles, hard to swipe, answer calls, etc. I will be going back to my BB Bold. Buttons are good for business. They are quick, sure of target, and user friendly. Lastly, Blackberry make business phones! We do not need apps, or touch screens, we need quick, user friendly, business friendly phones. Touchscreens are for the unemployed and takers, not the makers!

All according to the seller said, my phone was model STL-1003 as the me the had said is unlocked from factory and arrived in perfect condition, without any complaint from this user, as I had a doubt sent you a message and as soon as the podia answered me clarifying my doubt.

Eventough I bougth a Phone that was supposed to be unlocked, I've been impossible to make him work properly with other mobile company. I don't know if is because is for Verizon, but the case is that doesn't work properly and the battery ran out of charge quickly, it doesn't have been charge for a day since I bougth it.My feed back could not be possitive this time.On august I boyught other BB Z10 and it work perfect!I don't recommend this seller.Sorry

Simply, brand new feature, the cell outrage almost like the iphone. Blackberry just bring the joy out of some one . An excellent gift to get or give WOW

Highy recomendet. Fast WiFi. Easy to operate. Have a lot of Apps. Screen is with wery good resolution and excellent quality.

I am in love with this phone -- Tip: Grann to connect to Instagram -- it works perfetly on the 4G networkGrea features

The phone is amazing and the support is better. BlackBerry always keeps improving there product and you don't have to upgrade your model. Love it

The battery to the phone is below expectation. I have to charge the phone almost every one hour. The battery doesn't last for most 2-3 hours. So, I find myself always charging the phone.

I have to say this phone is a breath of fresh air from the Androids Ive been used to. The gestures are easy to learn. took me about 2 hours to really get a good handle on it. Always looking for the back button at first. The hub is just nice. Every thing works slick on this phone. Browsing is great and the option to run flash is there or you can turn it off. I bought mine off contract to use on Verizon from a Verizon employee. I had to go to crackberry to get a leaked OS to be able to load android apps without side loading. Of the 4-5 i loaded all but one works right. BBM is great, never messed with it before, but use it to communicate with my kids when they are with their mother. Yes I call them too lol. They use it on an Android phone and an Ipad and message speed is just blazing fast, and I can talk to them both at the same time. It uses data but when you use it on wifi that is no issue. The external speaker is great. Better than any android I ever had. Call quality is crystal clear. Battery is about as good as most smartphones. Nothing special. Reception on this phone beats my droid hands down. It isnt perfect but still really good. Texting on this thing is so nice compared to android. It is really hard to mess up. Voice to text works really well for me. Better than another reviewer said it did for them. I have a midwestern accent as well. Hasnt put a word in wrong for me yet.  Overall, if the phone holds up, and BB keeps making them like this, I will never own anything but BB from now on. This is my first BB by the way. Always androids before.

I have been a loyal Blackberry phone user for many years . I did not like my recent expirience with the BB Playbook or their customer service and almost switched to another phone type . I seen the Z10 in ads and quickly changed my mind . I upgraded my Curve for the Z10 and i am happy i did. I was hesitant at first because of my love of an actual keyboard with buttons , but that quickly disappated. This phone is so fast and so easy to use that even a button masher like me can appreciate it. I had an ITurd lover tell me im stuck in the stone age for buying BB , this phone is far from stone age , in fact it's faster than my friend's ITurd . I really love this phone and if anyone is hesitant to try it out, don't be , it's a great phone.

I use the white Z10 that is identical to this listing. However, I noticed in the pictures used for this listing that the phone is for Verizon? Verizon does not use the GSM band, they have a CDMA network, so I don't know how this would be possible. Other reviewers have stated that there are different model numbers i.e. 100-1, 100-2, 100-3, etc. so I won't elaborate on that. However, it is great council to watch the model number when ordering as well as ensuring the phone is GSM so you can use it on GSM networks like AT&T; and other low-cost prepaid companies who use GSM.Note: I purchased my GSM Z10 to run on StraightTalk and have to unlock the developer side of the phone in order to get it to save the StraightTalk network as my data provider. (There are many articles about APN setting difficulties for StraightTalk SIM cards used in these phones. However, it was an easy work around. Had I used the phone on AT&T; or other providers, I wouldn't have had to do this extra step.)

I believe, Blackberry Z10 is the best smart phone in the marked. The price/value relation is superior compered with any other smart phone.

The Z10 from Blackberry is out of this world. They have finally figured it out! love the product 100% Without a doubt I would recommend it!

Phone seems to be working ok  and I pray it would continue. All icons and buttons are in good condition.Thanks.

If you are looking for a Blackberry Z10, you must be sure the exact model you need for your carrier. here im explaining the models basicly the BANDS they will or can work on.BlackBerry Z10 STL100-1 (aka R072): (Started in UAE but now in many other countries)Quad Band EDGE (850/900/1800/1900 MHz)Quad-Band HSPA+ 1, 2, 5/6, 8 (850/900/1900/2100 MHz) with support for 21Mbps HSPA+BlackBerry Z10 STL100-2 (aka R086): (UK version and other carriers)Quad Band EDGE (850/900/1800/1900 MHz)Tri Band HSPA+ 1, 5/6, 8 (2100/850/900 MHz)Quad Band LTE 3, 7, 8, 20 (1800/2600/900/700 MHz)BlackBerry Z10 STL100-3 (aka R070): (AT&T; and many other carriers)Quad Band EDGE (850/900/1800/1900 MHz)Quad-band HSPA+ support: UMTS 800/850, UMTS 1700, UMTS 1900, UMTS 2100 MHz band (800/850/1700/1900/2100)Quad Band LTE 2, 5, 4, 17 (700/850/1900/1700 MHz)BlackBerry Z10 STL100-4 (aka R069): (Verizon Wireless)CDMA/PCS (850/1900 MHz)WCDMA Band 1 & 8 (900/2100 MHz)Quad Band GSM/EDGE (850/900/1900/1800 MHz)LTE Band-13 (700MHz)Hope you find this helpfull

Amazingly fast OS.... most responsive screen. The keyboard is best amongst iphone, android and windows phone. camera performance can be improved slightly, but not bad that i would really complain.the best thing is the wickedly smooth OS. Very well thought of, this is the most versatile smartphone OS in the market today. I was concerned about the apps, but all the apps that i use are now in the store.

I'm angry because the one i bought is a refixed. And the seller didn't say it, the IMEI of the device can't match with the package on the box.Also i can't check the IMEI on the website.  The camera often doesn't work, so I have to restart it again and again, so, you know, it's a refreshed device. Because I'm a Chinese customer, and I can't repair it imamitly

I am really enjoying the camera this phone has. The screen resolution  is awesome.This phone is much cheaper than the other phones with similar specs.

The device works wonders and I just can't get enough of Blackberry, I have had all sort of blackberry device in the last 7 years and they are yet to come short of my expectations

Awsome phone! It's very plastic yo my taste but is a excelent device, very fast for the applications, i recommend it.

The phone had exceeded my expectations on Z10, so I recommend it to anyone who wants to mix, business, personal, and social communication, allows a good resolution, design, and weight, keeping up to date in today's world. You just have to hope that as many apps on the market

The Blackberry is reliable, fast and never stop. Even if it has fewer apps available I do not care. Shipment arrived completes the charger with plug U.S.  and EU.

Love, love, love this Blackberry!  I was very nervous to get the touch screen keyboard...I think all of us Blackberry users are fans of the keyboard.  I had used other people's phones and felt like I had the biggest fingers out there because I couldn't get the correct letter to come up (I'm 5'1&#34;, so I have tiny fingers!), but this keyboard is nothing like the others.  It really does learn how you type and the words you frequently use.  It was a bit of learning curve, but once I had the hang of it, it was a breeze.  The hub is awesome- love having everything right there rather than going to the different icons.  I'm sure if you are an Apple or Android person, you will not like this phone because it is not built to be an iphone or Android.  But, if you love what Blackberry has to offer, you won't be disappointed.

Seller kept their promise...I love the look and feel of the item. Just wish I knew the little quirks about the item, like short battery life.

it is new and i am one of the first to have itmy Husband brought it for me for Mother's day

AMAZING..The HUB is very good.The camera is amazing, you can change the focus of what you will take.For internet browsing is super fast.

Phone is working fine, screen very clear, video player plays all formats i select, after start up programs run very fast..really good phone

This phone still needs a lot of work n fix before releasing to public. The app n media is poor quality.

I've bought this device (on april, 14th) as a replacement for my BB Torch 2. I tested Iphone 4 and 5, and some Samsung Galaxy and Motorola Razr devices, but none of them really liked me.I had to admit that I do not like the Samsung quality and the sensation of this phone in my hands. For my humble point of view, I never get friendly with the Android's interface. Among the many cell phones that I used, I always missed the Palm Treo, your rock solid design, and GUI.I work like a patent engineering in electric field. I spent many hours per week researching tech info, so to make up my mind, I did a research and I came across that this BB could be a very good option besides many negatives reviews.Virtual keyboard:I really hesitate to replace because I love the Torch's keyboard, but after few hours of use the Z10, the virtual keyboard I realize that the virtual keyboard it's outstanding. The predictive option it is very good. It helps so much because predicts the following word in mostly cases. I do not consider the BB Q10 (it has a physical keyboard) because I was looking for a bigger screen.Battery life:I read in a post that if I run an app and closed it after used it, the battery life improve, because this background task was killed. I did it and I get more than 14 hs.Made Quality:It has been well designed and constructed, the size it is very good, and I have the sensation that I have a very good piece of engineering in my hand, not a toy.Ecosystem:Many apps that I use it weren't developed to BB already, but after downloaded the Amazon App, I could installed and run it like a breeze.BB gesture:It's taking a time to get familiar with, but after this it's so easy to use it.BB OS 10:I really like the stability, until now after installed almost 20 apps, the Z10 never hang it or showed weird error's'pop up sign.BB Hub.It is a simple but very effective app that concentrates the main incomings notification that the user received. It's very useful and very addictive.BB headphones:Far away in terms of quality from the previous top models. There are fair but not outstanding. I missed the noise cancelling ear silicone.Quality of In/Out calls:I really impressed because sometimes I have to set the volume down to get more comfort. I can talk and listen without any problem.Copy and paste:In the BB Torch, it was a nightmare to do it every time I need it. In OS 10, BB Engineers solved this issue and it's simple and intuitive as it has to be.Cradle:I really missed the BB Torch's cradle to charge it and use the cell phone like a clock. Actually BB does not design anyone. Thirds party suppliers offer some option but I did not buy anyone of this.Holster:It comes with anyone. I had to buy to protect it.Camera:.I am a photo enthusiast, using everyday a DSLR, so any cell phone never gives me what I looking for. It is fair for occasional photos.GUI (Graphical user interface)It's clean with very good icon's design. It is possible to make folders and gathers icons.HDMI mini port:I hadn't tried this yet. I don't have the cable. It's possible to hooking up a cable and broadcast any movie from the BB to the TV.Update:After 3 weeks of using it, one morning at home I went to my bathroom and absent mindedly I dropped the cell phone into the toilet. Few seconds before I took a piss. I took it out immediately, took the battery out, cleaned it and put it 24 hs into rice. After this I dissembled and cleaned all the circuits. The Z10 came from death and now I am using with out any problem. Here in argentina the regular price is 500 dolars with contract plan in any carrier, I thought that I had to buy it again!

Buenos d&iacute;as, realice la compra de este producto a principios del mes de marzo pero por razones ajenas a mi voluntad,  mi empresa de env&iacute;os me lo entrego a principios del mes de junio, al principio y durante 3 semanas el tel&eacute;fono funciono perfectamente, luego de este tiempo el tel&eacute;fono una noche se apago y no volvi&oacute; a encender, por lo que pr&aacute;cticamente no pude disfrutar de mi compra, quisiera saber que tipo de garant&iacute;a tiene el tel&eacute;fono y cual seria el procedimiento para hacer valer dicha garant&iacute;a debido a queme encuentro en Venezuela, gracias.Mi email es thewolfin@hotmail.com y lopezejuanc@gmail.comGood morning, do you buy this product in early March but for reasons beyond my control, my shipping company so give me early June, at the beginning and for 3 weeks the phone worked perfectly after this time the phone was shut down overnight and did not turn, so practically could not enjoy my purchase, I would like to know what kind of warranty does the phone and what would be the procedure to enforce this guarantee because burn match in Venezuela , thank you.

If you are concern about processor speed, Please, be careful when buying this item, vendor does not specify the model number, I just found out that there are 3 models for the Z10 series...The  STL-100-1 has the slowest processor of the series...

is a very nice phone, working 100% in venezuela, i recomend this product, fast, and good, look great but i dont like BlackBerry, but nothing worng whit this phone

Has not had a problem with the phone.  It works fine. I am happy with merchandise. It an attractive phone.

Got it already and it works like a charm. Tough adaptation in the first chatting with the keyboard, but now the keyboard just like a magic for me.Whoever wants to try and challenge yourself moving from physical keyboard to touchscreen, this is the one for it.

June 25,2013: Just put my SIM card in the phone and got going. The phones fast and responsive and the keyboard is one of the best touch screen keyboards I have ever used. It still has a few bugs but until they releases 10.1 I will have to wait with the bugs, but there not that bad. If you like a fun different experience I would go with this phone. The app world have several apps but I never really cared for apps but to me a lot of the apps look good even if they are side loads. Give this phone a try.Update November 4,2013: Have had this phone for 4 months and loving it. I have updated it to 10.2 and am enjoying the new features it has to offer. My favorite new feature is the toast notifications which let you reply to a message without leaving a app. also with 10.2 all bugs that were bothering me have been fixed and no more glitches. I'm glad to see that the app store is getting better with more high quality games. Still waiting for more exclusive apps but they are starting to trickle in. I have the -1 model on AT&T; but haven't had any problems with network connectivity or speed. Great phone and i really recommend it.

Have had my z10 for 72 hours now and I am ready to say it is a great phone. It will take some time to get used to the touchscreen typing, but after a day or two you should have no problems. Congrats to Blackberry. It was a long wait to get here, but worth it.

so... what i can say? love the OS, great, smooth, also with nice design and back plastic so soft and sleek with great feeling.

Great, no doubt about it. It is a mix between Galaxy and Iphone models. It would be better if you'd have more apps.

hi I bought A Z10 from you and I cant use it with my carrier ..there telling me that I need a Stl100-1 or a Stl100-3an the one I bought is a Stl100-2...can you tell me how I can get the to work so I can be happy with it...it same like the APN needs to change..my carrier is Digicel ...thank you

I am very happy with the Z10 but I would have given this review a FIVE star if I had purchased the Z10 with 4G - it is important that you make it clear the the product sold was in fact a 3G model and not 4G as I expected.RegardsGlenn

I just replaced my iphone to this phone and am not looking back. I have been so pleasantly surprised by this phone. It blows my mind how quickly I can navigate between opening a new app, getting to an already open app, my email, texts, etc. I love swiping quickly between the screens, truly innovative. The camera is great, I understand it has a feature where it captures a few seconds before and after the photo is taken and this can be used in case the subject blinks etc. The browser speed blows my iphone out of the water. I also love how the url/search box is on the bottom of the phone, compared to the top on the iphone. Many times with my old phone in google I had problems with trying to re-type in the search bar and the keyboard would push the search bar out of screen. I have no issues with battery life as was one of my initial concerns with the phone. Seems to be holding up great. The keyboard is absolutely amazing with the new feature that can finish the word for you by making a small swipe up. Another concern I had with the phone was the apps available; however, I spoke with netflix this morning and the representative reported that they are currently working on developing an app for blackberry, so this is great news. I think in the next upcoming weeks we will be seeing thousands more apps becoming available as the phone grows in popularity. I remember when iphone started and there were barely an any apps available. Regardless, I love this phone, the speed, "the hub," truly a remarkable phone! I don't think I could ever go back to an iphone.

The shipping estimate time was not even close...arrived 5 days later than the time window provided in purchase confirmation.  Tracking documentation emailed to me was incorrect; wrong shipment method and wrong tracking number provided.This cell phone was not in the new BlackBerry factory box.  The unsealed box had &#34;rough&#34; corners and appeared to be used.Charger cord and earphones were missing.  Instructions were all printed in a foreign language...No English version enclosed. Pictorial color diagram was not labeled in English.  It appeared to me this item had been tampered with, therefore I refused it.  I expected a new BlackBerry in a new, sealed, factory box; That's not what I received.

Blackberry makes variations of the STL100-3 Z10.  This vendor is selling the Verizon version (RFF91LW). None of the Verizon phones are considered 'Factory Unlocked', since they are locked to Verizon by Blackberry at the time of manufacture. Therefore, any RFF91LW that is unlocked cannot accurately be claimed to be 'Factory Unlocked'. It would have to be unlocked by a 3rd Party.  Next, and perhaps most important, the Verizon version is the 'Tri-band' RFF91LW and does not include the HSPA (UMTS 4 band) 1700 frequency, like its 'Quad-band' counterpart the RFK121LW.  The only performance distinction between these models is that if you use the RFF91LW  on T-Mobile in a non-4G LTE area, you will be unable to achieve 3G performance and the phone will drop to 2G performance levels. If the phone is used in a T-mobile 4G LTE service area, there would be no performance difference at all (in the U.S.; performance on some Canadian carriers may vary). When you order a Z10 directly from Blackberry, they offer only the RFK121LW and is available for about the same price from a variety of sources. The  Blackberry Z10 is an amazing value at the prices currently available from this and other vendors. This information is offered to help all Z10 shoppers make an informed buying decision and for no other reason.

these phone looks like used and the box it came in it's not the common one it's just some random box. el telefono para mi luce usado y la caja en la que vino definitivamente es usada, ademas la banda LTE que yo queria no la trajo me mandaron un modelo STL100-3 Y en Venezuela se necesita es el modelo STL100-2

This phone has potential, but still some ways from challenging my Samsung Galaxy S3.  It has some features that are not apparent in the other devices, but they do get some getting use to.  All in all not a bad device.  I just wish Blackberry had produced this a bit earlier

Me encanta este telefono (:

A coworker was looking at my phone today and we got to talking about it.  I have had it for about 2 weeks now, and realized I really love this phone.I have been an Android user for the last few years.  I left my old blackberry behind because it just felt old and outdated.  I enjoyed android, but it was always a little buggy.  I had to restart the phone every day or two or it would get laggy.The Z10 is fast and responsive.  It works great.  I haven't taken the time to really get to know the keyboard, but I do notice that it fixes more of my mistakes than the Android keyboard did.  I can just type haphazardly away and then when I go back and read my message, most of the time it is 100% accurate.I also use voice controls quite a bit, and for the most part it works very well.  I would like to see more features in the future, but it does all the things I really need it to do.I had serious battery drain issues at first, but I made 3 tweaks and now I get through the day without dipping below about 60% battery life:1. Settings - Network Connections - Mobile Networks.  Changed Network Technology to LTE instead of Global.2. Settings - Display.  Allow Gestures when locked to OFF.  This is a tradeoff because it's pretty cool to just swipe up from the bottom of the screen to wake up the phone.  But I don't mind pushing the on button instead.  This is supposed to save a little battery life.3. Settings - Security and Privacy - Encryption.  OFF.  I read somewhere that this helps the battery life.  I don't know how important it is to have the encryption.  Maybe I should turn it back on.  But I'm not really that important, and after doing all 3 of these things, I am getting great battery life.My wife is not a techy person, she just wants her stuff to work.  I was a little worried that she wouldn't like the phone, but so far she is really liking it.  She would like Pinterest and Instagram apps.  Not currently available, so that is a bummer.We both went in with the attitude that we had 14 days to try them out, so we would send them back if we didn't like them.  Well, we like these phones.  We are keeping them.

So good

defective product. i had bought this phone for my lil sis n from da moment she turned it on it wasn't working properly

My Blackberry is a busines tool and Blackberry removed the most important tool in their phone and that is the Contact, Calendar and Task sync command with Outllok

I am happy with the latest update OS of this phone, as it can directly install most of the android apps.Only few things dont work properly which is of android. One drawback is that it take too much time in booting :( but I think most of blackberry product has same issue. But it is stable.First I was thinking of having android phone, but fortunately I have made a good decision by choosing Z10. Another big issue is its battery, it dies in a day with wifi always ON, BB should have improved it little better because while doing video chat you will find the issue of battery.

The Phone is amazing and im super happy, it was a fast delivery, it came in to the original box, never opened before,the Phone is super elegant absolutely gorgeous all was beyond my expectentipns...thank you....you guys are a super store.

Do yourself a favor.  Before buying any other phone, check out the Z10.It's truly a work of art!Incredible device.  Also, best security and privacy out there.

new things And fastwr to use it, ta theta begening its hard to use but when you know the way its so godo And stable

This Blackberry is the best I've had so far. Everything works wonderfully and the UI is quite intuitive. The only negative thing is the sent me Version 4, which doesn't work properly in Argentina (no 3G).

The phone is very good, it is very easy to use. the only detail is that I had to cut my sim card to place it in the slot but as soon as I put work wonders.

So far one of the best phone that i have been bought.Faster than others phones in the same categories, not so big and not so small, perfect for my job.

I must say that the BB10 has been a little disappointing it has some minor upgrades before it can live up to its hype.  (WORLD WIDE DISTRIBUTORS)The distributor that is selling them (WORLD WIDE DISTRIBUTORS) is another headache all together the WARRANTY DOES NOT TRANSFER it is only valid if the purchaser (WORLD WIDE DISTRIBUTORS) files returns the product. this bit of info isn't included in the small print the warranty does not transfer they (WORLD WIDE DISTRIBUTORS) refuse to assist in any way to remedy my almost 700 dollar investment in the NEW BB10 all they would have to do is return it on my behalf and return it to me when it is repaired wright people  if you cant beet them

First off, I'm probably going to take some heat from this review. BlackBerry users are fierce when it comes to any negativity. I understand, you love your phone. However, everyone should know what they're getting into when they're buying a phone. This is just one average users opinion, take it with a grain of salt and keep in mind all of the positive things along with the negatives when you're deciding to spend the next two years with a phone.I'll be comparing the Z10 with my experiences with the iPhone 5 and a few android phones. I'm a long time user of androids, and a new user of the iPhone. I had this phone for approximately a week before my trail period ended with Verizon and I could still exchange for another phone cheaply. If you have an extra $35 to decide if this phone is truly for you, I would definitely take that path. Ask your Carrier the conditions on trying out a new phone, and how long you can keep it before they charge you ANOTHER activation fee (if you keep it over a certain period of time and then exchange it, you'll be hit with two activation charges AND a restocking fee.)On too the review...I'll start with the negative first, so the positives don't seem so glamorous. Be aware I said negative, singular. It's a big negative for a lot of people and a deal breaker for me. As much as there is to love (as you've probably already read with the many positive reviews) there's really something that's detrimental to this phone: the app market. Many users have slightly dismissed this and people often don't give apps enough thought when choosing a phone. Mostly because they've always been there, and presumably, always will. This is especially true for a brand new BlackBerry user (such as myself and the group BlackBerry is targeting with this phone). Strongly consider how many apps you use. Nowadays, apps basically rule the phone. It's not so important any more the gigs of ram it has, or whether it's a quad processor or dual. If there are no apps to take advantage of hardware, it's basically a moot point. And honestly, there really aren't many apps that take advantage of the powerful system.There aren't many apps at all.One of the things that makes the iPhone so crazy popular are the apps. All apps are meticulously combed by Apple itself, and most apps are cheap, well made, and extremely useful. When a company decides to build an app, they instinctively choose Apple. Then comes an Android version. However, most major developers such as Google, Netflix, Facebook, Amazon, Skype, Spotify, Instagram, Hulu, smaller banks, and a lot of others have ignored BlackBerry. The thing is; it's incredibly easy to port an android app to the BlackBerry. You could even do it yourself, really, you can (albeit in a buggier state). Why haven't they? Honestly, I have no idea. It's a large user base they can take advantage of, it's bigger than Windows mobile. But what matters is they haven't, and some, such as Netflix, have already stated they have no interest in doing so. BlackBerry has announced they're negotiating with Skype to build an app. That was months ago. As I've already said, you could probably port a buggy version of Skype yourself. So what's taking a multibillion corporation so long to do it? Most likely, they have no real intention of making an app. If you, yourself, can do it, it would probably only take a day for ONE professional programmer to make a native BlackBerry app. They've had 4+ months.This was a huge, unforgivable deal for me. When the Verizon Rep. first told me there wasn't that many apps, I kind of shrugged, I thought maybe he was exaggerating and all the apps I wanted would be there, either that or I could live without them. However, when I received the phone it turned out I had a really hard time not having the apps I used every single day not there. Spotify, a music service I absolutely love, was not there. Netflix wasn't there, Skype wasn't there, Amazon wasn't there, YouTube wasn't there, Google Maps wasn't there (BlackBerry's version is okay - not great), my password safe wasn't there (you can't copy and paste into password fields anyways), and other smaller apps and games I really enjoyed weren't there either. The rep wasn't kidding. There really aren't that many apps. I decided, however, I have the phone so I might as well give it the good ol' college try and see what happens. Soon enough I found myself not being able to rely on my phone. All the things I used to do, I really couldn't do anymore. I felt like I was compromising all the time with it. In the end, I felt it was too much not to be able to use my phone like I wanted too, it simply wasn't worth it, and I wasn't about to wait indefinitely for developers to maybe, someday, kind of, develop an app for it. I'd tweet this as a huge first world problem - but there's no Twitter app to do that either.But, I understand there's people who don't use Spotify, Netflix, or any of the others I use daily. They might never have even thought to use them even if they were available. And to those people I say: this is the best phone on the market for you. It's really outstanding, seriously, it's phenomenal. There's so many things I did love about the phone. It's quick, it's smooth, the browser and keyboard is the top of it's class. Mutitasking is an absolute breeze and the phone is super intuitive. This is the ultimate business phone. But that's just it. It's the ultimate business phone, and in it's current state, leaves little room to do anything else other than productivity.However... if you're the type of person who uses even one of the apps I mentioned that aren't there, then you'll never be completely satisfied with this phone. I think everyone will love a lot of things about this phone, but when they learn they can't use the phone like they'd expect because of a lack of apps, they'll also learn to hate the phone.

This phone looks and feels good! The battery last a very long time and I can get trhough the day without any charging; I do a lot of calls. Its easy to use and I like the BB hub, its so convenient to have everything in one place. The camera is also really good! The touch screen keyboard is so accurate, I can type fast and hardly miss a letter. A must a try phone!

Fist of all I must say that is ia the best phone ive ever had and the best softwere there is out there.ive had apple devices al well as android and this is much better...!!!this supports 4g lte and its supper fast... the key bord is amazing and well as interface. there arent many apps as android or os but the few that exists are just awsome. I will give this phone a 4.5 althought if is had a much better battery I would give it a 5. I do recoment this phone.

I will never buy a Blackberry again my life!I have Samsung's Note and Note 2 , Motorola Rarz and they always work!With the Z10, nothing works!The cameras is always black, it only worked one week!The battery lasts two hours!I can't configurate right the email's (and I always got along with that will all my other models)!Realy sucks!Dont'get traped with this horrible product!

the product came with microphone problems and can not speak unless you use a headset or speaker, I am in Venezuela and I have not returned equipment as

The phone is offered unlocked and was blocked.It was necessary to call AT & T to unlock and use it

Very wonderful product. Great interface & very well built. Will compete with apple & android or infancy better than them.Love this product & recommend fully to others.

Perhaps, the best phone for people with multiple business and lot of mails to read. I guess BB was created for some kind or elite not necessary rich, but busy people. Now the new enterprise that bought RIM should start a new plan for it's users.

My main issue is internet connectivity over ATT cellular is very spotty on this where as on Android, Windows Phone 8 and IOS worked well in the same area. It does zing on wifi but I hardly use it at home.Secondly Blackberry has released 1- 2 updates and I haven't been able to get any from At&t.; Perhaps it will work better when I travel internationally

The z10 is simply better for core functionality than anything out there, including iphone5 and sg3. BlackBerry knocked this one out of the park and is back in the game.

This is the worst phone I've ever had. I have 3-4 call drops per conversation, can not use it for calls

With all the excellent phones on the market, RIM has fallen down on their tech support and products. They tired, but have not made the mark. Blackberry Protect no longer backs up the phone. The phone will not restore to older backups after an OS upgrade, voice dialing will not work in the newest update of the OS and the battery life is really poor.

i did not have the chance to use it because it was stolen or lost in the mail on it's way to venezuela so i think i would enjoy it if i had the chance

i must say this phone is the worst thing i ever buy in my whole life, i do not know how they spend so much time designing this phone, and comes with a user interface that need an engineer to operate it, it is really really tricky and a horrible interface, i do not expect that this people survive this phoneny interest is not to talk bad about anybody, by the way it is my first review, but the designers need to know what people think about the phone, i do not want to think about it anymorebest regardspeter

The wireless equipment I received in excellent condition. All very well. I am delighted with my new phone, good team is good, easy to use, well synchronized with my own app.

I have owned blackberry's for several years and liked most features. I like having a keyboard. I would like a touch screen-keyboard if it worked consistently. Too often, I have to press over and over again to get a function to work. The touch screen is not consistent with other functions either-really aggravating to press "end call" only to have the phone not respond for 30 seconds even though I tap the screen several times. I am returning this phone to the store.

The Mobile very Good but in box no head setand it's from Verizon marked on it from rear and bagBR.Mohammed Hasan

A very solid, sturdy and useful mobile phone.The touch is very responsive. Only drawback is lack of apps in the appstore. But that is also developing and not a big deal. If you want a good and user friendly mobile phone Z10 is the one.Please See complete Blackberry Z10 review on my my blog :[...]

Its a great movil but its not that easy to learn its capabilities, needs a better manual. I'm hapy  with it.

I read through many reviews on the Z10 before purchasing it from Amazon and I have to say that I am glad I did. The seller Tailwind International has (at the time of this writing) STL1000-3 models (which have LTE) that are factory unlocked from AT&T.; I would HIGHLY recommend them as they are very helpful. In case anyone reading this review is thinking about putting this phone on straight talk wireless service, know that I was able to successfully get this device working on ST's service with Data, MMS, voice, and texting all working fairly easily (But do this at your own risk as things could change!).As for the device itself, I originally had an old BlackBerry Curve so I've been blown away by what this device can do (and the STL1000-3 comes with the snapdragon processor, which makes it super snappy!). The hub keeps everything in one spot so that you can check messages of multiple accounts at a glance. I haven't had it running long enough to go into detail about the battery life, but from what I've seen the battery is fairly good in getting through a work day of heavy use (if you turn off bluetooth, etc.).Overall I really love this device and am glad to have something that is so functional, professional, yet fun at the same time. It takes a little getting used to with the swipes and all, but once you have that down it's a breeze.

Because I took phone to a megatel store an come to find out this phone was a galaxy 3 inside blackberry case lol .....using blackberry network

Great phone works perfect

Best keyboard, in blackberry style they have perfected the virtual keyboard - use it for a few days and you'll never go back.Amazing Web browser - can do almost everything a desktop computer can.Beautiful screen, perfect size bigger than Iphone but not so big it won't fit in your pocket.The hub makes it easy to manage all social mediaCamera is great - like a time machineRemember app is a time saverBest phone and Os available so far.

I feel like blackberry removed some of the most critical tools I used for business.  Probably the most important thing for me was being able to do a very granular email search.  I could type a name in the name field and a keyword in the message field.  That search was replaced with what IOS uses which is either searching a subject OR all fields OR the message field.  I've never found these kinds of searches as useful.I also noticed that by maybe the forth email down in a series of threaded communications, the column width was reduced to a a single character making it unreadable.  I even noticed one email I sent looked completely normal on my screen, but showed up in a large blue font for the recipient.If blackberry can fix the email issues and debug the OS, I think they'll have a fantastic device.  But that's like saying if that guy wasn't poor, sick, and stupid, he'd make a great husband.  I mean email is the reason blackberry exists in the first place so I think if they broke email, there's no limit to what else might be broken.

The phone works well so no major complaints. The camera on this phone is so much better than my previous blackberry.

This phone is leaps and bounds ahead of the previous BB.  What you used to think about BB, throw it out the window because BB10 is COMPLETELY NEW.The Z10 feels great in the hand. the swiping gestures take a few minutes to get accustomed to, but once you figure it out, it becomes so natural.The keyboard is hands down, the BEST virtual keyboard on any touchscreen phone.  The more you use it, the better it gets.  I don't even bother typing with 2 hands because 1 handed typing it so efficient and fun with flicking words.  The word prediction works great too.Highly Recommended.  Get your Z10 now!

I bought this phone following all the comparison and rating posts on amazon youtube and all other technology related blogs and sites. Disregarding all the financial and trending status of the company Blackberry. And by now this is the most stable, reliable and smooth platform where that i ever worked on a smartphone. Before i had a samsung S3 mini and it was not bad. But had a lot of bugs and virtual memory speed turn offs, not to mention the battery short life. I'm really happy with this phone and i will have it until the company problems affect the good service on my handheld or until i have to change it for renewing technology reasons. I'm really not a follower, i research before to buy and the relation quality/price in this phone is really superior than any other device ever made. Definitely I recommend it. Even over expensive  iphones and huge screened (also expensive) samsung android-based devices. 5 stars!

It&#8216;s a STL100-1 type. This device does not support 4G . No wonder so cheap. I do not like it .

Very good phone, nice OS. works just fine. I like the onscreen keyboard.It needs more apps but are growing.

First of all, before I bought Z10 I have Galaxy S3, Iphone 4 and Nokia lumia 920.This phone is my first Blackberry phone. I just wanted to try BB and see what is the new BB10.In fact, Z10 has a nice design and stylish. Many people asked me about the type of this phone and many could not believe that this is a bb Phone because they used to see BB with physical keyboard.I liked it at the first days. I liked how the hub works and how my emails organised with my other accounts (like Facebook and Twitter).The typing on keyboard is awesome (you should watch it on youtube), The YouTube works even when the screen dims (this is really a great feature that is missing in all other platforms), so I can listen to the music that I easily find in YouTube and lock the screen. Also, Z10 has a great clear sound when I use my SAMSUNG headphone because the headphone that came with Z10 is terrible. Simply, the design, typing style, YouTube unique feature and the great sound were the best things that I experienced with this phone.Now, you might ask yourself why I gave this gadget just two stars with this good criteria.Okay, here is the bad part:-As I told you in the beginning, this is my first Blackberry device, I expected something much higher (woow). I bought it by $650, which extremely expensive for that phone.I started to experience many problems related to YouTube crashing and slow download, I compared the speed of music playing with my 3 other phones and all of them beat Z10.Whats app, which is recently ported to Blackberry World, works very bad. My friends text me and the text appears after few minutes (the same happened when I reply them), so I experiences delay in communication. The hub looks very nice but I used to hear my Lumia and Galaxy ringing when a new E-Mail received then after 30 minutes or more, I receive the same mail. I tried to reduce the time of synchronizing to the minimum limit (15 mins) but nothing has changed.The Camera is terrible and took very crappy images compared to Nokia Lumia 920 or even Galaxy S3. However, it is still better than the ones in Iphone 4.There is always wrong notification in the hub of new email or message or voice mail which is so confucing. I tried many times to erase the notifications or restart my phone, but nothing changed.The device heated many times when I play games on it and drain the battery quickly.Blackberry map or the navigator is non reliable with poor directions and slow road recalculation compared to the fantastic Google maps and the very best Nokia here.The worst part in Z10 is Blackberry world (Apps store) which is extremely awful. No Viber, no skype, no Instagram, no Mobile Voip, No Bank of America, Whats app that is recently being available for Z10 is very lame and not reliable, Very bad ring tones (just I wanted to replace the few and miserable native ringtones with new ones in the store, and I could not find good tones either), very old and obsolete games or apps. Most if not all Android ported apps works terribly on Z10 and I uninstall them after checking.Simply, the apps store is non-functional and useless. I used to take my galaxy S3 with me to make viber calls with my family and later dropped whats app from the Z10 and kept using it on the Galaxy S3.I had to give the Z10 at least 3 stars, but the very high price precluded me from doing this. The price should be not more than $350 for this mediocre phone.I gave Nokia Lumia 920 4 stars because of one problem that is related to  WP store, which is now much more mature than BB store and is keeping in progress. However Nokia's hardware is the best among every manufacturer and I amazed by the power of Lumia 920 and its great features. on the other hand, few features in Z10 amazed me compared to many bad problems in this phone.In conclusion, If you used to have, and kept using BB phones, go and buy this Z10. You will love it. Two of my friends, who are BB old users, bought this and adored it. It is a great idea to change your old Kia Rio with a new beautiful Honda Accord.If you are coming from Apple, Android, or Nokia WP, Please don't buy it. I don't think that you want to leave you Mercedes Benz CLS and jump to Honda Accord, or buy a new Accord with the same price that you paid for your Mercedes CLS.You would see a huge difference in the platform features, usage and performance. It is really boring and non-functional as the other three OS.I tried to be neutral and say the whole truth, and I'm ready if you have any question.Thank you..

First of all, the product arrived within a few days.The phone exceeds all expectations and is excellent for old blackberry users as well as new ones.I would really recommend this phone to anyone; it is friendly user as well as easy to handle.

Don't like RIM-Blackberry, but It is a good phone. Nice OS for being a new one from RIM. Got the Expected STL-100-1 that works with Movilnet and Digitel (Venezuela).

I wore out my previous Blackberry and replaced it with an LG that I eventually discovered had less than 2 gigs of memory and would not synch to Outlook like my now defunct Blackberry. So, after a few months of trying to use the new phone I bought the Blackberry Z-10. Much to my surprise I can't synch my Outlook. The instrument itself is OK. Sure hope they come up with an app.

It has gone beyond my expectaions! It's super fast and so much user friendly than other previous Blackberry cell phones I used in the past. If you want to go to the next level of performance and speed in a slick smarphone from Blackberry this is the right place to start! Love it!

I used to have a Galaxy S3 which was very user unfriendly, and so fragile it fell twice  and the display crashed both times, the replacement display is almost as expensive as a new phone.The Black berry Z10 is a higher quality phone that you can feel when you hod the device and with every interaction.It combines elegance and resistance, and a very fast and responsive interface.Also BB still has the best mobile email client  in the market, in comparison to the very poor Samsung available alternatives of Gmail or K9. and for very poor I am being extremely generous.The only downside yet is the lack of apps for BB, but I understand that they are in their way.

the equipment is working fine but the way I get the phone not, however i am ok with the service

This is really important for everyone to know.  The Z10 comes in four different models.  You have to buy the correct one based on where you live and the carrier you use.  You need to ask the seller which model they are selling.  Go here to see a full description of the four models: [...] .  If you want it to work on ATT or TMobile in the US, you need the 100-3.  Verizon in the US is 100-4.  Some international countries are the 100-2 and 100-1.  Be careful of the 100-1 as this is a 3g phone model only and does not come with the Snapdragon processor.  Do not buy from any vendor until you have asked them which one they sell.  All the vendors are listed under the other "NEW" phones to buy.  Just follow the link on the Amazon page to see a description of all the sellers.  If you don't, you have a 25% chance of getting the right phone for you, which is why so many reviews say "it worked" or "it didn't work" even though they are on the same network.Update 1/9/2014I must say I have been disappointed with the Z10. I really wanted to support Blackberry, but this phone just doesn't do it for me.  Let me note the below may be user error, but some just don't point to the great phone I thought I was getting. I am returning for the following issues:1) Battery life is poor - If I don't use it much for calls it easily makes it through the day and night.  However, on three straight days where I needed to be on the phone straight for 90+ minutes, the phone died and shut off as soon within 30 minutes of usage2) No zoom feature.  You can't pinch the screen and make it larger to read texts, etc.  Yes, you can adjust the font, but this doesn't help me for when I have glasses on or don't.3) The voice recognition is nothing short of dismal.  I have a very flat Midwestern accent. The phone constantly misses easy words and there is no way to correct other than delete the entire string and start over again.4) Where is the on/off for GPS?  It is always on.5) There are not enough of the apps available for this phone as I had on my last Android which I need for work6) I tried to load music to the phone a number of times.  It shows the music, but will not play7) Everything takes more than one step.  For example, to send a text you must open phone, slide over to texts, slide open texts, hit button to create text, go to contacts to find person, select person.  This contrasts with one click on android and start to input name and it pops up.  Everything is two to three extra steps.  Very frustrating8) You can't delete just one text message in a string, but you must delete every text message in a string or none.  This makes no sense to me as you may only want one message gone and not the entire string.9) The phone came with a Blackberry charger, clearly marked Blackberry.  Yet every time I plug it in a message pops up telling me to use the original charger or it will take longer to charge?  But I am using the original Blackberry charger!10) Turning of WiFi calling was nothing but a nightmare.  Every time I entered a WiFi area a notification popped up telling me to initiate WiFi calling.  Very annoying until I spent an hour online to figure out how to disable this feature.11) I saved this for last and for the second time.  The voice recognition is nothing short of terrible.  It simply doesn't work with any kind of reliability and is very frustrating.I am sad to have to return the phone as I really wanted to support Blackberry.  This phone, after a Samsung Galaxy, was very disappointing. Going back to Samsung.

I would strongly recomend this product, even though it may be considered that it has been lated launched in the market

Hi, I heard that there are many versions of this phone.( STL100-1. STL100-2. STL100-3 and STL100-4)  I live in Georgia-Tbilisi and want to buy this phone. please tell me which version I buy ?  I think that I need STL100-2 and I want to clarify.. this price  238.99$ from what version ?????????????

I am very happy with my new purchase. I haven had this phone for 1 month and so far; the apps cost more, the apps are of good  quality, the phone is easy for me to use and difficult for nosey ppl :) The only downfall is air print, it doesn't have it. There fore it gets one less star.Overall I am glad I gave up my I phone.

These blackberry Z10 are so good and it feels nice in your hands .Quality phone for a good price ..great!

first time to use the BB phone, but I like it, very convenient and comfortable.most of all, the color is my favorite.If the battery can last longer, I think it will be better.

This product started out a bit complex but once I got the hang of its great, still learning though but all in all blackberry z10 has come full circle with their technology , the camera graphics are to die for picks up every thing, I would recomend this product to anyone looking to buy

Good equipment to Venezuela, pass me the difference that I could only use 900 Mhz band Digitel since the Z10 that is the STL100 pedi-2 model and that is recommended for my country Venezuela. Please check carefully before buying equipment.

Hasta el momento excelente equipo, me agrada su funcionamiento, su capacidad y sus aplicaciones. aunque podr&iacute;an mejorar su desempe&ntilde;o, en el manejo.

I thoroughly enjoy the experience. The phone arrived on time as promised and it was at  reasonable price. Overall, a good experience except that I did not received the micro HDMI cable.

I love technology and things that are beautiful. The Z10 is technologically ahead of others and it looks drop dead sexy. The typing experience is amazing. I now enjoy typing emails with it and even some simple work documents, which was virtually impossible with my iPhone. I now can type emails with using just one hand. The hub is always available in the background and only one swipe away, which  is a time saver. Voice phone calls sounds great, better than iPhone. The camera allows you to adjust the image so you will never have to worry about closed eyes again, just snap and then adjust each person's face to reveal their best post. The Web browser is super fast and smooth, faster than my desktop computer. The size and shape of the phone fits my hand comfortably, both when using one hand and two. The material also feels good to the touch.I rarely write product reviews such as this, but this phone is so good that felt compelled to write this review. This is truly an amazing phone.

This seller does not include whether which model the blackberry z10 is. There are 5 different models. They differ greatly, some have LTE, some cannot be used with certain carriers, and some are for different countries. It's a mess, and it's a disgrace to see this seller not including the model number they sell.Do not buy from this seller, amazon should ban this seller. Marking every model as a "LTE" capable phone is a blatant lie. And, good luck figuring whether or not the phone you recieve will work for your carrier, since you have no idea which model you are getting.What a scam.I cannot say how stupid people are by still buying from this seller. You do not know which model you are getting, the seller will not tell you, to buy this phone from this seller and expect it to work 100% is taking a HUGE gamble. By from a source that tells you the model number e.g. stl-1003. Btw, stl-1003 phones are AT&T; compatible.***As to the actual review of the phone, 5 out of 5 stars!:Before the great days of the smart phone, apple was the first in the western world to introduce a new phone that would change the way we use phones today. It's locked own OS and locked own features have caused people later on to create the android OS which is much more free and less constrained by rules of the manufacturer, allowing people to customize it greatly and and manufacturers to create unique devices that would differ greatly from company to company but allow it to be all under once flag, the android flag.Obviously, being the free and open minded person I opted android, where I found freedom to be plenty. Custom roms, rooting, and other features lured me into an android world full of possibilities.I slowly watched as my 8 month old android phone become archaic and urged myself to go forth and by the newest and best android phones every 6 months, becoming a victim of this intelligent marketing scheme. With each newest phone offering the best specs, the best software, and best hardware quality I was eager to treat myself with such.Oh but then I saw through this. I realized that with each newest phone upgrade, the differences between the past models were unnoticeable based on speed. Galaxy S3 versus S4, no one would notice the difference between the speed. Oh, but you can say you have those nifty benchmark speeds, which would greatly be able to see the difference through digits. Oh, but I say in return, those numbers don't mean squat, since the hardware difference will always be too small to noticeably feel it with each next concurrent model of the android phone. Thus, by telling yourself the phone will be faster based on just a benchmark score would be like me judging a book by its cover. It's not enough to have a accurate assumption, and may fall to give one a misguided perception.Then I realized, optimization is key to a fast phone. What does optimization mean? Well first look into the computing aspects of a phone. There is two sides, software and hardware. Just because you have the latest hardware, doesn't mean your phone would be the fastest. Just because your benchmark score is super high, doesn't mean your phone performance will be. What is just as important if not more is the software side of things. Android is supposed to run on hundreds of different phones from different companies, thus, the software is not optimized as compared to a company that codes its own OS in relation to its own hardware. Wait, wait, wait a sec, isn't that what BLACKBERRY and APPLE do? Yes quite certainly, thus, you can see how apple phones and blackberry phones last MUCH longer than those "premium" android handsets since there is too much competition among android phone makers, who try to pump the best every 6 months only to forget and leave in the dust it's older phones.But companies like blackberry and apple only create one line of products, which they control the OS to. Thus, they are more careful about the full utilization of software for its hardware, unlike android.Thus, with this phone, I realized how fast it is, even with its one year old dated hardware, it still runs as fast as the newest android phone, because the company cares and has complete control over it's OS, so that it can be optimized the high extent. Can android phones be opitimized as much as a blackberry? No, it is such a broadly used OS, it will never be able to.Now to the actual OS, this phone is flying with speed. It has the core functions of a phone: calling, texting, email and social media all integrated into the OS. They call it the hub, I see it as genius. It is simply where you will be spending most of your time in regardes to communication, which is only 2 swipes away from any screen. This makes checking anything amazingly easy and fast. You can install android apps, which closes pretty much the "app gap" people compain about. It has the screen you expect from a high end device as well.All the little things, like the alarm app, compass app, and other default apps are beautifully and smartly designed. They seem to be designed in a way so that you would actually see yourself using them, unlike android where every default app made by samsung is crap and I always turn to 3rd party apps from the store to take care of that. Not Blackberry, everything I need is in the phone by default, since so much care was put into those default apps.Is this phone less constrained by rules than android? No, blackberry made security important feature, thus it is not as open as android. But, it is more open and less rule governed than the IOS, where you can't even view your phone as a USB Device without the use of a 3rd party software.Transferring files? I will never need my USB cable again. How you must scream! Easy, all I did was set up blackberry link on my PC and I have access to my blackberry as a "networked hard drive" whenever it's connected to the internet. Damn, that's nifty blackberry. Oh sure, you might say, well android can do that, but I would say, still though, you would only be able to do that through 3rd party apps. I can do that by default on my device. Why should I care? Well for one, I know it's a secured and reliable way, I don't need to depend on a third party company, I only need to depend on blackberry to make the best out of my phone.Smart phone that actually thinks the way you would. Seriously, they should make that their logo if they can because the major thing I noticed about this phone is how much it makes sense logically.Minor gripe, the battery life will last you 6 hours on heavy use and 10 hours on moderate use. That's why I bought the extended battery charger from blackberry, which is a minor annoyance to carry around everywhere.

This is a great phone. The look, performance and everything else about the phone is great but you need to be careful of which model you purchase. The seller doesn't say what model this is in the description but it is the STL 100-4 and this model does not work on all carrier networks outside the US.

Really, it's the worst purchase I have made, the phone I get no problems and I have already solved it and many days and still nothing I feel robbed because neither I have changed the phone, let alone have made me the return of my money .

The phone was delivered on time (for us.snail mail I had to meet the mail man at one of his stops. ) the phone is in excellent condition. The blackberry Z10 is the fastest and most versatile cell phone I've ever owned. Including the  I phones .

Purchased the Z10 and have absolutely no complaint about the timeliness and the box was in flawless, unopened condition. However, there are various BlackBerry Z10 models which the product description omits. I received Model RFG81UW / STL100-1 which is NOT compatible with AT&T;'s LTE network. See below:This is the one received today:RFG81UW &#34;London&#34;: HSPA+ 850/900/1900/2100. Will work on AT&T;'s 3G/HSPA+ networks, and in some TMO markets that have 1900 MHz 3G/HSPA+. No LTE.For AT&T; LTE, one of the following are necessary:RFK121LW &#34;Lisbon&#34;: LTE 700/850/1700/1900, HSPA+ 800/850/1700/1900/2100: Will work on AT&T; and TMO's 3G/HSPA+/LTE networks. Best model to have in North America .RFF91LW: LTE 700/850/1700/1900 HSPA+ 800/850/1900/2100. Will work on AT&T; and TMO LTE networks, and the same 3G/HSPA+ networks as the &#34;London.&#34;I haven't opened the box and am returning.

This is a great phone in my eyes, the only issue I had with it is that I have AT&T service and this is a Verizon phone and not compatible to the AT&T internet service. I had to return for a refund!

The product arrived in a very good packaging conditions and met my expectations, except concerning the battery life usage. I have to charge every day, even if I don't use so much internet and emails. I am talking about to use only for a phone calls.For the rest I am satisfied with the product. Good purchase anyway.!

Good!

What can I say after two months or ownership - very good quality, smooth intuitive OS, some really nice features, gestures and the hub is simple efficient communicative perfection. All my email and social networking sites integrate perfectly and work effortlessly. For a combination of new phone and new OS BlackBerry have really excelled, never have I owned a new phone that has had so few issues and has kept me happy and grumble free.The biggest complaint I hear is lack of apps, but to be fair the library is growing fast and for the impatient you can 'sideload' ported androids apps and most but not all work fine. A lot of apps on numerous phone platforms are rubbish anyway and quality beats quantity in my mind. Yes Apple and Android may have more apps but they too once had only a few and really how many of these apps are essential?This is the first blackberry I have ever owned I left Nokia on windows OS to get it and if I'm brutally honest, I am loving it more every day.

Incredibly satisfied with the new Z10.  I have had it now for a month and am impressed with just about everything BB has created for this phone.Pros: great design, solid build, perfect size for me and excellent screen, OS is close to flawless - fast & responsive, learning curve to "swipe" navigation was a snap to learn, intuitive spelling recognition with email & texting, very good battery life, excellent security, incredible keyboard that is fun to use.Regarding apps; the initial selection of offerings for me is just fine - these are not top priority for me - a powerful phone is and this deliversCons: not gorilla glassI had a few BB from way back and then switched to Samsung Galaxy Nexus for a year and a half and enjoyed the new OS and Android platform but experienced a great deal of problems with my corporate email which frustrated me on a daily basis. I purchased the Z10 as soon as I could upgrade my phone and could not be happier.Overall - a real pleasure to use everyday - Five Stars.

The Z10 is just a joy to use and have in my life. It must be experienced to understand. Don't listen to the naysayers... this phone has the fastest Web browser on Earth and no one should die without owning one or a Z30. Thank you Blackberry for this magical, powerful device.

Para quienes amamos blackberry este producto esta genial, me encanto y estoy disfrutando al maximo este dispositivo, realmente recomendado al maximo

Needed a smartphone for email, text, web browsing - replaced and older T-Mobile Google Android phone - Blackberry does a great job, lots a features I will probably never use.

This phone exceeds expectations. I have tried all the top brands and for price and function this is the best deal!

I have migrated from the Torch 9810 touch & keyboard, to the Z10 fully touch Screen, Love the touch it seem omnidirectional, and the swiping motion &#34;so simple&#34;. The 2 minute voice note was a pleasant suprise and is well loved! I am a businessman and I need to do voice messages longer that a minute on most accasions. Then the 2 cameras very well tought of. to be continued.

Got my z10 a couple of days ago.  Not being the most tech savvy guy around...I was at first alittle miffed. But after a few hours the lite came on and I saw what I had purchased.  The z10 is intuitive...super fast...innovative and just plain cool. Its keyboard is unbelievable.  The hub feature is fantastic and how it syncs email,  texts,  and social media is wonderful.  I love the cameras ability to edit facial expressions...and overall editing features.  The z10 is simply a superior design with superior software..

good morning, the phone not the sim card dectecta here in Venezuela and not repaired as it is a new bad phone and wine production. it is not fair that sells telephone system without testing. As I do? is not satisfied with the phone because it came defective imagine seeing the star chart that you have evaluated and there are 50 different ways people complaining about the service. Porfacor need to give me answers I can do because almost lost my silver.no quede satisfecha con el telefono ya que vino defectuoso imaginate viendo la tabla de estrellas que tienes evaluado ya hay 50 personas quejandose de distintas maneras del servicio. Porfacor necesito que me des respuestas que puedo hacer porque practicamente perdi mi plata

Im so happy with my phone. Only people who dont try this one they can say is a bad phone. I love it. yo will have a really nice phone in your hands if you buy it.

They almost had me with this phone till a month after usage it freezes and erases all info within the phone. It's as if they just sold it without finishing it.They should have used the phone for a year longer to get the kinks out before just selling it. I thought blackberry was a good company. Customer service sucks.

Everything feels wrong on this. I couldn't get half the apps I needed that I used every day with my previous smartphone. Don't buy it.Sorry, BlackBerry, you used to be amazing.

I was worried about buying a brand spanking new device without it being put through it's trials. But I read about how several governments were already adopting the Z10 as the only phone secure enough for their use. I heard about how a police agency in Georgia uses blackberry OS for it's police paperwork and database access.Sounded well vouched for to me, and I wasn't wrong.As an android user who really only wanted a phone with a calendar, my first concern was google calendar. My answer is yes, it can and does currently sync *witout problems* to my Z10. It wasn't as easy as other calendars, but all it required was manually putting in Google's settings for CalDAV and a few tries and Voila! I can read and write to my google calendar easy as pie. Or cake.Now I was told as I was buying the phone "I hope you're ready for all the gesture based interactions!"...All modern mobile devices use some form of swiping to get you places in the phone. The Z10 just uses them better. Swipeing to use the BlackBerry hub is awesome, and it works just as well as other similar social agregators I've seen on android phones. Also, being able to peak at the unread items in the hub while using an app is plenty cool. It doesn't say who's a text is from, or what facebook activity just occured, but you know it happened. Worse comes to worst, just play with the tutorials like I did until you understand how to use the gestures. Remember, always RTFM.I don't like using a million and one apps. I use my phone as a phone, calendar, and quick look up device. That being said, there are stil many quality apps on the BB market, but not to the levels that iOS and Android have. I have unfortunately run into one or two apps that need trouble shooting, but that just needs some time.The hardware is sweet. It has yet to freeze up on me even when running 4 or 5 apps at once. I haven't tried stress testing it, but when I was running a graphics intensive game, it did get pretty warm with no drop in performance. The camera takes photos that look great, or just as good as any iPhone photo I've seen. Video is just as nice.Now, I do have a few issues with it.My first problem was with the password protection. No recovery options. 10/10 tries are used up, the phone shreds all it's contents. I *really* should have remembered my password. Lost some nice photos of a train derailment.I don't use all of BlackBerry specific communications methods (BBM, BBM video, PIN messaging), because I don't anyone with a blackberry. Simple, and not really an issue.It appears blackberry Balence (a system that allows two different home screens, one work, one personal that can be password protected) can only be activated via a blackberry server and not by a single, at home, user. I don't need it, but it would be nice to have the option.All the default ringtones sound the same. Seriously. They are all 1,2, or 3 "ding" tones with varying pitches. You can easily pick any audio file as a ring tone, txt tone, or e-mail tone, but as it stands, I never know what kind of message just showed up on my phone. This is after a month of use.The cost. This phone appears to be a very much like the best iPhones out the, but with no web browsing issues, more business oriented, and more security. So given all that the price is comparable, but my phone was $531 new from T-Mobile. Damn. That's like...two phones.All in all the Z10 is awesome. A sleek, versitile, powerhouse of a phone that doesn't break down, get infected (as of yet), or have too many bells and whisles that the basics were neglected.

I was really excited to buy this phone--it looked really appealing however within the first 10 minutes I regretted my purchase.-did not work with my t-mobile carrier!! (so obviously not unlocked)-hard to navigate-no back button or search button (no buttons at all really)-NO GOOD APPS (snapchat, kik, messenger)I'd much rather stay with an android

I received my Blackberry Z10 in Venezuela, but I'm actually very unhappy with this team because of malfunctions.He will signal all the time and have proven with several operators and still have the fault.Hangs and I have to restart all the time really am very unhappy with the phone. Pay top dollar for the $ 386.99 and I really feel that I lost it because he could not get out of this Blackberry Z10

i like the phone but i got rip off.. the modle is stl100-1 i was thinking this is stl100-3/4.... am still tryna download magicjack and its not working.... although i get skpye and what's app what d point i still find the iphone is till better than this when it comes to appp.... bbZ10 isnt worth it.... like like an old blackberry with afew upgrades... lmaooo... waste of my money...

I didn't buy this phone thru Amazon.com but thru a local TMo store via their $99/down and pay-off-the-phone-in-24-installments plan. This is the second Z10 phone I've owned, since after 6 months of use from first release, the phone started acting up (random swiping on its own; activating apps on its own esp. the camera app and taking photos all by itself; touchscreen unresponsive; phone overheating). Went back to the same TMo store I bought it from where they made arrangements for UPS to deliver a replacement phone in 2 days in exchange for my defective phone.I didn't bother to see which model Z10 phone I originally owned, but my replacement phone is the STL100-3 with the latest 10.1.0.4200 OS release. I restored my backup file to this phone via BlackBerry Link Software with no problem. I have since obtained thru Amazon.com a 4500mah batt which allows it run 1 1/2 days (as opposed to the 1/2 day with the stock 1800mah batt).You can read the other reviews here how good/bad people's experiences with the Z10. To sum up it's been good for me. Malfunctioning 1st phone aside, one gripe I have is the Remember app and its voice recording feature which works more-or-less advertised, yet I don't completely trust. A few times after I've completed a recording, I've hit the "Cancel" button on the upper left-hand corner and lost said recording forever, without a prompt to tell me "are you sure" if I want to delete it. Another thing about the voice recording feature is that a couple of times, the app has failed to save the audio file properly that even the phone itself can't even recognize it as a playable file! I have since resorted back to using a good old tape recorder to record my lectures and interviews.I find the phone hard to hold to take a photo, since the entire LCD becomes the shutter button and too many times I've taken inadvertent shots by placing my fingers on the LCD. The quality of the photos is not up to par to even my 6 y/o Sony p/s digicam, even though both shoot at 8mp resolution (examining detail when images are zoomed in reveal the Z10 is inferior).The 4" size of the Z10 is the perfect size for a handheld phone; 5+" is unwieldy and looks positively ridiculous against my face when making a voice call.If you're an chronic app junkie, this phone is not for you. However there are more than enough useful apps to make this a perfectly usable phone.The phone UI is smooth, stable, unfancy, conservative; gets the job done. It's not glitzy or schmaltzy like an Android or Apple phone. It's a very adult, boring. If you like adult and boring, this phone is for you. This phone certainly is for me. I would suggest people try it out if given the opportunity. It just plain works and works very well. //

Avoid buying this phone if you need to use prepaid cards. The APN is locked and you can't access the internet. What a pain! Blackberry support is just awful. No live tech support. Evey other phone i.e. Samsung, HTC, Apple, and others don't have this problem. Why can Samsung, Apple get it right and Blackberry who was very late to get the Z10 to market not fix this problem. Many people are complaining about the locked APN (grayed out). So mad about the lack of technical support.Don't buy Blackberry unless you have monthly plan with data and support from the carrier. BIG mistake for Blackberry, as they will lose customers. Who's driving the development at Blackberry?

Blackberry Z10 is a great phone with many accessories.  The display screen functions like the I-phone; allowing easy movement  from one application to the next. The larger screen is nice, but the best part of the Blackberry Z10 is the camera definition.  On the downside: more and more companies are not making apps for Blackberry.  I can not use the phone to view my security system or work email.

I've had a Samsung and LG, but this is my favorite. Easy to use and a lot of fun. I especially love the Hub and the Storymaker app. Decent selection of apps in BlackBerry World.

so far the device / phone has been everything I've expected, I'd would love to have everything in landscape view mode more easily.!

i like it ,that is all.it is not good as thought,just a little diffirent.ok,i don't want to speek to much

I got this phone to replace my bberry bold. Terrible mistake. Here's the truth about all of it: they took away what was already great like the classic ring tone for the messenger, it doesn't have it anymore, they took away the easy access to the profiles, now it's really complicated to go from silent to normal to loud, etc. You can only access your email from the hub, there's no icon for email anymore. If your in your emails it's really complicated to use the touch screen and try to use the search sender, or search subject, etc. There's no way of turning off the predicitive text, it will change your words anyway. If you want to correct a word, it has the magnifying glass like the iphone, but it doesn't work, because it moves right on top of the letter, so you can't really see where you are. If you have an alarm set in the clock, it will only work if the phone is on, if the phone is turned off the alarm won't turn on at the time the alarm is set. The software for the internet which was supposed to be better, is still the same, there's no improvement there. You can't choose to sync with Mac whether you want to sync with entourage or your mac calendar or contacts, it does it through your email. The only thing good is the screen, it has better resolution, but that doesn't make it worthnit at all! Don't waste your money. Most of my friends have iphone, there's only 3 of us left with bberry, the 3 of us got the z10, we all hated it, one returned it and kept his old bberry curve, the other one kept it and also got an iphone, I hate it. Everyone who says it's great is probably some seller.

I'm not going to write about how good this phone is, but rather share my experiences with other phones:Starting with the iPhone, I had been an iPhone user since inception up until the release of Galaxy SIII. I switched to the Galaxy because I felt like the iPhone was exactly the same phone every year despite me buying a new model every year. Literally, the same phone, I bought the new iPhone every year hoping something 'cool' was added, but nothing, same look and feel.I went from the iPhone to the Galaxy SIII because I had heard great things about Android. Sure enough, I enjoyed the phone, though not as slick as the iPhone, the Android Operating System was a refreshing experience. This honeymoon lasted about one month, and then couldn't stand the phone. The battery drain was just too much, then people told me, root it!!! That's the way to go! Samsung's TouchWiz interface is a battery killer and is clunky. Okay. I rooted the phone and installed basic Google apps. Okay battery life did greatly improve and I was happy again. Until I realized that I had installed a ROM that was supported by a Community of brilliant people, I must say, but I was a BETA tester!!! I couldn't take the crashes, and basic functionality bugs... So I went back to the iPhone because even though I was sick of it, it at least lasted me half the day.I bought the BlackBerry Z10 and haven't looked back, I haven't been this excited about a phone since the first iPhone, when I switched from a Nokia. It was night and day, and that's how I feel right now. Going from Galaxy and iPhone to a BlackBerry is literally night and day. Incredible battery life (up to a day and a half of intensive use before a charge), true multi tasking.. this is truly amazing. I remember when the Apple introduced the multi app function, but was it really multi tasking? Clearly not, currently you cannot go to Youtube, listen your your favorite mix and reply to a text, or go to Facebook. The minute you leave YouTube, the music stops... That's not the case in the Z10, you can navigate the entire phone, open any app, and the music/video is still playing. True multitasking.Awesome phone, really powerful operating system. Incredible response to touch, so fast and responsive. A++++++

Used all 3 galaxy's so far. Never liked the restrictions in I-phone. Now,I have been using Z10 for a while. It took few days for transition from my S3, and now I really love my it. Every once in a  while I figure out some neat new features. Web browsing,reading, email, chat and keyboard are really BEST in class.  No way going back to my old S3.

1. No skype2. No Viber3. No google maps (Blackbeery maps doesnt compare to google maps, NEVER)Contacts on whatsapp dont sync with the rest of the contacts, big mistake.My wife has Samsung S3 and is far better in user friendly, the bb hub is kindda nice but doesnt make up for all the apps that this device doesnt support.On the outside RIM made a copy of the iPhone 5, cmon guys dont you have a bit ot creativity??On previous BB's you where abble to hide certain icons that you knew you will almost never use, on this one you cant.RIM should have seen all of this things that BB user have on previous models so when we switch to this newer models we have what whe had plus much more. This is not the case.If all of this things make your life easier y would not recomend this model until RIM fixes this stuff.I would definetly change to my previous bb.

I've always hated Blackberry and thought that their phones were out of date and difficult to use. My parents used them. That's all I need to say. Well, this is a phone that I WANT to use. Not one I spend 30 minutes figuring out a small detail for my parents on. This phone is functional, easy to use, and very streamlined. It's sleek. It feels nice in my hand. It is VERY functional for my businesses. I'm on board with this relaunch. It really is a new product and not some rehashed piece of junk that we've all seen already from Google or from Apple. I love it and it's definitely the best phone I've ever owned!

This product is not working at all it is not coming on I really don't know what is the problem.

I went from an iphone 4s to this and I'm so glad I did. It's an amazing phone and I have nothing bad to say about it at this point. It's lighter yet studier (yes I managed to drop it once already) than my old phone, holds a charge longer, has less glitches / errors and from what I understand way more secure. I have only had it for a couple weeks so I will update more later. But so far so good! Totally happy.

I have spent a lot of money to buy this phone.When I unboxed the phone, I found pouch is missing....!I need to spend $20 to get the pouch again...Is there anyway I can get my pouch?

Wow, where do I start?As a previous owner of an iphone 4s, I was not entirely sure what to expect from BlackBerry's Z10 and their new BB10 operating system other than what I read online. Admittedly, I am a former BlackBerry Curve owner who eventually bailed on the platform for a then new Iphone 3gs paying early termination fees for not just one but two lines. I initially left seeking what everyone else was at the time - a better experience.Iphone was everything I was looking for. Siri and 4s, even better. Android started to catch my attention and I eventually went on a Sprint trial with an Evo 3d. What a POS. To this day I'm not sure if it was the sheer weight of that phone, Sprint or the Android experience, but I returned it within 30 days and went back to the Iphone.Enough about memory lane. Let's talk about the Z10!GesturesImmediately users will find themselves feeling somewhat lost, missing their home buttons to press to get started. Even my 2 year old son knows that on the Iphone if he gets lost, push the button to bail and start over. Z10, the marketing will tell you it's built to keep you moving.  What's more appropriate would be "Built to keep you from bailing".Unlock the phone? Swipe the screen from the bottom up. Icons at the bottom service everyday functions, phone, search and camera, and showing you which apps are running.From there you swipe left or right depending on where you want to go.  Left takes you into your messaging which let's you see everything (a.k.a the hub) or filter messages by app (Facebook messages, twitter activity, email, text messages, etc). Right takes you to a familiar tiling of your apps similar to Android and Iphone.On the side, there is a button between the volume controls that launches the voice controls. You can do Sri like commands such as textting or calling people, reminding you, schedule meetings, tweet, status update, you name it.App StoreThe essentials are on the phone such as Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, FourSquare, Dropbox, Evernote, etc.. I did some research and found the holy grail: side-loadingThe genius people at BlackBerry have allowed developers to speed up adoption of the platform by porting over their Android apps in a few clicks. There's even websites that let you upload an android app and immediately download it converted for BlackBerry. It's not 100% foolproof but I'm now back in business with essential apps - Pandora, Netflix, Plex, Google Maps, Skype to name a few.I see this as a short term compromise that will be unnecessary midyear when BlackBerry shocks everyone on success of the platform and competition forces people to target releases on the platform.  As a developer, you have SOOOO many paths to launch an application in Java (Android ports), Native C++, HTML5, you name it.  One year from now (at most), there will be a huge surge and Blackberry will be on top in sheer app count.  You can take that to the bank.  $BBRYTyping / KeyboardOne of the most overlooked area of innovation in the last couple of years has been typing. It is only fitting that BlackBerry comes along and turns this into one of the biggest differentiators between this platform and anything else out there.As you type, suggestions pop up over the letters. You can complete the word by simply `flicking' the letter upwards. Before long I found myself typing whole sentences with a few letters followed by some consecutive flicks. (in fact, I wrote most of this whole article on my z10, that's how natural it is.)All of a sudden, I'm not feeling sad anymore I don't have the 200,000 free games that bait you to buy the 200,000 paid version of them. The typing alone is a huge plus and top of list feature. Simply put, it's the new standard.CameraThe camera is pretty standard but comes with two unique features. One is the ability to take photos and fine tune individuals faces. Took that family portrait to find out half of the fam has their eyes shut? No problem with the Z10! The phone essentially takes frame samples like a video and allows you to cycle through the frames. When you are done its blended into the pictures and voil&agrave;! The perfect picture.You may have heard some buzz about Instagram not being available. What people don't know is you don't need it. There is a built in picture editor that allows you to tweak your pictures, such as applying image filters like Instagram. Pretty cool and another top of list feature.The Red LightWhat the heck am I talking about now you might ask. For die hard BlackBerry users, the visual indicator (red light) meant you had a new message. It would keep intermittently blink until you've read the message. I didn't initially notice it in my first run with the phone but I'm excited to announce IT'S BACK! However now, it spans any notification in my hub. Response to my Facebook status? Blink! Someone replied to my tweet? Blink! So what? Well what was even more equally satisfying was letting my phone sit by itself on my coffee table. I didn't have to pick it up, opening and closing apps to check for activity because I already knew. It wasn't blinking. For me, another top of list feature. I already feel like I'm saving time and being more productive on and off the phone.So far after 24 hours on the new device, I am in love again with my CrackBerry.

Blackberry Z10 16gb Black Factory Unlocked Gsm  a nice and smart blackberry! good buy and beautiful choice, badly need more apps!

I was planning to buy iphone but when got this got surprised to see how well this is built .

I bought a Z10 on sale, after researching it, and comparing it to other devices. I can tell you that the Z10 is the best smartphone on the market for many reasons. First it is priced cheaper that the competition saving you around $250! Second the BB10 OS is the best operating system available, and the hub will make your life so much easier. Connect you yahoo, gmail, linkedin, messengers, social media, and other accounts to the hub, and then with a single swipe you can access all of these accounts compressed into days, or you can see your mail without ever opening up an app, or browser! You will also notice that your contacts are magically linked to their respective accounts!!! Amazing!!!! I am so happy with my new Z10, that I can't speak highly enough about it. Even if you want to use it as an iPod touch replacement, you can buy it for near the same price, and it can be upgraded to 80gb with a micro sd! Don't buy into the Apple price gouging! The new Blackberry BB10 devices are the future!!!!
