
I purchased a cellphone huawei Y300 and sent me a chinese version. Without flash and front camera neither. Very disappointed. I feel cheated.

At first I was a bit confused because huawei has it's own appstore and there are quite a few Chinese apps in it, but after you get used to it, it is very easy to use. All and all it's a great phone and there are a ton of ways to download googleplay apps if you really need them, you can get whatsapp in the huawei appstore as well as viber if thats why you want a smartphone, it's fast, has a clear and good reacting touch screen, it is able to play almost every video type and it has a fairly good speaker (for a phone).

It's a very beautiful cellphone. It's vey useful.I like it very much. Thanks a lot for your excellent deal with customers. Congratulations!.

I've used this phone for over a month. It's fast and works well. It's unlocked so the stock settings can be changed to make the phone more functional. A great alternative to a contract phone.

According to the web site, and most of the comments here, I understood that I was purchasing an unlocked phone.When the phone came to me through Amazon, from Open Group Wireless (not necessarily who I thought I was buying from - but that's another story), the box said it originally was a prepaid phone from Telstra (an Australian carrier) and the phone was locked - presumably to Telstra.

It's just the phone that I needed. It works 3G in Venezuela and the camera is very good. Just good quality and excellent price.

There was an error with the product sent to me, though I decided to keep the product displayed does not match the one received.

An excellent product the phone come with a protect case and front protect thanks for the shipment the phone arrived at time and intact

Purchased an unlocked version on Amazon.com not knowing what to expect.  I'm not a major app user and was just looking for a more user-friendly phone with some more upside potential than my old flip phone.  Pleasantly surprised - absolutely now problems with the quality or reliability after the first couple months use.

This phone's performance is very good... the dual core definitely makes a difference.It powers up within seconds and handles multi-task well.The only downside I would point out is the battery, but sounds like its typical of droid phones. The good news is that with power management app, that can be stretched.

I like the phone... butAll the installed apps are TIM related ( dont know what  the hell that is). The user booklet is in Spanish so I had to Google some stuff in order to get started.The pho e can be a little annoying because its appears slow but maybe that; n relation to my data service.Decent buy thu

It was a real trouble to change the rom's language, but it works pretty good.And The seller should ask about the bands or the especific model every person need cuz in my region it only works EDGE with any operator...

This phone is not what I expected because here in Venezuela does not work with all the bands and not allowed to connect to the internet right through our data plan, this phone has software europe.

excelente

I highly recommend it, easy to manipulate, is an excellent product, is perfect to adapt the policies of the telephone operator, you just make some adjustments to the language

I love this phone, it's very very beautiful super light camera fine. the only thing is that it has no Spanish

I was looking for a cheap Android phone to be used as an MP3 player. There is a lot of good sub $200 Android phones, but my target is to get something in the $100 price point. At this price level, there is a lot of junk. I finally decided on this Y300 because Amazon had a used one form their Warehouse deal for less than $100.The item that I got was a prepaid Bell Canada version, model Y300-0151, running Android 4.1.1. No carrier branding on the phone, and it is unlocked (tried a T-Mobile SIM and it worked). It uses standard mini SIM. First impression is that the screen is pretty decent. Many phones at this price point have really poor screen, with washed out colors and poor viewing angles. This Y300's screen is actually pretty good. It has decent resolution for the size too. There's no coating whatsoever though, so it collects fingerprints instantly.The OS has a custom Huawei skin. It offers quite a bit of customizations with themes, each with its own set of wallpaper and icons. You can even set what kind of animation you want to see when you slide to different home screens.As for the performance, well, you get what you paid for. The biggest issue is the 512MB RAM (the OS reported even less). I practically have to disable a ton of apps and services just to have an audio player running without crashing or restarting. Forget about having widgets and whatnot unless you want your phone to lag severely. I don't feel like I'm using a phone with dual core processor. Things can get laggy very quickly. Huawei put an option to restart the phone when you push and hold the power button, in case you need a quick reboot. I can't imagine how bad other phones are in this price range, where they are still running older single core snapdragons.Internal storage is quoted at 4GB. In reality, there's only about 900MB left for user space as most of the space are used by the OS and pre-installed apps (that you cannot uninstall). There's a microSD slot that is located separate from the battery, so you can hot-swap the card if you want to (make sure to un-mount it first from the OS). I did manage to get a 64GB microSDXC card to work with the phone. Using the card straight won't work. Also, the phone doesn't seem to be able to re-format a 64GB microSDXC properly. I have to format the card on my PC. Make sure to format it using FAT32 file system. Downside of this filesystem is that if you have a file or folder with extremely long name, apps will simply crash. I put my music in the SD card, and some of the folders have a fairly long name. Every apps that try to access the storage (the music player, file manager, etc) crashes. Took me some time to figure it out.Other tidbits: Camera is poor, but not much to expect at this price point.The speaker seems decent and loud enough. Doesn't support 5GHz wifi.So far, it fits for what I bought it for. The performance can be maddening due to the extremely low RAM. KitKat is supposed to have better memory footprint, but don't expect this phone to be updated at all.In short, if you really want a good cheap phone, spend a little bit more. Most other phones in this $100 price range probably are not any better as most of them seem to have 512MB of RAM. There are a lot of better Android phones once you go to the $200 price point.

I bought as a present for my brother, it's a great smartphone for the low price, runs almost all the APP in the Play Store and the battery last almost half a day using it to play games.

Excellent Phone. It is exactly what i need. I Recomend it to all my friend a relatives. It is really good

Excellent phone for the money.  Excellent reception and voice call quality, good Wifi capability. Recommended for anyone who wouldlike a phone with the capabilities of the top tier phones at less than half the price.Rooting this phone : [...]The only real drawback is its mediocre INTERNAL memory. Easy to fix,though:  get a fast 16 or more gigi micro SD card (level 4 is ok, level 6 better) and change the phone setting to install to the SD card by default before installing apps (Settings-->Storage-->Default Storage Location).The camera has a flash but don't expect standalone camera picture quality in dim light even with the flash. Skype video calls are fine.The phone's skin has all the apps on its many screens by default, like a iphone. To put things into better organized folders, drag and drop one icon onto another, then add other icons to the folders this creates.

good afternoon, he informed me that the product came with problems on the screen and I had to use so. thank you very much

Great quality mobile phone. OS very fast, didn't crash a single time until now (2 weeks using it). Compared to some of the best smartphones out there.

It is a excellent product in the cheap group of smart phones, internal memory is very limited, 4GB, 2 GB for applications but it come with SD card slot allowing you expand it if needed.

Good cellphone... Quality and low price...It meets my expectations.. I like it!! I recommend it if you want a cheap and quality cellphone

Great phone . I highly recommend it. Great price. Excellent phone. Easy to use and it functions great. great buy.

I bought it for a trip to India and it worked well when I got a SIM card there.  It did not require any elaborate settings or anything... only complaint is when the content does not turn horizontal when you turn the phone like my US phone.. pretty basic phone for the price, but it works.. did not have to run around in India to find another cheap smart phone.

all good except it would stuck sometimes.and the delivery is unacceptable I waited 15 days to get it on hand,

VERY GOOD

It's the best phone that i could buy with a low budget. It has a good design and is faster.

buenisimo

good features but the phone is a bit buggy. Glitches out and had a couple issues with it in the first week. One of the better options in the $120 range but will probably pay a bit extra next time and get something in the $200 range.

It is a very modern phone, is relatively fast, the touch is acceptable, the wifi works perfectly, it hear very well, a smartphone for an unbeatable price, not much to envy to other brands, I quite liked it, unfortunately not up 3G with digitel in Venezuela, but if for other carriers. The battery is lasting.The bad, 4G internal memory, it should have a little more ...But otherwise it was an excellent choice for buying this phone.

I have just two three weeks with this phone and it has worked great.good screen resolution; a camera of 5 megapixel; and 4GB internal memory. I'm not complaining. better than a blackberry and was acquired at a good price.the detail is the battery because when you open many applications are quickly exhausted; Rest well

Works Great, nice phone, you can get accesories for it, not the cheapest nor the most expensive smartphone, but is good value for the price.

the cellphone dont have the flash for the camera. i purchase this item for this im really dislike the product. any solution for this?

Device came inside an opened box! and it has a Telstra's prepaid plan, it comes with Telstra's SIM card so it doesn't work with any other carrier! this device appears listed under unlocked cellphones in amazon's website, filled a claim and amazon stood by the seller, what a shame! you can see the picture under customer images

I am sadly disappointed because they sent me the wrong phone, I can not give them a good reputation for your purchase! uncomfortable is because I'm in another country and is complicated. lost money and that affects everything if I want to respond to corroborate the order can taste me and I'll give the information

I really dont know what happend, I bought a Huawei Ascend Y300 and my son loved it, so I decided to buy one for him, Surprise!!!! This one is not the same, its some kind of chinesse copy. I was VERY disapointed, never thought amazon would do that, I just click in my previous order and was send to this one.IT SHOULD SAY ITS A COPY!!!! IT IS NOT THE REAL HUAWEI!!!!Dont fall for it!!!

I've had two of these phones and both had the same microphone fault - at random intervals during a call the microphone would stop working and the person I was talking to couldn't hear me.  The only way to get around this was to switch to speaker-phone mode and either stay like that, or then switch back to normal internal microphone mode.I searched on Huawei's website and the internet in general and found that others had been hit with this problem but there was no resolution.Other than that, the phone was rather good considering the price (it would have been better with more than just 512MB of RAM).  Sadly I can't in good faith recommend this phone to anyone.

I bought this phone to replace 2 year old blackberry. Before buying this phone I tried LG L7 P705 which turned out to be extremely slow - slow UI and even slower internet connection. It went back to Amazon. I also tried Blu 4.5 Dash but it had build problems and was not connecting to my car using bluetooth. It also went back to Amazon.So far I like this phone a lot - it connects to my car, has responsive UI, internet is reasonably fast with AT&T.;2 core cpu is fast enough for most applications.This phone has a customized UI and instead of hating it, I actually like it!Couple of issues related to connectivity: for some reason it was not able to connect to internet until I entered all connectivity options in settings. All other phones I used recently were able to connect to AT&T; without any extra steps. Another issue is  that internet speed is not very high, I think it is less than 1Mb/s. The phone shows "H" instead of "H+", I think that explains slower internet speed. Still, internet works reasonably fast for checking email and some light browsing.Build quality is good, although it is not one of those super slim models. On the other hand, being fatter, the phone actually feels like a phone and not like a thin piece of paper.Battery life is ok but not great. It can last 2 days with little use or 1 day with heavy use.I was not able to install Skysafary pro on this phone because it does not give much space to application. It looks like I need to root in order to reallocate the space.So overall, I think this phone is a keeper.

The phone is great for $135 and to also be factory unlocked is a great plus that most phones with the same specifications would easily cost double.There are some great pros to this phone1. Cheap2. The phone is fast and scrolls extremely well3. 5mp with flash, pro with the cost but most phones in this range are around 8mp4. front facing camera5. Has a battery save option to extend the phones life6. Rubberized back to give grip without a case, but still recommended7. Access to google play, I've used TF and have had only basic phones with java games, a great leap forward for me8. has gravity sensor and will tilt/turn to better fit the way your holding.Cons1. unknown brand, no one will know how to pronounce Huawei2. Not much storage but a cheap 16gb is only $9Unsure about its ability to be dropped, if screen is gorilla glass, and can withstand a few flops or not.

great product, excellent price i bought it for a gift and hes really happy with it, the phone is fast and very easy to use

This phone is much better quality than I expected. For the price, I expected something a little less nice than it is. You can expect a lot of the same performance as most phones, while it can be a little slower at times, it is honestly negligible, but I think standards for phones are too high anyway. The camera is great, but make sure to get the model with the flash!

This is a awesome phone.  It was easy to use and was not loaded with useless apps like many new phones.Sadly, It did not work with Consumer Cellular ( or they didn't know how to make it work ) .  They say it was not totally unlocked.But it might work with your cell carrier just fine.

excellent cell phone ..!very fast, the only thing wrong is that it is a little big ..but just give it 5 stars ..!

There must be multiple versions of the same or similar phone that are sold by multiple sellers on Amazon.  Mine was in a Bell Canada package and it does have a flash.  My primary phone is a locked Verizon Samsung S4 and I bought this phone for international travel only.  So far I have used it in UK with Voodoo and it worked fine.  While it operates very similarly as the S4 but it sure is not one nor it is expected.  It runs much slower than the S4 and the touch screen was not as responsive.  It is very much functional and usable.  Very good value for the money.

I liked a lot, It's very good product acording to the price. I have used and no problem up to now.

Exactly what I expected of the product, of course not great performance, since it buys from a person who does not require them, absolutely satisfied with the product, arrived on time and in perfect condition 100% recommended excellent quality and price.

I don't know what happened, but when the cellphone arrived was the best, the camera was excellent, and the cellphone very fast, but suddenly the cellphone shut down and it didn't lit again! now the cellphone don't work

I use att go phone sim card $50 per month with  unlimited data, however i can not connet internet except use wifi. is anyone know what happens ?

i got this as a replacement android phone. great price for a first or fill in phone. i'll know more when the person i got this for gives me the feedback on how its working for them.

good devices, a good alternative when trying to get an android device that is not so expensive and you have a good quality

It has been good for a while, and now it is useless cuz it says emergency calls only.......What should I do?

excelente

As a smartphone, I don't recomemd to choose it cuz he storage is only 512M which causes everything gose slowly.

The phone works great.I bought this phone 4 months ago in May 2013.  Charged it, inserted the sim plus a 32GB SD card, and it just works.The phone is thin and sturdy.  Key features I could not find in any other phone:-Latest Android-SD card slot (for memory expansion and swap)-removable battery (long term use this is a must)-large, high quality display for a phone. (must fit in pocket)-modern dual-core processor-Dual cameras for Skype-DLNA certified (share video/media to TV et...)-no major defects, complaints, glitches, et... reported-major brand-$150 or lessConcerns:-Touchscreen, get a case and screen protectors if you want to use this for years.

Excellent product, I love it, arrived at the indicated time and meets all my expectations. Thank you very much. Full recommend.

this item its ok, work so good but do not have flash camera. ill give you four star good job.

I bought this for my wife. She loved it and looks as good as any popular brand. I recommend it for anybody who looks for a good cheaper android phone. It's unlocked, and can be used right away with your existing connection

I'm not satisfited by the internal memory of this movil. The review says that it has 4GB of memory but I can only used 1GB for my documents because the other memory is for the system

At first when i read the specs i was extremely impressed and i was sold by the other reviews. the thing is that i placed this order literally 5 weeks ago and still no handset ...my business is going slowly and i need to know how when or where  i can have either the handset i purchased or my money back

I like the phone I bought. It's ease to use it and handle. The phone camera it's nice to take pictures, of course with 5 pixels the photos looks nice but not very nice but I don't complaint at all. In general it was a very good deal purchase.

The purchase went perfect, what I expected. recommended to all, there were no problemspurchase did not take anything, was fast

This is a very nice cell phone with most of the features that you would expect from a more expensive competitor.It's unfortunate that it isn't the latest version of Android and I haven't found any updates listed.

very good product comes with all specified works with hspa-movilnet movistar Venezuela. is very nice and good phone is fast

Great cellphone for the price.! bought it on the us and tried it here on venezuela and it works great, except it doesn't really get 3g here, but 2g. The delivery was quick, it arrived before i even got there!

The phone overall from what I've seen accordingly to the reviews it's received is wonderful along with me tinkering with my friends device (which why I decided to get one).  The price tag is more than fair considering that many phones out there can add up more money for the same build.  However, I've encountered a defective unit which does not give this phone any justice to its respective build and price tag.  The issue I've encountered is the phone doesn't seem to carry the electric charge, therefore, the moment you turn it on even though the charge states that the phone is at a 100%, it will automatically shut the phone down.  I've never made it on the home screen...Now, going accordingly to give this phone and its manufacturer some justice based on professional companies who had spent time on this phone and enough time to give it some reviews along with many people who had reviewed this phone, I would honestly say this phone is a 4.5/5.0.  Here's some Pros and Cons accordingly to what I've seen:Pros:-PRICE TAG:  Not many people understand this concept.  You get what you pay for!  Obviously you're buying this phone and cannot compare it an IPhone or a Note 3 (which I proudly own both).-Screen:  This is mainly the only thing I was able to take a look at (on the phone that I've bought) considering the fact that I wasn't able to make it to the home screen LOL.  The screen is smooth and doesn't seem to be easily damaged.  Anyone who has damaged theirs, here's a tip:  DON'T THROW IT AROUND!  You've got to be super careless to even get a scratch on this phone.  Here's a second tip:  BUY A SCREEN PROTECTOR!  :)-Resolution:  The resolution is fair.  Once again, you get what you pay for so please do not compare it a $700 phone with at least 15 megapixel, along with HD specifications, etc.  Once again, you get what you pay for.-Performance:  I've seen this phone in action from a friend who bought this quite a while back.  Yes, it is a fast phone but the more apps you leave open, the more slower the phone gets.  Please consider the fact that the price tag is at a $100.  So please don't be upset at the phone if it starts to slows down due to it's 512 ram built in it.  It's a no brainer even with networked advertised phones out there.  if you don't like, spend $700 or so or get a contract to get it lower.-Size:  I have a ton of phones of all different sizes and brands.  I collect them.  The phones size is not too big, and not too small, and easy to carry around.  Phone sizes has been an &#34;On and off&#34; trend.  At one point, the smaller the phone, the better it trended, and when smartphones went big, the bigger it was the better... until the public became aware of the battery usage.  The size it equivalent to an IPhone 4, making it easy to carry in your pocket with or without a case.Cons:-Here is one biased detail I will give.  I received a defective unit.  The phone doesn't make it to the home screen at all.  The battery doesn't seem to carry the charge even after a days worth of charging.  Now, is this the phone's fault?  I say &#34;no it isn't&#34; considering that this maybe the course of my luck doing its run.  There's always going to be defects as you one tries to manufacture anything.  Even as carefully as a company can, there's ALWAYS going to be a defective unit, even with a very well established company supported by an actual network.  It took me three tries ordering an HTS Inspire when they first launched and finally got a working one though AT&T.;  I know life isn't fair but why me?  LOL  :)-Quality/Back Cover:  Okay, here it is.  Even with the price tag and I stating several times &#34;you get what you pay for,&#34; the back panel which you open in able to put your SIM Card seems a bit thin and flimsy.  It seems that a bit of pressure applied to the panel can damage it easily.  Accidents happen... get it a bit more secured.-Operating System:  This more to like &#34;in between&#34; rather than a Con.  Here we go again with the price tag but here's a tip for manufacturers:  don't try to put the latest operating system on the phone with only 512 ram on it.  It's like trying to play Crisis on a Windows Vista with only 4 gigs of ram and a very low end graphics card.  You can play it, but its will be very frustrating.  The latest OS Version of android is very nice, but with only 512 ram, seems that you're just trying to hurt someone or yourself.  Still very nice for the price tag though LOL :)-Volume:  The volume is fair but with other phones on the similar price tag trying to compete on a guerilla market strategy implemented on this day of age, you've got to stay in the game and offer a better quality.Overall:It is a great phone definitely accordingly to its price tag.  The screen and resolution is justifiable along with the size and performance.  However, the quality is not where it should be at considering that the phone seems to be very fragile especially the back panel.  The phone seems to be a &#34;one-drop-dead&#34; quality meaning that it only takes you to drop it once and you can say your condolences, however, it is justifiable with the leather case you can buy easily on Amazon.With unlocked smartphones flooding the market these days, the OS plays a big role and for a phone with 512 ram built in, it seems a bit risky trying to justify the latest OS on a phone with 512 ram.  it's doable but patience is required.  It's a risk for a company to add or deduct a key feature and may seem that boosting its performance or deducting the feature to be a candidate on its price tag may do the trick to make everyone happy, but it is a risk for a company to do so.  This is what they went with, therefore, this is what we have but don't compare it to the latest of the latest brands with super features and expect it under the price tag it has now.  This is reality, you get what you pay for.If I didn't receive a defective unit, accordingly to my little experience on the phone I had purchased along with me tinkering with my friends phone and other professional reviews, I would give this phone a 4.5 out of 5P.S.  You get what you pay for.  LOL : )

After receiving a deficient phone and being misdirected to the wrong areas. The company learned of the error- contacted me immediately and sent me the correct item with 48 hrs. The phone is superub. An excellent buy for an android smartphone. Started up immediately and performs like a gem. I would recommend this product to anyone. Just speak to Wireless the seller direct since Amazon uses many sellers for this phone.Bijan from the Company was a gem and correct things immediayely.

very good cellphone , i love it , and good price too..just what i need .there is everything i needed here this phone has it .very happy with it

Buy two of these on the same day, but I was sent a different seller and were different versions of the same phone, but neither was dual sim, one does not take 3G and calls are interrupted from time to time, the other has poor reception of data and you can not change the language. I am very disappointed in this purchase. I don't recommend at all.

I did not purchase on Amazon, so I can't speak to the quality of the seller advertised. But I can speak to the quality of this phone model - which I highly recommend to anyone on a budget looking for a fast smart phone with great call quality.The biggest con on this phone is that you can only save photos and videos to your SD card - not your apps. This is a problem because the internal phone memory is REALLY tiny.  I don't have many apps and the phone freaked out and ran out of memory in a few minutes, then it couldn't update any apps because it was full.  I was able to work around this by clearing everything out and NOT downloading any apps other than what was factory installed (they try to automatically import when you enter your g-mail account information). I changed the settings to save to SD card - then when I did download apps, I FINALLY had the option to save to SD.  If you save to SD card, you have to leave the icon on the main screen.  I went to two Best Buys and no one could tell me how to do this. They told me the phone wasn't capable of saving apps to the SD card. I had to research online and after a few hours stumbled on a web page that described what to do to work around the memory partition.  If you import your apps BEFORE you insert the SD card and change the settings, there is no option to save to SD. If you try to change settings to SD after you have apps installed, it gives you a warning message that you will basically make the apps unstable and it persuades you not to do this.  Downloading any app moving apps didn't help this situation or allow them to move (no option available to do so). Anyhow, it appears most retailers don't know (or disclose) whether the a phone can save apps to an SD card, so you may want to research this on any phone model you are interested in purchasing.  It appears, after my research that Huawei is known to be fairly good about "allowing" SD card to save apps.This memory issue aside, I am SHOCKED at how much I like the phone.  My last phone was an LG Connect - it got dismal battery life from the start (dead in three hours if it wasn't plugged into a charger).  This phone can sit on my desk all day and barely loses any battery. I can surf the net for hours and still I am barely down any juice.The speed is phenomenal, especially compared to the LG I had previously. The screen isn't the sharpest, but at this size, it doesn't matter much.  The camera isn't stellar. But the call quality is excellent and the surfing speeds are really fast. Considering that the next best phone is the Samsung and the price is about $400 more, this is the best you can do for a budget smart phone.My caveat was that I wouldn't get another LG phone because of the SD card unmounting issues and overheating and poor battery life on my last LG phone. In researching the "best" metro pcs smart phone I did note that the LG options didn't seem to have the same 4GLTE capabilities as this one and frankly, didn't look any better. Several sales people mentioned that LG phones tend to be "buggy" and indicated they would go for the Huawei over the LG.  I am glad, now that I've been using the phone, that I took their advice.

CAUTION!Do not fall into this trap! ... These phones are not promising in the publication. I bought one with the hope of receiving a huawei Y300 as promised in the publication, but I got one that is a bad copy of the original huawei Y300. Furthermore, there has front camera, no flash, and is a real problem for running applications.I recommend this seller.

not so good phone

I bought this for my dad and it's his first smartphone. RAM is limited at 512 Mb and he can't play Dots which is his favorite game but there are stable ROMs that can bump the android version up to 4.4.2  which I must admit impressed me.Battery life is good, and he has never complained about any of the features of the smartphone.

I am actually impressed with the quality and display/resolution of the phone for the price. Yes as mentioned in other reviews there is no list menu for apps like on other android phones. All the apps are displayed across the multiple screens of the phone but that's not a deal breaker at all. The resolution is good all apps are clear and bright. There are a variety of ring tones to choose from and they are actually better than the standard ones that typically come with other android phones. This phone also seems to hold a charge well. It is also unlocked and successfully works on the T-mobile network. I am definitely happy with the purchase and would recommend.

This is my first experience with a "smartphone" and cannot compare it to other devices on the market however, that being said, I find this phone to be head and shoulders above any other I've ever owned whether they were used or new. The speaker phone feature is loud and clear which is a huge plus for me. The only problem at the onset was it came with little user information however with help from other consumers I found a link to download one.The following link should prove helpful.[...]This link will take one right to the company website and directly to the manuals for this model phone.I live in an area beyond that wherein God left off creating on the sixth day so I can only get cable Internet out here. Connecting this phone to the Internet via a router was quick and painless albeit limits one connection to the range of the router.

Very sluggish performance and a lot of random restarts. Also, during some calls it cuts my voice off, even though its not muted. However, it is a budget phone and provides the basics. Besides talk, the messaging and other apps work ok, including the GPS Maps app.Overall, not my first choice but it is cheap, its unlocked, works in other countries with GSM frequency.

Liked that is was rooted but the camera will not work right out of the box. Tried installing other camera they too failed to work.

Nice build quality, recent (4.1) version of Android (most Android phones on Amazon seem to be running versions from 2 years ago), great screen, great price.  Recommended.

Excellent product. It has all i was looking for. And it was at a very good price. I certainlly recommend it.

this smartphone does anything i want, it doesn't have the speed of an iphone or something like that, but it has awesome features and everything works as its supposed to, I highly recommend this phone

I brought this phone in hopes that I can use it on T-Mobile's $50 plan. As soon as $63 (tax and sim) I learn the hard way that this phone is LOCKED to AUSTRALIA. This phone cost me time and money that I can't get back. If you think this phone is right for you for those who live in the US don't bother. It's not worth it.

This phone arrived well packaged but completely without instructions. Not even from where I could obtain them. Fortunately for me I have a computer and was able to search. Huawei have a website from which you can download detailed instructions. Without those instructions, I would be lost.As a phone, it works very well. It has a good screen, though I find it too small for my large fingers and strain eyes trying to read such small print.. Calling numbers is fine as the numbers are quite large but typing is too difficult for me, even using a pen.I have other jelly bean devices for internet so am not really concerned as I bought it as a phone and for that it is good.I found the camera a little disappointing but useful to have available.

Pros: cheap, has FM radio, well configured for not experienced android users.Basic applications like google maps, gmail works well. Liked 'Power saving mode'which is triggered when battery above twenty something percent. Liked 'File manager'which is useful and not default installed app in other androids. Liked expandableSD Card slot.Cons: couldn't run some apps from Play store. Didn't investigate reason, butthink due to small memory which is expected in smartphones of this class.

This phone seems to be a fine phone if you live in China and if you speak Chinese. It is not an Android 4 phone. It has elements of Android 4, but does not have most of the apps you want in an android phone. A lot of the apps are in Chinese and apply to applications in China. Most importantly, it does not have a google play app which means that you CAN NOT download any android application you want.

waiting for the Y300-0151 model and get me the model Y300-0100 not support my carrierwaiting the model 0151 HSDPA 850 / 1900 / 2100 but I received a model 0100 HSDPA 900 / 2100

Unlocked phone for multiple bands.  Just put in your SIM and it's good to go.  Awesome phone!  And you can't beat the price!

I have been using this phone since October and this is really an excellent phone and definitely worth the money.  I use it with Consumer Cellular and have never had a single problem. I installed their sim card and it worked immediately.At first I just used the basics of email, web surfing, and navigator but as time goes by I am amazed at what this phone can do.  Most of the time I stumble on to its abilities by doing something else  - of course you can download the manual which would probably explain it functions faster; but discovery is half the fun.I have never owned an Apple product because of the price (after all it is just a phone); but I'm wondering if they could make a phone this good for the same price - AND unlocked so you can choose your own carrier.I don't recommend many products but this one definitely gets a thumbs up!February 1, 2014 UpdateWill only connect to the internet if you are using Wi-Fi.This really is a great phone for the price but I have to knock off one star for the fact that it will not connect to the internet unless you are using Wi-Fi. I am using Consumer Cellular and used all the information and instructions they provided to set up the access point but it still will only connect to the internet if I am using Wi-Fi.  Went to the Huawei website and sent a message to their Customer Support to find out if there was something I was not doing right and received no response.

The information about the phone that I bought in your amazon`s store says it has 3G Frequencies: 850/1900/2100 MHz or 900/2100 MHz, I'm from Venezuela and I am very annoyed because the phone that I got has 850/2100 CDMA, which means that it only works in CDMA, I bought it because it had 1900 frequency that is what I really need in order to use 3G, Because of that I can't go online using the phone, besides, the phone that you sent me, comes from an Australian company called Telstra and it is not the one that is published in your amazon's store, it is a rip off.
