
great little phone for the older generation to start texting, and for someone who doesnt need the smartphone apps or costs

This is a replacement phone. It also a upgrade from what I had before. The quality is great! I love it. It does everything I need in a phone for me. So it is what I expected. I am still learning new things.

bout this phone as a temporary upgrade. But have been using it ever since. It is easy to use. Would recommend to others.

its a cool lil phone plain but its great very simple n exactly what i needed over all great buy nice prices

Keys are spaced nicely for fast typing, and it connects very easily to the Assurance Wireless network which is run by Virgin.  Clear sound, and great quality overall, especially for the price.  You can't beat it.  Camera is okay, several useful tools (alarm, calculator, calendar, notes), decent web browsing capabilities (don't expect an iphone browser), and just a decent phone overall.  If you're on a budget, I would DEFINITELY recommend this phone.

This phone was very nice. It came very quickly, it was brand new and is great for a pre-paid phone. The packaging was nicely done and I will order again.

This phone is easy to text on and read email. It is very basic, but it was cheap so I really can't complain. Overall its ok.

Works great.  But the keys are very small and thus error prone.  Camera zoom isn't very much.  But for $15, this deal can't be beat.

I didn't like the cell phone over all because it wouldn't hold a charge,it dropped calls left and right, and the charger that came with it didn't work.

I bought this phone for a friend. She loves it. No problems or issues. It doesn't break or shatter when she drops it

I tried to do a swap online between my Virgin Mobile cellphones of Jax and Brio and I was directed to call Customer Service to have the request done.  Over the years I've learned that waiting for help on the telephone to most Customer Service representatives gave me 1/2 to one hour to finish my household chores and do other things while I wait for a mortal to talk to. And, again I tried do the same online request to swap cellphones to no success.  Finally, I just created a new account for the Kyocera Brio for it.  On the positive side I have two cellphones in which the prior cellphone can act as a backup for the Kyocera Brio.  I recommend that you all do a printout guide to this cellphone it's very helpful to those who aren't tech savvy. It's about 1/3 of the size of the Obamacare Bill on healthcare but, very helpful and useful.  Or, you save it to a CD for future reference.  :)

Got it for my daughter. Unless you have tiny fingers, this is not the phone for you. Service was good and all that. But, I am returning it.

my son is still rocking this phone with no issues got it for his bday and its almost a year with no incidents or issues. He is 11 and doing a great job with it. Has a few bells and whistles nothing too much but just enough.

This phone was what I expected and more.  It isn't the best you can get, but it is surely the best you could imagine you could get for $20. Also, this seller sent it and I got it within 2 days, super fast.  The only thing I do not like about this phone is that I cannot find where I can see my missed calls, or even any call logs, at.  I have the keylock on because I always stick it in my back pocket, and when you have to unlock the keyboard it's like it resets everything. I recommend this phone for Assurance wireless customers, as that is what I have and it took 5 minutes to switch phones online and start using it.

I lost my Assurance Wireless Kyocera s2300 somewhere, and had to replace it, because you can't beat the 500 minutes for $5 plan. This phone has many more features than the s2300, is sleeker, and has a much better feel to it, like an android. And only $17.93 at the time too, when the Virgin Mobile website wants $23.99 for the same phone. Thanks Amazon!

DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE IF YOU ARE ON THE MINUTE2MINUTE PLAN. THEY WOULD NOT LET US USE THIS PHONE. WE WILL USE ALL THE MONEY WE HAVE AND THEN WE WILL GO TO ANOTHER CARRIER. THEY WANT YOU TO PAY $20 a month instead of $20 every 90 days. Virgin mobile will be losing a person who was with them for years.

I saw the same phone advertised at Target at retail price; therefore, I checked on amazon and purchased one, which was more affordable and saved $$. I recommend Kyocera Brio Prepaid Phone to anyone who wants more talk time and text messaging. The current Virginmobile monthly plan that I'm using is the $30 PayLo that includes 1500 minutes and 1500 of text messaging. I gave it 4 star because accessing the Web is not all that superior (pic images are blurred). What the heck, it's all about receiving more talk time and texting for my bucks. Other and that, the phone serves my purpose and satisfied.

THE TYPEWRITER BOARD LETTERS ARE A LITTLE BIT SMALL, BUT I GOT USED TO IT, I NEED TO GET BETTER GLASSES

I bought this as a temporary replacement for an Android (the Kyocera Event...oh, I had plenty of "events" with that phone...one of which involved throwing it at a building). And a temp phone is all this will ever be.I bought this because I read you could get the Web and check emails with it. Haven't been able to do either in the month that I've had it - no matter where I am. Internet connections are pretty spotty in my apartment building, but I can't get a connection on this phone anywhere, period. I also can't receive texts on it, which I'd read you could do.The sound quality is pretty bad. Sound quality is very important to me, so I would not recommend this phone on that score. As much as I hated the Event, it did sound good.I want another Android (my main problem with the Event was that it couldn't seem to understand that its primary job was to make PHONE CALLS, but I do like Androids overall), so the minute I get one, the Brio is toast. Overall, use it as a temporary phone. I haven't even bothered putting all my contacts in it. I'll wait for my next Android phone for that.Wouldn't recommend it for long-term use.

She only needed a simple phone. This one works very well for her. it came with a case and works well.

This phone far surpasses the price. The keyboard is so easy to use.I would suggest this phone to everyone looking for the ease of a keyboard to do their texting and phoning.

I have bought several prepaid phones and this IS the BEST so far! I get GOOD reception ANYWHERE! Ive owned a couple of Smart Phones that I paid a LOT more for that I didn't like..They would cut off on me mid sentence..etc Buy this one you wont regret it! I am a senior citizen and this phone is easy to use

the product is all I needed and more , it has more features than I expected am very satisfied !

i really like this phone, there are so many options for this phone and it works very well, just little memory

It new phone that I ordered arrived earlier than excepted and wasn't damaged. It works fine and didn't have any problems transferring my old phone to this new phone! Thank you

it does its job no problems yet came with what the store would of gave you a plastic box that is the devil to get into until you be careful and pull the razor out, I got this because Assurance wireless wont let you change the most crappy phone they give you until you get a ONLY pay lo virgin phone will work if you want to switch over phones, I hopes this help someone.

This phone doesn't and will not connect to the internet. You can't ever check you balance and usage on this phone, it's pure garbage.

Took 1 star off because the buttons are pretty small and i even have tiny fingers. Really hard for my hubby to hit the right ones. Works great with the free Obama phones through Assurance wireless. We have to call in to check our balance, when you go to check it using the &#34;Check my balance/minute&#34; feature, it trys to sign on to the web. Seems to get good service but actually NOT as good as the free cheap phone they give you. Could be because we have a case on it, not sure. All in all very happy! Thank you!

great phone even for the person with big hand like I do work great and I can text as well with it

I bought this phone cause my other was basically a brick I enjoy this phone but when u browse images on google it's literally worse than my old phone and camera sucks

Ditto everything Donna said. Just received mine today and finally got a hold of VM'scustomer service and was told that they will have to put it into investigation and a specialistwill get back to me within 10 days.The only difference is I don't care if I will need to use my old phone for a while longer.That's why I'm with VM. I don't use my phone very much.But if your looking for a phone you can get and be using the same day. Virgin Mobile mightnot be the carrier for you.I'll check back when and if I am able to activate the phone.Update: 4/1/13Today they called and enabled my service. They didn't transfer the amount of money I had in the accountuntil I called them to tell them about it. I was on the minute2minute plan with my old phone and afterasking them to check several times they verbally assured me that I wasn't on the PayLo plan and that I wasstill on minute2minute, though the Virgin website still says I'm on Paylo. I'll keep checking to see if theytry to take out a monthly charge instead of just when I use it. If I don't add to this review it's becauseeverything is going well. Now I just have to learn how to use this new phone!

well you get what you pay for and pretty much a good phone. it came in a brandnew package never opened and i like it . not a bad looking phone for it not being a smart phone either

Yes this phone met my expectations! I love it! The right phone for what I need to do! Great phone

This phone is great , i dial a few numbers and i can actually speak to my mom , one day i'll be able to send photos top my mom , oh wait , i could actually do that too , wow.

Pre-paid Virgin phone. What you get for what you pay - and you own it - it's not really worth complaining about anything wrong. The issues we have had have more to do with possibly the access to the Virgin network (somewhat limited at times, delayed VM's and texts) than with this phone. The phone has no issues other than less features compared to a smart phone. But when you are paying 90% less and still getting about 80% of the features, I think we did pretty well.

Not a fancy phone.  BUT, for tel calls and text messages it works just fine.  And, in a pickle, with patience, it will get on the Internet - for finding a restaurant tel #.No reason to spend big $ on a phone that talks and texts the same.

I bought two of them. One for me and one for my wife. We both love them and would recommend them to anyone.

Got this phone at Target Xmas present to myself. Great low price works great easy to use n text. Can't beat Virgin paylo plan for talk n text. Phone looks good too!

Great price for a good phone. I have no regrets for my purchase so far and does not look as if I will.

I'm disabled and pretty much housebound on a fixed income. I wound up getting an "Obama phone" to save the money it costs for a landline. The Obama phone I received was very small with the screen extremely hard to see. I took a gamble and hoped I could switch over to this phone. It works perfectly. This was less than half the cost of what I paid for my monthly landline.

Bought this phone late last year and can say I use it every day. However, cannot get my email to work on it and surfing the web is a pain. Otherwise, similar to a Blackberry.

I have had this phone for about 12 months. Ditto all the positive reviews here. I do not use the phone for accessing the web. I wanted a phone that had easy texting and calling features and nothing more.The phone is sparse on settings, but I see this as an advantage. I do not like to have to figure out so much when all I want the phone for is speaking to others and sending texts. If I am going to do any serious web research, I want to be in my office on a desktop or on a laptop, with a large display. I like that I could delete all the pre-loaded photos in the &#34;My Photos&#34; folder. The whole display is used compared to the equivalent Verizon phones' displays, making reading texts, looking at photos, and more on the Kyocera Brio much easier by comparison. I think the camera is pretty good for the money.  I have looked at several other &#34;candy bar&#34; style phones from ATT, Verizon, Net10 and others. The Kyocera Brio feels the most durable and looks the sleekest. I found Virgin Mobile's men and women from India to be fine, super polite customer service reps with good English skills. I give this phone five stars because of what one gets with it for the money.

I have been a VM customer for years and happened to be shopping and saw this phone for sale. I bought it to have for a back up phone and liked the features so well that decided to activate and use my other phone for a back up. What a nighmare, tried four different times to activate online only to recieve an error message and to contact VM directly. First call I was told that the phone could not be activated for two days as they were updating their system. Second call was told that it had an invalid seriel number and was put on hold for thirty minutes waiting to talk to someone else. Third call was told again that I would have to talk to technical services so they could put it in their new system, on hold again for thirty minutes. Finally just packed up the phone and returned it to the store where it was purchased.Virgin Mobile sent an e-mail apoligizing for the confusion, but wonder why they would put phones on the market that cannot be activated. Hopefully this issue has been resolved as this seems to be a fairly decent phone.

I originally had the JAX for my assurance wireless plan, and I HATED trying to text with it.  When it had an accident, I found this phone and it works great with my plan!  So much easier to text with!  I love all the preloaded ring tone options too!  My only disappointment is that I already had SD card, and it isn't formatted for the phone, but that is not the phone's fault.

Nice phone! i got this phone for the prepay portion. it is clear and easy to work. i may buy another one.

I am an owner of both android and non android virgin mobile. I must warn that you as customers will be very unhappy with virgin mobile on this phone. One reason is that virgin mobile will block you from downloading apps+games for their non android. You will pay 55 a month for their unlimited plan and you will won't get to download anything. If you are going to buy anything less than an android don buy from virgin mobile. Their android service is good though.

This phone is easy to text from and great compared to the phone I had before it. However, I was disappointed to discover that it cannot be used with wifi, so you have to use your service providers internet which is much slower than wif. I was also disappointed with the number of times I have to turn the phone off and on or remove the battery due to it freesing up. Most times it works properly though.

It's definitely what you expect. Bought it for my daughter and she loves it. It is the right phone to get for a child instead of all the latest gadgets.

This was a great buy for the price and it was for my daughter and she loved it. Amazon is the best.

Upgraded from basic Assurance Wireless phone to this one. So far I like it. Super easy to switch my service to this phone , took like 10 mins to do. Love the keyboard very easy to text with this phone. Which is why I got the phone , I do text often . I don't surf the web on my phone  (yea im an older guy lol)Camera is ok not great.  One good feature that I like is the the memory card has it own slot that the back cover hides.Wish it had video but you get what you pay for but for 23 bucks its a good deal.If it had video I would have gave it five stars. But I am glad I bought the phone. This is a good phone for the price.

Works with Assurance Wireless. This is a basic phone that does what it's supposed to. Can't beat the price. The keyboard is very functional. The only thing missing from the keyboard is the &#34;&&#34; symbol. Don't know why.

I have no idea what numbers have called me, so it is almost impossible to return calls because nothing is listed.  Email comes a close second because you have to go through every email....nothing is in list form.  Terrible phone.

This phone is excellent and a clear upgrade from my previous phone in every way except one. With that one way being the bizarre notification system on this phone. It does not show you how many notifications you have on the lock screen and if any button is pressed the led will stop flashing. Meaning, if your phone has a button pressed when in your pocked then the led will stop flashing and looking at the lock screen will not tell you that you had a notification.

This little phone does what I need it to do.  I can talk and text.  I am on the 250 min/text fpr  free a month and the phone is little, compact, a litte hard to get used to at first, but if  you are looking for a simple phone its great.  I also like that it alerts you with a sound when you get a text..

I love this phone!  I purchased this phone to replace a dying phone on a free phone plan.  It does the job perfectly and I love that I can text with ease.  Perfect for the price!

For pocket change it's a great little phone, calls, texts, internet if you need it (in an emergency).  If you just need a good value phone this is the one for you.

I wrote a review on Virgin Mobile's website and they deleted it due to &#34;not following their posting guidelines.&#34;- I bought this phone to upgrade from a flip phone to something with a keypad. This was a sore disappointment, since the keys are slanted sideways, which causes your fingers to slip onto other buttons.- The only thing I liked about this phone was its fairly long battery life. I could go 3 days without charging it. However, if I played a game on it, it would drain over a period of two hours.- The internet browser is awkward and as slow as dial-up internet despite being hailed as &#34;3G.&#34;- If you send a text at the same time you receive one, the phone will reject sending yours, make a weird beeping noise, and, very rarely, freeze.- The earpiece is very poor. I have a hard time hearing with any background noise, and I'm in my 20's (my hearing is fine).- The ringtone volume is horrid. It's either super loud, really loud, or inaudible. You also cannot adjust the volume of the text tone, so it either blares or vibrates.If you are seeking a phone for utility's sake to make calls and texts, look elsewhere first.

This is the first phone that I have owned that wasn't a flip phone. I had some minor issues with it freezing at first, but after messing with it enough, those went away. The keys are easy to use and the phone itself is a perfect size for my hand.

Overall, I think my only problem with this phone is that I can't change the theme color, so everything is always red. And if I put my background picture as something that is tall, not wide, the edges are always red...But other than that, it's a great phone for just text and talk. Yes, the keys are a little small. But my hands are average-small and it works great, never had problems.

I am not happy with the Kyocera phone and looking to go back to my old Kyocera phone.Clock radio works fine.Like Tickle Me France-yCigarettes were not what I expected but can't get to P.O. to return them so looking for someone to give them to.Did not read book yet but I do like Cynthia Freeman.

Good, inexpensive and highly functional phone with limited internet capabilities.  This phone is adequate for the person who simply needs a phone, like me.  If you use your phone like Snowden or the NSA, then this won't work for you, but if you just need a good phone, it does the trick well.

The phone is an economical choice for making calls and, particularly, texting.  The qwerty keyboard may be too small for bigger finger.  I have some trouble with the buttons but the predictive text does a good job correcting those errors.The firmware on these Virgin Mobile 'dumb' phones is pretty poor.  It's difficult to navigate and generally slow.  The phone also locks up on a screen every couple days and I have to remove the battery to get it restarted.I recommend this budget phone if you can put up with those issues.  For the price my expectations were pretty low.

Bought this phone for my 9 year old and he loves it. He says he can text really fast now and that makes me happy as a parent that he can contact me when he needs to. Great value for this phone. I highly recommend this item especially for kids.

I love it!  It is real easy to use.  I would tell others that it is such a great phone buy it!  You won't be disappointed.

The product came in a sealed box.  It was easy to set up and I have no problems with the carrier.  I hope to do business with him again.

Not a smart phone. Internet browsing is slow, but satisfactory for what I expected.  Couldn't get it to work with gmail for checking email.  Text and phone calls are great with no dropped calls in my area, and full bars of service. Great battery life.  No luck sending picture messages from email to phone. Keyboard is easy to use even without long fingernails.  Gets a little warm when talking for long period and charging.  Best deal for price.

It works really well for calls. Previously had Kyocera Event smartphone which was a poor phone for calls and fell apart after a couple months. So I downgraded to the Brio, a more quality phone. With a tablet for internet, this phone does the basics well. Typing is fine once one gets used to small buttons and it has a longer selection of ringtones.

I like this phone very much, but not much internet access and features online. can use it for email, but now V M is not going to let you use it for email anymore. may need to look for another provider.

I ordered this phone for my self and I really like the way it fit in my hand,my daughter saw it and decided she wanted one also so I ordered her one she also loved all the features the phone has on it

I was notexpecting much out of the phone for the price but have been pleasantly surprised. It stays charged for days sice I do not use it much. Being a light talker and texter makes this perfect. I cannot comment on the internet as I have not used it since it is not a wifi phone. For the price I paid on sale it is a no brainer.

The buttons are horrible, holding it in your hand and trying to text with it is practically impossible; there's too much space between the buttons. The main redeeming factor is it's better reception compared to other PayLo phones.

Phone didn't work out of the box, so I could't use it. The return policy expired 3 days ago, now I'm stuck with a phone that doesn't work. Not a good deal because instead of saving, I have to purchase a more expensive phone.  If I could give it -5 stars I would. YOU REALLY DO &#34;GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR&#34;!!!

I purchased this phone because, after my Sprint contract ran out, I wanted a cheaper plan. Virgin's pay plans are great, and it uses the Sprint network, so I thought this would be a good fit. Unfortunately, I'm having some issues with dropped calls. I'm not sure if the network coverage is somehow different, or if it's because this is a cheap phone and the shorter battery life is causing some issues. I actually really like the phone itself as far as being simple to use, great for texting, and just an all-around good basic phone for calls.However, dropped calls are a nuisance, and I did not have any problems before with the Sprint network, so I would give this phone a 3 rating.

it gets the job done. texting is a breeze. good battery life with quick recharge time. i really didnt text much before this phone, now i do a bit more.

dont have chip, so it does not work in venezuela

I have the 18 cent per minute plan at VM, which costs $20 every three months (more if you go over the $20 in minutes). It's worked well for me for years because I don't need to use it often.VM no longer offers this plan. In order to force existing customers to a new plan, they no longer let minute2minute users switch phones. I tried to swap phones online and was told to change to a new plan first. I called customer service and spoke with a live rep. She confirmed that there are no phones I can switch to and still keep my minute2minute plan.Prior to buying this phone, I checked VM's website and found that minute2minute users could use pay lo phones. This is no longer the case. I will be changing to Tracfone when I do need a new phone, because they have a plan that suits my needs.Update 9/3/13 A VM customer who purchased the phone after I did was able to keep the minute to minute plan. Maybe VM changed their policy back in order to keep these customers. It was too late for me, I've switched companies already. It was much easier to transfer my number than I thought it would be, but I would have been happy to stay with VM if they had let me.
