
Maybe I missed it somewhere, but this phone is apparently not compatible with Verizon Wireless service here in the States.  Attempted to activate it here after initial set-up but it was not recognized by the network. I then contacted customer support for Verizon who were very helpful but were not able to even identify this phone, let alone activate it for use. I will now be mailing it back and am awaiting the seller to call me back about this issue.Update- After further research, I discovered this phone does not work with CMDA (which is what Verizon uses). Unfortunately, this was not listed on the product description on the amazon site (not the phone's fault). The phone itself seemed very quick, responsive, and intuitive. Would have liked to actually have been able to use it.

got the phone on time, great phone, great for its price and good for the people that doesnt like huge phones, the size is great not too small or big, and its good for the price i paid

Was the right gift for my farther for the  holidays. He is in his sixty's and doesn't really like cellphones, but got this on the chance that he may like it , and all I can say it's a&#34; winner&#34;

EXCELLENT TELEPHONE, 100 PERCENT RECOMMEND IT TO ALL MY FRIEND OF VENEZUELA YOU SAVE MONEY, JUST HAVE TO PUT THE CHIP AND READY

i buy 2 set for b, day gift to my dear wife and dougther...was very suprise for them coz for long time using black berry.. well it's the about change to android's phones....!

THIS SAMSUNG EXCEED MY EXPECTATIONS!!! GOOD SIZE, PERFECT WEIGHT, A GREAT SMART PHONE....APPS WORKS FAST AND CLEAR!!!VIDEO AND PHOTOS ARE GREAT!!!

Good phone, fast and efficient enough for the average user, only problem to me is the size of the keyboard when typing

I check the equipment and fulfilled my expectations, I recommend it, I like all of the smartphone very good I'm happy

i bought this phone and got the chance to use it for several month and loved it, i just sold it but only because im gonna get the s4 mini jeje not for any other reason. the seller and item both recommended

arrived on time...buuuut...on the description says "factory unlocked" and it came in an black box with the "samsung" logo missing and with an european cellphone company logos (Orange). This is not a factory unlocked cellphone, I haven't turned on the phone so i don't know if it works well or not, but i'm really disappointed about this product.

the cellphone is fine and complete my requeriments!! i like it,i am from Venezuela and works perfectly corre thanks so much

The best phone ever created (After S3 and S4), Cheap, Fast and Stylish adquisition!. nothing to envy to its elder brothers!

I needed a quick purchase of a phone, for an affordable price, after my iPhone 4S was destroyed. I'm very happy with this phone as a replacement.

I live in venezuela and I have to wait my sister to como to have it.I hope Iwill love it!

I bought it to my daughter and she loved! It's very fast, light but is important to buy a cover case to protect it.

This is an excellent mobile. Its fast, comfy, easy to navigate... The perfect phone for everyone! I love it so much

Bought it from Wireless Everything. They had good ratings overall which encouraged me. Very vast shipping. Phone came with a U.S. electricity power supply, no international sockets although it came with a separate international adapter outside the phone box. No seal on the box but the phone was brand new with all wrapping. When turned on, the language was defaulted to English U.S., you just click OK. Color looks fantastic, way better than white or blue. Phone made in China, not Korea, or at least this color. I hope it hold for a while. Not sure yet about the quality of the battery. I will update my review in few weeks.

A very complete and good looking smartphone.  My wife love it because make her life more easy, taken photos, schedule her week, keep in touch with her family and friends.

The phone I purchased is a manufacturer product(Orange). After one week's use, I cannot make phone calls except for emergence calls. It is supposed to get the code to unlock it, I totally have no idea to get that code.

I love this phone. It took me a minute to figure out how to set it for English as it comes in French. Also I can't get 3g on my network with this phone so I can't use video calls minus that I love the phone.

I'm in the South East U.S.A. and I was concerned about purchasing the phone because most of the comments were about phone use in South America and over seas. I am using Simple Mobile unlimited pre-paid which utilizes the T-Mobile network.The Phone works fine! At first the battery life was horrible but once I turned off services like "location", "wi-fi", "auto-updates", the battery lasts for days. Charging it all the way and letting it go completely dead a few times also helps extend battery life.Internet is fast, app switching seems fine, no complaints from me. Other reviews claimed it paled in comparison to the S3 but I'm not seeing much of a difference. It does all I need it to. To be fair, I'm not one of those people who use their phone like a personal computer. I talk, text, and pretty much that's it. I might look up some driving directions occasionally and watch a youtube video here and there. So far doing those things have been a breeze. Haven't tried games or pandora and all that other jazz, just not into it.If you are a person who just needs to talk and text with occasional internet usage, but you don't want to pay $600 for a phone, this is the way to go! The size it awesome it doesn't look like I'm talking into a tablet!  LOL

I like the product, but it came with icons and welcome screen from the Orange carrier. That is not in the product description and that I didn't like it.

This is a very good phone. It has not given me any issues since July of 2013 that I bought it. Let us see how long it lasts.

Very nice gadget.No trouble at all.i have this phone over two years and its still going on.I used it to do just the same as the mother phone, only difference is the camera, but its just ok for its size.

I'm very satisfied with this phone and delivery too. It was delivered on time and I like so much this color because it's very elegant.Just one thing, you should describe product's details much better (be more specific), preferably all technical details (how many camera MP, ram, cpu, etc)... The rest, everything ok.

This product is everything I expected, is exactly as described by the seller 100% recommend it to everyone who purchased a mobile practice, fast, lightweight, good size and above all very stylish, provides high quality calls, navigation and other tasks for which it is made ... Samsung Galaxy Mini Tremendous Phone and android is the maximum

I love this phone.  It's a nice size, weight and has a beautiful screen. It has most of the features of my larger note 2 phone. It works very well and does everything I need it to do. It fits deeper into my shirt pocket than the note2 so if I'm doing something more active I usually take the &#34;mini&#34;. It's screen is actually larger than the I phone 4.

I have not had one complaint about this samsung mini.  It works perfectly for all the necessities in which I use them for

You might specify it is from orange company next time, and the back cover migth say it's actually just grey plastic. I will recomend it to other people without smatphones, it's good.

I received the phone and everything seemed fine, until i noticed the 'Orange' at the bottom right of the box at the network provider. European phones don't work in the U.S. for whatever reason, even unlocked, and so I've returned mine and am ordering another one. I'm just not going to order it from The Wireless Circle again, as it seems I'm not the only one who had this happen.

my cell phone doesnt work, I dont know what happend. say it havent sim!!! Dont like at all no o

Hello good day friend, I communicate with you on this opportunity to ask for the samsung s3 mini to buy him, it asks me to encerder ingrece says a code of reconocimiendo pim sim network??? which is concerned not with the chip card pim but will not work the cell is locked and I saw that is orange and I released pedi please confirms my doubts I can hardly thank you very much and good day.

I bought a similar phone from a different provider for a relative and having the phone being factory unlocked makes a huge difference.Just what I wanted!

I bought the blue one of these, but it's the same phone so I'm posting my review here also...I've heard a lot of back and forth reviews on this. I love this phone. I live in the U.S. and i have consumer cellular as my phone provider. I bought this phone, stuck my sim card in it, and had no trouble at all setting it up. All i had to do was go through initial set up steps like language settings (it was in English (ireland) and i changed it to english (united states)). Connected to our WIFI and the WIFI at my work without any problems...this phone amazes me with what it can do in a phone that's not overly bulky. My brother got one of these as well and i set it up exactly like mine without a single problem.

Excellent choiceNice color and practical functions this equip is perfect size for urban style.  From Venezuela very recommend that is for you

honestly, this phone is an AMAZING phone!!! so much better than I expected it to be considering some of the nasty reviews I had read about it..Especially if you learn how to root it and get Cyanogen 11 running on there, I promise you it will be running faster and better than any other phone you have used. Promise =]Also, if you're into custom roms and android development and stuff like that, they have a lot of different roms and mods out there for this phone.. TONS of development.I also enjoy the fact that it's not a super tiny screen but also not so huge that it almost looks like a Tablet like those note phones.. LOL.anwyasy, awesome phone! i recommend.

It is what I needI found this product on the web, good price good quality.I ordered an unlocked phone and in deed it works very well in Ecuador.

I love great products I recommend.for Venezuelans who want to buy is safe. works great in Venezuela for movilnet line works well.

This supposed to be an unlocked phone and that was the main reason I bought it. As soon as you insert the sim card you have this message: SIM Network unlock PIN. What do I have to do to have a real unlocked phone?? How you guys offer a factory unlock phone when that's not true?

It's the best. It has all I wanted..I used in other country and it functioned.. It arrived on time, it came with  protector, it was for free.

el vendedor lo publica como &#34;factory unlocked&#34; cuando no lo es, la caja venia sellada pero con el logo de Orange una empresa telefonica europea, cuando encendi el telefono este mostros el logo de Orange por lo que considero que Orange lo modifico previamente, no es Factory unlocked!!! a demas del idioma que android era Frances, me tomo algo de tiempo poner en Espa&ntilde;ol.y el telefono detecta solo 4GB memoria de almacenamiento cuando en la pagina de samsung dice que el galaxy mini S3 solo existen veriones de 8GB y 16GB.estoy muy desepcionado, el que no sea factory unlocked no me molesta tanto pero si el que tenga solo 4GB de almacenamiento.the seller is published as &#34;factory unlocked&#34; when it is not, the box came sealed but with the logo of Orange a European telephone company, when I turned on the phone it showed the logo of Orange so I think that Orange previously modified it, not is Factory unlocked! besides the android language was French, I take some time to put in Spanish.and the phone detects only 4GB storage memory when the Samsung website says the &#34;mini galaxy S3&#34; only exist verions 8GB and 16GB.I am very disappointed, which is not factory unlocked not bother me so much but if you have only 4GB of storage.

Telephone delivered quickly. Good and inexpensive model. The only thing - I can not delete the previously installed application. But I figure it out

excelente producto,telefono tal cual lo publicado.

Okay, so I bought the item from Open Group Wireless (Amazon fulfilled). It is Unlocked & International version with NFC. The phone came with French language or something by default with instructions on how to turn it into English.The Phone came in a black box that said Orange on it. It also has some Orange Bloatware on it.To those expecting a Factory Unlocked Clean Phone, this is not that phone. This is an unlocked phone that was suited for Orange. It is possible this phone rolled out of the Factory unlocked, thus they call it Factory Unlocked.The unit I got has been opened for Open Group to put in the flat plug to round plug adaptor. That way, we can plug it into our flat plugs for 110v. The phone charger itself is auto volt.There appeared to be some minor finger print smudges on the phone it self and a very tiny scuff on the back of the phone. I would have been happier if it came brand new and sealed from the factory.For everything it is and it can do, It's fair enough. Its still way better than a contract phone.

I like it but there is a problem when I text messages I attached pictures and when I try to send to another mobile I can't and I do not receive picture from another mobile. So what can do I do to receive and send Pictures with this mobile?ThanksYosief

Everything about this phone is great. Speed, screen, features, size, etc. Specially size, as I do not like phone sizes like the normal S3 or S4. The only drawback I find on this model is it does not have a stock Android.

the phone is perfect, works very well, has a good size, very fast, i liked very much the touch screen

We received the phones extremely fast. They work fine with straight talk. Everything went smoothly to add them to the account.  I did have to have straight talk walk me through how to change a setting to be able to send picture messages, but it was very easy. We love the phones.  We chose these over the iPhone s3 because of the functions we wanted on it. We can Skype with the front facing camera. The calendar, e-mail, etc. sync just fine. Has tons of fun features to make using it easy.  Overall we are very happy with this purchase and the seller.

A little bit slowly, although very good. This mobile as I expected it is very good here in Brazil, I recommend you to buy.

I recommend this product very good it will meet your needs. It should be sold with other color cases but it is still worthy.

Phone is beautiful. Came on time. Only for European use, no English instructions. Good for use in Israel. Please read description carefully to be sure that the phone is right for your country. Thanks!

I really like this phone.  I've been using it about a month and a half now.  I have t-mobile and actually didn't have to change the settings for my mobile data or pictures messages to send, which was nice.It's a pretty small phone, which is convenient, but it's still big enough for texting and browsing the internet.  I've never used swype input on the keyboard in the past, but I've started using it on this phone and really enjoy it.  I think it is because the screen is small enough to swype quickly.It has a camera on the front and a camera on the back.  The back one is 5 MP, which is decent, takes pretty nice pictures.  The front camera takes pictures like you would expect from a front facing camera.  It has a flash, which is nice.Overall, for the price, this phone is more than worth it.  Most unlocked phones (that are android and good) are normally ridiculously priced, so I was glad to pick up this phone for a cheap price.

I just upgraded from a HTC Wildfire S, and I'm so glad I did! The only problem with this phone was that it was an international model, so I had to adjust many settings (including time to 12 hours instead of 24 and celsius to farenheit). It also didn't come with an English manual. It came with an European charger as well, which living in the U.S., was pointless for me. But it did come with a separate USB cable that I just plugged into a USB wall port to charge it on the day it came. It works fine, as I set the language to English, U.S. The cell phone is perfect for my use! The cell phone itself is not to blame for the certain adjustments I had to make by being an American resident, so I gave it 5 stars. I would recommend, however, searching for an American model (if there is one) as opposed to this international model that I received if you are a U.S. resident. Otherwise, it's an amazing phone with many great features. I have T-Mobile and it works great. I do not regret purchasing this phone at all!

Everything was fine, even if it wasn't factory unlocked. But after a month of use every 2 minutes a message of error appears. I haven't download any application.And the price is not fair now this model costs less than 300dlls.

I love this smartphone because:Slim.Cheap.Fast.Android.Its PERFECT!!Totally recommended.And waiting for Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini.

I bought a Samsung SIII Mini it says unlocked, but it ask for a pin? What number should I place him to use it.06/16/2013:This seller (Open Group Wireless) does not sell this phone unlocked. It happened to him via another buyer, as well as a relative of mine. I wonder if he is as responsible as to reward these people. I advise not to believe much.

This is a great purchase, no dought.small powerful great design. I am very happy with it.so far I have bought 3. Works great in Venezuela

for a person that seldon uses a cell phone, this one is easy to use.i recomended . is a good product

Really nice phone. I bought two of these, for my daughter and son. Perfect size for pocket use. They both love it.

Very  easy to use (open the box, place your chip and that's all)The only problem is that instruction are in frech without translation

You have apps here you won't use if you're in the U.S. but it's unlocked and rooting it was no problem.

Great replacement for my older Samsung running android 2. Took my older sim card without any problem and that was what I needed.

Its small compact and the speed is nice for every day life.I recommend this phone for first time android users

Bought it from Open Group Wireless. Sent to NJ.Sealed box, brand new, from Orange. Only has a tiny orange logo on the back and some orange apps but it doesn't bother me.When turned on, the default language was French, but it comes with easy instructions to change it.I think the phone is perfect for its price. I'm in Uruguay, and it works fine, conected as soon as I put my sim card in.

excellent product but i need to know if i can blocked this cellphone at least for internet service and aslo other features

Its size is perfect for my handbag, and it has all the apps I needed. It's camera has a high definition and I think the relationship cost/benefit is very good.I would recommend it.

nice cellphone, the only thing is that it isn't unlocked from fabric, it was made for orange and after it was unlocked, but it's fine anyway

It was delivered fast and it was unused in the original box. It looks great in Titanium, better looking than on the picture. I do not know how the French Orange mobile phones end-up in the USA, but the phone is at a great price and works as expected. Would buy from this supplier (Top10Cell) again.

Bought this phone, and did not receive what I purchased. I was hoping to get a factory unlocked phone, and instead I got an Orange carrier phone which I cannot use in my country.I now have to return my phone, get a refund and start the process all over again.

It's been a challenge getting basic apps like Facebook to download. Strange. Other than that it works ok. Changing the ip address to a different country seems to be the fix.

en buen estado, sellado, buena calidad, puntuales, perfecto, atentos, confaibles, en resumen si es lo que esperaba que llegara .

Very good. Keep their promises in the publication. Excellent mobile Samsung I8190 GT-I8190 S3 Mini Unlocked in relation to cost.

It is a fine cell phone, small and light but with all the needed functions. It works fine for me, I recommend it.

Okay, so the phone is awesome. I am an avid iphone user but didn't think the 4s or 5 was worth the upgrade. Plus I can purchase this phone unlocked for 300 bucks and use it when I am in the States or Mexico. The one caveat is this one, (the I8190), won't work with 3g data speeds. You will get Edge data speeds but if you want 3G Data in Mexico Telcel, or At&t; in the US, you will need the I8190-L. That model has the 850 band that is essential to the Telcel and At&t; 3G network data speeds. If I am mistaken on this fact, please correct me, however my research (and experience) spoke to this being true.Bottom line is the phone functions flawlessly and the Android OS is a breeze. Very easy to learn even if you are accustomed to iOS from Apple. Also has a few great features like NFC, toggling wireless and bluetooth and gps connections from the home screen; also a really useful feature of text to call where if you are texting someone and want to call them, you just lift the phone to your ear and after a 1 second delay it automatically dials them. Seemed trivial at first but I found myself using it all the time.The camera is great, although I never used it for video calls because I am married to facetime. Other than that, I highly recommend this model if your local network supports it or the "-L" model for use in the States and Mexico. Great user experience!

It was for my wife. Anyway it works fine according to her words. Well... I was very dissapointed by that Orange logo and startup screen....

I received the item next day as requested and so far it has been working really well.  It has froze up a few times when switching from one screen to another.  I am liking this phone alot.

Reviewed as a &#34;mid-level&#34; smartphone . I cant imagine why . Dimensions are perfect. Fits unobtrusively in even small pockets . Easily visible in all light conditions . and best of all .  .  .  . it does everything the way you would expect a smartphone to , capably !  I have several apps installed  that have caused  no noticeable loss of speed or performance . Wi-Fi and Bluetooth performance are easy to pair and connect quickly . At less than two hundred fourty bucks . This phone is a massive buy .

I bought this phone for my wife as a Valentine's Day gift to replace her failing BB. She was reluctant to make the switch to Android, but now she has seen the light and is perfectly happy with it. We've had no issues with it so far, though I know of other Galaxy phones that have had some issues with certain apps. I have another type of Android but those apps work fine on my phone. Go figure. But this thing is very powerful and is a lot of phone for the money.

I like this cell phone because is big enough, and very funtional. It arrived in perfect condition, i recomend buy one

========== ATTENTION ==========If you order from Open Group Wireless, you will get the newer GT-I8190N which includes NFC. Also, the phone will have Orange branding on it (back cover), an Orange boot-screen and Orange bloatware accompanied by the typical Samsung bloatware. While the Orange branding/bloatware is a little off-putting, it doesn't have a major impact on the overall experience. Moving on...-------------------------------This thing is super light! Before this I had a 5" screen phone and while that was nice for some things, it was huge when making phone calls and doing single hand actions. I love the size of the S3 Mini. It sounds great for music. Jelly Bean (Android 4.1.2) runs really smooth on this thing, with the occasional lag here and there. The screen resolution is great. Wi-fi works very well. I put in my AT&T; Prepaid SIM in and it worked straight out of the box. I got this phone mainly for travelling in Central America. I am super happy with it so far.MUST HAVE ACCESSORIES:Screen Protector: Spigen SGP S3 Mini Screen Protector 3-PackPick these over the more cheaper options available. I originally made the mistake of buying the MPERO 5 Pack and I don't even want to link them here because they suck so bad compared. The Spigen ones fit WAY BETTER and are much nicer.Case:E-LV Matte Flexible TPU Case Cover Skin With Adjustable and Removable Back StandThis case is a PERFECT FIT for the S3 Mini. It feels sturdy enough that it will last a while, plus it has a removable/adjustable kick stand which is very usable.SDCard:G.Skill 32GB Class 10 MicroSDHC Flash Card with SD AdapterThis is a given but I figured I would add it anyway. Get yourself a reliable, quality SDCard for this thing and don't look back!-------------------------------Like I said above, it ships with the usual Samsung bloatware as well as a couple Orange apps. These can be disabled via the app manager now in Jelly Bean. If you want to take it a step further, you can freeze/uninstall them with Titanium Backup after you have rooted. Rooting is a very simple process with this phone.*** ROOTING *** (at your own risk)UPDATE YOUR FIRMWARE VIA KIES APP FIRST IF NECESSARY.Apparently, Amazon likes to strip links out... anyway go search the XDA forums and all the info you need is there.

All good, excellent phone, size and battery ok and no carriers logo. Recommended if you want a cheap powerful phone

I dont like the large phones which are like small tablets. This replaced my HTC Aria (Liberty). Its a little bigger than it and I wish it was the same size but I'm very happy with it and the screen is far superior, as are the processor and on board memory.Phone that I received was an Orange (France) model but was in English when I powered it on.

Phone new and in perfect condition. Is consistent with the description of amazon. With all accessories, and security seal. Thanks

nothing much to say about this unit. i love the colour... as the grey ones arent popular here. phone works well. think my uncle will be happy with this.

Just bought as a gift.received in 2 days paying the minimum at shipping choice.phone is great,no complains at all.the person who got it on its birthday just love it,couldn't be happier.

It's everything I want in a smart phone.  It does have a few french aps to ignore,  but that's no big deal. I like the small size. I'm glad I bought it.

It full filed  my expepections, it has been in use under a local carrier digitel  with no problems here in Venezuela. Nice size and enough for my daily use.

Nice phone; for the money I invest on it, it gives me what I need. The color is what I like more.

It works perfectly in Venezuela.I had a little problem with de wall charger... It doesn't work, I have to use the USB cable... But the phone it's really great.

I am not satisfied with the purchase because the cell phone camera does not work please tell me how i can solve the problem

This device is really everything you read there. Fast, light, efficient, beautiful screen, excellent sound. I'm very pleased with it.

This smartphone is incredible. Is a mini computer in your pocket. With thousands of applications for everybody. I recommend because this is the next generation of smartphones.

This is a great phone. I work overseas and I dont use cellphone because where I work, lets just say we dont have reception. So when I go on R&R I need to get back in civilitation, since even the elementary kids have cellphones I need to comunicate with my people. I choose this one because Iphone get on my last nerve, and this one its pretty easy to handle, also its unlocked, which make is a lot easier for me to go any country, just change the SMS card and voala, I have a phone. Lots of features, pretty easy to handle and I recdommende it.

I bought this phone for that said Factory Unlocked, but I get is Telefonica Europe of Orange, the same does not work with 3g signal, the signal at times does not work. I bought another phone Samsung SIII mini of other seller and this doesn't have these problems. This is really a scam in the ad says unlocked but is not true.
