
I will never buy another Samsung product. This couldn't be worse.  I dial the phone and put it to my head, my cheek hits the buttons, and I have to use speaker. I DON'T WANT TO USE SPEAKER!  It doesn't have a timer, I have to download an app.  The volume for calls isn't high enough, no matter what I set it on. I can't hear it unless it's in the same room next to me.

There is a lot to like about this phone.  Android 4.0, nice size factor for a device used primarily as a phone (I mostly use my tablet for web browsing, etc).  And a very reasonable price, especially when coupled with Straight Talk's $45/mo unlimited plan.  The negatives...slow, very limited internal memory and an internal "emulated" SD card.  The OS does not allow offloading (most) apps to your plug-in MicroSD, just data files.  I found I had to get rid of Google Music player to have control of where my music was stored to free up space, and also uninstalled some "low priority" apps to free up space.  All in all a fair tradeoff.  This is no Galaxy S4...but it doesn't cost $500 either.  Nor is it as big and bulky as an S4 or iPhone, it still fits comfortably in my back pocket.  It does have an internal GPS; I downloaded Co-pilot for "disconnected" navagation, and it works perfectly.  For someone that has a tablet and uses this as their "secondary" device for mobil web surfing, I think this is a good fit, especially if you have reasonable expectations.  If you're spending hours a day on it and it's your primary mobile device, not so much.My experience with Straight Talk customer service was only so-so.  I tried to transfer over my old Tracfone number...the web based service "dropped" me before the process was completed.  I called customer service and was told we were "in the que" and it might take up to two days to transfer the number and activate the phone.  I waited one day and decided "screw it" and got the new number, was up in about 10 minutes them.I'm happy with the phone and plan.  It met my expectations and is the lowest-cost approach for unlimited talk/text/data that I know of, that offers a decent-quality Android experience.  My Google Play account, apps and data purchased/set up on my tablet transfered to the phone perfectly (contacts/Kindle books, etc).  The most significant limitation is that teathering is not sllowed under Straight Talk's plans.  I was aware of that going in, so there were no surprises.  I'd give it a higher rating, based on my expectations; but again, it's no S4 or iPhone in terms of performance, don't want to make anyone think it is.  And Straight Talk's customer service is lacking.  I was a Tracfone user for years...they are sister companies and I learned to dread needing to call CS.

Just got it on line at Walmart for 29 bucks!!!!! Missed it at the store. It as time to upgrade !!!

Aswome deal got it when i did i was looking for android 4.0 and i founs one for $75 who coyld pasd up a pink heavy duty case charger phone and stylus

This was my first straight talk phone and it was great for about a month...now my phone doesn't ring or alert me at all for anything. My alarm doesn't even work on it...all it does is vibrate so I am very unhappy with this phone and looking for a new phone.

Im amused at the people complaining on on the reception. Did you not pick up a flyer on each phone? Always at Wal Mart? Each phone has a code at the bottom (left corner) It then has a map that collates with the code. So you can see if a certain phone will work better in your region. :) Pretty neat huh? I stepped down from contracts with Verizon over 12 years and at last count we had went up to 180 for 2 phones? Really? Your phones arent free on those plans your just paying for them over time. I got this little bad boy and no drop calls, perfect reception, 3G every where I have been? Very happy for a 99.00 phone and a simple 45.00 /month. It can't get any better! Thank you!!

I was pleasantly surprised by the Galaxy Centura. It is my first smartphone. It was easy to set up. Additionally, the phone is faster than I expected. Nearly all the apps in Google Play work with the phone. I purchased the phone at Walmart for $99.The "Samsung Galaxy Centura" does not take good pictures. It has a 3 mp camera with no flash. It really is the worst thing I can say about the phone. For $99, it's not bad. If you plan on taking family portraits with the phone, then you will need to find a more expensive phone. Otherwise, it's fast and the apps (not requiring auto-focus) work with the Android 4.0 operating system.There are no available cases at this point in time at Walmart (remember, it is a Straight Talk- sold only in Walmart exclusive phone.) I suggest ordering a case off of Amazon. Definitely recommended for people who want to save money on their phone plans. Currently, you have to purchase the $45 a month plan in order to operate this phone.

its a good phone every once in a while I'll have to reset the clock but other then that its a good phone.

Purchased this at Walmart after seeing a positive YouTube review.  Had it for 1 week now and love it.  I've downloaded apps such as pandora, facebook, netflix, and Maps with no issues.  Screen it responsive, Netflix ands youtube videos play flawlessly, and the voice search has never steered me wrong.Except for perhaps a better camera (not a concern for me) I just don't know why you'd need a more expensive phone.

This is a bargain, but I recommend buying it at walmart because you can purchase a separate protection plan that replaces the phone entirely and refunds you if something goes wrong with it and that saves you from having to deal with the non-existent straight talk customer service.  I have had three of these so far mainly because I have a problem with dropping them and they really don't like water.These are 3 G CDMA phones (there is no port for a SIM Card) and have the usual features that come with them: wifi, single front-facing camera (no flash), blue tooth, voice features, touchscreen, Android 4.XX, headphone with mic input though the new apple headphone's mic doesn't get recognized so you will have to use another brand with that feature.The time on this phone sometimes will change at random, tapping on the automatically detect time setting twice fixes it quickly and temporarily, some third party apps fix this completely, but for some who use this as an alarm clock it might be a deal breaker.The google driving directions app is kind of quirky on this phone compared to others, if you pass a road you were supposed to turn on it doesn't calculate a new route automatically, it sends you in one big circle to get back on that road you passed.  This can be fixed by exiting and re-clicking on your destination and it is possible 3rd party apps might fix this I haven't tried any others.Another quirk is that you cannot tether this phone to your laptop for internet connection sharing, some third party app may make this possible (I don't know), but by itself with just the software it comes with, it can't be done and seeing as it is straight talk this is likely intentional.Sometimes the phones freeze actually a lot of phones on the market freeze and these ones do more than most.  Even my iPhone 4S a while back did this, for me its a non-issue.Overall, it's okay, it has a number of quirks that might be a problem, but it's also laden with features not on your standard cheapo phone.  I even read nook books on it.

Bought this phone from Walmart for $100.  This is my second straight talk phone, I also have the Samsung galaxy proclaim.  Specs are mostly the same.  Got this for the Android 4.  Have been switching between both and find I like the proclaim better.  Keeping it notFirst off, usability is frustrating.  For example, when using the text app, to use voice-to-text, there is no little microphone icon, you have to use a pull down menu, then select input options, then choose google voice..  Sigh..Second, the battery I had worked good at first, then quickly died.  In fact thought the phone was dead.  Bought a new longer-lasting battery from Amazon and it worked, but had to do a factory reset to get it functional again.This phone can run Android 4 apps, but they are slow, it has a slower processor, and works as a budget phone. If thats what you are looking for great.I will most likely put this on craigslist once I find a new phone..

This was my first smartphone bought in July 2013 and kept it for 6 months, but I wanted to upgrade immediately from the day I set it up.  It's an older, bottom-end phone, and I strongly recommend that you look for something better.  Straight Talk phone service was GREAT in SF Bay Area at $45/mth, but I've upgraded to a Samsung Galaxy 3 and switch to T-Mobile's $30 month for 5GB of 4G data and unlimited text, but only 100 talk minutes (which is perfect for me).  Don't waste your money on this old Centura!!!

I actually got this as a replacement for my Galaxy Proclaim when I sent it back to straight talk due to charging issues.  Apparently they thought it would be a good trade.  I was impressed at first with the different features that made it better, however it is always lagging, and at times it can take up to 30 seconds to complete a call after it's already been selected to call.  I was willing to look over it, but now I have static issues due to my microphone.It is a terrible phone with impressive aspects.  Personally I don't think they tested it properly before issuing it.

I made the switch to Straight Talk to save over $50 per month from my previous Sprint plan.I bought this phone from a big box store.It has no LED, so no camera flash or flashlight.The camera has no MACRO mode, so close up pictures turn out blurry.No forward facing camera.No way to turn off the camera's shutter sound (unless the phone is in silent mode).Inconsistent MP4 video support (some MP4 videos will play, others will not).Extremely slow processor. Takes a long time for aps to load, and the phone locks up for minutes at a time.No way to update PRLs (that I've found).Also, it regularly does not connect automatically to remembered WIFI networks. At work, it still shows connected to my home WIFI. This causes my battery to drain rapidly.Also, my paired bluetooth headsets disconnect randomly. This is highly annoying and can not be attributed to the headset as it happens with multiple bluetooth units (Jabra, Sylvania, Motorolla, and Emerson).The following are more network related as opposed to hardware issues, but bear mentioning:I regularly find I have no network availability in a fairly large city (at least twice a week).There have been many occasions where I have had to reboot the phone to acquire a connection to a celular network.Text messages sent and received are delayed for an hour or more on some occasions, generally early in the day.I'm going back to Sprint and getting an S4.

Listen to me.... Don't order it.... get it at your local walmart! And get a card.. then u'll be all set!!! :)

I left one of the big networks to go with Straight Talk due to cost and contractual obligations. I wanted something similar to my Samsung Nexus S 4G so I read many reviews about numerous phones on several websites. This one came very close to the Nexus and, after a few months use, actually performs, in almost all cases, better. I rarely use my phone to surf the web, only on occasion to check something in a hurry if I need to but when used it has done well. Mostly I use this phone for talking, texting, and for sure to access personal and business email when away from home and office. The one thing I do appreciate with this phone is no excessive initial bloatware that demands juice and drains my battery. That said, there is a lot that can be done to customize it to your taste and use. As it is an Android 4, Ice Cream Sandwich, you can get pretty much anything you want from Google Play. The music playing feature is not that great, better than some, worse than others, but I don&#8217;t use it for that. Likewise, for me, the camera (3mp) is okay if I just want a quick snap of something and my DSLR is packed away. I rate this on connectivity, which, for me has been excellent. Not one dropped call. Sound quality when talking has been superb. Likewise, connecting to the network and placing calls. Text messages seem to arrive in an instant. The email synch is great. I have 4 different emails connected to it. The touch screen is not too sensitive and operates great for me. The 3.5&#8221; screen is a good size, but may be slightly small for some. And, if needed, there is a micro-SD slot. The one little quirk I have experienced (twice in 4+ months) is that, for no reason at all, my clock went bonkers. My digital read-out lost 5 hours, both times. Easy fix by rebooting, but strange nonetheless. Other than that, this is a very good phone. I generally get 3, sometimes 4, days before recharging. The phone is worth $100 for sure, but when it is found on sale, it is a bargain.

I bought my first one Nov 2013. In Jan 2014 it stopped charging. Called Straight Talk. Very time consuming and not good customer relations. They sent me another phone. When I got it, it was a refurbished phone. Since i had paid for new, I expected a new replacement. Now it is April 2014 and this phone has stopped charging. Called Straight talk today, got a little better customer service, they are sending me a replacement phone. I ask if i could have a new phone this time and she said they had no control over what phone i would get, new or refurbished. I thought I was being smart by getting an entry level, no contract phone. Now i see why people pay the money for a contract phone. No hassel in returning it. I am not a happy customer and if I did buy another no contract phone, I would put out more money for it and hopefully get a better product.

Everything I press has a big delay. I need to restart it multiple times a day due to freezing. The clock changes randomly, making it useless as an alarm. Sometimes it runs ok, but any sort of multitasking makes it very slow. I can't even recommend it for texting, as the keyboard takes 5 seconds or more to open. There's a reason why the used ones are so cheap.The LG L34C Optimus Fuel is a much better phone and only costs $30 as i'm writing this. It has a duel core processor and runs on Verizon towers.

The phone needs to be on the charger a couple of times a day and seems to take longer than it should to reach a full charge. The time on the clock keeps changing by itself so it will need to be shut down and restarted and then it goes back to the correct time. Also straight talk recycles numbers too quickly so if you get a new number from them instead of transferring your old one you are getting a phone number that as very recently in use. This leads to constant texts and phone calls from people who are looking for the person who just got rid of this number. It's really annoying.

I have been reading a great deal of Internet traffic on call & text blocking.  My wife gets a sizable number of phone calls and text messages that we have referred to the National Do Not Call Directory with no results.  I want to make sure that call & text blocking work on this Straight Talk phone.  Mr Number or otherwise.

I had gotten a defective LG Optimus Q so went to exchange it today for *any* phone that would work, and the girl tells me I just got this in, it's not on the floor yet.  And - wow!!!  The phone is so close to my Ipod 4 in size and design it's trippy and makes it feel oh, so familiar. And then, - well in all honesty on this phone, Google OWNS you, so you need to be prepared for doing everything through Goggle play.  But once you've gotten past that, the phone will knock your socks off.The actual browser button is so slow I'm not sure it works, but the Google search does, and quickly and there's also a pull down of different search engines and browsers - you can even Bing! although it still took me to Google play to download the app; if you really objected to that, I'm sure there's a work around.Apps download easy and quick, the screen is incredible; it's so small yet a Youtube video looks almost the same as it does on my Kindle, if not clearer!  IHeartradio sounds great, there are widgets to customize your screens and take you straight into things like settings - two more pages after "home" to add things to and apparently you can augment its 4 GB with a SD card up to 32 GB!Absolutely amazing phone experience - it even makes me glad the one I got was defunct, and makes me a lot less mad about the at least 8 hours I had to spend discovering it, changing them out, and dealing with Straightalk.  The phone features are good, intuitive and there's a ton of customization going on with it.  If you want to decline a call, you can pull up a menu and shoot back a reply from a quick menu of things like: "I'm busy, will call you right back."Just all in all a ton of fun and a very interesting read on 4G Ice Cream Sandwhich if you want to Google more of what makes this phone unique.  There's a lot written about the camera and video on here too - it'll be interesting to see if it's as good as its press is.

Works very well and runs off Verizon towers so service works great. Camera is okay. Doesn't have flash and the quality pictures are not that good. But if you are looking for an awesome phone this is it. Fast and networks great. I bought a $250 phone that didn't work as good as this one and the android program is newer.

I thought I was smart when I left Verizon for Straight Talk. The idea of no contract seemed good at first. Boy, was I ever wrong. I initially had a Galaxy Proclaim. It was so-so. The Proclaim began having battery issues after about 9-10 months and I purchased a Centra. It just does crazy things and is unpredictible. Horrible! The only thing worse than the phone is the service from Straight Talk.I will be going back to Verizon ASAP.I'm planning on getting a Motorola Droid Maxx.

This phone has many problems. After the first few uses the clock on it stopped working. For instance it will say 3:00 A.M. when its 7:00 in the morning. IN choir class one time my phone started randomly blasting the alarm I set for 7:00. Also it has a small amount of storage space and you can't download many apps or photos before the storage is full. Sad thing is it has a great camera. Another thing is that after two months it shut off randomly and i couldn't turn it back on at all and had to get it fixed. Also it doesn't have a front facing camera which was a disappointment. You're better off buying an ipod or a more expensive phone

I had originally purchased the Samsung Galaxy Proclaim and was very happy with it. I paid almost $200 for it. after owning it for 8 months, the charging system fried my phone. I was told at Wal Mart that I would get the same phone as a replacement. No such thing...Straight talk sent me a Samsung galaxy Centura, which is only a $100 phone. the phone pales in comparison. Even the calendar is junk. In my opinion, half the price means half the phone! I called and complained several times to customer service and no one seems to care. They have an "oh well, that's all we can do for you" attitude. It's very discouraging and disappointing. When I receive a call, I have problems understanding half the people on the other end....the clarity is poor, and it also has an echo. It does have a few better features than my old phone, but all in all, I prefer my old phone. I've only owned it for a week now, so I'll see how it goes. So far, I'm not convinced I'm going to like it any better next week.

Ok so this is my second straight talk phone I recently had the Samsung galaxy proclaim that I had bought for a crisp 180 with tax, so this phone seemed like a good buy it had the latest android Os and the price tag was good. A few of the specs differed yeah.  Well let's start from the reception when I was at home I would get perfect signal. I leave and go to work and it was always in and out of service. Now here recently it refuses to pick up or even notice any wifi including my home wifi .... I did a restore on it.. that did nothing but take away all my apps.. I've had this phone less than a week and it's already acting up?? I warn against this phone. Btw don't try to take your phone back to walmart to Ryan to get a replacement or a refund they will not do it.

I had really hoped this would work - 600 free minutes of talk, text and data via an hsn deal and just got my answer today. What a piece of crapola.YOU CANNOT ACCESS IN ANY WAY HOW MANY MINUTES OR SERVICE DAYS YOU HAVE LEFT VIA THE PHONE.Please read that sentence to yourself 10 times before you buy this piece of slop. If you want to find out if you have enough minutes left to make a call, well SURPRISE!!!! You have to go to ST or Tracfone's website to enter the phone number/partial serial number and THEN you are finally provided with the info.I literally had a mentally defective Tracfone representative (well that was redundant)tell me that in order to keep track of my minutes and data usage, I should 'write it down on a piece of paper'. I swear to god, I am not making this up.And as far as I can tell, there is also ABSOLUTELY NO WAY TO SEARCH YOUR MUSIC VIA VOICE COMMAND. God almighty! Can't Tracfone/Straighttalk do anything right? Have a TMobile Prism that I thought I would return for this deal from Tracfone, but after one half day trying this junk out, and dealing with reps at Tracfone and hsn who haven't a clue about the phone or its functions, I am now willing to pay more for a phone that actually works.If you buy this....thing!, may god have mercy on your soul...but don't say you weren't warned!

This phone has been the worst phone I have EVER had.1. It constantly freezes up on apps to where I have to wait minutes before it force closes. If I try to just power it down, it won't work. I literally have to take the battery out (which is hard to do since it takes a freaking knife or something to get the cover off)2. It powers down and reboots itself when I'm in the middle of a phone conversation.3. The 3g never wants to connect and when it does, it drops it easily.4. I have to constantly power it down to get the 3g back and THEN, half the time I can't get it to power back on!! I have to (again) get a knife or something to take the cover off and get the battery out and then back in for it to power up.With that said, when it works, it is a nice phone and maybe I just received a highly defected phone. But his is ridiculous!! I knew when I purchased it that I was losing out on flash for my camera and a few other features from my previous phone but I thought it was worth it to get a Straight Talk phone on the Verizon Network. So far, it hasn't been worth it. I've used other Verizon network phones (not smartphones) on Straight Talk so I know it's the phone and not Straight Talk. Therefore, I'll continue to try other phones with Straight Talk. You just can't beat the plan...when it works.

This phone works great. It runs off verizon towers so it works everywhere. Never drops a call. Does anyone know where the sd card goes in it?  I cant find it. Also. Does it use a micro sd card?  Please let me know. Thanks.

I have no problem with the phone's look. It was as described--a bit scuffed and worn (which is covered by a phone case)--and functioned well. My actual problem is that I couldn't start the thing. I turned it on and tried to activate it and start my service plan but it wouldn't let me, saying that the phone was already activated and in use. It's highly annoying and I spent a pretty good deal of money on this phone. So...I cannot say I'm happy with the product. If I get it to work, it will only go up one star.1 Star: True to description1 Star: Good Functionality1 Star: Came in Pretty Quickly-2 Stars: It doesn't work!

This phone is amazing!!  It has the clearest screen, great great audio, speech to text that keeps up with you normal speaking voice, GPS, email, youtube, Photo gallery that shows your pics with wonderful clarity.  I haven't used the camera but once.  No flash but you can adjust the picture mode.  Practice till you have the setting you like.  It feels good in your hand, not big and bulky.  I can't imagine any phone I would like better.  Thank you Samsumg, Net 10 (for making it affordable) and the wonderful walmart employees who set it up for me and helped me figure out a couple of things I didn't know how to do.  This phone is not only neat, but fun!!  Love it!!

Overall this phone seems pretty good. The battery life is a lot better than my last smart phone.I wish I had done some more research before purchasing this phone because I learned the hard way that it lacks some features that I had grown accustomed to on my last(more expensive) phone.1. The camera has NO adjustable focus, so close-ups may be blurry. Bar code scanner apps weren't able to get a crisp enough shot to work.2. No LED light, so no flash photography or flashlight apps for this phone.3. No internal compass. There are many apps that take advantage of the compass but since it doesn't exist in this phone, the apps won't work as well. I tried to go geo-caching with this phone the other day and was border line lost in the woods most of the time even with gps because deep in the woods on the winding paths neither me or my phone was able to keep track of which direction I was going or facing.There have been a couple times when the phone said I have no service when I was in a place that I know for a fact has service. Restarting the phone was required to get the service back on both occasions. It's like the internal cell radio became glitched or something.These "missing" features I mention might not even be things that other people even use and may make zero difference to you.Overall a good phone for the money so I give it 4 stars.

I have had MANY problems with this phone.  (1) The phone itself is very sluggish, even when running just one task.  If I am playing music and try to do anything else, the music stutters and skips.  Many other apps run very slowly.  (2) When I turn on the Wi-Fi, it bricks the phone half the time, and the only way to fix it is to remove the battery and reset.  (3) The same is true for several apps, such as the eBay app; sometimes when I run it, it will work perfectly, and sometimes it just bricks the phone, again resulting in having to remove the battery to reset.  (4) The clock on the phone randomly sets itself to Greenwich time, which makes the alarms I have set totally useless.  (5) The phone frequently displays TRIPLICATE entries for my MP3 music files.  One is an actual MP3, the other two entries are ghost files that don't exist.  This occurs randomly, and is the same no matter what music player I try (Google Music, Rocket Player, etc.).  (6) Having an SD Card is useless, because the phone will not allow you to set the SD card as the default download location, and will install all apps to the phone's limited internal memory (and won't allow you to transfer the app to the SD card).I have generally been happy with other Samsung products that I have purchased.  I love my Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 10.1&#34; tablet.  But this phone is seriously defective, and I can't believe Samsung put out a product like this!  It makes me want to switch to Apple.

I had a galaxy proclaim for about a year.  I had no problems with it.  I spilled a drink on it and it stopped working.  I bought the centura as a replacement.  Here is what you can expect for a centura:Sometimes it takes as long as 30 seconds from the time you attempt a call for the phone to actually start making the call.  In that time you might mistakenly think that the phone is not responding, and you might attempt the call again.  Sooner or later it will make two calls to the same person.  The phone may be in your pocket by then.  To read an email it sometimes take 5 attempts to open it.  Messages are fine as long as they don't have an attachment.  If you try to view an attachment in a message you are likely to get the message &#34;try downloading again later.&#34;  Whatever that means.  You can't send attachments in emails and messages unless they are pictures.  You can download non-picture items (such as documents), but you can't get them off of the phone.This phone is unreliable and a waste of money.

Love this phone...and Straight Talk customer service did a great job transferring service from old phone. A great buy and phone, for sure!

I got this phone for my wife as an anniversary gift, and wound up being a hero... Wally World has this phone for 99 bucks. Gotta be one of the best deals for an Android phone.The interface is pure Android 4.0 with no Samsung or Straight Talk bloatware or overlays that waste battery life and space in the phones memory. The result is a phone with nice snappy response times and a clean, crap-free homescreen.The phone blows my oldSprint Samsung Moment SPH-M900 Android Smartphonetotally out of the water, even though the Moment has a 900 MHz, rather than the Centura's 800 MHz processor. Put the difference down to Samsungs progress in designing Android phones, MUCH less bloatware, and the Centura being on Verizon instead of Sprint towers, (we can actually use the new phone in the house instead of standing in a certain spot in the driveway :).I paid double for the Moment, WITH a the 2 year contract commitment. At half the price and no contract, the Galaxy Centura is TWICE the phone.I will be getting one for myself soon.

This phone runs android ice cream sandwich OS 4.0.4 found on most galaxy S2 and some S3. The phone works nearly flawlessly for me 99% of the time.Pros...Reception is exactly like my girlfriends iPhone 4.Processor speed is more than adequateCamera takes very good picturesBattery life is above normal (you will easily get a full day of nearly continuous use)Case is nicely rounded and durable (my puppy stole mine ran around property and dropped it several time on concrete) the back is very slightly scratched but functions perfectlyCons...Rare freeze ups (this is normal for most android OS)Alarm not going off (happened twice in 2 months) due to time not updating (this is particularly troublesome, and after researching I found it to be completely normal for android)No front cam (so what, this phone costs 99 bucks)Tip...Set WIFI to "alway on" if you don't it will constantly turn it off and the only way to restore is by turning off the phone and back on. The WIFI, for some reason, after turning off wont turn back on by the slider OR WIFI button. Occasionally it will say it's on but signal will be absent. Just go to settings and fix it permanently the battery life will be just slightly shorter.With Straight talk unlimited (45 bucks a month) and a real sound touch screen phone you can't possibly do better for the same priceBottom line, this is a great phone at any price, at 99 bucks it's a steal, BUY IT

overall I like the phone.  my only problem is it never seems to have more than two bars in the area I live in even though I was told it works in my area.  therefore it doesn't load internet services when I am away from my wifi. I spend a lot of my time in dr. offices as part of my job and bought the device so I could watch Netflix while I waited.

If you can not afford a Galaxy S3 or S4 then you will probably be happy with this phone. It is almost as good in my opinion for a fraction of the cost.

This phone is okay for the price but it can get irritating very quickly. It can't run even the simplest apps without having issues, and it constantly freezes/locks up when just a single app is running. The only option when it does this is to remove the battery and put it back in (which is even more annoying when you have a cover on it). Another thing I really don't like about this phone is it's not compatible with adobe flash, but they don't warn you about that. Half the reason I got this particular phone was so that I could do online banking, but due to this stupid incompatability issue, I can't download my bank's app. Anything online takes forever and it has issues connecting with certain WiFi networks. The only upside to this phone is the simple fact that it can download apps and connect to the internet but what do you really expect for such a cheap phone?

After much research we bought this phone because it is on the Verizon network.  After setting it up, we found it only gets one or two bars on reception.  My neighbor gets great reception on Verizon (with an older non I-phone) and my niece checked her Verizon I phone in our house and she had all bars showing.  We even took the phone outside and still poor reception.  It doesn't make sense other then the prepaid (Straight Talk) Verizon signal is not as good as regular Verizon service or this phone has a problem.

Out in SW USA, New Mexico to be specific, it is hard to find any dependable service.  There are, quite literally, over 125 mile stretches of zero towers.But, even where you would expect good service, there is not.  I only got this Galaxy Centura because of the backed plan by Walmart.  Yes, the giant does gross things, but, in this case, it provides the cohesion necessary for just plain good coverage.This product is backed by Google, Tracfone (which is now one of the largest phone companies in the world), Verizon, Samsung and Walmart.  What would you bet for the survival of your phone with that gang ?  Yep, that is the way that I am betting.The Droid phone, itself, is a delight...  Very friendly (easy to use)and with most of the same bells and whistles as its big brothers.  As others have pointed out, for only $99 and then $45 a month for unlimited everything.Hate the term "no brainer".  However, in this case, it is probably most applicable.

I bought this phone at Walmart just a few days after it came out.  I've had it about a month and I've really had no problems.  I had the Samsung Galaxy Proclaim prior to this phone and with the exception of the camera, this phone performs better for almost half the price.  Apps run smoothly and it has plenty of memory.  I've not had any problems with reception so far.  I think it is an exceptional value.

I was in a jam - I needed to port away from Sprint due to their horrible coverage, but I could not afford another Galaxy S series phone. So I purchased this phone using Straight Talk. Verizon Wireless coverage is good in my area, so it should have been a win/win situation... I just needed to adjust to an entry phone. I can do that, as the extra functions I used my higher-end phone for where more as a substitute for a tablet anyway.But there are some shortcomings worth mentioning that will matter to many people. One is the lack of a LED to indicate a missed call / message. Yes there appear to be LEDs there - but nobody is home. The NoLED app fixes this. The camera is basic, but dang - what do you/I expect. The sound quality of the music player is poor when using decent headphones, a non-issue for many, a breaker for others (I've tried different players - the problem is the electronics of the phone). However taking the positives into account (Android 4.xx, decent screen, good voice recognition, great battery life for an Android phone) I can deal with that.BUT what I can't deal with is the terrible reliability. Between friends and family, I have been involved in the purchase of 3 of these phones. One had a microphone failure within a day, and it's replacement failed 2 weeks later with another problem (was replaced with another model). Mine has become very erratic and shows gibberish on the lock screen, and I am facing a cumbersome replacement process. Only 1 of the 4 phones are still working correctly... as far as I know. Now we aren't talking about kids here - but adults over the age of 50 who take care of things.This is not a good reliability track record so far. Such a good phone for the price - but if it can't be trusted to work, is it a bargain or not?UPDATE: PLEASE READ - Samsung does not service/exchange this phone under warranty, you must contact Straight Talk for warranty service. Straight Talk is impossible. During my call to them, I was asked "Does the phone make and receive calls?" (Yes) "Does the phone make and receive text messages?" (Yes) "Does the phone receive data?" (Yes)... "Then the phone is working... is there anything else I can help you with?"Amazing, simply amazing. I understand that the carrier is often the provider for product warranty - but the carrier does not stand behind the warranty that they are under obligation to fulfill. I've had good luck with Samsung products, and view the problems with this model of phone as an exception. But Straight Talk is turning out to be even more of a problem here.

I was so excited when I got this phone from Straight Talk. My excitement abated quickly because even after reading the directions all I could do with it for a few days was make calls. I didn't know how to set up my mail box or password and until a friend told me how to do it I was ready to send it back.Being in my mid 60s I didn't grow up with smart phones, computers, or anything like that so I'm at a disadvantage with some of these things. The Smart Phone was too smart for me. I continue to use it, and find out new things about it every day. For the first time ever, I text and that's easy for me to do.

I really enjoy this phone! im glad i didnt get the cheepest straight talk phone. i got a good deal on it--which make me love it more-- but it would have been worth the full price.

I loved my Proclaim but after almost a year the charging port stopped functioning. Straight talk replaced that phone with this one, the Centura, since the Proclaim was no longer available. It is MUCH slower than the Proclaim, that I could tell immediately. Also, from the very first day it would not correctly set the time. I am Eastern Time but clicking on that set it two hours ahead. I tried to set it manually but it would reset itself. I see others have had that same problem. I will be asking them to send me another phone. This is a REAL annoyance since I need it for my job. Straight talk is nice a cheap and I love being able to use Verizon towers - coverage is great - but cheaper service really is noticeable in the lousy customer service. If you can afford it, save yourself a headache and don't use Straight Talk. If this is all you can afford, be prepared to pull your hair out with slow service, people you can't understand and outright hang ups. No kidding!

I had just gotten off a Verizon contract, and was shopping around for a less expensive and less confusing plan.  I bought the Straight Talk Galaxy Centura and love it!  The Straight Talk plan has unlimited data, minutes and texting, at half the price ($45 per month) of a Verizon plan.  Coverage is excellent.  Apps download easily.  I bought a case for the phone from Amazon.com for a very reasonable price.

I got this phone cheaper on Amazon then you can at Walmart. I had this phone before and i bought this one for a replacement for the other phone.

This is an amazing phone. I've yet to find a down side, clear screen, good battery life, great design. Quite a bang for my buck at $99. Definitely would recommend to anyone.

I just upgraded my Straight Talk account to this phone. I've endured multiple operating system crashes...inability of phone to maintain correct time of day...and worse....phone cannot keep track of it's current location. I live in St. Augustine Florida...the phone's default location seems to be Tallahassee FL...200+ miles west of me.It's kind of hard to locate a movie @ Redbox...when you are in St. Augustine, and am only seeing rental machine in Tallahassee.If I ask google about my location...it says brings up a map of Tallahassee.Per Straight Talk...the phone is working normally...Really??? A Smart Phone that doesn't know where it's at???I'm not sure if it is a phone issue...a straight talk issue or what...but it is not a real workable situation.I'm

This phone replaced an apple Iphone 3gs that I had used for quite a long time. A recent change to AT&T's gophone plans made me want to use a different provider. As a user coming from and an older model Iphone, I am quite pleased with this phone. Please understand that at the price point of 100 dollars, it will not compete with some of the higher end phones out now, but annihilates anything near its price.  The overall speed of the phone is acceptable, I feel like the 3gs ran a little bit more smoothly, but not by a significant margin. The gingerbread software works great, but I did not like how google + seems to dominate this phone as it is stock. Doing a little bit of research, and rooting the phone can take care of that. As far as the hardware involved, it seems to be decent.  The glass screen looks very nice.  It is bright, and clear. The resolution is not as high as the newer phones(same as 3gs), but for its small screen size by today's standards it still looks great. The camera is not great, but I prefer to use a real camera for serious pictures anyway. Its camera performance is similar to the 3gs. The physical build of the camera appears to be very good quality. It does not feel light, flimsy or cheap. Battery life is very good as well. From what we have covered, its almost like I have my 3gs still.  Now here is where everything changes. The Android software, for me, is a huge upgrade from apple. Now please understand, I am a mild techie, and and avid fan of Linux. Being able to modify the software in about any way is fantastic.  My phone OS, is trimmed up, neat, and powerful. It is fully customized for my uses now, and anything that I didn't like is gone. It is basically a mini computer now, filesystem, download manager, terminal commands, backup programs, 3rd power power management software, and no bloatware. It can pretty much do anything, and I am still just learning its capabilities.  My iphone was not stock either as it was unlocked with extra apps, but I just feel Android Gingerbread is a better platform. Hope this helps.

I've had this phone for about a week. It echoes very badly. I don't hear it but my callers do. I have been hung up on over this issue. Any ideas? Samsung said if the factory reset did not work I would have to send it back. It didn't! What good is a phone if you can do EVERYTHING but call on it??!!

They try to rope you in promising Android 4.0 for only $100, too good to be true? YES! This phone is horrible! There is no support for moving ANYTHING to the SD card, I am not even sure why there is an SD card slot. There is no flash (meh) but the camera does not even focus so no QR code reading. The PlayStore says all apps are usable with this phone UNTIL you try to install them and it says error.DANGER!!! Last night our phone got so hot it fried itself. It was so hot it burnt my hand just to pick it up. This phone is a possible fire hazard. Be careful and do research before buying this phone!If you are not an avid android user than you are fine but if you use an Android for what it is supposed to do then buy another phone since this phone's memory can't hold a lot of stuff. If it had SD card support I would be happier but overall it was a waste of $100!

This is a great phone and has plenty of features for my son, who wanted a Smartphone, but has to live on a tight budget. The Straight Talk plan is prepaid and he loves the phone!!
