
HI, great phone, I like it. Bought it because its a little cheaper, and to be honest can't afford to spend so much on the latest gadgets being the price that they are. However, i do like the Iphone 4S. Very good, very reliable - of course the Iphone5 an up is better, but hey, I can't afford to pay that much extra just so i can have better and bigger typing screen as well as a few other things. Don't really use it my self but my other half does and she loves, i think maybe a little more then me - she spends more time on it then she does talking to me. Anyway, my little gripe aside, good product.

Zachary was great the whole time and helped me return his product to him without any hassle. He honestly made the experience great. Based on the emails we exchanged he seems like an honest person and replies promptly.

Everything was like described except for the charger broke. But it wasn't a big deal. There were just a lack of checking quality..

This is very bad. I ordered a 32 gb factory unlocked iphone I got a 16 GB with bad wifi and not really god battery.

It's sad that after one year I gave my phone to my cousin and he notice a problem on the speaker so he toke it to an Apple story and the IMEI didn't match the IMEI on the box..I sent an e-mail to the seller and he couldn't care less about my problem.I wouldn't recommend this seller, he's unprofessional.We can't change the IMEI of a box and of a phone! The seller was extremely rude when answering to my e-mail, accusing me of changing the IMEI myself indirectly.Not happy with this service!

This Iphone is the best cellphone ever in the world. You will enjoy having it and you will never be sorry for that. I recommend it to all of who believe in the new generation of cellphones technology

I was able to send this phone to my best friend in china where she used it for the local gsm network there. Perfect for any travelers!

This phone was quite beaten up, certainly not good conditionIt had the new IOS on it , which I prefer to avoid, as not coming from Silicon valley, or having a skateboard, I dont enjoy finding out the bugs...  I chose this 4S as I wanted 32GB, 4G, Siri and the much better camera (8MP)  than my old 4..and the system is more stableGood news, the vendor is exchanging it for me.

I just received the iPhone 4s i bought and it is in great shape, just as i read in the product details or even better, it really is like new. It came with a gray case also just like the seller said. He said he would throw in a bumper also which wasn't sent, but overall great product, trustful seller. thank you very much.

It was in great shape but i didn't want a international phone without facetime and it wouldn't take my card for a u.s.a. t-mobile.

Caution. What he sells to you is something that does not work. I opened my &#34;brand new&#34; (purchased thinking it was new not refurbished) iphone and tried to set it up while I was in the car. It told me to hook it up to itunes so I did on my laptop, but it gave me an error. Took it to the apple store and i was notified that it had been wet. That there was a red spot on top of the phone that notifies that it had been tainted with water. I notified the seller and he tried to blame it on me saying that if I had wet it somehow. Like really? I got it and saw it did not work and took it to the apple store, which I was told that I would have to buy a whole new one because this phone does not have warranty in any way not even the 30 day warranty that you should get and he advertises. I would ask the seller questions about the iphone and he was very rude. I asked him if I can have a refund and he said &#34;Well I guess knowing the amazon policies&#34;. So if it was up to him he would not refund anything, even though he is selling cheap stuff that does not work at all. It is just a waste of money if you guys go and buy from him.

I'm so Happy with this purchase! is a very Good phone, very easy to use, and you can use the Apple App store.

some thing wrong between the phone seria number and original box ,please help to fix the problem ,it take so long to solve the proble3m

Poor packaging, no box except just a cable, but advertised as new. Phone is ok minor scratch on the screen

As with any Apple products I have purchased in the past, the iPhone 4s is slick and intuitive.  It is easy to use and does all that I need a smartphone to do and more.  I love my iphone.

i like this product because it was inexpensive and for a use phone it is in excellent condition cant tell  the difference from a new one  I had the phone 1 week but lovvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvve it , it is slim and light  weigh i had a3g for 3 years and love it, this one is spectacular .The pictures are clear this really meets my expectations. the shipping is fast,  buyers you don't have to wait long to begin enjoying it,

I had an upgrade to 64 GB and It's working good, I recieved it on time and no issues at all so far

The phone met my standards as to what I needed and I like it very much. I would reccomendation this phone to others.

Advertised as:  New, in the box, sealed w/ original shrink-wrap, never opened, iPhone 4S, factory unlocked.  Received item not shrink-wrapped, w/ minor marring on edges of iPhone, locked to AT&T, dirty places on box.  No way this is just a &#34;mistake.&#34;  Clearly, a mass hit or miss on order recipients as to who will or will not make a fuss about it, and odds are, many will use AT&T as their carrier upon receipt so it would not even come up.  Hate being baited and switched by anyone.  Have asked for return and replacement, but will change to just return and refund as do not trust seller now.

I am so pleased that I purchased this phone!  I was using a Google Nexus 4 and it just didn't feel &#34;right.&#34;  After going back to the iPhone, I am so happy!!This was a great buying experience too!  The seller was super speedy on shipping and the price was AMAZING for a MINT-condition iPhone 4S!  Thanks for such a great buying experience!!

The phone won't connect to internet and always froze & drops calls, period! Tried to fix it trough apple they ask me to pay $200!

The guy cheat to me because he sent me locked phone without headphone but I ordered locked phone. I am kind of dissapointed

Everything on time and well done! Thank You. If they would sell a white iPad WiFi + cellular unlocked, retina display and 64 GB , I would order one!

From all the complains I seen on here after I bought the phone should have told me to return the phone> I have been spending two weeks trying to get the phone to work overseas an now it is to late to return..my suggestion pick another phone , the I phone 4 is not worth the trouble or gamble to see if your going to get 1 that works or not..

this is very different, we paid for a factory unlocked iPhone, and you sent one of AT&T that is not honest. I pay less for a locked phone, thanks.

I gave this transaction a 2 because their is a dis colored section of screen which was not stated and although comes in original box no headphones were included. Besides that phone works fine.

The 5 stars are for really excellent service and a speedy refund upon return of the iphone. Unfortunately the iphone I received was not "unlocked" (it had an ATT sim inside) and because I was out of the country, no one (not even Apple) was willing to do anything to unlock it. The seller was great -- even said they'd send another one that they would first test as "unlocked" but that would mean me paying another 250 dollars in customs when it arrived. So, full marks for service and complete willingness to facilitate return/refund. I would certainly work with them again in the future.

My cellphone Is working nicesly and it esa really unlock factor y

It was a really good purchase for only $440, the phone is like new and works perfectly. Couldn't be more happy

I ordered a refurbished version of the phone thinking it would be fine. The customer service I received through the process, like when I had to cancel the order and re-order it was amazing, both from amazon and the seller. However once I received the phone, the camera on it was all out of whack, making pictures turn green or other strange colors. I live overseas in Korea now and there are no apple stores here, so I took it to someone who did repairs who had to take out the camera and put in a new one because the one it had was a fake. Next time I'll go for the new one. Besides this no issues except a crap battery but that seems to be common with iPhones.

Satisfied with unlocked i-phone 4S.It is like new & without any scratches or marks.Including all the accessories.Good one !!!

As far as I know I bought a unlocked Iphone 4s.I just can't activate it. I'm still wating for a answer from Apple Inc.I connected it through Itunes and tried to restore it as Apple says in the site.Apple released 5.01 9A406 Build system to replace 9A405 wich gives a msg Invalid SIM card....msg during the activation process.Apple iPhone 4S - 32GB White (Factory Unlocked, No Commitment)

The cellphone is perfect!!! Im so happy!!! I have nothing to complain!! =D you can buy to this guys without problems!

Phone was like the description ... like new no marksWorking perfectly , with all the functions . Only need to put my carrier simcard .

My flash does not work. I receive only the cable, without battery.I don't have the legal document to requist the consert, so now what can i do?

Perfect delivery, and match as per my requierement, and perfect packaging. And Good quality and looks very nice plastic color. Fast connection

I am so happy with this iphone, i can bring it anywhere in the world and use it and have no problems updating the firmware because its officially unlocked by apple!!

Custumer said it was unlocked but its not i have to paid an extra $60.00 to unlock the iphone so i  can used the phone

Bought a white 34GB iphone for my brother 18 Bday and paid for 2 day shipping because I was going to the US for a few days. Wireovia sent a 16GB and I notice when I was outside the US. Contact seller and they could not provide my with what information they needed to fix my problem form the start. Several emails and about 2 days had pass before a solution could be provided. Just when the problem seems solved I discover that the iphone doesn't work. Can't make or receive calls, local iphone provider says it's hardware problem not software. BEWARE with seller.

are the iphone 4s unlocked and work in qatarwait 4 replay becuse i want new iphone unlockedmy email for replay >>>> qa06@live.com

I was a little worried about ordering an iphone online, and that was used. But I was pleasantly surprised. If I didn't know it was used, I would never have guessed it. This phone was in perfect condition, and I am so happy with it! Highly recommended!

I bought the phone used, but you can't tell it is used. The performance is the same, fast and have a long battery life. It was a good deal for a 32 GB iPhone 4S. The seller was honest and package arrived on time. I have additional discount of $50.00  after approval of my new Visa Credit card by Amazon. It was likebuying the phone for $500.00 plus tax. What a deal!

When I first ordered the iPhone 4S it arrived while I was travelling and I could not set it up for almost 20 days. When I finally got to play with it the phone died after about 24 hours. Looked to me like it was the battery. I sent it back and received new one right away. This one works like a charm.

I am quite satisfied with this purchase. It is OK. Rate price/product is good and really it was as new.

Everything worked perfect! My new iphone is already on the go and I'm very happy!I've just travelled yo new york and my iphonewas my best company when trying to reach some place with imaps!

Iphone4s,rapid charger blackberry,Nikon D5200,So far are excellent,except for the case cover for samsung galaxy duos was not to my expectation.I thought it was a leather.But it's ok!

If you are the type of person that always wants to have the newest gadget: stop reading here.For all the others that want to have a great phone at a great price: the iPhone 4S is your first choice. It offers a lot more than the 4 and not a lot less than the 5. Believe me: this is a great deal.

Shipping was a bit slow but overall the product is excellent! Glad that I didn't believe what others were saying about this phone (buggy and such). If you own an iphone 4, and what to switch, go ahead because this is totally worth the dough!

The shipment came within days there were no problems with the product it arrived exactly as advertised. I would use these guys again.

When we bought the phone it turend out to be locked which made it difficult to use the phone on another SIM card, but the seller was kind enough to follow up with at&t and have it unlocked in a short time . The iphone arrived in mint condition with an utter box cover. It was a good buy after all.

It is a great iphone4S, although it is used, it is high quality and like new. I like my iphone4S.
