
Amazon got the phone to me really quick.  The price was awesome.  I've rooted the phone.  Google it. I stick mostly with apps that can be moved to the micro sd card that you had better have if apps are a must for you.  That said, I,m a T-Mobile customer with talk and data.  I popped my Sim card in and talk and data worked right away.  The battery life is as good as any other smart phone.  The included case provides good protection and doesn't really add to the size of this big phone.  It's really easy too see and easy to use.  They even provided  a screen protector that I haven't used because I am terrible at putting them on.  I really love this phone and am glad I got it.  I'll try to answer any questions ;-)

This is a good phone with a giant screen, but keeps showing the low memory messaje when working with large apps at the same time.

It's a good looking phone. Thought it might be too big, but I love it. Good viewing, great color screen.Hard to figure out how to use it, manual is of no help. Wish I had a tech # to call. Volume is to low for viewing video. Just using for calls, email and internet.

The screen resolution started to give me some problems. Cannot be red the same from all angles.....wonder why.

This phone was amazing. Fast, huge 5&#34; screen. Very easy to use. Loved it. Then noticed that couldn't open a picture in the messaging. First week was really fast to charge battery.Then it started taking longer.  Called the company to get additional batteries & was told that there aren't any. ALso had problems swiping & unlocking phone. Next, it kept telling me I was out of storage space & wouldn't let me play games or get email until I cleared space.  This phone has capacity for dual sim cards & had  a 16 g SD card in it. Should have had lots of storage space.  Long story short, not being able to get another battery was the deciding factor for not keeping this phone. Read lots of comments before ordering. Some purchasers were extremely satisified with no issues.  I wasn't one of the fortunate ones.  But called Amazon & they refunded my money immedieately. If additional batteries were an option, I would order another one of these phones.

thanks for shipping so fast, I really recommend it, I'm just hoping that I get to my country, but really this phone is very good

I bought this phone for my mother to aid her in joining us in the 21st century.  It was a perfect transition for her.  The large screen was immediately attractive to her as it made everything easy for her to see.  After inserting the SIM card the phone automatically programmed and was working in a matter of minutes.  We did have a small issue with the data connection, but one call to the carrier revealed that we were the first customers to use this brand on their system!  They walked us through manual setup and after a restart everything was fine.  The phone is extremely easy for her to navigate, and she was comfortable with it in no time.  She's now checking email and texting like a pro. This phone would easily cost double elsewhere.  I highly recommend Blu and will be looking into the other products offered by them to find a new phone for myself.

No quibbling or politics.  Yes this is a pretty phone.  Camera is decent and it is large like the other more expensive brands. That is where the similarity dies.This phone is an under-capable phone because it does not possess the internal storage needed to install enough apps to justify the size and specs for the rest of the phone.  It is so huge, and has the dual core memory, but a teeny internal storage issue.  After FB, email, and Pandora the phone is acting lethargic and the email stops working because it mismanages App storage.So if you plan on never installing another app, or using the phone to check email, go ahead and give it a shot.But, if you  plan on a couple apps (games, forget it, no internal memory space for that), look elsewhere.  This phone allows for a max of 500MB of internal storage (apps, not pics).  The OS takes about 350MB, so once you install a few other apps, you are within the &#34;Warning Range&#34; at which apps stop functioning to preserve phone function.PS - there is apparently a way to root the phone and get it to use the whole 2GB of space which would fix the issue.  If anyone has detailed procedures for this, I would volunteer to try it out and report back.

Ive had this phone for almost a year now and i thought it was just awesome. My brother and i have had a series of unfortunate events with this very product.the only reason i gave this two stars is because the idea  of the phone was just great.  Low cost with all the features of a galaxy note give or take a few. I thought it was an awesome phone and i bought it. The camera in good lighting conditions was awesome. The front camera was always terrible but that was no big deal for me. Here is where the problem lies. The phone was durable and seemed almost as if nothing would go wrong. This month ive had the most problems ive experienced from a phone and i think the oldest blackberry wouldn't give me this problem. The phone would literally press parts of the screen on its own and when ever i changed the volume lines would go across the screen not to mention that while listening to stay by Rihanna the speakers blew. The last problem occurred today and the screen turned completely white and now the phone is useless unless i replace the screen . Among other small problems were short term battery life, speakers too low etc. its a good phone if you dont plan to keep it for more than 3 months otherwise i think you would be better off buying a more expensive and durable phone for what its worth.

I think this phone is the nicest phone I have ever bought in my life. I wasn't sure of the quality since the brand is kind of an unknown brand, but this phone rocks. It's internationally unlocked. I ordered it Tuesday and it came today as scheduled. It's 5 inches so it's nice and wide. It's a fast phone and the apps from the PlayStore are all up to date. This phone, for the price, beats the hell out  any of the Samsung Galaxies or any other Android operated phones. I would seriously recommend it to anyone who wants to purchase this phone. Don't waste your money on other phones! This is where is at man!! Blu, has definitely impressed me with the product quality. And it comes with warranty. HOW AWESOME! I order the black version, so it's all shiny and pretty. Haha. I am currently using Straight Talk (BYOP), and it rocks. I live in Germany so I will go back in March and I really can't wait to use it over there. So, yeah, I think this phone deserves a 10 star rating. Good job, Blu! Keep it up and you will put all those big companies out of business!

It does have much memory and what you download can not go on a memory chip.  You need a phone that can download features and you would not have any complications.

"I have received my phone Blu, but I just realized that all products Blu are having problems with the audio. Previously I had purchased the Dash 3.5 and the inside speaker stopped working. The current model (Studio 5.0) also faces problems with the handset (only hear left speaker). Indeed I think that even if the product is not completely bad, you should check them so that the consumer receives a quality product. The price I paid for the latter is $ 150 (a price is not very cheap because we are talking about more than RD $ 6,000.00) plus tax which is higher than 30%.Yo he recibido mi celular Blu, pero me acabo de dar cuenta que todos los productos Blu est&aacute;n confrontando problemas con el audio. Anteriormente yo hab&iacute;a adquirido el Dash 3.5 y la bocina dej&oacute; de funcionar. El actual modelo (Studio 5.0) confronta tambi&eacute;n problemas con el auricular (solo se escucha una sola bocina). Verdaderamente yo pienso que aunque el producto no sea completamente malo, se deber&iacute;a de chequear los mismos fin de que el consumidor reciba un producto de calidad. El precio que yo he pagado por este ultimo es 150 d&oacute;lares (un precio que no es muy barato pues estamos hablando de m&aacute;s de RD$6,000.00) m&aacute;s los impuestos que es mayor de un 30%. "

I DID MY RESEARCH BEFORE MY PURCHASE SO I WAS NOT SURPRISED...I DIDN'T SPEND HALF THE MONEY I WAS WILLING AND FOR THE PRICE I GOT A PRETTY GOOD PHONE!!!

I really like the phone. Delivery was on time and the price was superstupendous!  It was as described aesthetically but the memory was not what I was expecting. I downloaded 9 apps and got a message that the phone memory was running low although it showed that there were 2.09 gigs available it still wouldnt download additional apps.  I will have to manage my apps constantly or figure out a way around it. Otherwise the phone was exactly what I was expecting.  The large screen is amazing and the sound of the speakers is amazingly loud.  I love it.  I can handle the memory issue and over all I am satisfied with my purchase.

Very good phone only problems with phone is the lack of data space that can easily be fixed with a memory card

Been playing with this phone for a few days.  In general, it is a decent phone.  My 2 immediate complaints:1) battery drains fast.  I played around, get to know my phone, after an hour or so the phone is in the red (20% left).  I plugged it in, and the phone estimated the charge with be 3 hrs.  It did take about that long.  Not so impressed.2) built in ring tones are very limited, most are unpleasant.It is very decent for the price still.  I would recommend it for the economic reason.

I recently lost my Samsung galaxy s3 and didn't want to spend the money replacing it. Used galaxy s3's were $300 and brand new ones are $600+. I needed a cheaper alternative that would hold me until my upgrade this Nov. and I didn't buy an insurance plan on my phone.My husband researched this phone for me on Walmart.com. We were unsure, but willing to take a gamble because of the amazing price- $130.I have ATT, this phone is up and running for me and I have don't mind it all. The screen is bigger than my samsung galaxy s3 also!The graphics aren't as good and the camera quality isn't as good as my samsung phone. But it's well worth $130. It works great! Not much storage space either so you must buy an outside SD card! Only 3G too - so a bit slower than my 4G service.Also, the phone came with a rubber case, a charger, a screen protector and earphones! The charger was European, but thankfully my husband had converters. Even then, the phone fits into my samsung charger, so that wasn't a hassle for me.Great phone! Works great! Amazing price!

I do not like this phone because it does not work - need to find out what can I do about this phone.Can I still return it?

Rating was two stars because it has caused me so much trouble to download stuff like games or music because it has low storage capacity and do no let me take as many pictures as I would like..I got this phone because it looked good, it was unlocked, but right now I'm very disappointed.

i ordered it for my daughter and she loved it even though she only had it a week before it was stolen from her at school

key points here when activating the phone before you set the APN  factory reset the phone or it will not work 100 % I have straight talk use the at&t;  sim card trust me it works great and I have high speed data aka 4 g service. it took me two day of research to figure this out and it works 100%  Skype ,internet , pic message  the works with no issues and not once has the call been droppedthe t mobile sim for straight sucks as far as service but the company wont tell you this .

I like the phone, but my battery goes down very fast have to keep it charged all the time. Also speaker phone not loud.

It does the job, dont really have much to complain about. It works well, if you want a cheap unlocked phone then buy this.

When I seen it I was surprised it looked just as shown.Fully functional and really UnlockedI placed my sim card in and all systems were ago..And you have functionally of 2 different sims from different companies if you so choose. I personally use t-mobile, & net10,However the con for me was the volume & the memory space.It needs some work. but I guess for the price what else could you expect.

Phone plays real low with earphones and when I plug in my aux. Really not pleased with this volume problems. Power off screen flashes on for no reason.

My daughter ordered it and did not read that it was not compatible for Verizon. We had to go to AT&T. They said they had never seen this phone before but were able to connect with it. Theorize that this phone is more compatible for wireless down south?

A lot of phone, for a little cash, I love it! Its just as good as the high dollar phones!

My HTC One X bit the dust and I needed an affordable replacement.PROSThis phone delivers all the functionality and Android OS user experience I need. Very happy with the design and engineering of the phone.CONSThe user manual is flimsy and really doesn't come near showing you how to full set up and use the phone. Further, the folks at BLU Products do not want to provide tech support. All they offer is an e-mail address. I sent an inquiry one week ago and have not yet received a response. This means you need to buy the phone from a reseller that is committed to tech support.

Been using this phone for a couple of weeks and so far it works great. I wish it had more usable storage than 2 gigabyte, large apps use it up quick but, with a 32 gig memory card you have more than enough space for your pictures and files. I had a little bit of trouble finding a carry case for it but with a little work I located one here on Amazon.I get great reception with this phone and all of the features work well. I plan on purchasing a second one for my wife soon.

I am using my BLU studio 5.0 and i love it.. the only thing that I will need is my case (which i have already ordered) and my sd card. For my gaming and picture purposes. Its is a very good phone.. graphics are cool. I would recommend this to another customer.

Bought this for my sister and she is loving every minute of it . And she is one who's always loosing her phones ... I should say she still hve it and going strong

Haven't had a problem with it at all. Works great. Camera has a wonderful view for me to see as I have glasses. I use the  outdoor setting for the ring due to hearing loss and can hear it with no problems. This phone is  fantastic for the price you pay for it. I would recommend a back up battery if you are on it for long periods though and an SD card.  :)

excelent phone, up 3g movistar venezuela and movilnet, it's a phablet, and comes in spanish and other laguages, beautifull so fast

The phone is very good and stable! The only criticism is the audio speaker. so others are very stable. I recommend it if you seek cost - quality

I really love my blu phone.... The shape is awesome i can do different app on my phone with no problem... Thank you

I love it. It is a great phone. I would recommend this phone to anyone who is thinking about buying a phone.

Phone is awesome n does all that the Galaxy 4 does... N it is very affordable. Im loving this phone.

I Personal think it's a well built phone the camera quality is great, i like how i can mess around with the features and find discover things on it overall i love this phone. :)

I gave it 5 stars. I love the phone and especially for the price I got it for. The only problem I have is it does not have a lot of storage space.

Dead dead dead.  A phone should not die after 7 weeks. Even for this price, you would expect a year.

Apart from the memory issue and the camera i'm really inlove with my phone. the headphone is extremely low as well but it works

i love the phone its a nice size ok camera and i love that there is cases for this phone the only problem that i have is that i have no internet i have a prepaid plan with att so i thought i didnt have to buy a data plan well still not sure but its a great phone

got it for my wife and she love it easly to use . she told her friend and thy got one

I PURCHASED MY PHONE ABOUT 2 MONTHS AGO, EVERYTHING WAS GOING FINE TILL IT STARTED FREEZING, RESTARTING BY ITSELF, WOULD GO OFF AND COME ON, THIS WAS REALLY UPSETTING COS I LIKED THE PHONE. WELL STICK WITH A BRANDED PHONE WHERE YOU CAN BE SURE OF SUPPORT, THIS PHONE IS RUBBISH.

Nice phone!!!!.I ordered two/one for my girlfriend & one for a friend.They both luv'em.I might be lookin into the BLU Life Play 5.7!!!.

The user is very happy with the purchase.  Love's it so much a friend has decided to purchase one for himself.

Great features and huge touch screen. Best phone I've owned to date. The quality of the pictures that this phone takes is awesome as well!

It is a really nice smart phone even better at only $ 146 , with android i hope it last for a good time until now everything works perfect.

ProIs fast like others very commercial brandsGood camera resolutionlightConsBattery life is around 7 hours is between the average and over that very expensive commercial brandNo enough memory it should have more than 1GB because some programs install at the internal memory and not at the SD cardThe copy and paste of the any text can be improved

I thought it did the same as the note 2 : ( this is unacceptable. But now that I have brought the phone can't return it should just keep it

Its slow but it do what's needed. Nice screen size very happy good phone for the price I will be back

This was a Father's Day gift for my husband and it was great!  He is thouroughly enjoing his phone and we didn't break the bank in doing so.  My only issue with the device is there are not any accessories for these phones, but the supplier was efficient in providing us this great phone at a reasonable price.

FOR THE PRICE, YOU CANT BEAT THIS PHONE, VERY EFFECTIVE AND ECONOMICAL!!!! great product too, you wont be sorry you paid such little money for this phone!!!!!!!!!

Just got the phone today.. For the price it is well worth it. I use it with the Walmart Family mobile plan.. Excellent!!!

Blu Studio is a good phone, but the sound and speaker on the phone is not that great, nor does the phone take good pictures.

I don't want to sound extremely terrible, but this phone is just awful. When I tried setting up the phone, it took nearly 2 hours to even get it to read the SIM card. Then, the headphones were broke--the sound only came in clear if you held the button down on the headphones. Internet connection and messaging were here and there (but mostly &#34;there&#34;), and the sound wasn't very clear when you used the phone on speaker. Another thing with the messaging is that it was pretty slow and the &#34;space&#34; key didn't want to work. I'd write out a whole sentence to find it read &#34;Idk why that wouldnamdvthat because there professions&#34; when I intended on typing &#34;Idk why they would do that because they're professionals.&#34; Also, the size was a problem for me. A lot of people can handle big phones, but this felt like I was holding a tablet to my head when I was on the phone. In the end, I returned the phone and now I'm just waiting for my refund.

It was beyond my expectations.  Thanks so much.  The only thing is that this phone needs a proper case/wallet for security.

I've had it three months and I'm most satisfied.  easy intuitive. does all I want.  has loads of features.  highly recommend

your ram memory is very short, to be a great phone has little capacity, he fell short with all the applications you need to take him down

Once I learned how to use it I loved it.  Still going strong

I saw this phone and fell in love with it, so I ordered it. It has been a night mare. Bad reception, speakers are terrible, NO space to download anything. I have downloaded only one thing and there is no room for anything else. I wanted to download more bible material, but after I downloaded the bible, oh well that was all my room. Can not send pic but can receive them. On a scale of 1-10 this phone gets a 1. Can't afford to change it now, but as soon as I can its out of my life!!! Can anyone help me please. Would love to send it back, but I think I had it to long now.

The product features are good - my son loved it when it arrived.  But within 3 weeks the touchscreen broke. He had it in his pocket and got bumped. Given that he carried his prior cell the same way for 20 months without incident, this made us believe the touchscreen is fragile. Much, much worse is the customer service for this product. I sent them an email asking whether the screen was covered by a warranty, and if not where and how could we get it fixed and at what cost. The response was &#34;We don't have any touchscreens for this cell at this time, check back in two weeks.&#34; So they didn't say whether a warranty might cover it, they didn't say how much to fix it if not under warranty, and they put the burden on me to check back with them, rather than saying they'd let me know when touchscreens come in. Based on the fragility and the terrible customer service, I would not recommend this product to a friend.

Excellent device for the price. Huge screen BT enable the sound I'd a little low for me quick for that I use my adapter for hands free calling when driving

Can't download many apps. As I download an app. It will stateThat its too large of a file. video capacity should be longer than 6 seconds.

I paid about $130 dollars including tax so I think it's a good deal considering what I'm able to do with it. So far I've not had any problem except the memory which I can increase by adding a more memory since the phone has that capability. So far so good!

The phone is easy to work with due to no good operator manual to learn about all the features an benefit of my new phone. I rated it 4.5. The 5 inch screen is great. The phone is light and tight. It is difficult to purchase screen protectors and/or clip-on case for my phone. I searched Amazon and found the clip-on case after checking most stores in my town for a case.The ability to put two different SIM cards in the phone will reduce carrying two phones. If you are not an active talker and/or software player the battery will last for 2 or more days. The 5MP camera is great. I have used it to take picture and the supplied USB cable gives you the ability to upload and share with your computer system.If there was a detail operator manual, I would give it 5 stars. I am a reader and there is no electronic manual available online for this model.

everything is going fine. there is nothing wrong with the phone it perfect nothing has gone wrong yet. thx u

I am not a cell phone expert so I didn't really know what to expect. Product details say 4 gigs, when I got it it only says 2 gigs. To make matters worse it doesn't even use it, instead it only uses the 512 megs of ram it has. Right away I got &#34;Out of memory&#34; errors and the phone automatically uninstalls apps. So I got a 16 gig micro SD card, didn't help a bit. Moved as many apps as I could to the SD card, but many Google apps don't give you that option.Really pissed about being lied to about the memory.The camera on this is beyond terrible. Think a cheap digital camera from the 1990's quality.So in conclusion unless you only plan on send some txts or making calls it should fine. Consider it an overpriced flip phone, because it is worthless for running apps.

I've only had it a couple days now, it arrived really fast. I am currently using this phone with an at&t sim card on Net10. I updated the APN settings and I constantly lose internet, and when I have it, it takes so long to load anything. It's not that great, the camera isn't what I'm used to, but at least it works. I don't have problems with the speakers. The only thing I don't like is that I have searched endlessly for a case since I broke my last phone due to dropping it, and there are none, but the dinky one it comes with. The one it comes with won't protect the screen at all if it lands on it. That's my main issue, and its too big for my pockets so I wanted a holster. I tried to get one for the Samsung s4, but it doesn't fit at all, this thing it huge.

Phone came quickly.  Looking to end my contract and didn't want to use my free upgrade for another 2 years.Inserted my Att sim card and everything works well. Read other reviews about sound but the sound on this phone is better than my HTC w Beats. Lost power last week and the data to go online worked well, watch local news with no delay. So far very Happy been about 3 weeks!

really good phone. especially for the price. Only thing that I have found is that the front camera isn't as good as the back one. Other than that I like the phone. ALSO I cant find a case for this phone anywhere!

WILL NOT WORK WITH VERIZION !!!! Was easy to handle and change everything over would recommend as long as you are with a different company.

Good still leaning about it,I can't get to view utube videos on it don't know why please help,when I go to view a video is not playing at all

Seriously, this phone was awesome before I rooted it but it's even better now because it was rooted. The internal memory was my only issue and now it's not. I love my blu studio 5.0 LOVE IT.

hi am from Venezuela sending me wine coming to this date a telephone team brought me a defect the power button will not work now can not do anything these damaged that hassle!

This phone is really big! When I first ordered it I thought it would be the same size as the Galaxy S3. The first month it worked perfectly. I'm not saying that it sucks now because it doesn't. It's still a great phone but the storage runs out quickly. For some reason it won't download pictures sent through text messages. I've tried finding ways to receive picture messages but it just wont work. Maybe it's because my phone isn't on a data plan...Generally it's an awesome phone & I love it! :)The only problems I have with it is that the storage runs out fast, Netflix wont download and I can't receive picture messages. :/

Not a good phone garbage so mad a waste of money never again blue isn't a good brand buy a Samsung

Everyone should try this phone.  This is a mini computer. I call it wonders of Android. Another fascinating thing is that it came right on time (2 day shipping) and also with a screen protector and case. I just love the phone!

hello there,i am writing you to let you know that the phone is not working. 1st, the phone was shipped to a different persone, after i manage to get it; the phone doesnt work properly. when i insert my SIM cards (both) in the phone the phone doesnt recognize it, there is a red cross in the bar signal, which mean the phone doesnt recognized them. when i use the SIM in other phone they work normally.2nd. the phone get discharged just in a few hours without using the phone.so am willing a change of this product as soon as posible.

I have been using this phone for the last 2 months. Fast, intuitive and way Cool, I LOVE Blu Prodcuts

The phone is ok. But, sound is not loud enough and the Bluetooth did not give you a clear sound when connected to the car.

I purchased this phone because it offered low price and the same functions as the much higher priced competors. It pretty much lived up to its claims. The instruction book is USELESS! The phones storage is weak. The speaker volume is low. Headphones that come with it....junk. But a good buy considering it cost one third of the leading phones...and basically does what they do with said snafus.

First off I got the phone two days before the arrival date, usps nice...secondly as soon as I got the phone I rooted it in 2 minutes, which doubled the download capacity, antutu clocked at 8600 very bad, now I over clocked it at 21000,  changed band width and customized ROM, great phone would recommend it to all my friend and android lover's...

Nice phone just was defected and the battery life goes quick n speaker Is low for the money I was expecting a better quality of phone but the look of the phone is great!!!!

Its great but the internal memory is my only problem it's big like the note and even cheaper love it

I ordered this phone and it got to me fine but when I put together it asked me to activate in Brazilian language. So be careful what you buy in Blu cell phones you might get this type of phone. I returned it cannot use it in USA!

I had bought the Blu life play for wife and well she loves that thing! that' is a nice phone!!! bit more expensive than this one but battery life is longer and you get hd screen with the life play.Now, all i can say is I'm very happy with the phone perfect size! Works smooth and it's a new android ''Kernel Version'' OS.. Android version 4.1.2..Now, to be honest this phone does exactly what i was doing with when i had a samsung note 1 phone without the extra features so to speak the note had vs the Blu 5.0 doesn't have. Take in mind it's not as quick as the samsung note ... there is a reason why the phone is way cheaper... but... at the same time... this is a great phone!!! way worth the buck!Wifi works great... currently using it until i connect with provider and no issue connecting wifi at all! yes!Hotspot worked as well!!! yes!had no issues with the phone...CONN!! CONN!!OH HOW I HATE THIS CONN!!READY!!THE battery!!! man it agrivates me to see how quick the battery dies before my eyes...i just don't understand why they couldn't put a better battery in there with better life... but i will suck it up and charge the phone maybe 1x to max 2 x a day yes!  i know.. but it's true...Example:1:14pm- 95%2:01pm- 80% --- why!! why blu ahaah why!3:53pm- 51%---Listened to music for another hour maybe on way home and plugged up when i got home hour later or so around 5pm... so hope this helps....Pros!everything else!

I brought it for my mom for christmas so I guess its ok. She only been using it for 2 days now Dec27 2013

This phone is a good phone if you don't use a lot of apps.  The phones internal memory is low and would be better with more.  It's easy to use and the package came with everything you need, except the detailed instructions that should be there for new smartphone users.  Setting it up with your carrier can be a little tricky so be ready for a little bit of a challenge and get help from your carrier if you are unsure on how to set it up.  I would recommend this phone to people who just want to use the basics like Facebook and checking email.

Battery life is minimal.when u need to remove a app best go to mgmt systems . Short cut is hard.

is not so perfect but is a good phone does not have so much storage and is slow now is not the best phone that i got

Its a great phone. It has some... different things, because it's made by a relatively new phone maker, but on the whole good phone.  It could definitely use more RAM though.

only had for month and half and wont turn on nothing.only has 30 day warranty :{ very disappointed.had issues from get go.......

I bought this phone because I didn't want to dish out $600 for a Samsung Galaxy. This phone has a big screen (which I love), it's super fast on Wifi, no problem with calls, text messages, etc. The battery life is good, you can use Netflix, lots of news apps, youtube, almost like a tablet. The only drawback is that it is designed for 3G, so although I have an unlimited plan with T-Mobile on 4G, I only get 3G speeds. I wish I had waited a few months, since I now see BLU models with 4G capability for the same price. BLU is a great, affordable alternative for people who want a Samsung but don't want to be sucked into a 2-year commitment.

Besides the storage issue it tends to have if you are not careful when you download APPS it is a great phone that does all you need it to do in today's fast pace world.

I like the phone, it's great because I can have the lines in my two and is widely pamtalla good touch, its battery lasts all day even it takes to load, did not bring headphones and the charger is not perfect.

Very good phone for the price. Nice clear screen, the video recorder takes good clear videos. But one downside is that the camera photos are not as clear as they could be,otherwise love this phone!!

Can someone please help me with the whole APN thing. I have created a new one. It says to delete the old one but it wont give me an option and it seems to not even be working. Still can't get online w/o Wifi and can't send pictures...help!!

The only thing I don't like about this phone is the amount of storage. I downloaded 6 apps, which were mostly email and banking, and it kept closing saying the phone didn't have enough memory. I wasn't able to download the candy crush app because it was too big. I purchased a 16GB SD card and it seems to have resolved this problem.

I use blackberry for work and I have spent quite some time comparing different products at stores (including iPhone and all other smartphones available in market) and studying customer reviews to choose my first personal smartphone. Very happy with my decision. For me SIM-free works great since I can get a cheaper plan with flexibility and also I can take this with me abroad. Larger screen is nice. Touch screen is great too, I just cannot believe BLU made this phone at this price. Their customer service is reliable too, I had some questions about which external battery to buy and they got back to me within 24 hours. I feel lucky I found the BLU phone!The only con is a limited internal storage as others have already mentioned. I needed to install a language app for me to be able to write in my mother language, and Gmail app, and I only have 100 MB left.For those who are looking for cases, searching for &#34;trekgear blu studio 5.0&#34; on Amazon will get you many colorful and well designed cases. I had to do some digging to find them -- and wanted to share with you all. Their hard case is a little heavier than the black rubber case that comes with the phone, but it will add some personality to your phone.

I really loved the look of this phone, and the price couldn't be beat. After getting the phone, I put my new sim card in for use with Straight Talk. Phone is activated, internet works, but no text messaging. Day 2, APN is wiped out because the phone has stopped recognizing the sim card. So now, no internet but having text messaging. Later on Day 2, phone has no service as the sim card is not detected at all.Bottom line, avoid this product. Price does not = value.

I don't have this phone yet, but I am thinking of purchasing it.. Can anyone tell me if, since it's unlocked, will I be able to use it with Metro PCS service? Please, if anyone can, give me some feedback.. Thanks

I would just like to say that since I received the new phone I haven't had any problems out of it. It is working just great. I will continue to shop with Amazon.

This phone definitely works better than the LG phones I purchased through Net 10.  The battery life isn't great.  I have to charge it everyday though I only check my email daily.  If I use my Bluetooth, the battery drains more quickly (I'm not sure if synching with the car attributed to this).  I also cannot download pics that are sent via text message which is a compatibility issue between the phone and Net 10. People can see pics that I send to them.  I had to download adobe acrobat to read PDFs via this phone.  I have not figured out which app I need to download in order to read "docs".  I am also not sure what effect not having a dual sim card has. However, I believe this phone is great for basic usage

For a phone I've never heard of, this phone is nice! It is only 3G, only reason why I didn't give 5 stars, but I should've looked around more for 4G.  Only had it for a week, works pretty good. I'm hoping it lasts for at least 2 years, don't really want to replace another phone in the same year! This phone isn't very common around here, no one has heard of it, but I just took a chance.

Im in love with this phone!!!!! If ur lookingbfo a phone that will covercallnur needs thennthis is the phone for u. Itvdoes everything the top brands does for a fraction of the price. The only thing id say is.....the camera isnt as clear as id like. But it takes descent pics none the less.

Very Cool!!

excellent product, a bit limited in RAM, but can be resolved with a micro sd, good relation price-product exceeds expectations, the seller is serious and responsible people

no problems with phone at all. It works excellent..I have had the studio for 3 months now without any issues

Everything is great with my phone so far. its exactly like like the samsung. I mean its absolutely the same. I believe the same people who made samsung made blu for the people who cant afford the samsung. omg its amazing. there isnt a lot of space on it though, thats the only flaw so far but i dont really like downloading big files on phones anyway. I live in trinidad and tobago and the phone is totally unlocked. works perfect with my network. I can recommend it for people who want samsung but dont want to spend to much money. this phone is so affordable. the size is maybe like the samsung s4 or something like that? its a big phone but not bigger than the samsung note 2 .

It didn't measured  up to my expectation.  You can barely hear the ringer.  Doesn't take clear pictures.  Can't find case to fit size.  Start up is slow.

The 4g memory is way too small. I've only had the phone a week & haven't downloaded half of the apps I had on my last phone yet I'm getting the message "storage space running low!" When I look in the settings it appears there's still space in the phone storage & on the SD card, so I'm confused. I've emailed Blu & they're responding thankfully. I'm not sure they'll help as they claim it is the phones internal memory that's running low, to move some apps over to the SD card, but some apps can not go over to the SD card. I'm afraid to root the phone & void warrenty bc then I'll get no help at all. I'll probably end up returning it. Really disappointed.

The one star is for the combination of my ordering and product appearance experiences.1  First, I ordered a new one and they sent me an used one.  After my complaint to Amazon on the phone, I was asked to return the product and they asked me to order another one.  As a result, I paid 127.49 in my second purchase instead of 199.99 origianally paid.  I got a one day shipping free.2. The second one was new.  It works good but the phone has a defect that the metal (could be plastic) frame around the screen has a chip that cannot be repaired.3. The phone was not preloaded with WhatsApp & Youtube as promised in advertisement.I am still not able to have time to test all function of the phone.  However, phone call, email, and messaging functions seem to work OK.

this excellent phone meets the specifications of the product as it appears for that I recommend 5 stars Thank you

got it as a back for a friend and she loves it. it is a great deal and it is made in the usa.

why did the phone not come with a sims card do we have to order it or something and why dont they have cases for them because i looked in every store and have not found one yet other then that its a pretty good phone i really like it

The phone does everything I wanted. I am using an ATT Sim for USA and &#34;Orange&#34; SIM for the UK.The battery life appears to be about 24 hrs with &#34;normal use&#34;. (I have bought a spare battery)

I am not as careful with my phone as I should be, so after I dropped 3 Galaxy's ( on the pavement, in the pool, and in the...ahem....toilet) i decided to try something cheaper ( and more disposable), however this phone is surprisingly comparable. The screen is large and clear, and it operates much the same as a Galaxy except that is not nearly as expensive. Happy so far.

I'll start off by saying I am not a cell phone power user; in fact I bought my first one in Germany last October, an older model Samsung GT-S5230. I bought it to help resolve some travel issues and have only used it sparingly since. The little Samsung is unlocked and certainly suitable for my use in Germany and here in the US.I decided, however, to look into a smart phone for my upcoming vacation in Germany this October. I settled on the Blu Studio 5.0 since it was unlocked, offered dual SIM capability, a decently-large screen, 3G and Wi-Fi, and, above all, a modest price. I wasn't convinced that a smart phone really offered me sufficient reason to spend more money for a top-line phone.So, I've used the phone for two weeks now, including 7 days in Germany and am pleased with the phone. Phone conversations were no problem from either end that I could tell and I didn't have the audio adjusted higher than about half way. I didn't use the earpiece or radio, so can't comment there. To this point I haven't noticed a problem with the charging connection that others have complained about, and I typically charged the phone almost every night. It usually didn't need charged, but I did so to see if the connector would turn out to be a problem; so far not.My biggest complaints on the phone would be that the manual is quite poor, so I found it easier to search Youtube for suggestions in using an Android OS. And the screen is hard to see outside, although such is the case with just about every other phone I've seen or tried. I don't have the best eyesight and I am color-blind...  And as others have suggested, it would be great to have a decent silicone cover like the one that I purchased for the Samsung on Amazon. I found the cover supplied with the phone to be poor as I couldn't activate the on-off button with any consistency when the cover was mounted.Will the phone hold up? Will it receive Android updates? I don't know, but so far I'm quite pleased with the phone. But I still have the Samsung just in case...

Great price for such a good smart phone.

IT WAS A OK PHONE JUST PERFORMED SLOWER THEN I EXPECTED

I've had the phone for about a month now the memory is definitely the worse part I have an sd card and rate everything on my sim card but it still always says low memory and I can't install any games it's also very slow and lags most of the time.

This is a really nice phne, nice screen, works well :)  except, The internal memory is always full? I bought a larger SD card the problem still exist.For some reason I can't receive pic messages...But I can send them.The camera pics are not so great...it may be the settings????? I have been trying to contact the Blu company for technical support, thus far the waiting is so long. after 45min I hang up...Thus far I have not gotten any emails back and it has been 24hrs...service@bluproducts.com, maybe someone can give me some advice on clearing up some memory and how to receive pic messages..Consumer Cellular doesn't troubleshoot Blu settings. I have always owned samsung phnes and the pics were very Clear...This phe has 2 many factory installed Apps. missing my Samsung Galaxy Reverb  :(as of 2day 14:10, contacted co. and Problem solved...it was my APN settings....

I bought two phones for my wife and my daughter in order to avoid permanency clauses with the phone company.  At first, they had reticence about the phones, but once they use it, they were delighted to see how easy was to use them.  The phone looks good, has a brilliant display, a very good battery time and is flawless in the apps.  The support was also superb.  We had a problem with the memory, write an e-mail to the support area of BLU and receive in one day a complete technical answer that solves the issue.  I recommend this phone!!!!!

Love this phone. Had it for a little over a month, and no problems with speaker, sound, volume, battery life, or camera camera. The size is perfect.The only thing is memory.  I don't have many pics, or apps downloaded, and my memory is low. So i had to purchase more memory. Other then this, the phone is fantastic and for the price, is even better.

I have the 5.5 studio which is working well for me except I don't receive MMS. This prompted me to buy the 5.0 studio for my sister in Africa. I hope it works well for her.

Great phone! Almost the size of a Note 3. I love the phone works wonderful. The colors on the screen really stands out.

I bought this phone and say 4gb memory and not true, tare just 512 ram and 2GB of internal storage. Every so sends a message on screen saying &#34;there is little storage&#34; and not allowing install more applications, just the basics.yo compr&eacute; este telefono y dec&iacute;a 4gb de memoria y no es verdad, tare apenas 512 de memoria ram y 2 gb de almacenamiento interno. A cada rato manda un mensaje por pantalla diciendo &#34;queda poco almacenamiento&#34; y no deja instalar m&aacute;s aplicaciones, solo lo basico.

Its an ok phone for its price. Camera isn't good at all. Hate that it has two sim card slot not sure why

Challenge to navigate. Too large for comfortable handling. Would not buy another one.

For the average user this is a great phone with a very reasonable price! I purchased this phone about 6 months ago not one complaint.

I have been using this phone for over 2 months now. Everything about this smart phone is great. But however there is one small dislike I have to say, which is the front camera of this phone and the memory. Its really hard to see especially during the night times, and the front camera is often fuzzy. Overall great phone:). Its totally worth the price.

Great phone i rate is a 5 Stars base on the dual phone slot , i owed a Apple and this phone surpass it with size, wifi service... i recommend this phone

Great phone for the price. My wife loves it and I haven't heard any complaints about it as of yet.

It's A good phone for good money

iam very happy with the product i recomend this cell phone to my brother and he buy one he so glad with his phone

Wanted a large display phone that was unlocked  that I can take on vacation this summer. Price was a factor,  snd compared to a galaxy s4, this was a great value .

My daughter loves the phone, looks like a Samsung note.  She loves the SIZE, the apps and loves loves loves the front and back camera.  Camera has a few problems, lighting in room must be just right.  For the price you can't have everything great.  So far no problems she has had it since Feb. 26; but that's only been 3 weeks.  I praying it will continue to work great.

Goodvery good productvery good product I recommend to anyonevery good product I recommend to anyonewho wants to have a good cell and durable

volume not high, sound not clear, battery discharges quickly. I send email to the company to change the  product

Got my phone about a month ago I must its a great phone .. the price is just right pictures not so good but other than that everything is OK...

nice

Nice phone, very affordable for its features but the system storage is a major problem and it takes away from how enjoyable it could be when it is suggests you uninstall programs to continue using the phone.

Everything works like it should and how it was described.  The only problem? Its HUGE!!! Great for mini tablet but over the top as phone. It is lighter though than IPhone or Samsung models if that matters to you.

I recieved the phone 4 days ago, it is extremely slow,I can't surf the net or use any social media, battery life is very poor. I took it to a dealer where I was told it was operating on 2g. This phone has given me too many headaches. I am sending it back.

i got this phone for my daughter and it works great . great buy, great phone great price. now  i am planning on getting one for .me

I love this phone but needs to be charged a lot.The battery goes down fast, but other than that l love it.

Performing better than expected, would recommend it to anyone. Wifi works great, and the speed is good too. Not disappointed..

I have had every cell phone company available with contracts and I finally got feed up with all their fees and taxes and all the extra stuff they like to charge you. I decided within my region to try simple mobile cell phone company and have had a regular andriod phone and a I phone 5 on this service. The amount of money you save is crazy. The only down fall is because Im on the $40.00 plan i get unlimted data but after so many GB its slows down dramactically but who CARES because i have internet at work and at home I can just connect to WIFI and thats not including most public places offer WIFI which kinda increase the speed a little. I bough this phone because i was tired of my I phone and wanted something else it has turned out to be great! Its a bigger then im use to but I can manage. The camera is just OK I have had better but no big deal for me considering I carry my actual camera everywhere with me. I got the package within 5 days and I thought it just came with phone and charger but it also included a jelly case and ear buds and screen protector great vaul for 115.00 and free shipping !  It gets the job done and its way less money that you would pay with sprint/ tmobile/verizon ETC.  You can also buy insurance for 55.00 from walamrt and if you have to file a claim its 29.00 and they will fix/replace your phone, which is also cheaper then the insurance you pay for with other conpanies.  IM WINNING !!! GO AND BUY!

If you are looking for a phone to just make calls , texts, email and social media this phone will work for you. Make sure to buy your sd card you will need it, once you download 4-5apps your out of storage...

Ease of use. Comfortable in my hand without being too big nice big screen without being bulky fun fun fun

The camera suck ... even after you go in and adjust the settings.. but the phone not bad at all

no memory and headphone wont work on it. waste of money really. wont buy another one,wish i didnt have this one

My husband got me one of these phones for christmas. I loved it when i got it, but a couple of weeks later i wish i would of never bought this phone. It is not a good phone at least i thought it was but false. I advise anyone do not buy this phone. Im having all kinds of problems with it.

There is only 503 megabytes of internal storage for apps app data and media content! sd card size does not matter by the 5th app you download you will get the non stop phone storage is running low warning and wont be able to install most apps without deleting things.Down below it claims there is 2GB of phone storage and none of it is used. Its simply a lie this phone is cheap for a reason and it had so much potential.I think I deserve a full refund and extra credit towards a phone that has practical usable storage space such as 8,16, or 32 GB. I like the company because of their price range and it works fine except that one huge flaw!Please this is my first review tell me how I can go about getting a phone for similar price with REAL storage! or contact the company.

Bought this phone for my teen, she LOVES LOVES LOVES it! The size of this phone is perfect. Great price too.

everything is fine with phone. only thing i dont like about the is the low storage place, but im going to get a larger SD card so everything else should be fine.

Dual sim is awesome! Strong memory with room to increase. Just need to have more accessories to create an even better

Excellent ... I like a lot, I will buy another to do a gift, I recommended to buy it &iexcl;Great! so I can't use it because I must include the serial at my Company Local Cell-Phone

beautiful phone , but one  giant piece of crap. nothing works.  my last problem was  that  the headphone will be on and the speaker will be on too.

Pros:  Nice Big Screen. Easily see things on the screen.  Good Feel and light.Cons:  Couldn't handle the small amount of Apps that I loaded on it.  I even added a 32GB SD card and moved some of the apps to it.  And kept getting out of memory errors.  Had a hard time finding a case and belt clip case for it.I ended up returning it for a different phone.

great product!!I'm wonderfull for cell , amazing product. i need information for accesories. and virtual shop.apps. mapps, case. chaager

It seams like a very nice phone but, I don't know how to work it. It did not come an instruction book so, I am disappointed. I sold the phone to my 14 year old son and he likes it just fine. I just can't understand WHY they don't want to show a new user how to use their product.Signed, Disgusted

Nice phone&#128077;&#128512; nice phone it is good phone Excellent  nice Bluetooth very good nice okay okay play good y

i probably got a defective phone. the mic is not working out of the box. i can hear well but the other person doesn't hear me when i am on the phone. so its either the mic or the receiver or something that's not working.

I like the phone but the battery life, internal memory and other features just totally killed my thoughts on what an awesome phone this was.

I like this phone, very nice, great screen. the only i don't like sometimes freeze and need reset to stard again

Love my phone its everything I wanted in a phone,I get services in places I could'nt before, pictures taking are clear and beautiful all over I am satisfied with my phone,thanks

Loving the phone more and more everyday.  For the amount that I paid for the phone, it is wonderful.  Can't go wrong with BLU.

The phone is great, but where are the cases for it. Not only are there many people that love personalizing their phone with different cases, but HOW ARE WE SUPPOSE TO PROTECT THE PHONE. Accidents do happen. I guess ill walk around with a scuffed up phone. # not cool man

When I first got this phone it was great I like screen size after having the blu music I though it was an upgrade. first the sound is terrible thers is one tiny speaker at the bottom I've tried every booster app nothing happens even if you have headphones 2nd internal memory is a joke I even have a SD card and I can't switch all apps to it the camera is excellent I'll say that but I'll be going back to the blue life play real soon its the only phone that made me happy

Good phone! It just didn't come with a charger for a US outlet .

im from venezuela and the celphone work perfectly here i only have one thing that is just like i think? should this cellphone bring two batteries? yes only one is not good for example it get low battery so f ast maybe cuz' of the apps but i dont know i wish it had brought two. this is the only bad thing the rest is awesome i pretty love it.

I was so excited. I love my big screen!! Only down fall is the internal space on the  phone.I bought this phone refurbished!!! Not brand new!!!!!! phone was not factory reset and had videos & pics of another woman on the phone..I would've been very annoyed if I didn't know how to factory reset my phone!!! I other than that I'm very pleased!!

Keeps saying storage space running slow and I really don't have any thing in this phone and the volume is not loud for the music and talking on calls,the 4g doesn't work with this phone. phone is big and nice and I like how easy its is but sucks!

So addicting I bought mines and now I have my friends asking me to order theirs also.. I have gotten 3 already.

Great buy for teenagers!  Good quality material!  Great battery life.  Dropped original one with no screen protector on.  Replacement one was better than the first!! Kids loved the color.

I really enjoyed having this device and I loved the device and after a few days my phone began to malfunction. Things began to slow down, freeze and glitch. I read good reviews and thought that it would be a good device which it seemed like it was but sadly I was mistaken. I would love to give five stars if my problem were corrected but I ended up having to fix it directly with amazon.

I bought this phone for my son, as he liked the huge screen of the Note 2. Well my bank account said, no way to the price of a note 2 without contract. I purchased theBlu Studio 5.0 for him, popped in a T-mobile 30.00 a month prepaid sim, and WOW. This phone does everything you need it to. It does not have an S pen of course. The 3G on it is fast, the wifi works great for all his games, the play store has all the android apps you could ever want or need. It is super light weight, that is what made me skeptical to start with, as I believed that it may have been a sub par phone. Not at all. The camera took great pics and it has a front facing camera for "selfies".The battery seems to hold a long charge, I know this because my son plays lots of games from the app store on it. He charges at night and ready to go after school (after responsibilities and homework of course)until bedtime...BTW my son is only 11 years old.All in all we have had the phone for about 3 months now and no issues at all. I am please with the phone and its performance.ONLY CON!!!NO CASES MADE FOR THIS PHONE!! Come on Blu!!! It does come with a thin rubber back case, but this is only to protect the back from scratches when its put down or slid across a surface. I purchased a Note 2 screen protector for him and cut it to fit as the glass is NOT the gorilla glass as on most newer model smartphones.For the price, you CAN NOT GO WRONG with this one if you like a huge screen.

The Blu Life Play is s***!!!!! Two of my friends and I bought this phone at the same time and we all experience the same problem. I have not had my Blu for 6 months yet and I am already want to slam it against the wall. My friends and I all had problems with our charge port, the case started to crack and it also started to freeze and NOOOO!!!! i do not have a bunch of apps or a virus. If your planning to buy this affordable smart phone then i beg you  DO NOT!!!! save the money and buy a reliable popular brand like sony or apple r even a nokia but not this S***!!! .

Excellent phone, I really like, but poor battery life and calls sound a little low. But the rest is the perfect phone, I recommend it 100%

THIS CELL PHONE IS NICE IT FILLS MY EXPECTATIONS!!  IT'S BETTER THAN OTHER CELL PHONES I'VE HAD..YOU CAN BUY IT..

I have used the phone for nealy one month, it has no problem so far. it is cheap and practical.

BUT IT COULD USE SOME MORE INTERNAL MEMORY BUT WITH A LARGE ENOUGH SD CARD YOU CAN GET ALL THE APPS THAT YOU NEED

It's a nice phone but the only thing I don't like about this phone is very limited memory storing apps,  I wish it was a 4G.

looking for a galaxy type phone but cheaper this is the one! does everything easy and stylish. came with screen protector/gel case good deal. only thing is battery life is not that great but i expect it with this type of phone. :)

When I first got the phone I was thrilled. The screen is huge and there are a lot of great features for the phone's price. However, I did run into a few problems. First, I use the StraightTalk network and while switching over my number was not a problem, I found that I was unable to get the 3G running. Only after having the phone for over a month did I figure out the problem on my own. Neither Blu nor StraightTalk were helpful. Also, the phone is always low on memory, and tends to run slow sometimes. This is why I would highly suggest having an SD card to put your apps on. Another problem I have is that only the headphones that come with the phone work properly with the phone. The ones they come with are really crappy and even now those ones are falling apart. However, besides those problems I find that you get pretty much what you pay for. The phone is in no way terrible and it is definitely a major up grade from my previous phone.

I ordered black and it came white, I already had to white Blu phone, but I guess I have 3 now, even the order form was reads color/black. I was surprised you sent white, but, I will keep it anyway. I just wanted to let you know I was mailed the wrong color phone then which was ordered. I would have given you a 5 star.

I was skeptic that this phone as going to be a great phone considering the price. I had the "get what you what you pay for" ideology. This is really a great phone. It is huge, thin, and has a sleek design. I have absolutely no problems with this phone. I did get the us warranty just in case but I would do that with any purchase. If you are in the market for the latest and greatest but on a budget this phone is for you! Try it you will be pleasantly suprised.

I thought long and hard to buy this phone. I like it so much. I can read the screen, text easier, and was able to transfer things. It works well with my Consumer Cellular plan and the data configured great. A few things I do not care for.1) The memory in the phone is very low, so I had to delete some apps that I like because I could not transfer to the SD card.2) When each call is answered, it vibrates in your hand (acts like a connection indicator) and the person your calling can hear it. I have looked in the settings to stop this from happening but I have not found it yet. If anyone knows how to disable it, please share with me.3) The ringer volume is too low for me to hear in coming calls. Choosing the right ringtone is essential for this. And also when doing so for the alarm.

Ordered the phone on Monday received on Wednesday. So far no issues with the phone nothin  is damaged and everything was sealed in original packaging. nice phone so far and the screen is HUGE. for the price def. Must buy

Compatible with the Samsung Galaxy, similar and excellent features, light weight. Worth the money. Picture quality is good and play music well.

this is the second one  I purchased in the last 90 days  best phone for the money, works just great

I chose this model because it was new product and my wife needed a update from her previous non-smart phone.Pros:Nice big displayQuick processorDual SIMEasy to UseGreat priceComes with a case, usb charging deck and a usb cord for the charging deckCons:Low phone storage (error message will display continuouslyCamera has poor resolution especially in dark areasTo many automatic downloads from Google once phones Google account is setupOverall I believe the phone is worth the price

I love my new phone so far. at first I did not, but after my daughters husband made the 4G work I love it. the picture is real clear the screen is sensitive so touch is not a dragging across screen. my Straight talk service was a snap to install and as long as you follow the directions you should find no issue. does not come with a micro sim so you will want one of those too. sound out of unit is not good but when hooked to my car stereo it is a great sound. came with a gummy type case and a screen protector.pros1. cost was great2. works seamlessly with straight talk.3. case and screen protector were nice4. easy to setup and operatecons1. it is big so do not get for a small hand2. not many accessoriesall in all it is a great phone and will be buying more and recommending them to everyone I see.

excelente

I bought this phone because I actually live on 2 different continents and this phone has 2 SIM card slots.It may not be an IPhone but for the price who cares.I have loved it.I had it out of my purse while in a local grocery store in Italy and I attracted a crowd.It seems that younger men are particularily interested in my new purchase.What a great toy and phone too.It has gone beyond my expectations!!

I GOT MINE IN A TINY SMALL PACKAGE, WHICH LOOKS LIKE BEEN THROWN ALL OVER SO I GOT MINE WITH CRACKED ON FRONT SCREEN DUE OF LACK OF PACKAGING. SO MAD!!!! THEN I USED IT FOR TWO HOURS AND IT FREEZES ALREADY. VERY DEFECTIVE. DO NOT WASTE UR TIME AND MONEY ON THIS. NOT WORTH IT. DISSAPOINTED CUSTOMER.

This phone works very good.It takes nice pictures,vidoe and its way better than the name brand phones.I'm glad I spent the  money on this one.

All functions on my phone are very good, but I really don't like how camera takes the pics. I tried to configure it several times, but I can't take it to better.

The phone is great and works just like a Galaxy, but the data connection does not work so i can not use the internet unless i have wifi signal.

I've had this phone for about a week now and I'm using it with T-Mobile. I love it..its a big improvement from my old phone! The batter life is great and it tells you how long it'll take before your phone is fully charged which is kinda lengthy but its fine to me because it last me well through the day and I'm a heavy user. WiFi works great. Its fast. The screen is clear and it takes good pictures! I have a galaxy tab 3 and they are pretty similar! Good phone ata ddecent price :)

Let me begin by saying that for the price paid this phone is very good. The internal memory is 512mb and you will get alot of apps shutting down due to low memory. This is easily rectified by rooting the phone. Camera is not the best unless conditions are great. But I do not regret this purchase in the least..battery lasts me all day once charged overnight..

very good so far. yo that the price need to be keeped. I will be glad to get it under 120 with shipping included

Best price/performance/size combo for an unlocked Android device.  It's 5 inches, it's 150 bucks, it's running 4.0+, it's dual core.  The camera is horrible, you won't play aaa mobile games on it, what did you expect for this price

Awesome phone..... great buy.... would recommend to any wise spender. Can hold sufficient apps unlike previous reviews said. Would suggest a large SD card used with this phone.

What i love about this phone. Big nice screen. Easy to text. Long lasting battery. What I think needs to be fixed. Sometimes screen goes black while on it. Internal memory and ram is low with very little downloaded. Shuts out apps in the middle of games and says low memory even with a memory card and all ram cleared out.All together its a nice phone, I can overlook the little things

Perfect delivery rate. Received phone on date as advertised, Love it, purchasing another and hope all works out as well for the 24 hrs deal.

it has  the qualities the other smart phones has.the price is perfect,i really saved half the moneyi was going to use on another type of cell phone.for that matter i was able to buy two phones at a go.i will recommend this phone to all my associates

for the price I was expecting more low memory space big screen really nice worked great I go it in sept and in dec it messed up the on/off button fell off and quit turning it back on

It's for my son he said the charger is weird itbtakes two peices and the phone is thick not slim

first glance its light weight, mines came with a screen protector headphones and a cool phone with slots for 2 sim cards. i dont have a plan yet but the wifi is pretty fast. i purchased it for my girlfriend and im going to give up my iphone 4 for one. GREAT BUY!! even if it breaks (because she always let the kids get to them) its cheaper to buy another one than to pay the deductible for a iphone!!

Got the phone for my daughter. Wasn't what we thought it was. First of all, the camera is of poor quality. It's blurry and there is a lag when videoing. When she tries to go on snapchat, the camera starts to glitch. We don't know if the video camera is faulty or that it can't handle the app but whatever the case, she is not a happy camper.

Not enough memory and speaker is low. Nice big screen good price compared to the Galaxy 4 ..so worth it!!

The screen dims after about 10 seconds making the phone very frustrating to use.  I tried calling and emailing tech support but they weren't able to fix.  I tried install screen lighting apps and searching the web for solutions but got nowhere.  My regular phone is a S4 gpse and I didn't mind the lower resolution screen or slower processor but the dimming screen was a deal breaker.  Too bad they are not able to support this phone better.

So far almost everything works as it should. I haven't been able to find anywhere I could switch off the automatic spell corrector. Very annoying cos most of the time I'm not using English when texting or writing. Phone is a little bit lagging for the power it has, my friend bought the same phone and said that his phone is much faster after trying out both. Not sure of the reason. Otherwise everything is working as it should.

This phone does all that a basic user of smart phones could want.  The memory is smaller then most put perfectly sized for those who do not need gaming and other big application use draws.  I find this phone works fine and gets the job done without the price of the other larger priced phones.

I did not like this phone. Doesn't have much memory and an sd card doesn't help. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone.

I hate that I bought this phone from my local retailer for way more than you guys are selling it for. I love this phone only things I don't like is it can't screenshot or view word documents/PDF . Other than that I'm very satisfied. The size makes it much easier to text than smaller android phones. And the sound isnt that loud but I guess that's what headphones are for

The storage on this phone is so terrible. Likewise the pictures aren't very good. The screen jumps and it freezes ALOT! The case that comes with the phone is worthless. I dropped my phone with the case on and broke my screen in the second week. Needless to say, I was dissatisfied. I expected a better value of phone for the money I spent.

BOUGHT THIS PHONE FOR MY 14 YR OLD DAUGHTER WHO LIKED MY SCREEN SIZE (NOTE II) BUT THERE WAS NO WAY I COULD BUY ONE FOR HER. THIS WAS A GAMBLE GIVEN THE REVIEWS I READ, BUT SHE IS VERY PLEASED WITH IT! ONLY COMPLAINT SHE HAS IS THE SPEAKERS (I READ ABOUT THEM BEFORE BUYING, COMMON PROBLEM) OTHER THAN THAT, GREAT BUY, GREAT PHONE FOR THE $$$$

Once upon a time I was desperate to own anything resembling a smartphone. I had no intention of throwing down a bunch of money on an iphone or Samsung Galaxy, so I came across the Blu set of phones on Amazon. I was reeled in by the fact that it said it came with many apps already loaded onto the phone (i.e. WhatsApp, Youtube etc.). I'm not techy so these things are helpufl to me. Well, I ordered the phone, only to discover that these apps were NOT on the phone. I had to download them all myself except for Google Playstore. Further adding to my annoyance was the fact that Amazon sent the package via FedEx who proved themselves unable to locate exacly where they delivered the phone (SIGH). That was a drama and if it wasn't for a FedEx representative named Debbie (1 of 5 I dealt with on the phone), the phone would have been lost (but that's another story). Anyway, I got the phone and was kind of surprised by the size. Alot of people have asked me if its a Galaxy so I guess that means the phone looks good for the price. Now here is the bad part. The phone has this automatic haptic response. What that means is that it automatically vibrates EVERY TIME YOU TOUCH A BUTTON. I hate that! I searched the internet for instructions on how to fix the problem, and no one seemed to know how. There were other people complaining too because it really drains the battery. I would charge the battery all night, get up, send one text and the charge would read 97%. It couldn't make it through one day without being charged. I don't know if this is the norm for smartphones or what, but I think it's a bit of a burden to have to charge every single night. When I had my old trusty Nokia I could go days wthout a charge. Anyway, after two days of non-stop poking around on the phone, I finally stumbled across an option buried way down in one of the menus. The vibration is gone. I'll see whether it helps with the battery power. Alot of people have complained about the poor storage on the phone. I don't download games or movies so it isn't a problem for me. As you can see, this isn't really a technical review, it's just my experience. I might end up selling the phone if it doesn't get any better. For now, if you want a cheap, simple smartphone this will do, but don't be fooled into thinking it has the capability of a Samsung Galaxy. This is more like the Galaxy's evil twin. It looks like it, but doesn't do all the good stuff.

I am currently living in the Dominican Republic and bought this phone for use with a carrier here. It was a process gettin ghere because it would not send internationally so I needed to spend an extra 100 dollars for UPS to send it. When it arrived, all seemed well, but after one day, the power button stopped working. I now have to go get that fixed Everything else is fine, but that really should not be happening.

my cell phone died unexpectedly and I needed a new phone fast and this matched the price point of what i needed. It works well enough but the headphone jack stopped working less than a month after I got it, and to replace it I would have to send it to the company, which would take up to 2 weeks, which is why I got the phone in the first place, to avoid not having a phone any longer. I have had it since late November, and I don't think it will last much longer. The port to plug in a wall charger doesn't fit the charger well anymore, so I have to place it just in the perfect place or else it doesn't work. Being $150 when I bough it though, I shouldn't have expected much more out of it. still, definitely disappointed.

Dual sim card is an advantage, works well, internet friendly, perfect functions with android apps. the only problem is with storage. But is ok.

I spent $300 on this phone in Turkey (cell phones are very pricey there), because I read these great reviews. After a mere month, it stopped charging. One night it was charging and the next... I wake up and it's not.Also, the customer service is a pathetic waste of time. You have to answer a bunch of questions and wait forever for them to get back to you. They advised me to contact their sister company (since it's the sister company that sells overseas), and I had stated the reason why I was contacting them was I wasn't getting a response from their sister company. Each time we emailed, they had the same response: &#34;You need to contact General Mobile.&#34;General Mobile's support webpage doesn't work. When you submit a complaint or problem, you get an error message.Coincidence? Highly doubtful. Don't waste your time with this stupid company. Now I have a $300 phone that has only worked for 1 month. I loved the phone, but, umm... I can't use it if it won't charge.

I placed my order on a Friday, I recevied the phone on a Monday, (fast delivery) the phone is a great investment... a little disappointed that you can't assign ringtones to my contacts? over all I really like the phone and the company is right here in Florida... YAY Florida we're on the map for something postive..

this phone! you can't go wrong... everything the galaxy does,, it can do... jus the brand .. but otherwise excellent

The phone is super fast and it feels great in the hand. Its exactly like a Samsung but at 1/3 the cost. It uses the simcard from my old phone, so no issues with photos and contacts. I get all the benefits of the Galaxy, without breaking the bank. It even comes with a cover and screen protector. I'm a BLU fan for life.

Great phone works fine no problems with it so far so good had it for a about a month screen is clear and bright netflix works fine and facebook too blu keep up the good work.:}

I absolutely love the phone it is better than what I expected. The only reason I gave 4stars is because of the phone storage, also when you receive a text/any message indicator your screen will not light up and show you. You will only hear the tone that you have set. Other than that, I've had the phone 2 months and I love it!

My boyfriend had the phone for about a week. The Google talk icon kept popping up on the screen for no reason. No pictures wouldn't save on the phone. A huge disappointment!

I love this phone except calls are to quiet.  I have to wear headphones for calls.  Everything else is great!

I like the phone very much I will recommend it to anyway one .the price is cheap and its has all the fixtures .

Battery don't stay charged plus when I get text messages my phone doesn't ring. And memory is very low...... I only had the phone for a month.

This phone has lovely features worthy of a competitor to samsung etc.4G/3G data is fast on Tmobile where they have 1900Mhz coverage, but WONT work at 4G/3G where Tmobile operate only at 1700Mhz. Best to check Tmobile's 4G/3G coverage map before buying this phone, otherwise you'll get slow 2G speeds only at 1700Mhz-only areas (this phone doesnt work at 1700Mhz, hence the 2G speeds). Works well on at&T;, and Lyca mobile (uses Tmobile for 2g/3g/4g coverage).Battery life is very good, around 12 hours with calls and data use during the day.The dual sim functionality works well, with a blue-green color scheme for indicating which carrier is being used.Wifi is OK, Bluetooth OK. Processing speed OK.You CANT upgrade the factory installed version of android (4,1) to any of the later android versions.Screen is large and bright, the back camera OK although pictures are somewhat grainy and pixelated when using the flash in indoor use.Altho the phone comes with a basic rubber-type protector, its almost impossible to get a case for this phone. Only one supplier in the US seems to sell spare batteries.THE BIG FLAW:Sadly, despite these wonderful features, the phone has a MAJOR flaw that is not revealed in the specs. Although the specs say 2GB of storage, actually after the android operating system etc is installed, you ONLY have 512MB of storage to load apps AND data for apps that cant use a micro SD card. That is, some apps like Gmail need to be in the root of the phone and cant be stored (app itself and its data) on a micro SD card. You thus can only add a few apps to this phone in total. Gmail stops working if the mailbox gets too full as there is no space to download mail.  While some apps can be stored on the micro SD card, you'll only know that this alternate storage is possible when you try downloading that app to the phone: it either stores on the micro SD card or not. If the internal memory is full, you'll have to delete other apps or not install it at all.Skype doesnt work at all, and doesnt even install as there is an error message.In other words, you'll never know whether you can install ALL your favorite apps on the phone, as the limited 512MB internal app storage memory halts the ability and the micro SD storage option isnt certain.The more expense Blu phones like the Life One have more internal app storage, so if you need apps, best to forgo buying this phone and spend extra on the Life One.Blu support in Florida is very good. They respond to email quickly and are very helpful over the phone.

Everything about the phone I love.  Great display, very fast, holds a charge for 2 to 3 days, at least for me, and I have had absolutely no problems with the phone yet after 3 weeks.

This phone is it!!! I waited a minute before I posted because I just knew the phone was going to scrap out. The phone is still holding strong with two sims card and tethering lets me wifi more than two devices at a time (no high fees either) only because I am very frugal. Sims cards from Walmart through Tmobile family plan and I'm only paying 75.00 for both sims with all the phones' perks & pluses, I'm feeling like I won.

It's a pretty decent phone except the internal memory other than that I would recommend this for anyone who's trying not to spend much money

Great solid phone for 1st time smartphone user. Wish it had a little more features. The manual is totally useless. You have to figure out things on your own and technial support is almost non-existent.

Excellent value for money. It was a good buy.

excelente

Its a great phone , works great cost is amazing I have not been this happy with a phone in a long time. We picked it up and opened the box put the sim in. And it was working no issues.

I purchased this as a gift for my sister-in-law for Christmas.  So she got it on the 24th of December and before long had the device up and running.  Once she transferred all her Google contact information the phone began to show it's true colors.  Because she has a tremendous amount contacts the 4GB 512MB of RAM was just overwhelmed and the phone began to shudder, freeze and just plain unresponsive. So 2 days later we returned the phone and sprung for a used Galaxy S2 from eBay.

This is a really good phone.  It's fast and has a really 'crisp' display.  The battery lasts all day if I am not playing games or doing lots of net surfing.  My previous phone was a G1 (a 2008 phone which I adored) never had the battery life of this phone.  I also love the Google Maps version on the Blu with it's speech enhanced directions.  I have been printing out maps from mapquest and several other different mapping applications for years now.  Having this application has made travel much easier for us.  It also has a feature to speak and the phone types it for you.  This is interesting, but it doesn't work that great for me.  It doesn't capitalize first words in sentences.  It types 'well' instead of 'will', etc.  Little things that annoy me.  LOL.  Some of the word errors may be from my southern accent.  The camera takes fairly good pix, but the selfie camera is really grainy.  This phone also has video phone, which my hubby and I used last night. It was exciting for us to see our two month old niece and listen to her cooing!  I have to say that this is the not only the best phone for the money that I have ever gotten, but also the best phone.  Best part is that I'm not tied into a stupid contract with an overpriced rate.

This was a smart investment because now i have a smart phone for a monthly price i can handle now that makes it great!

I bought this phone for my wife, it worked all of three days.  When I contacted the company that sold me the phone they had my wife send the phone back. After they received the phone she was told that she would get a replacement in two days.  Then she received a call back from the same person at the company now telling her they weren't going to send her a new phone.  She told my wife that the phone now had pen marks on the back and it wasn't in the original box.  Prior to sending the phone back they were told we no longer had the original box and the phone was in excellent condition when sent back.  Just be careful when ordering anything from this company, just prey it works and you don't have to send it back.

This phone was a gift to a friend in overseas who appreciate and love it so much. It performs just like those old brand names.I will recommend to anyone who likes wide screen phones should buy BLU Studio 5.0 D530 because it works perfect in any country.b

I bought this for my brother and he says &#34;I can't stop smiling, I Don't like it I love it&#34;. He said he can't put the phone down

excellent phone, meets all described how the phone displays the gallery is great, it is easy to handle and also its design is cool

I got the phone and it wouldn't charge, the white part on the battery to indicate if it has been wet was red, and the phone was slow, and the keyboard took a good 30 seconds to open.

Excelente phone, meets all expectations and works perfectly in Chile, where I am using. Be totally satisfied with the product

I am enjoying the availability of two sim cards. Main phone carrier is T-Moble but in certain areas ATT has better reception. So, I have a ATT and a T-Moble sim card, the best of two worlds.

Excellent excellent phone for the money ;) I made a great choice! Couldn't be happier.  Blu is where its at!

It is a rally graet Phone, its camera is good enough and the velocity is phenomenal. I consider this device as a good one

I give this item a C. Yes the big screen is great(when it works). The volume for voice calls is a much needed improvement. Can't hear anything hardly. It freezes up an knocks you off internet. Not enough storage space even with a 4 g memory card. I could keep going. But won't

This phone is the worst piece of s*** that Iever owned. It su*k!!! I will NEVER spend my money on any Blu product. And you guys can forget about me spreading the word about this phone, cause it ain't gonna happen. I cannot recommend nobody to buy this crap.

I'm very disappointed... The seal on the phone box was broken... That tells me someone sent it back because of problems or whatever the case... then you (amazon) sent to to me!!!!  It works as a phone but wont got onto the internet through my data plan. Most likely will be returning the smart phone. Ill call Blu support first thing in the morning then decide....

how easy is to get the problem that way, people like you are leaving a bad irresponsible amazon, is that perhaps you do not check the products when the deliveries, the phone will not turn you replace battery and charger and nothing, you scammer I will not qualify to make negative the same to others. get the 128 dollars that cost me the phone

Amazing price and phone!!! It has amazing features, I get great services! It feels like a note. But its cheaper :)

The shipping time was superb. The phone came in a brand new box and was packaged perfectly. I have only had the phone two days and I cannot hear and I get constant complaints that I sound muffled. I activated the phone under the straight talk/t mobile at Walmart. I popped in a 16gb memory card that works fine with the phone. Surfing the net is lighting fast. The phone is very large and light. Blu if your listening, I love your product but I cannot use a phone that don't have good sound quality. I will keep my eye out for a new and improved product.

I read the reviews for the phone before I bought it... I've been able to download every app that I've had on my previous phone and more with no problems so far...So glad I purchased this phone.....

I feel so stupid I wrote a review giving this phone 5stars BUYER BEWARE they tell u u have 30days to return the phone because it takes 30days for the problems to start my phone can not get texts or voice mails I can not download apps I have 4apps on my phone an it keeps telling me uninstall apps storage to full I even went in bought a 8gb SD card and this phone is not even putting the 4apps that seem to be to much for this phone on the SD card I have contacted these people and they told me it was nothing they could do they said it was past 30days and that I should contact blu so I did in they told me that they could not give me a new phone or help me in that matter because I did not purchase from them! And blu them selfs told me to recontact the sellers i bought the phone from its just a big back in forth these people have no idea how to handle the situation So I have recontacted these people who I got the phone from an I am still waiting I doubt they will help me. Its not worth it people I paid 130 for this but I wish I could have paid 400 for a phone through T-Mobile or at&t because at least I know THEY GOT MY BACK they will refund me they will give me a new phone they will make sure I don't go without never again this phone even closes me out of the internet so I am writing this review off my fianc&eacute;s T-Mobile lg phone!! They use the big screens and low prices to rail you in I am so sorry if my first 5star review pusaded anyone to buy this phone. Terrible service I wish I could leave no stars!

The features are ok, however the battery life is the worst. Don't ever think about playing the radio, after about 20 mins, that's it, you have to charge the battery. The same goes for using the WiFi features.

I couldnt find a case for it dropped it and cracked the glass so im very dissapointed with it.Thats my second phone i ordered and it broke.

I don't play games and I need only few apps and for me this is an awesome phone. Everything works great including Bluetooth and GPS. Having two sim card slots is nice too.  This phone is so cheap that I don't have to worry about losing or braking it, I'll just get a new one.

Wow. Super fast, extra large, and loving it. Got everyone I know in upstate sc wanting to buy one and Amazon had great customer service. Thanks Amazon and BLU

Was not so pleased with phone, I placed 16g memory card in it and it still said memory storage is low, the volume level is low  had to use the head phones other than that it perform ok. I was able to return it to Amazon with no problem.

Very nice product works fine, no issuesnwith the touch screen and the battery last extremely long I recommend you buy a sd card along with it because it only had 4gb internal storage.. but otherwise its a pretty good product

I like it very much. As a student it is big enough and fast with the Apps I am able to keep up with my lectures and searches. Also able to take pictures of class lecture notes on the whiteboard. I have already given recommendations to several people and my son got one last week. I am planning to buy one for my daughter soon.

Give it a 4.5 only because I think the volume takes away from all the great features but all in all this is the best phone I ever had especially at the price I paid ... works just as good as any iPhone or galaxy I ever owned and some features they don't have.. get a 5 if they fix the volume issue

I bought this phone because i was sick of the iphone 4 going slow so i found this phone on amazon and wanted to give it a try. I looked at the reviews before buying it because i have straight talk and wanted to make sure it worked for it and it does, i had to change a few things in the mobile networking but other than that its a great phone thanks!!!

Well I bought 2 of these.  One for my wife and one for me.  It beats the 500 or 600 dollar price.  Well I went to Metro PCS and the sales associate said I don't think they will work.  I said oh yes they will.  The sales associate then installed the card and booted it up.  It worked so well that she was surprised and said her manager said it would not work.  It worked great and still does.  So guess what the sales associate at MPCS told me she is getting one.  Yes the instruction booklet needs improving but you can get demos and the like on you tube from other owners.  I think the very young people want to pay 500 or 600 for status, but I can do everything on this.  And the sales associate said it even looks like the more expensive phones.  It feels good to the touch also.  Some might say well if it breaks in a year or something.  Well for the price I can buy another without breaking the bank.

I ordered this phone for my sister. She loves it. She loves all the app that came on the phone. No more drop calls, good signal, excellent volume, service and reception.She uses straight talk. Pop your sims card into the phone and start talking. Her 2 other friends just ordered. Nice size. It comes with a battery, case, charger and earphones. Great price for this diva.

I bought this unlocked phone for my trip to Hong Kong.  I bought a OneSimCard SIM to use with it and tested the dual SIM capability with this phone as well.  The dual SIM feature is simple and easy to navigate through.Wi-fi and browser capability is pretty awesome and saved me a few times sanity-wise.  I downloaded a few apps -- the phone really doesn't have enough space to download lots of apps. WhatsApp, Facebook, Netflix, and Skype work great.  I also downloaded apps that work with OneSIMCard.  I had to disable some other apps just to run the installer when the phone ran out of room, but enabled them again afterwards.  Wish there was more space allocated to apps.It's nice to be able to be in airplane mode and activate wi-fi now that some airlines offer wi-fi.I did have to reboot the phone a couple of times to connect to the wi-fi properly, but it reboots pretty quick.The manual really isn't comprehensive.  I learned some things just by being bored and playing around with the phone. I know I can take a snapshot of my screen because I did this accidentally but have not been able to do this since.  Found some folks who said to hold the volume up and power button, and others who say to hold the volume low and power button, but neither worked.  If anyone knows, please let me know!

Love my new phone got it fast and I have had no problems thus far It's pretty big but everybody likes it

Blu is  an amazing phone and I recommend it to anyone looking for a good phone. Affordability = more sales.

good, color not very clear, need to improve. very good radio, I like it. anyway, I give a 4 stars rating.

Ok, Fist of all I will say that I have been a die hard Samsung user since the Galaxy S3 came out. Ive had the S3, the S4 and the Note 1 and 2 since.  The last phone I bought before this one was a Nokia, and well, I hated it.  Someone told me about these phones because I was looking to upgrade but didnt exactly have money to drop $600 on an unlocked phone since I wasnt eligible for upgrade yet.  My first reaction was &#34; WHO is BLU?&#34;  My husband makes fun of me, because anytime any one in my family including myself gets a phone, I do research! I look at what the experts think of a phone, and then look on here for reviews from customers, only this time I looked into this company as a whole, Who are they? What is their goal?  After looking at both I decided &#34; I might give this a try, worse case senario I can just return&#34; well, I ordered and got it the very next day!I was a skeptic through a through, I got this phone two days ago and have been waiting on something I dont like to appear.  (Keep in mind I am use to the Samsung standard when it comes to phones, thats a pretty high bar to try and reach for!) i pushed this phone, I had multiple things downloading, I was surfing the web.. I was making calls and texting people and NOTHING bad was happening, this phone performed like a PRO!  I have waited for software glitches, or something to happen but its been great! The only issue Ive even found is you can not make folders on your home screen so all the apps are either in your menu or on your home screen, which is really not an issue for me! The screen size is comparable to a note, just a tad bit smaller as I compared the two on top of each other. The phone COMES WITH a screen protector and a gel case that completes the phone!  My husband was also a skeptic, and he loves my phone so much, we will be buying him AND my daughter this phone!  Great screen, great camera, and even though this phone is 3G , and our carrier is a 4G provider, you cant tell it only handles 3G.  Most of the time I get a &#34;H&#34; where my signal is and that basically means a little faster than 3G.. Anyway, yes this company is new, but everyone has to start somewhere!  Give Blu a try, I doubt you will be dispeased.  Solid build phone, great features! Only one way I can say they should improve, and that is what everyone complains about their phone.. The battery life.  It lasts a day, and I am a heavy phone user, that just means I have to charge every night, so not an issue for me, but I know some ppl want their phones to last days, and thats just not realistic with every phone!

love this phone,huge sreen ,the color white maket look luk like a iphone.memory 503 not much,2gb internal sd card, 5 mgps.some comments dont make no harm to me cause people our buyers dont read enogh about the product!! pacient is a vurtuial :-)well thank u Amazon n the rest of companies for the good products like the irulu 10.1 tablet have it 2 month ago n still rockimg likeit shud sweet,n much more, i been whit u guys sinces 2006 and don't regret buying some your company Thank u ones again.

at first this phone looks great but it really is not the internal storage just sucks and now i only had it for a little while and it is not letting me get on any apps it says low memory DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE

but wish i had bought a 4g not a 3gthe phone is nice a big and you can see everything

this phone is amazing for the price.internal memory is a little low,so you need a decent sd card,and send all apps,ect that you can to it to save space.only other thing is the microphone is very loud,so certain voices can be a little loud and muffled.battery life seems to be about normal for these phones.i love it,and very happy

What were they thinking??Nice Phone, but ONLY 500MB available on phone for Applications (NOT 4GB).The internal drive is factory partitioned to only allow 500MB for apps!(Other BLU phones in this price range that I have encountered usually have at least 1GB available).This is a paltry amount of available memory for an android phone. I only realized it on the phone when I ran out of space to install apps the first day I had it, and then called BLU support, who verified it, because it was hard to believe. Not half as much as other similar BLU phones I have encountered. Amazing because it has very few Bloatware factory unremovable apps on board.Apparently BLU engineering designated other RAM memory just for photos and the like.  Why would the do this?  Couldn't get my all my needs apps to fit!!!Other BLU phone in this price range have at least 1.0GB available - and that is also paltry, but manageable for many people for whom I set these phones up.There are  definitely other Blu phones with more memory available and on paper the specs look the same, but again:The ONLY to find out before you buy it seems to be to call BLU Support first. They admit that these are unpublished specs. (As of May 2014)

This phone has recently come out has little to do with what we know, is a smartphone I would say that combines the best of each cell. It has technical features that I like

Love it

I like this phone had 1 problem that was the volume on the ringtone they sent me a replacement  thinking abut buying some more for my grand kids yes I would recommend this phone

This phone have nice features, but the battery always need to be charge. The volume is very low when its on speaker. My calls get drop, but other than that it is not a bad phone for the money.

nice phone. should have come with more than 512 mb ram. but then again there is the 5.0s which i just ordered. the only down side so far is the ram. it's fluid and has nice vibrating response.

This is COOL. I live in Mexico, and the phone I got from a local provider was junk.  I wanted a dual SIM with some processing power.  I am not a guru...but I got it, charged it, threw in my SIM and could make calls.  BUT...no internet (current plan is unlimited data).  SO..,.I go to the local provider, they can't help (surprise surprise).  I contact customer service and they give me instructions, then I google the needed parameters.  BINGO!!  Now I am online and it is by far the best phone I have had.  I also knew that I might face Chinese issues but...  no Chinese issues either, I was not familiar with BLU.  For the price, you GOTTA try this.  Came with a skin and screen protector.  I have had Samsung, Apple, LG, Sony.  I refuse to support these guys anymore with a subsidized phone, so I bought this outright.  I would do it again, and I recommend it to anyone.  I also purchased a 32G microSD.  If it is lacking in memory, I have not hit it yet.  Take your time, work with it.

When you open the package, the phone box says to open in front of the delivery person and do not accept if seal is broke.That should be in the description on amazon. Seal was broken, I opened it anyway and everything was in the box. But when I started going thru the phones apps/programs the place and time was for Mexico City,?. Alarm clock does NOT WORK, poor volume, can't hear it ring even on high. Picture text NOT WORKING. Apps that are on phone (sim toolkit) can't find it google, day 3 I.M. Amazon for a rma and let them know that this phone is DEFECTIVE. But I really want this phone company to succeed, so I ordered another one just to make sure. I used at&t straight talk, did everything they say to do to make this phone work. Blu did email in 1 day, so I know they are trying to help every one. That in and of its self is why I am going to try another phone. I will let everyone know.

It isn't loud enough. I can't find a way to change the number of rings (3) before it goes to voice mail.It changes my settings all on it's own which is so frustrating. I do need to buy more memory...the low memory flashes a lot and some things just don't load. It has a mind of it;s own. Yet it's pretty and makes calls.

The mobile phone is not bad per se.It appears to be very perfect for the internationals hence the phone came with an  AC /USB Wall charger that does not match american standard.I had to go to Radio Shack to buy a compartible Ac/usb wall charger.You must be patient to learn how  to use the key functions .I believe the phone will compete with other sophisticated mobile devices in future if the manufacturer update some of the elements to meet American standards.

Worse cell phone ever just buy this phone and it a waste of money I would not recommend this phone to no one

this phone was delivered on time but it also clashed with mothers day gifts, but it needs an sd card for downloads but it works great.

very good phone, nice compact size brings an updated software applications has the necessary operation, excellent very versatile style that is good in all details phone exactly as advertised by the seller.

Only had it for less than a week but it works great. Very nice to look at and big enough for reading things without squinting. I was somewhat concerned because I had only had Droid X phone but it was dying so I needed to change. Somewhat concerned about getting a signal in our house as once before we had the same carrier and had to leave because we couldn't use our phones at home. This phone gets a strong signal anywhere in our house. Really like the &#34;bird song&#34; it has for notifications. It has a place for two sim cards but works very well with only one. Would recommend highly based on the time I've had it.

I haven't been able to use the internet since I got ot turned on and my service has data with it.

Good phone

This phone is a decent phone. I've lost several phones in the past. Buying another $600 phone didn't appeal to me. The phone can easily be rooted with Framaroot 1.9.1 allowing super user access. It is also compatible with 64 GB {only after formatting} The 64 GB disk must be formatted to fat32 format. Overall the phone is 8/10. Great product for price. Any question feel free to contact me.

i like it, but yeah is a little big. but, not heavy. fast and like camera resolution. i will recommend this.

Volume very low, no signal,will not find my location so I can't use my gps, try to send back their system will not print return slip

I have had this phone for several days now, and have used it exclusively. I kept having to remind myself that I bought it for $150 unlocked, which is awesome.Battery: Works great for me, makes it all day with moderate use.Volume: Worst part about this phone, it is quiet in the headset, speakerphone and earpiece. Maybe they will release an update to fix this?Screen: A solid...meh. It is clear and bright but the viewing angle and resolution are terrible, or great if you consider that this is a $150 phone. I love the 5" size, I think this is perfect for a cell phone.Phone is lag free, works fine and does 99% of what I want acceptably. Best of all I am off the money pit and contract of Verizon.

I purchased this phone for my daughter as a Christmas gift.  She absolutely loves it.  It is very light weight.  She hates the internal memory storage..too small.  I bought her an external memory card last night.  Without it, her phone is becoming very slow and she didn't want to delete any of her pictures for very good reasons.  She is experiencing an issue with transferring her internal memory to her mciro SD card.  However, she has been able to tell a difference in the performance getting better once she inserted it.  If you have any suggestions on how to achieve this, please let me know.  It takes fairly nice pictures.  The flash is only ok, not excellent.  All in all, you still can get some decent pictures.  Also, it looks nice and expensive and it performs all the great tasks that she needs it to.

Great phone that does what it's supposed to. I used a SIM card in Chile and then used a walmart prepaid in the US. Works great. A little larger than the Galaxy S4. Great phone if you don't mind not having the great camera the Galaxy/iPhones give you.

I find that this is a good phone, it has lived up to expectations. The only drawback is the battery life and a constant need to charge the battery.

I love this phone. The only problem I have is I can't figure out how to turn off the vibrate on my home keys when I'm texting.

I like the cellphone because it turned out to be a good product. It has such a good price. I would say that it doesn't have enough internal memory because it has only 512 to download all the apps you want. Another plus is that the screen is very responsive and it's very big.

Good but the biggest problem is the vibration feature on out going calls and tech support said it could not be disabled.  Person I call most hates hearing it and I have to hear about it every time

the battery life of this phone is horrible. I have to charge it twice a day and it takes over three hours to fully charge. the internal storage is also horrible ive had a low storage icon in my notification bar since the first day I got the phone. too much extra crap from the manufacturer already on the phone. I use maybe 25% of the preinstalled apps and cant get rid of them nor can I download more than three extra apps using the internal memory. very disappointed in this product

Got this as a gift for my granddaughter. She wanted it for the Wi-FI and for the music. She is very satisfied with it. The price was cheaper than the more expensive smart phones.

I don't game on a phone, so there is enough memory for me. For me this phone is excellent and for the price it is unbelievable. I travel so the 2 sim is an added bonus.Pros - good reception, easy to navigate, unlocked, price, size, screen clarity, larger buttons, flash camera. easy to use.Cons - on/ff button on the side rather than the face at the bottom, that's all I can find.Conclusion, I bought another for my wife, sho loves it too.

Well i had to find a cell phone company that would cut it on because its a international phone, but i found one and its working great

I bought this phone to replace my T-Mobile Concord from Walmart....well I did great!! This phone (unlocked) works with my Family Mobile SIM card.

Love my new android phone.  It is perfect for a mom who is just a little involved in technology, but more interested in her family.

I really enjoy this phone, love the big numbers.  still learning the features and how it works, would recommend it to others.

Phone works great!  Very happy after (3) weeks.Had a feature phone for (3) years before this phone.  Had an S4 for three weeks before receiving this phone.  S4 had too many options (ATT and Samsung software, some doing the same feature; keyboards, photo editing etc..).  The S4 had (2) gb of ram but 1.5 were apps added or running in background by ATT google + whomever.  This phone has .5 gb and .12 gb running in in background and was not slow in changing screens.  AND I have not had any apps added (run) without my consent!The Phone itself; Physically bigger than the S4 BUT the viewing screen is the same size.  This phone has older software android 4.1, and features only 3G services.  coming from a feature phone this is an improvement, your situation my vari.Comes with screen protector, case, and wall charger.I do suggest to people to purchase this phone,  I have no question android users would love this phone.  Iphone users would have a learning curve, although a $120 learning curve as opposed to a $600 Iphone (x) without learning curve.

Product came on time with tracking info.Product was the same as I ordered on line.Product is working good, no problems.Highly recommend!

I bought two of these, one for my dad and one for my sister and we use them on tmobles service. The phone is great except for the fact you can't use any other headphones but the stock headphones the company sends with the phone. I don't know what they expect you to do if those headphones break because its not like they sell headphones individually. The other problem with this phone is the front camera sucks, but the back one is decent. My last problem with this phone is the fluctuating prices every week. One week it might be on sale for $125 with tax, the next $135 with no tax.

I put my tmobile sims card in and it was on!  No problems at all.  I love this phone.  It's just the right size, I get my emails, youtube, facebook, everything with no problems.

I have had  a couple of androids, including an optimus g and galexie 3, and this phone works as well as any of those. The only draw back is the lack of accessories.

ok.. gracias

This is a good phone for the price. Alot of people complained about the speaker, well its not that bad. Im able to hear people and music, so I can deal with it. Theres deffinatly more pros then cons. Such as this phone can take screenshots, has a flash, and a front camera. I used to have an android fusion 2 and that had none of these features. However, the only down side like other people have said; I can't find a case for it. Its a shame because I dont want to end up breaking it. It does come with a black silicone case, but Im an 18 year old girl, and picky. But Ive had it for about two weeks now, and overall a good phone.

Good phone only issue I have had is the internal memory in really small for apps be sides that no problems with the phone

I received the product in a timely fashion. Everything works as advertised. I have (2) small gripes about his particular phone. First, accessories or the lack there of. You can not find a hard case for the phone, screen protector or an extra battery. How are you expected to keep this device for the long-haul without the help of accessories..Next would be the very low volume on the internal earpiece. Trying to use this device without a bluetooth will be maddening.All in all, I still give it 4 out of 5 stars because it is the best bang for the buck.

Great deal for the price features are nice but would probably order the quad core model next time all in all a good buy

This is a great phone it works fine i love it very much. The best phone i ever had so far. Only one little thing i am concern about, you have to watch how many apps you install on it which will cause the phone storage space to run low! Guess that's not a big deal, all you have to do only install important app that you really need to use. Apps that you are just trying out its ok but if you are not using them it's best to uninstall them. Great phone i must say, i also bought one for my wife.

I love the huge screen, and is very light weight. Very low volume, holds a lot of pictures so far, charge fast when turned off.  There is no swipe, no signure text feature, won't download my pictures from text, etc. I can't block unwanted callers.  If my last phone wasnt so perfect, I would give 4 stars.

I just got the phone today, but seems am going to enjoy this new phone of mine....I just need to figure out how to change the ring tone :)...

this is a great phone wouldve given 5 stars if it had a better camera. but other than that i love tis phone

I recently bought a Blu Studio 5.0 unlocked US warranty From the day I received it, the audio was giving trouble. It reached a point just today that whenever I receive a call the hearing sensitivity was extremely low then the ring tone went completely. The speaker to the back of the phone has extreme distortion. I would not recommend this phone, not even for free. I will be returning this phone to amazon, and I would hope that they comply with their warranty. I am extremely unsatisfied and disappointed with this product. I am requesting an immediate refund, and for me not another BLU brand.

I just got the phone yesterday and it works wonders. The Samsung Galaxy will cost you at least $400 to do the same thing; If you need 3d gaming then you need to invest in a PS4. I also noticed that Blu is not an advertised brand name when it comes to phones but they sure take care of the customers and that's what matters to me. My phone came with a screen protector, a case, customer care business card, accessories. I read a few negative comments about some phones going bad which made me think about it twice at first. Don't base your reviews on a bad experience, phones go bad all the time it's the nature of the business.I really recommend it, Great Phone!Affordable, Fast, Full Android Features

My cousin ordered 2 of these phones about 1 year ago and they are still working great never had a problem with them, they even was delivered before the time

I am having some issues with this phone.  It hasn't been wet on the inside of the phone but jst a lil bit on the screen protector but it's jumping and navigating to pages that I didn't try to navigate to .  I really enjoyed it before this happend .  Great Cellphone , wish it was also CDMA compatible though.

A phone I wouldn't recommend to anyone , basically the phone is just big it doesn't do that much the volume is bad on it also.

Great phone for overseas, it works really well and has good connection between the sim card and the actual phone. If you leaving the country for a little bit you may want to pick up this phone.

Has small storage space. The sound is terrible, I cannot hear what the other person is saying nor can they hear what I'm saying! You just hear a caller talking at a distance and you have to keep repeating them. But the screen is great!

Phone is great.I would reccomend it.its everything I expected and more love it.And the price is very affordable.Love love love

it is nice phone and nice size have a lot of future on it I travel a lot so it nice to use the same phone to different country everything is easy on that phone I like it and I had it for month now and did not have any problem yet

The phone is nice compatible and ideal for persons who like the samsung s3 it works awesome it is also light weight

Sellers discription says the fone is a blu studio 5.0 530 but its a blu studio 5.0 520 n the 520 is a dual sim where I was lookin for a single sim which is the 530

Excellent phone. I love it.The price is very low for the quality. I live in Costa Rica, and works perfect.

I live in caribbean and was looking for a dual sim phone that would work, my friend sent me the link to this phone and i mus say i am impressed with its features.  Especially the fact that i can use excel and work for school projects on the go. I is a must buy.

Phone worked for one day and never turned back on the next day after it being fully charged, asked for a new battery to see if that was the problem but nope it still never turned on even after leaving it charging for a day, returning and getting money back! Not a good phone at all! Returning it is time consuming so don't even take the chance!

In a world surrounded by Samsung Galaxys and Iphones, I wanted to go a little different route and be reasonabe at it. Fortunately, I found it in the Blu Studio 5.0 D530. With it's sleek design, it excellently rivals the popular overly-expensive counterparts in terms of style and functionality. The color on the screen is vibrant, the response to touch is wonderful. People are constantly asking me what kind of phone it is and are immediately interested. For what I use a phone for, it meets every expectation and I am very satisfied. Although being satisfied, there are a few drawbacks to the phone overall, but these are minor disappointments when considering the price point as being a little over $120.00 and with no contract. The first con is the 512mb RAM that is easily exhausted by downloading a number of apps. These apps can be stored on external storage media (micro SD), but occasionally, their operation must be halted in order for the phone to carry out normal text and email reception operations and can't be resumed until enough apps are stopped to make room for usable RAM. Secondly, with my experience, Having to configure the phone for data outside of a WiFi environment was somewhat of a cerebral task. I've been able to do this but am still not able to receive mms transmission. The external speaker could be a tad bit louder, but I can live with it easily! These are the only disappointments worth mentioning concerning this phone. In light of all that it is, the pros easily prevail against the cons. I'm seriously considering giving my wife this one and going with a bigger and better - You guessed it ---BLU!!!!!

Arrived quickly. Great phone, nice features!

got the phone quite quickly, shipping was fine. but after i had the phone twio days i found out that i could not send sms messages i also encountered many glitches in it's setup. it looks very nice anhd has a lot of good features , but it is really sad it would not tex.. i live too far for returnes and consider my money not well spent. i wish the sellers would make shure their products are working before sending them ourt to us the customer. i would really like a replacement

First off, this is an unlocked GSM phone. I am able to just insert my Go-phone SIM card (for AT&T) and it works right away. There is a second SIM slot for an out of area alternate card. It is an Android device that comes with Google's Play already there, so I am able to load my previously purchased Play programs onto it. The device though has only 2 Gig flash mem, although the ad. has said 4 Gig. Thankfully there is a micro-SD slot which can accept up to 32 Gig. The screen is bright, clear, and with such great resolution and color rendition that I wouldn't mind using it to surf the web or for reading my eBooks. The signal reception has been great and does not heat up under the clothing like my friend's iPhone. I am using it as a backup to my PC when I don't have the portal (ie, no wi-fi access) to reach the Internet. I have not used the camera feature yet and therefore the large-ish Li battery is lasting many days. Just the only thing I wish to see improvement on is how the back-cover can be taken off easier and more conveniently. For now, a flat blade screw driver is a must in order to pry the cover off to insert the SIM and micro-SD cards, and to replace the battery. BTW the Android version on this phone is 4.1.2 and my understanding is that it is the 4.1.1 version that may have the &#34;heart-bleed bug&#34;. So hopefully this phone I have has the safer version of the SSL.

The phone is ideal works great with tmobile havent had any major issues other then one...the internal memeory! Seriously its a smart phone it should be able to have more then 5 apps before it starts saying storage space full! This is such a downer because I like the phone but dont think Ill be able to keep it because of this issue

This is my second Blu phone. My first, the 5s was the right size and had a great op system but had issues with staying connected with cell towers and weak signal.This phone is the complete opposite. Stays connected and shows at least 3 bars even in areas around the house where signal was one bar at best. (We live in a rural area with terrible coverage) The dual core processor works all my also well. Overall the phone works well and would have received 5stars but I have had Bluetooth connection issues when the phone tries to switch between my devices.For reference this phone is a about the same size as the Galaxy Note II

This is an awesome phone, for a great price.  I have not put it down since I got it.  I received it within a week from ordering it. I have not had any problems with it. You get exactly what you pay for and more.  It doesnt have a very good front facing camera, but all of the other awesome feature will make up for it.  It is unlocked, and can be used with most service providers.  I have awesome service, and It has lightning speed.  If the cameras were better it would be, in my opinion better than most of the iphones.

I was excited when I received the phone. The packaging was exciting and made me want to tear into it. The product was easy to set up. I have Straight talk BYOP (bring your own phone) plan. I am pleased with the phone graphics, size, and style but the volume on it is really low. I have trouble hearing the caller but the caller can hear me fine. Other than that, it an excellent product for the price. It does everything a Samsung S3 does. So it's worth the price.

I bought this expecting what it was. A $150 phone. But the total lack of netflix? Come on. The $50 prepaid phone plays netflix fine. According to blu they are " working on it" but have no eta. Basically a "just buy a different phone" answer.Viewing angles are poor as well. looking at it like you would any other phone means the bottom half of the screen is blacked out. Tilt the top away from you and it's better.The screen size is big, but it's a polished turd at best.Waiting for the nexus 5, then this will go one of my kids, if they can handle the lack of netflix.

I was able to activate the phone without any problems.  Purchased the sim card and it was activated on the spot.  So far I've not had any major issues with it; but I primarily use it to talk, text and read emails on occasions.  It does have the GPS feature which was very important to me because I don't have one in my car.

I love this phone! It is huge, so texting is very easy. I was not sure if I wanted a touch screen when I came from a slider, but this phone is very easy to use. You do have to buy an SD card, but installation is easy. I use net10 with the phone. It works very well. I am very happy with this phone.

Phone is great. All of the accessories that came with it was a steal.  Only drawback is that a memory card is almost required because there's not a lot of storage space and the annoying reminder that there's only one Sim card in it.

I've had this phone for about a week and really like it. It's certainly not the best, the camera quality isn't great and the storage is sparse. For what I paid, it was absolutely worth it though! The only thing that I really dislike is the time it takes to charge! 34 minutes left at 95% but on the flipside the battery lasts a lot longer. So overall no huge complaints.

I bought this for my wife to upgrade her old old phone, it was a great deal for the price. The only think that she didn't like is the camera resolution, but who can complain when you have this big screen with this price? beside, the Android is great, it is a little different from my S4 but she loved it.

Can i use Straight Talk plan with this phone?? Need answers as soon as possible before i purchase this phone

I am not real crazy about the size.  It does not fit in some purses and it is hard to hold in my hand to talk on.  Very fancy phone with great options...

Blu Studio 5.0 Unlocked Dual Sim phone is all that I expected the phone to provide for my business.Especially, the dual sim cards feature this is really a plus for me.

This phone is a pretty nice size i love it.package was delivered as promised.  Phone comes with extra accessoriesso far everything about the phone is good.  I even took it to t-mobile to check and seeif phone was properly set up on t-mobile's network and the rep said yes and was impressed with the phone.He said this was one of the nicest dual sim card phones he has seen!!!!!

The Phone I ordered has a bubble in the middle of the screen, it works fine except the bubble in the middle of the screen. I need to return asap.

I just got my phone today & it seems to be made of good quality, speaker is okay when listening to music but it's a little low when i watch netflix or hulu. I love the size of it. mines looks a little different from the pic because it doesn't have the BLU logo on the front. Hopefully I'll be able to get 3g on it (ill update later), text & talk works fine haven't been able to get pic msg yet (ill update later). I haven't noticed any lag and Ive downloaded all my favorite apps/games. I also have a 32gb micro sd  card installed.Update; 3g & pic msg works great. I'm using mines with Straight talk so I had to change the APN settings.Update 9/13/13: Netflix doesnt work. BLU say they are working on a patch to fix it or a update to fix it.

I upgraded to android phone, this phone has two sim card slots which comes in pretty handy.  It works really well and the screen is pretty clear and bright.  It is 5&#34; but it doesn't appear that back or strange. .  . WHICH IS ANOTHER REASON WHY I LOVE IT.

At first it worked good, after 4 months the ringer does not work and the screen freezes alot. Next time I will pay extra $$ for something better quality.

Nice phone  but bad customer services by the company. Mine was missing a few apps when i got it and some stuff wouldnt work,but i managed to get around it. After awhile I got irritated though. I wrote the company to send it back, but they wouldnt let me. Then a few days afterwards, it was stolen. They didnt  replace it, which sucks!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

This phone has it all from the large HD screen to the dual Sim ports. Came with a charger, screen protector, case, earphones, wall charger/usb and of course the phone. Although you will need to buy a new sim for the phone it was completely work the money.

The storage space sucks! The keypad works when it wants to and randomly kicks me off websites and reboots on its own.

The phone is a good sturdy phone but I'm very disappoint with how slow it runs. Freezes up trying to catch up.

This gets 4 stars because, well, it's a smart phone for under $100, so any problems I've had with it, I'm willing to put up with.It worked fine out of the box and I haven't had any problems with the speed of the apps I run.  Call quality is fine, speaker isn't amazing but it's fine.  The camera, too, isn't impressive but it's about as good as most other smart phone cameras.I'd say the major weakness of the phone is its extremely small internal memory.  I did install a 32GB mini-SD card, It took a little playing around to figure out how to move my apps to the SD card, to free up the memory on the phone.  Even having done that, I'm to the point now that any time I try to download a new app, or my email, it says there's insufficient memory available.  The phone gives me a message that I need to &#34;unpin some tasks from the taskbar&#34; but doesn't tell me how to do that.  There's nothing that looks like a taskbar, or pinning, on this phone.  I'm sure I'll figure it out at some point, but I would rather the phone just work like everyone else's.  Note that I am not a huge app user; I've filled up less than 1 GB so far on my SD card.The battery life is fine.  I'm not a heavy user, so during a day I'm probably on the phone for 10 min, send less than a dozen texts, and spend maybe an hour or two on the internet and using apps.  I always have some battery at the end of the day but sometimes it's down to 20-30%. If you are a really heavy user you would probably have to charge it during the day.  It takes 3-4 hours to fully charge.Overall  I'm happy with my purchase- this is my first smart phone, and I didn't want to be in a contract and I can't imagine having to worry about dropping a $300+ phone.  You're not getting an iphone for this price but it's not a bad phone.

Work' s very well & I'm very please with the overall feature. Would of gotten a 5 star if the battery life last a little longer.

I am in love with this phone I use it on Tmobile prepaid and it's great I watch Netfix mostly and check my emails I don't play games a lot...

This phone is awesome. There are only a few drawbacks. The battery life is terrible. The speaker isn't very loud, and the screen dims after 10 seconds which was very frustrating. I downloaded an app to fix the screen. Other than that this is a great phone for the price.

Pretty good phone I got it today after waiting for a week due to mail being backed up but well worth the wait its and awesome phone only thing is the camera could be better not to clear

I've been looking at phones for a few months and finally decided to try this one. I'm actually in the market for 3 phones but only got one to try it out first and see if we like it. I'll probably end up giving this one to my 14-year-old daughter because it's just too big for me. My previous phone is a Galaxy S2 and I thought that was big when I got it. This is HUGE in comparison.The positives...Seems to run the few apps I have quicklyMy daughter loves the camera features. Even the front facing camera has cool features4Gig SD card from my old phone works just fine in this oneI received it sooner than I expected!It comes with a jelly case and screen protectorThe negatives...Speaker phone isn't very loudDoesn't come with Swype keyboard feature but I was able to download one from the PlayStore.Like everyone else has mentioned, the internal memory isn't much so make sure you move apps to your SD card

I like the product while is very clean and is the same as the description  only I say wunderfullas wunderbarthank you amazon.comarouna sabi

It's bigger than my original Samsung Galaxy SIII.  I also like the case that came with it.  The internet isn't always on.  You have to go to your settings to make sure &#34;Data Connection&#34; is on.  Also it doesn't have 4G.  But it works fine for me.

For the price, this is the best phone you're going to find. As long as you purchase a memory card, this is perfect. My only complaint is the quality of the camera. Pictures are only decent if in natural light, which is not uncommon for cell phone cameras. The screen is large and crisp. All I had to do was pop my Family Mobile sim card it and it worked!

hello goog morning sir ..........im not happy with this phone its working slow ....sometime i have to shut down phone after restart then its works and phone memory blocking the storage .....
