
Great. Performance is like monster. .It works more than my expectations.  I was about to buy tab but dropped thr idea after getting this. ..

Very nice looking phone.. And the screen... Just as good if not better than Retina. Very crisp display. Still have to play with this phone for quite a while. Too much to explore.. How exciting! (Or maybe I just got tired of the iOS devices for the time being). Excellent delivery from Amazon. Though I got this without any service plan so Im thinking of unlocking this some time soon. But for now, i'll prolly use the ATT go sim and refills.

I call people.  Sometimes they answer.

Great phone, perfect size (fits in pocket but still big enough to enjoy using).  The camera has more megapixels than my actual camera!

Screen is bigger than S3 (other person in family has one)...But overall, it is a very disappointing downgrade in usability from the S2 Skyrocket I have.I have a nano-sim to micro-sim adapter on order, hopefully coming in later this week so I can go back to using the S2...Nice phone, great features, AMAZING hardware spec (I buy phones based on their performance, and this takes the cake over the 5s)...BUT the android software feels like it was a rush release for this product...Here's what I don't like:I use the password lock-screen featuer -&#62; worked great on the S2 since it had a keyboard designed just for the lock screen... But this one uses the same pop-up keyboard that it has while texting or anything else... the way it's designed to pop up into focus let's me see my homescreen wallpaper through my lock-screen wallpaper -_-' ... OH well, I can live with that I guess.The keyboard sucks... I would of have thought that having a bigger screen meant the keys would be scaled up... (for crying out loud, the keyboad is full screen on the S2, right?) You might think thats ok? Try unlocking your phone during rush hour traffic on a 5-lane highway doing 75... you may just get a new perspective here...I got an Otterbox Defender case for the S4. Disappointed that the new cases aren't as thick for the S4 as they are for my S2, but that's otterbox, not me. HOWEVER -&#62; I set the option to turn off the screen when Im taking a call... standard factory feature, right? So why the crap does the screen not come back ON when I pull the phone from my face?? I was setting up visual voicemail, called my voicemail, logged into it, and then the screen does not come back on when I want to delete the messages...&#34;Ok, wtf&#34;  as it keeps looping through the 3 or so recordings it has stored. NONE of the hard/soft buttons on the phone will get the screen to come back on (usually hitting power or the middle hard key bring the screen back up during regular calls)...As I begin to pull the Defender case off to pull the battery out, the screen comes back on and starts to function AS IT SHOULD OF HAVE FROM THE VERY BEGINNING when I pull the front half of the defender off the face of the phone...You've got to be kidding me if the light/proximity sensor is so insensitive now that the case (which doesn't cover any of the light sensors, fyi) keeps the phone from noticing that I pull it from my face...This whole thing is the reason I almost want to throw my phone into a padded wall half the time.... However, I am beginning do doubt it will survive that like my S2 always did, based on how it's doing so far...I highly suggest buying this for the spec, and then waiting until the software either upgrades, or rolling back to an older OS version...

Does it all - Love the size and options, battery life is great.  I had an IPHONE before that I was not happy with the weight or size of the screen.  Getting phone service turned over was easy with AT&T -

I am not savvy with tech stuff. I thought some of the apps would be over my head but I am getting more and more familiar with it and quite enjoy all it's possibilities. I did get a protector for it after I dropped it twice-lightly. It is easier to hang onto it with it's little case.

The phone was bigger than I expected. At first it bothered me, but now I love it. It has a lot of new features.I would have given it 5 stars but the Air View feature on my phone doesn't work.

This phone is great and the added, useful, features add to an already great device.  The screen quality is fantastic.  I would liken it to the difference between this and the S3 to when I first saw the difference between the iPhone 3GS and the 4 with retina display.  You have to see it to really appreciate it.  It's extremely light in the hand.  Performance wise, it is fast, but in some situations it can get kind of laggy.  The motion sensor and the eye detector are hit and miss.  When they work, they work well, but not something I would use daily.  That's why I took a star off.  Maybe in a update it'll be fixed but it's not at all that bothersome.  I am a health buff and I love the S Health application.  Not necessarily the pedometer, but the temperature and humidity sensors, and the food and exercise logs.  It's really helpful if you use it consistantly.  Overall this is a good upgrade from the S3 but not a great upgrade.  Would have liked to see more of a design change and more internal storage dedicated for applications.  And can we completely get rid of 16GB and make 32GB be the minimum standard already?  There are alot of apps out there and some of the better games are well over 1GB.

It's nice ...but the have made it hard to get away from privacy with this phone. .I'm sure only few know what I mean by that statement.

Absolutely great phone for a great price ($50) amazon offered with 2 yrs contract! No other retailer could beat this price. The phone comes with amazing features and battery life. The apps run fast and is very responsive.

Really great phone! The phone was given to our granddaughter for Christmas, and she is so very pleased with it.

I was wondering the phone was still lock. When I put my sim code in, the phone lock my network&#65281;Do you have any any way to help me ?

Although this is the first smart phone I have owned, it surpasses my expectations. I am still figuring out new things, about its functionality, daily. Even though you have to watch how you pronounce words, I especially like the talk/text feature. Just make sure you read the text prior to sending it. I have only had the phone 2-3 weeks but so far I have no complaints. This phone is worth the cost.

we never have even tried to use a smart phone, and this phone is very easy to learn and use.

Nokia 3120, Nokia N82, Nokia 900, Nokia N8.  Notice the pattern?I have only one regret, that the Lumia 1020 was not available when I purchased the Samsung Galaxy S4, however with that said... I have no major issues with the S4 and would recommend this device to anyone who asked.The switch to Android from S3 was not difficult.  Android has oodles of options, features and customizations which is why I finally decided to make the leap.  The build quality is not the same as my Nokia's, but to be fair trying to best Nokia in build quality is like trying to break the Reality Distortion Field of a diehard Apple fan.  That said, I have nothing bad to say about the build compared to other manufacturers devices.  The device does not feel like it's going to break or crumble when I hold it without the Otter Box Commuter case I purchased to protect it.Android, what a beast.  Does use a fair amount of battery throughout the day and that's with 'Power Saving' mode always activated.  I may do some research to see if PS is justified with that said, but it lasts a 9-hour work day which is all you really need.  I always suggest topping up during the day anyway, you want to be prepared for the zombie apocalypse, so always have your phone charging when you're able and you'll never have an issue with battery life.The camera works.  It's a 13MP shooter with some impressive features.  Making animated photos of my cats is a breeze, and honestly isn't that the best selling feature right there?  The panorama, sound & shot and eraser modes also work exceptionally well.  You do need to know beforehand if you need to be in eraser mode for it to work, it's sort of a gimmick that merely takes multiple pictures and allows you to stitch them together, doesn't actually 'erase' moving objects but combines pictures that don't have the selected objects.  So aside from knowing you *need* to be in that mode, it does what it says it does.What's left to say?  Great device, happy with the unit.  100% disappointed with the typical BS from our mobile carriers here in the United States, but that's not Samsung's fault!If you buy this device, you won't have a regret unless you go to great length to make one up! :)

Amazing phone, latest features and specs. Good to watch videos, browse web, take pictures and pretty much anything. Has micro sd card slot for anybody needing more space.

I updated from a Palm to the Samsung Galaxy S4 and love it.  I am now in the current century.  Quality is great and AT&T has been outstanding with their service.  Still need to figure out all the apps but I couldn't be more pleased.

Awesome!  Awesome!  Much more customizable than the iPhone, larger screen, better features, better battery life.  I &#34;feel&#34; like the battery life on my iPhone was better, but I also think that might be in my head.  The research says this is better.When all said and done, iPhone is best for folks who don't much of a learning curve.  Everyone willing to do the learning curve should go for the Galaxy.Some of the features don't work very well, like the auto-scroll with your eyes, or swiping in the air, etc.

This was the best and by far the easiest cell phone transaction ever! I would do it again and again.

First let me say I'm a long time android user and have used it almost since it's infancy with its first real usable version on the OS froyo. I know my way around android fairly well wouldn't call myself a pro maybe intermediate. I have owned many of the ATT versions of the galaxy phones except for the gs3 so yes I'm a big fan!That being said I almost didn't buy the Gs4, almost broke my streak and went with the HTC one. But at the end of the day while I loved the all metal construction not being able to replace the battery and a four mega pixel camera were deal breakers! I'm sorry to say mega pixels matter with or with out more light. The only reason I ever wanted the HTC one was because of it beautiful metal construction. I always here Samsung phones are no good because they made of all plastic come on you've heard it to, I guess it was starting to get to me. Then I realized that most every piece of electronics I can remember since I was a child has been made with you guessed it plastic! And while the sgs4 is made of plastic it is every bit just as quality as the HTC one, in some ways more as plastic is more flexible then aluminum. I guess I also chose the galaxy s 4 because I have owned the galaxy s 2 for years and loved it! It fell from my hands so many times a can't remember, hitting our hard wood floor many times. It was a solid all around good working phone, so choosing the galaxy s 4 was less of a stretch for me.I have owned my Galaxy s 4 for about a week now and can safely pass on to your what I love and what I don't like so much, let's start with the pros! This phone is a beauty to look at its got nice curves fits nice in the hand, the chromed Bezal along the edge takes away from the plasticy look of the device and adds a touch of elegance to it. I personally chose the white version, when you look close it has almost a carbon fiber look to it, in my opinion it looks nicer then the HTC one but not quite as nice as the iPhone 5. Moving on to the camera my absolutely favorite feature, and the included camera app that is one of the included features in touch wiz that is actually cool! This thing has a 13mp camera on the back,and is close to on par to most standard digital cameras you can buy today. Thank you Samsung for this, I have been waiting for the chance to ditch my digital camera for years. Think about it we always have our phones with us and I would bet 9 out of 10 people have taken more pictures with there phone then they ever have with a camera! Problem is have you ever gotten prints developed from pictures from your phone? Yeah they are usually bad even at 8mp like the gs2 or even iPhone 5. Not so with the galaxy s 4 the pictures are crisp clear and just all around awesome! The touch wiz camera app is awesome too, it has a feature called (best picture) it takes 8 consecutive photos and allows you to choose the best one. This an amazing feature for any one with kids, if your like me and your phone seems to take the shot at the wrong time and you miss the moment! This takes 8 pictures in the time it takes to blink it's amazing! My next love of this phone, yes that big bright screen that has more pixels then most tvs you can buy. But there isn't much to say it's amazing, it's so clear you will see that thing that's growing out of the face of your favorite actor that you just can't see on other screens. And my last thing on my list of loves, the included IR port I'm not gonna lie being able to controlle my Roku box TV and DVD player all from my phone is a major convenience, coming out of this over bloated over gagitized phone.OK, OK I love this phone wouldn't trade it but it's not with out its quarks. Hear is my list of things I don't like. First off I love that big bright screen but that means carrying a big phone, you need to take this into acount I personally find at times it's a little harder to hold on too then I'm used to with my Galaxy s 2. I also hated the fact that the home button wakes the phone as every time you move with your phone in your pocket your phone turns on killing the battery. If you root your phone this can be pretty easily fixed by following some detailed instructions so over all not a big issue. My next problem is battery life, once again big beautifully screens take Alot of juice so if your sitting down playing a game don't expect hours and hours of life. I installed an app called green power it extends your battery life by turning non necessary features off when your screen turns off. Also turning off all of the dumb touch wiz features you will use once off will get you further by miles! With light use expect a day and a half, moderate surfing the web making calls, texting and such you will make it through the day. With heavy use you will get about two hours, three if you shutt off all uneccisary services. But every one needs to remember this is par for the course for these new phones, if you want better battery the iPhone is the champ! My next problem is touch wiz ATT absolutely bloated this phone with junk no one uses, Samsung loaded it with features that let's be honest guys are cool but don't make sense in every day life. I like touch wiz in its self it has some nice feature like swiping left/right to call or text in the address book, honestly its the little things that make life easier are the cool things. You will end up turning all the other stuff off sooner or later trust me. My last big problem with this phone is memory, Samsung claims that the OS takes up 6gb leaving you a tinny 8gb for your apps and pictures! It is true that it does have a micro SD card slot. But going from 16 down to 8 is a stretch! I personally recommend rooting and putting a customer recovery and rom on your phone to fix this, if your interested in this go to [...] for detailed instructions. By doing so you can put a custom rom or custom user made android operating system on your phone. Many remove all the junk apps from ATT and some support apps to SD, allowing you to put your big game files on your micro SD card this is something not natively supported by Android since gingerbread, and in my opinion a major over sight by Google, as phones are not coming with more memory and games are getting bigger. (it should be noted that rooting/roming your phone probably will break your warranty, it's all reverseable though). Also just as an FYI I put the Google play edition rom on my phone that has no ATT junk has no touch wiz gimmicks and is much smaller in general and still only had about 10gb leaving some space for the OS there is still 4 or 5 gigs missing that's not cool, and over all my absolute most hated thing about this phone.Oh and just as one more side note, Android no longer supports flash. This has nothing to do with Samsung, Adobe decided not to support android any more and can't be found in any android device since jelly bean. So don't bash Samsung for lack of flash.To sum it all up, great phone with a huge processor although I can't really see a speed difference from my old phone its still cool, big bright beautifully screen with not so great battery, awesome camera and camera app, touch wiz is to bloated up but you can fix this, amazing design, but Samsung is being a little shady when they represent this phone as 16gb, but once again you can fix that!So if these are things you have been looking for in your new phone and if you can over look its easy to ignore little quarks then this is the phone for you, if not get an iPhone because in my opinion the GS4 and the iPhone 5 are the top dogs. My wife has the iPhone it's a great phone (it's not a war it's a preference and both have there ups and downs). So there is my two cents I hope it helps!

So far so good. Nothing to complain about. It does what I want it to do. Chose it over HTC one because of battery.  HTC one does not have removable battery and that is for me a deal breaker.

I am EXTREMELY SATISFIED with this product. I must confess that I was hesitant at first to purchase it used &#34;like new&#34; but since I needed the phone ASAP and couldn't fork up money for a new one I bought this one. Also, it was sold via fulfillment by Amazon, which has a great return policy just in case it was not sold as advertised (if you are going to buy used, I would suggest you purchase it this way and save the trouble of having to explain your life away to someone as to why you returned it). It is by far my best cell phone purchase to date. The phone came in other packaging (as advertised) and a few slight scuffs along the edge that are only noticeable upon a very close inspection (which only means that it is truly &#34;used&#34; and not just as a paper weight). I can tell that the phone was well kept and the previous owner did not drop it or mistreat it. I had an Apple iPhone 4S before this one and will now have to learn the new Google OS but everyone in my household has Samsung phones so I have teachers to spare. I will MOST DEFINITELY BE RECOMMENDING/REPEATING A PURCHASE LIKE THIS ONE!

Very, very, veryyy! Wonderful smartphone so many more features and things to do with a smartphone! I am very happy with my new phone! Camera is the game changer!

A long hairline crack developed on the gorilla glass after a short period of use. To my surprise, the repair was not covered by warranty because of "physical damage". Samsung charged 200 dollars to replace the entire screen assembly though the LCD and digitizer worked fine, and the only problem was the glass.One representative said "the only cause of the broken glass is external force". I asked for a re-evaluation and he refused. Later an impolite supervisor quoted the Samsung Galaxy S4, Health & Safety and Warranty Guide, pp 32."What is not coveredThis limited warranty is conditioned upon proper use of the Product.This limited warranty does not cover:...(b) scratches, dents and cosmetic damage, unless caused by SAMSUNG;..."They insisted the crack was not caused by SAMSUNG. The phone was shipped back to me, unrepaired.

This is my favorite phone to date and i already sold my Galaxy s3 and Nexus 4,but this phone lag all the time because Samsung and AT&T put to much stuff i don't use on it. The phone have good power and the specs are top notch

This is an excellent phone in all categories and before I start explaining why, I'd like to share that I typically buy all Apple products. I purchased this phone while switching cellular providers and I needed an affordable alternative - this phone was on sale for free with a two year commitment. Are you reading my review to figure out if you should be buying an Android based phone or iPhone? This is the wrong review to read! I'll simply sayApple makes great products that are simple to use and generally very reliable products. If you demand quality products that are as simple to use as a calculator or rotary phone - the iPhone is your choice.As a consumer who largely purchases Apple products - I am very satisfied with the Galaxy S4. Every Samsung product I have purchased has been extremely reliable and long lasting. I even tried the Nexus 5 prior purchasing this phone because it was cheap enough to purchase and not be bound to contracts. That's when I realized I wasn't happy with the LG manufactured Nexus 5, but was impressed with how evolved the Android operating system has become over the years.I choose to purchase the Samsung Galaxy S4 on sale for the cost of a two year commitment ($325 termination, discounted $10 less per month of service) and return the Nexus 5 that I purchased cash for $349.99. AT&T;'s network has been the most reliable for me in my area - and being that it is a &#34;GSM&#34; network (a type of technology used in Europe, mostly) - I can browse the internet and speak on the phone at the same time. The only other major carrier in my area that allows this is T-Mobile. I rarely (if ever) have had dropped calls or service issues with AT&T; in the past and I regret having recently left them as a customer for another carrier's enticing offers. They have outstanding customer service, their billing department will work with you should you need extended grace periods or payment arrangements should a crisis or emergency fall into your life. I have no complaints about AT&T;'s customer service or network.I am rambling about AT&T; because you, are, after all, reading about an AT&T; Galaxy S4!Ok - after leaving a premium Apple product, these are the things that earned the Galaxy S4 five stars -1. A stunningly gorgeous display that looks like a paper color photograph.2. A large display that is more comfortable to read web pages and news.Things I like when comparing to my iPhone 5S -3. Snappy electronics that make the phone feel even faster and more responsive than my iPhone 5S.4. Lots of cool technology like a &#34;built in&#34; universal remote for TVs and home electronics.5. A camera (I'm a photographer) that I find to be amazing.6. I can replace the battery and add memory.7. It works with generic and universal charging cables I can buy at discount stores or online.And in General ....8. Not a single glitch or error with the supplied hardware and software!!!!!!!!!!!!My view points regarding what other review sites say about similar phones:CHEAP PLASTIC BACKEveryone complains about the plastic back not feeling like premium aluminum like HTC and Apple products. The advantage is that you can easily replace the back panel, add memory and replace your battery - or carry a spare. My phone is in a case anyway and when I owned an $850 iPhone, all of it's pretty style was hidden just like the S4 is.DOES NOT FEEL AS COMFORTABLE &#34;IN-HAND&#34; COMPARED TO NEXUS-5 AND HTCI really don't see a problem here. This is a subject talked about just to sell a review - if a review site or blog makes great points, it adds to their credibility and increases the odds that they gain your future readership. Bottom line is - I think this phone feels fine, and the OtterBox communter series case makes it feel even more comfortable in my hands.SOFTWARE INSTALLED BY SAMSUNG AND A&T;People will complain that this software, called bloatware, eats up memory and ruins the interface of Google's android operating system. This is true - I'm not sure why AT&T; offers their &#34;for a charge&#34; GPS navigation when you can use Google Maps for free. What they fail to tell you is that you can disable this software, compensate for lost memory with adding a memory card - or - if you're feeling daring, you can &#34;root&#34; your phone (assume administrative control) and delete the software you don't need. Some of the software is actually very useful - like the remote control program, and the software that tracks your health. Some of it is a waste, but, it may be easier for certain people to use than third party applications.COMPLICATED ANDROID OPERATING SYSTEMYes, Apple wins hands down if you want a simple interface that works and software that is simple to use. There are certain features on this phone are really cool but have to be turned off if you want a normal battery life - for example, &#34;Google NOW and location history&#34; which is a brilliant attempt at giving you updates that are relevant to you (weather, amount of time to go to work, etc...) provided in real time. If you're not technically oriented, it may be difficult to figure these things out.So, that's my opinion on this phone - I think it's excellent. I am also learning to love Google's services - such as contacts and calendar. They are real easy to edit, update and organize online. From palm pilots to blackberries to windows mobile, then to iPhones - I must have had over a decade of calendars and contacts that have accumulated over time. It took me about four hours on a weekend morning to import everything into a Google account, replace nicknames with full names, erase old contacts and categorize everything into groups - such as - family, work, friends, etc.This is not a phone you will be disappointed with. I place it in the same category as the iPhone. I place them both ahead of the Nexus 5, and I have no opinion about the HTC ONE because I have never used one.

I originally wrote this review on Samsung's Galaxy S4 website May 25, 2013, but they never published it...guess it was too hot (but in a bad way).  So I'm bringing that review here in hopes that it will have a chance for people to read.  Sorry...it's not an Amazon confirmed purchased, but I did bought it through AT&T; when I finally upgraded from my 16GB iPhone 3G...so here goes!"Features 5 out of 5Performance 3 out of 5Design 3 out of 5Value 2 out of 5I was very excited to finally upgrade from my AT&T; iPhone 3G 16GB White to the Samsung GS4 16GB White device. I was so excited to be receiving this device that seem to do everything but cook!  It took a few hours to adjust from iOS to the Android but that was seamless. And it took a bit of an adjustment to the size difference...both in the weight & width. I was very impressed with the gimmicks this phones had to offer. I quite liked the swipe feature while texting or emailing & the fact that the device learns your individual style of writing very quickly. I liked the fact that I could add unknown words to its dictionary so that the next time, it would bring that word up more quicker. I found the smart scroll easier to adjust (once I read-up online that's it's the hand tilting that makes it move & not your eyes). The eye come up & changes color from blue to green once it detects that you are looking or reading the screen. Your hand tilting is what makes the screen go up or down. That took a few hours to adjust but I think I've mastered that feature! I also liked the air gestures including scrolling & preview as well. That one can master those features almost immediately. I was a bit disappointed in there being no flash video capabilities, but I've lived with that (or shall I say...without that) for so long that that's a non issue for me. Loved the 13MP Rear Facing & 2MP Front Facing Cameras & all the various functionalities! I especially loved the feature of taking pics & the photographer can now be included in the fun at the same time! In fact, I liked most of what Samsung/AT&T; had to offer in this model except for the phone hard-drive/memory storage & the phone resetting itself...both of which are deal breakers!That's right, my SGS4 factory reset itself two nights ago! No warning, nothing I did; I was listening to a radio app & it just shutdown! I thought the app crashed & simply went to restart it & had discover that the phone shutdown. When I powered it on again, that's when I discovered that it had done a factory reset!  Luckily, I had my contacts, pics & videos backed-up by AT&T; Locker app; however, I lost all text message conversations, music, & time....yes time I had spent setting-up the device...personalizing it for me & my use only for that to have happen. I'm not sure the cause behind the phone doing a self factory reset but I can't risk this happening again.Then there's the fact that this product has been (& still is taunted as being 16GB...now AT&T; is offering the 32GB but the 64GB still isn't for sale as of yet for unknown reasons). Anyhoo, I had the unpleasant discovery that 6.38, nearly a third of my 16GB of storage/memory, have been devoted to propriety apps between Samsung & AT&T;! This leaves me with only 9.62GB of storage/memory for the my use & NOT 16GB or even 14GB. I downloaded some apps, taken a few pics/videos, received a few text messages & emails, had a 144 songs (roughly 4.28MB) transferred to the phone (which are now gone & I've hadn't the time to retransfer again as of yet) & I now only have 4.87GB left! I've only had the device since 4/26/2013! When I queried AT&T; agents about this, I was told to simply go out & buy ADDITIONAL storage/memory (up to 64GB). Aye...so I consider going out to buy ADDITIONAL storage/memory at ADDITIONAL cost to me but discovered that the additional storage/memory would be good for pics/videos, document files, & music ONLY. Get this...I WILL NOT be able to download, install, or back-up apps on the ADDITIONAL storage/memory & worst yet, I WILL NOT be able to uninstall some of those proprietary apps that I DO NOT USE without rooting or jail breaking the device! If one does, one can kiss their warranty goodbye which really would suck.So sadly, I must return this to AT&T; for an exchange of another smart phone minus the gimmicks this device offer...probably the iPhone 5 as Apple seem to be the only ones who can put-out products that a) work the way they stated & b) give the customer the proper storage/memory to work with & c) are stable/reliable. I just don't like being forced to upgrade my device when the contract is up.  I held onto my iPhone as long as I could until Apple stopped updating the iOS & now stopped updating all apps.  I've had my iPhone 3G since April' 2009...it came with 16GB (of which only 1.54GB were devoted to proprietary apps shared between AT&T; & Apple) which left me with 14.46GB to consume in any manner that I wanted. Four years later, I still have 6.14GB left (1.27GB more than what I currently have left on my SGS4) after downloading 232 apps, one movie, three books bought through the iBooks, 96 songs, & 156 pics/videos. And it never once did a hard reset without me doing it.And no, I would not recommend this device to anyone until Samsung/AT&T; correct the misrepresentation of their product's storage/memory capacity.Pros: Inexpensive, Durable, Lightweight, air gestures smart scroll & swipe keyboards, 13mp rear facing camera & featuresCons: Did not meet expectations, storage capacity misrepresentation"

Had my Samsung Galaxy S4 phone for 14 days when the crack appeared in the screen. I had babied this thing and it was not subjected to any external pressure, drops, hot sun - nothing. One minute it was working the next minute I had a black screen of death. No way to revive the screen. After this happened I noticed a hairline crack had developed sandwiched between the layers of glass. I checked online I found this was a wide spread problem with the S3 that Samsung never owned up to, and now is being reported by hundreds of S4 owners - some on their first day of ownership.Samsung defiantly declares that all hairline cracks stem from owner abuse of the phone and states that the screen is not covered under the warranty. Replacing the screen will cost you $178 and three weeks of time.Interestingly, in July 2013 Samsung announced an Accidental Damage Handling (ADH)Warranty that provides free replacement of the screen up to twice in the first year of phone ownership. Two simple qualifications for coverage:(1)Your phone must be registered with Samsung within the 1st 30 days of ownership to be eligible for this incremental warranty.(2)You must live in one of 16 specified countries in Africa.The ADH is NOT available to residents of the US.Sweet.

I got this phone yesterday, and I have been playing with it nonstop for the past 24 hours. First off, I'd like to say that yes, I have fallen in love with this phone since I opened it up.Visual Review:It looks similar to the GS3 and Note, but what would you expect from a Galaxy? It's very nice, because the bezel is so small, so its one of the easiest phones to hold that has a 5 inch screen. I would recommend getting a case and spare batteries however. It feels very slick and I often worry about dropping it. Also, the spare batteries would take advantage of the removable cover. I love that option; seeing as how I am very techy, I am always on my phone. The display is hands down the best phone display you will ever see. You cannot see any pixels no matter how close you look...Seriously...And the colors are outstanding... I compared the phone display with my girlfriend's iPhone 5 and it wasn't comparable.Feature Review:I have found so many neat features on this phone. One of my absolute favorite features is the IR Blaster. NO MORE REMOTES! I can just change the channels with my phone, and its amazingly easy to set up and program to new TV's. It also shows the schedules of what shows are playing on, say, Charter TV, which is awesome. Secondly, Air-view is not just a gimmick. Now people can use the phone with gloves on and it will work flawlessly. Although yes, there are some unnecessary features that need to be ignored, that more or less show off the hardware, such as the air swipe to change between photos... But whatever, its still a hell of an invention, right? Also, the camera is awesome as well. It is fast, and has many sweet and ACTUALLY USEFUL features...not just the stupid visual effects that nobody uses. Last night I could barely see my girlfriend and I put the phone on night mode and took a picture, and I could easily see her in the picture. It was like an actual night-vision camera, but with proper colors. Its also very detailed. I also like the dual camera picture mode.Pros-Fastest performing phone statistically on the market-Sleek-Great camera-Awesome Software and Hardware-Amazing Display-Lots of tech under the hood that most phones dont have.Cons-Slippery-Doesn't have the waterproofing that the xPeria Z has-Only comes in black or white-I guess I wish it had a heavier, more premium back to it.Overall, I would highly advocate anyone purchasing this phone. I was worried at first but once I got it I realized I made the best decision. Blows other phones out of the water.If you own an Iphone, and actually want to give android a serious shot, this phone will make you happy you made that decision.

Returned the phone in a week. The phone freezes when on call or when browsing, turns off by itself. I think the device i got had some issues.

Coming from iPhone, the screen and the replaceable battery is way better option than what you get for an iphone.The bad things about this phone is that email apps is not as good, it takes a while to sync with wifi or 4g lte. And sometimes after you delete an email, after a refresh it shows up again. The camera is not as fast as the iphone, but iphone taking fast pics does not mean all the pics are focused. So this can be debated.get this for the screen, the weight, the flexibility of battery and shed yourself from itunes. You can sync everything and upload everything with out any additional software is a dream.

Smooth fluid functionality....quick response.....great screen size for watching videos/movies..but wish the battery was a little better.....I use it a lot and charge it once a day.....when used less can come upto 2 days.......overall its great !

Update 5/6/13OK, first of all, I don't know why I called the second browser, below, Firefox when it is actually Chrome.  The second browser on my Mac is Firefox - I'll blame that for now.Second, I stand by my statements on speed.  Tonight, I attempted to manually dial my work voice-mail.  The phone display could not keep up with my dialing.  We're not talking fractions of a second here, but 1 or 2 full seconds.  Playing Candy Crush over bluetooth in my car is interesting (don't ask why) - the sound effects are about 2 seconds late.  Maybe I will disable battery saving mode tomorrow and see if it's more responsive, and at what cost to battery life.Third, FYI you *can* hide the keyboard in the text message app. (and probably email) by hitting the physical back key on the phone.Lastly, I wanted to point out one other thing for Android newbies.  There are actually two email clients included.  The default client - the one shown when you first turn the phone on - does not have swipe to delete as I mentioned below, but the second one, GMail, does.  However, you will also find that only the default client displays a "badge" (iPhone users know this as the count of new emails attached to the icon).  So, you must choose between knowing why your phone just alerted you (other than opening the notification window), and having the swipe-to-delete feature, but you don't get to have both unless you find something else.  This is both the curse and the power of a more open system such as Android.  You get to pick the features you like, but you may not find them all in the same product.===============I upgraded from an iPhone 4s to the Galaxy S4. Here are my thoughts on Android Jellybean and the Samsung Galaxy S4 after a marathon weekend from the perspective of a long-time iPhone user.- S-voice is nearly useless.  It cannot tell the difference between "Don" and "Dawn", and never seems to get street name correct, returning (almost) phonetically equivalent sentences.  I will really miss Siri, especially in the car.- The display is dim.  You do get used to it, and the colors are nice (I set it to cinema to get rid of cartoonish look), but when you pick up your old iPhone again it is shocking how much brighter it is- There's a lot more screen, but not a lot more useful screen.  YouTube videos and web browsing aside, I'm not seeing as much benefit as I thought I would with this huge screen.  There are a few things that contribute to this impression:o For text messages and emails, there is an extra row of keys across the top of the keyboard for numbers, and yet another extra row of word suggestions.  I love having the number keys there, but they do take space.o The font is larger.  This is somewhat adjustable, but the adjustment doesn't seem to be universal, and there isn't a lot of granularity in the size selection (x-large, large, normal, small, x-small I think).  Extra small isn't really very small.o To see a Text Message conversation, I haven't figured out how to hide the keyboard.o The widgets are large (more below).- Widgets and applications: I actually really like widgets, and using them to build a different screen for different activities (my workout page has a run tracker plus MP3 player, and my home page has the weather and my calendar).  However, I was surprised to find out that most useful widgets are rather large, and you can only fit two or three to a screen, and then only if there are no application shortcuts.o Email - There is no swipe-to-delete.  It feels like a step backwards; and again, the keyboard dominates the screen.o Text Messages - as I mentioned, it's hard to see a whole conversation.  I will have to talk to longtime Samsung owners at work about this one.o Phone - very large buttons - nice, I guess.  It works fine.o Web browser - the initial view of active windows that came up on the default browser (FireFox [EDIT: Chrome] is also included) had buttons that were too small to press reliably.  Let me remind you, this is a 5" screen, and exactly the type of thing I was trying to remedy with this phone.o The Motortrend app.  This application is completely unusable on this device.  I read articles using this app. a lot on the iPhone when I'm in a waiting room or otherwise bored, but on the SG4, you cannot read any of the articles - the text is microscopic.  There is an accessibility setting on the phone that provides magnification.  This was OK, but you have to continuously slide the now too-large text back and forth to read.  Not worth the trouble.  I think this is the "fragmentation" issue people mention when discussing Android.  The application was probably created for the least common denominator, which means it assumes a much lower pixel density, and the font was sized appropriately for that.- Usability - You have to get used to using a menu key and the physical back button instead of looking for back/delete buttons on the screen.  The menu key is context-sensitive, meaning the options vary by application.  Sometimes there is a delete key, and sometimes you hope there is a delete option on the menu.And then there is the over-scroll bounce patent workaround.  Occasionally lists just abruptly stop, but usually there is a blue glow to indicate you're at the end of something.  This can be slightly frustrating, because when the list is shorter than the screen you're not sure if it is lagging trying to scroll, or it's just a short list.  There is no blue glow in this case, but on an iPhone it would bounce, showing the linen pattern underneath.- Synchronization - This is a very weak area, and may ultimately prove to be the deal breaker for me.  Apparently Samsung has a robust version of something called "Kies" for Windows, which performs iTunes-like functionality for moving data between computer and phone, and can even work wirelessly.  The Mac version is the red-headed stepchild, and apparently it has a ton of issues with Mountain Lion, which I don't have yet.  I really don't appreciate a situation where my phone might prevent me from upgrading my computer OS, but there would be no other way to update the phone firmware.  And you can forget about all your iTunes playlists.- Performance - I'm sorry, but I don't know what the 4-core 1.9Ghz processor with 2GB RAM is up to.  Just for fun I installed a slide-to-unlock theme.  The slider couldn't keep up with my finger, and the moving highlight stuttered.  Scrolling through lists is still laggy, and every button press, though fairly responsive, has an almost imperceptible delay.  Everything responds 1/10th of a second later than you expect.  I'm not sure whether I can get used to this.- Battery - I took my iPhone 4s off charger on Sat at around 11 PM.  I kept my SG4 plugged in until 8AM this morning.  Both were fully charged when they were disconnected.  I've answered a couple of MMS messages that included pictures on the iPhone, and played with settings to try to stop routing everything through iMessage.  It's 4PM now and it has 86% charge.  I wrote two text messages on the Galaxy, played a portion of one song, and deleted an email.  It is currently at 76% charge.  So, though this is unscientific, the iPhone has been running for 17 hours (mostly standby) and has a lot more juice than the Samsung has after 8 hours (also mostly standby).  Yes, I have the Samsung on power saving mode but with a slight bump in display brightness (still much dimmer than iPhone).  The Samsung has BT and cellular enabled (no NFC or Wifi); the iPhone has Wifi and BT enabled.- Camerao I was really worried about low-light performance of the camera in the Galaxy based on comparisons between it and the HTC One (and iPhone 5).  It turns out you need simply select the night mode and it works acceptably well to my eye.That's about it for now.  I haven't decided whether to keep this beast or not.  The alternatives would be an iPhone 5, with what I still consider to be a too small screen, and the HTC One, which has a bright (LCD) screen but suffers from all of the other problems, though I read in several reviews it was less laggy, but also has an older OS version and is built by a company with a record of not providing much in the way of updates.  I hope I didn't offend any Samsung/Android fans - I really wanted to make this phone work.

I got mine at an AT&T outlet for $1!  (with contract)  My old phone was broken, and the person in the store tried to sell me on a $119 number, but when I saw this phone and what I could get it for, I snagged it.  MUCH better than the old Motorola I was using!  VERY pleased with performance, not to mention price!

Excellent smartphone with lots of featuresPros- good screen resolution,  camera with plenty of options works good in daylightCons- battery requires to be charged once in 24 hours even if not used, camera doesn't function well in low light.Overall Best value for the price. Excellent smartphone

First of all the battery life sucks.  I need to re-charge it every four hours.  And I have yet to figure out how to make it move with the swipe of my hand.  I have only had it two days so I will come back to edit my review later.

I love the galaxy s4.All the features on the phone is awesome. Except I only had one problem wish the battery would last longer than a day.***EDIT***After few days of usage of the galaxy s4 I really love the phone despite the battery life. I disabled everything that i don't use, still nothing. I even bought an extended battery to last longer. Still Nothin. I don't know what's going on if it could be the phone itself. I've been trying to google search to see if anyone is having the same issue. I've tried everything. My battery percent goes down pretty fast not even less than a minute and it doesn't last a whole day.Please let me know. If anyone else is having the same issue??I really love this phone.

Not sure how the other reviewer got their phone since I believe it was just released yesterday.  I got my phone this morning as a little bday gift to myself.  Haven't played with it too much with everything else going on but it's got a gorgeous screen.  It's so big and colors are sharp.  And I've finally got 4G to use my unlimited internet with, yay!  Just downloaded a bunch of my old apps on it and there was no lag with the phone or the internet.  Totally forgot I was using 4G and not wifi.  Oh for you girls, I've got medium size hands and I've been handling it one-handed.Pros:1) fast2) big screen3) easy to customize home screen - icons will shift themselves if you want to put one in a spot that is currently occupied4) can see battery percentage in top right corner5) drop down menu chock full of stuff - you can access the settings or get to different functions like driving mode easily6) camera has a gazillion options - the pic with sound is pretty cool and so is the one adding you into the picture one7) micro sd card slot and removable battery8) connected to my wireless printer with no troubleOnly 3 cons so far:1) power button is on the other side from the volume button so I have to make sure I dont have my index finger on the vol before I squeeze and push the power button.2) very thin and flimsy feeling - definitely getting a case for it3) air gestures seems gimmicky, can't get mine to workFor reference, I was using the motorola atrix prior to today.  Will update as I get to know it better.UPDATE 5/5/13:Still getting use to the new phone.  Thanks to someone's tip about the sensor being in the top left corner I've got one feature of the air gestures to work.  I really like the new side tab that works sorta like the pull down tab except it's loaded with apps.  It makes it easier to switch inbetween apps instead of going back to the homescreen or holding the home button for last used apps.  You can edit the apps that show up too.  Battery life is better than expected.  I figure with the bigger screen, a charge wont last as long as my old phone but it's about the same.  I can get 2 days light-moderate use (checking email, using gps and setting my alarm) on one charge with 25% left over so I'm not pushing it. Takes about 1.5hr to charge it up.

Phone still freezes where I have to restart phoneApplications on the don't work or close unexpectedly.  Features on the are hard to work

Great screen, brilliant color.  Lots of apps and setting options to personalize your look and functionality.I used to use the iphone 5, which I also loved.  However, I was craving a bigger screen and more flexibility.  This fit the bill :)

Full of features & functions that are not marketed.  iPhone is a good phone:  intuitive and slightly better camera quality, but this is a great phone, too.  Some of the camera features, like taking a photo of something & a selfie at the same time, is not a feature on the Apple device.  Can be controlled by voice, dictation, messages can be announced and read; weather can be read; scrolling through a document with eye gestures, enlarging a view with the swipe of a hand...and many more features need to be highlighted more, along with other capabilities.  They just didn't market these features with a cute name like Siri.'  If you are addicted to the iphone & have fallen prey to its stellar marketing or find it more prestigious to own, you will never be happy with the Galaxy.  But, it's a fantastic, forward designed product, and I am glad I switched.

I just want to say aside from the great price Amazon Wireless offered for the Galaxy S4 when signing a new contract with ATT, the process was seamless!!  We got our (2) phones the very next day.  I believe that is a lot quicker than if we had ordered through ATT and we probably would have had to pay shipping with ATT to get it any faster.  We got the phones so fast.  We are both extremely happy with the S4.  The features are amazing.  The SHealth and SVoice are AWESOME.  I recommend this phone and I recommend Amazon Wireless.

First smart phone for my wife.  Really likes it.  More features than she will use for a while.  Still trying to figure out why she had garbled voice reception for a week-end, but that may have been a network issue.

I have no complaints. The phone is beautiful and does everything that I need it to do. The size, high tech features, and design are all pluses.

I was debating between the 5S and G4, when i looked online that you can also do slow motion, and fast motion, video I went with the G4. I am not disappointed. I LOVE this phone!I have recently dropped my phone in water. After putting it in rice over night and letting it dry out, I have had no issues with this phone. Everything still works amazing on the phone. The battery life still lasts all day (unless of course I am playing games on it). I had an iphone at one point and dropped it in water and had to replace it to get it to work. If you are trying to decide between apple and samsung... samsung all the way!

This is a great phone for knuckleheads. If all you care about is social networking and games this is the phone for you. Personally I'm a fire fighter and need my smart phone to assist in responses for my community. It is the glitch master. It locks up and won't answer calls. It shuts off and restarts at the most inopportune times. It takes longer to send texts by constantly asking if I want another language. It was very bad about lagging on the touch screen but that can be fixed somewhat by changing the settings on the phone. I would advise anyone who could have an emergency situation that a phone may help not to buy the galaxy s4. Stick to the I phone

Ah the next scam for the public a new advanced toy that you can speak on. I am not an advocate of paying any service provider for data plans. If you reside in NYC like myself there are so many WIFI hot spots that you do not require 4 G or whatever speed these phones provide while not online. So you sign a contract with a provider for the mighty Samsung Galaxy and what do you get, a camera and video that is slightly better to that of the I phone 5, yet inferior to the Nokia Lumia 928 windows 8 phone. You do not have apps that are truly compatible with Microsoft office. You do have a sleek design, and the "cool" phone. Now do you need any of these phones? Not to sound like a conspirator, but with these phones, it just allows big brother to track you with built in GPS devices etc, and make "data mining easier" If you do not know what data mining is Google it.Most people I see are using this phone for music and gaming and perhaps some streaming when home, (video without WiFi is just not practical). The solution to the social disease, well with this phone (for Droid fans) this website offers something a lot more practical The Kindle Fire HD. The device has 32 GB or 64 as opposed to 8 or 16, for your gaming and video you have a choice between a 9-7' screen. The battery lasts approximately 12-15 hours not 5. It has WiFi and all of the same apps as the phone.  You can purchase one for a one time fee, and pay nothing month to month, and save yourself a ton of cash with a regular phone no matter who your provider is! So if you want to be fiscally smart, stay away from "the Smart phone" because with Android there is no advantage- just inconveniences, such as a poor battery, discourteous people in the gym who can't go a few hours without speaking to someone, and a fortune in battery replacements, and having to charge it every five hours. If you feel a tablet is too big then become an Apple person and purchase an I-touch- again same camera, same video, more storage and a battery that lasts a day-to two days. I would and have said the same thing regarding the I phone- Let's stop the madness!

I went from the original Droid, Samsung Infuse, Galaxy Nexus, HTC One X, Nexus 4, and now to Galaxy S4.This device is the best of all of these phones.I liked 5 inch Screen with high resolution the most. This is really nice for reading.I also liked the features on Touch Wiz SW. Some may complain about the SW/features being all over, but it is highly customizable.So, you can turn off the things you do not like or care.A lot of nifty tools have been baked in, so I ended up uninstalling a lot of apps I used to use. This is a good thing.I used to try out custom ROMs all the time, but I do not see the need for it with GS4. Again, feature rich and highly customizable.There are people complaining about the material being plastic and say aluminum is more premium material.I disagree. I saw HTC One at the at&t; store and its edges were already chipped. Aluminum is actually fairly soft metal.With its plastic back cover, I can replace it at $10 if I need to.Overall build quality is solid and I cannot understand some people saying it is like toys because of the use of plastic.Connecting with my old bluetooth device and control of apps like DoggCatcher for podcast works flawlessly.(I had issues with the same set up when using the HTC One X due to poor SW on it)Overall, my experience with GS4 has been very stable, consistent, and solid.I have not had the GS3, so I am not sure how much improvement they have made from it.But if anyone is coming from older gen android devices, you will really enjoy using this phone.

This phone gets reception in my den without me having to get up and sit next to a window.  Large screen for old eyes and easy to learn.

UPDATE#1: The battery life seems great, better than on the S3 even though the screen is larger and has a higher resolution than the S3. When I had my S3, I used to lose about ~3-5% of battery every two hours or so but with the S4, I seem to lose about ~1-2% so that's awesome. The phone comes with a ton of bloatware from AT&T;(I don't know about other carriers but I assume it's the same) and the only way to get a good battery is by removing all the bloatware. I was getting terrible battery life when I first got my phone but after reading online it seems that everyone suggests removing the bloatware for batter battery life. Like I said in my review, the snapdragon 600 uses very little battery when it is not being used so that's a big plus. I'm a heavy user and when I say heavy user, I mean heavy user. I do pretty much everything on my phone from taking a crapload of pictures/videos, watching YouTube videos, playing 3D games, phone calls and surfing the internet. At the end of the day the phone has about 30-35% of juice left. Also, one thing that I forgot to mention was the speakers on the phone. Samsung decided to move the speakers which used to be at the top near the camera on the S3 to the bottom of the phone which wasn't a good idea if you ask me. You can block the sound coming from the phone when holding the phone with your hand.-----------------It's been a week since I got my Galaxy S4 and this thing is super awesome. My previous phone was the S3 which I loved to death and this time I'm super excited to have the S4 in my hands. I had absolutely zero issues with the S3 but the S4 looks so sexy with the metal edges. I seriously don't understand why people buy an iPhone because let me tell you that the Galaxy S4 blows the iPhone 5 out of the water and every other phone out there. The Galaxy S4 wins hands down in every category compared to the iPhone 5. I was blown away by the performance of this phone. The Snapdragon 600 is blazing fast and uses far less battery than the S3. I can get through the day with a single charge and still have 30% left at the end of the day. I'm a heavy user so this says a lot about the phone. Even my family who loves the iPhone is blown away by this phone. My family just loves the big screen and the customization that it has compared to the iPhone 5. There are many reasons why I decided to go with this phone over the other smartphones on the market but the main reason is the screen size, camera, storage, processor and the battery life.These are some of the things that the Galaxy S4 has over the iPhone 5 and other high end phones:Pros:-Screen: The Galaxy S4 has a nice 5 inches Super AMOLED HD screen that makes everything stand out when viewing it. The resolution on this phone is a nice 1080 x 1920 (441ppi pixel density) which makes everything look sharp. The Gorilla Glass 3 is also much better at preventing the screen from cracking and scratching. I tried to scratch the screen with my car keys and nothing happened to the screen, impressive. It has a significantly higher resolution than the iPhone 5 (640 x 1136). Also, the iPhone 5 is only 4 inches which is way too small for most people.-Android OS: This phone ships with the most up to date version of Android, Android 4.2.2 (Jelly Bean) which is the fastest Android version yet. Samsung has added many new features to TouchWiz which is great. I'm not really a fan of TouchWiz but it seems that they have made many improvements to the UI.-Design: The design is sort of the same as the S3 which I have no problems with. The S3's design is sexy and very comfortable to hold in your hand and the same goes for the S4. If you loved the S3's design then you will love the S4's design even more, trust me. The phone feels a little bit lighter and thinner which is great. It has a nice feel to it that makes you want to hold the phone.-Camera: The primary camera on this phone is 13MP (4128 x 3096 pixels) and the front camera is 2MP that takes some of the best pictures I have ever seen. The front facing camera is great when you are Skyping or even taking pictures of yourself.-Battery: Samsung has decided to improve the battery capacity in S4 to 2600mAh that can easily last a full day with a single charge. I can get through a day with a single charge and still have 30% left at the end of the day. The battery life is one of the most important aspects when deciding which phone to buy for me because I travel a lot and I need a phone that can last a full day. My previous phone which was the S3 needed at least 2-3 charges to last through a day. The Snapdragon 600 does an outstanding job at using as little battery as possible.-Storage: With the option of an external sdcard, this phone simply destroys the iPhone 5. I can store as many pictures and HD videos as I want and it will never come close to being full. I am the type of person who stores large collections of pictures, videos, and movies and this phone lets me do all of that easily. I also play 3D games that require a minimum of 1-2GB of space and this phone is perfect for that.-Processor: The Qualcomm Snapdragon 600 (Quad-core 1.9 GHz Krait 300) does an amazing job at keeping this phone lag free and blazing fast. I have never experienced a slow down with this phone. I have even tested this phone by playing intensive games such GTA Vice City on the highest settings and there were no slowdowns whatsoever. I am very impressed with the processor in this phone.-Removable Battery: Who doesn't love this, seriously? This and the option of an external sdcard make this the best phone of the year. I always carry extra batteries whenever I travel somewhere and I can easily swap my battery with another one when the phone is low on battery. This is a big plus for this phone. Sucks to be an iPhone user!Cons:-None. As much as I want to think of something bad to say, there's simply nothing negative about this phone.Overall, I can safely say that Samsung has another winner in their hands. It's a great phone and it doesn't disappoint. With the amazing 1080p resolution, screen size, battery capacity and storage, this phone puts other phones to shame. The Galaxy S4 will be the best phone of 2013, mark my words!

I purchased this phone after doing a lot of research. I have had it several months now and still absolutely love it! I have had no problems with it whatsoever and it still has great battery life. I can't think of a single negative thing to say about it.

I love the Galaxy S4! The size is perfect! The camera takes GREAT photos! The sound isn't as loud as some other phones but this doesn't bother me.

The phone I have is through UScellular but the battery life is horrible !! It is at 20% after being charged 100% in 4.5 hours. I do not have game app downloaded yet because I had just got it 4 days ago. There are a lot of features but using them only decreases the battery life. I turned on the power saver but didn't really make a differents at all. The phone is fun but don't depend on it if you have no access of a charger. You can turn on the blocking mode but them you can not use it but does save battery.You will have incoming calls but if not in your contacts, the phone will not ring. Hope this helps :)

I am impressed by the functionality of this phone.  The swiping text feature is a great improvement from typing on a phone screen.  The learning curve for this phone is the only negative.

This phone is awesome and there's so much to do to customize it. I recommend this phone to any and everyone.

Overall the phone is quite a many steps up over (shall I be bold as to say) an iPhone. The screen is by far the most elegant piece of hardware on it. The processor and memory do a great job of handeling most if not all applications currently available. However, I do find that the memory usage tends to stay pretty high and often needs clearing to free up resources. Not a huge deal, but something to keep in consideration. All in all it's a great phone. Slim, fast, and elegant with relatively few problems.

Love this phone!! Thought I would never part with my iphone... saying good bye for now! Bigger brighter screen,  better camera. Overall just a better device love everything about it!!!

Best cell phone out there! Super fast, takes great pictures and has these awesome gadgets that make life much easier.  As a mom I feel this phone does the job nicely.  Purchased this from Amazon and saved about $100! Love it.

I have been following the reviews from a lot of sites including phonearena.com, gsmarena.com, cnet.com and watched a lot many videos about Samsung Galaxy 4 (SG4) before I purchased this device. All of them provided a very good and decent feedback about the phone.The phone is sleek & light, good battery, amazing camera, the high quality resolution is flawless. The screen is just perfect, if you have an average palm size. The performance of the apps is too good. The upload and download speeds are superb.I added a new line on my existing AT&T; contract. I was using an iPhone 4S, and swapped the SIM cards between the phones. The download/Upload speeds on AT&T; network on iPhone were 6.6Mbps/2Mbps Vs 31.99Mbps/19.58Mbps. I guess the same should have been the case with iPhone 5.A very recommended product.

This is a really great phone and has lasted a year now. I expect to get another year out of it despite the amount of times I have dropped the phone. The ability to connect to 4G LTE is huge!

The 16Gb model only has 9Gb available. Samsung has loaded 7Gb of crap that you CANNOT delete.Salesman said - "No problem, you can add 64Gb memory card."You can, and I did, but that memory CANNOT be used for programs - only pictures.ATT charges $35 for me to get a different phone within 14 days - even though they lied to me about it's capabilities.Not good.

Never pay for full coast of the cell phone  bc AT&T will not unlocked try to make more money DON'T BUY THIS ITEM

My Samsung Galaxy S4 was the best phone I've ever had, . . for 9 months. My son and wife have iPhones and I often showed them features of the Galaxy that were not available on the iPhone. However, after 9 months, the phone would no longer charge when powered on. It would charge when powered off though. The phone comes with a "1 year warranty" so I called and opened a repair ticket with them.When I sent the phone in, I was very confident Samsung would repair or replace the phone for several reasons:- I hadn't done anything to harm the phone (never dropped it or got it wet)- It'd been in an Otterbox Defender case since day 1 which protected the phone very well- Samsung's customer service HAD been INCREDIBLE in the past. I bought a Samsung refrigerator in 2009 with 2 ice makers - 1 of which was defective after just a few weeks. About 2 weeks after I'd initially reported the problem to Samsung, they called me to ask if I was happy with the repair and customer service I'd received. I told them the service tech was still waiting on parts to come in. They told me I'd been waiting too long and said they would just REPLACE the refrigerator!! I couldn't believe it. I thought this is the kind of company I won't hesitate to buy products from and told many people about the incredible customer service I'd received.However, it seems a lot has changed in the past few years. I came home this evening and there was a message from Samsung stating that I needed to pay for the repair of my phone because "it was out of warranty, due to condition".I called Samsung, and the first person I spoke to told me that a technician had examined the phone. The technician reported that there was water damage to the LCD screen. I told the person I'd never gotten the phone wet. Now I know the majority of you reading this are thinking I got the phone wet. Honestly, I NEVER got the phone wet! The person told me, all they could do was go by what the technician said and that if I wanted the phone repaired, it would cost me approx $160. I insisted I'd never gotten the phone wet. In fact, I told the person, before sending the phone to Samsung, while researching what might be wrong with the phone, I found that there are stickers placed on the battery and on the phone to indicate if the phone had ever been wet. I told the person, I had examined the stickers before shipping the phone to Samsung and both stickers indicated the phone had never been wet. However, all she offered to do was accept my payment or return the phone to me without being repaired. After seeing I was not making any headway with this person, I asked to speak to her supervisor.The supervisor, Jamie, was absolutely no help at all. I'm not sure how Jamie could even call himself a customer service rep, let alone a supervisor. After listening to my complaint he gave me the same 2 options the first person gave me (as if they were from a script) - he "told" me he "understood" my complaint but it was quite obvious he didn't care at all. He gave me 2 options:- pay to have the phone repaired- ship it back to meI insisted I had not damaged the phone and had never gotten it wet and refused to pay to have it repaired. I told him I have a $1300 television and $2000 refrigerator with Samsung's name on them, and many other Samsung products in my house, but if Samsung is no longer willing to stand behind their products, I will not be purchasing them anymore. Again, like a broken record, Jamie told me he "understood" and repeated my 2 options.At this point I told him that, "he didn't understand!", and that if he did, at a minimum, he would have offered to contact the technician to re-evaluate the phone. I told Jamie I would not be paying to have the phone repaired, and to do whatever he wanted to do and hung up.A short time later, I received an e-mail from Samsung stating: "We regret to inform you that your service order has been Cancelled by Agent.Cancelled Reason: Customer Request (by agent) "i contacted Verizon and asked if they could help in any way. They referred me to the "Voice of the Customer" link on Samsung's website. I sent them an e-mail that contained essentially all of the information above and this was the response I received. . .&lt;Begin of response from Samsung>Thank you for contacting Samsung Telecommunications America.After reviewing your email, we understand that you want information on the Repair service of the device.We apologize for the inconvenience caused to you.We have checked the information for you, As per the service ticket the device has Liquid damage on the LCD and hence as per Samsung Policy the device is Out Of Warranty. We would also like to inform you that as you were unwilling pay for the repair the ticket has been cancelled and as per Samsung Policy we cannot keep the device at the service center until the payment is done.We once again apologize for not able to assist you.Please feel free to get back to us, if you have any further queries. We will be glad to assist you.Should you have more questions regarding your Samsung Mobile Phone, you can also reach out to our chat support team by accessing the following link. Live Chat is available 24 hours a day 7 days a week. Have a wonderful day!Link: [...]Thank you for your continued interest in Samsung products.Sincerely,Reese,Technical Support.&lt;Begin of response from Samsung>So, it comes down to my word against theirs. I can tell you this, I will NEVER EVER buy another Samsung product and hopefully this review will convince at least one person not to buy their products either.

I have to be honest and say that this is the best phone I have ever owned!!!..and this is coming from an ex iphone owner!!..the features on the Galaxy s4 are unmatched!!..I mean its sooo many different things this phone can do like last night 4 example..I was watching a video on facebook and I was able to go out of the app into several others with the vid still playing in my screen sorta like picture in picture!!...oh my god and the voice commands just have me in awe as well!..I was at work and was able to say the word "reject" and it sent the call to voicemail..also one day I was in my kitchen preparing dinner and my hands were dirty from handling raw chicken..I just simply said the word "answer" and not only did it pick up the call , but it placed it on speaker phone as well. Great phone!!!.I recommend you get one as well..

Love it!

After five years on the Apple train, it was time for me to change it up. I was bored with the same old design and little-to-no innovation, both in software and hardware. I switched from the iPhone 4S to the Galaxy S4 over a month ago, and have yet to be let down in any way. First off, you can't beat the price. Only cost me $168 (with Prime shipping) and came in a couple of days. I didn't realize just how awful the iPhone screen was compared to the S4. Watching Netflix is a breeze now (and looks darn good) compared to the iPhone I had. The quickness and ability of this phone has captured my attention and has me locked in for the next round. I'm glad I made the switch!

The Galaxy S4 was a great deal on Amazon Mobile, and the phone arrived on-time.  There are a few things I don't like about the phone, and there are some things I like.PROS:-It sports a 5&#34; screen which is great, and the screen is very vibrant in my opinion.-Jelly Bean 4.3 has worked terrifically on this phone, and there really isn't any lag.-Speakerphone works pretty well, and the speakers are loud.-Attractive design with the metallic looking bezel and form factor makes it fit well in my hand.-13MP rear camera takes very good pictures, and the HiDef recording is also a plus.CONS:-Battery drains very quickly on this phone. (External battery backup is highly recommended for this phone)-Some games do lag with graphics.-The phone does crash multiple times even after the latest update.-Samsung's &#34;Smart Scroll&#34; feature doesn't work half the time, and a lot of those &#34;cool&#34; features only work at least for my device when I am in really bright sunlight.All in all it is a good phone, but I don't in my opinion think it was worth going from as S3 to an S4. Too bad the S4 didn't have the same mAH battery that is found in the Note 2 which I have used in which the battery could go through the whole day without a charge. I would still recommend this phone to someone who wants an Android phone.

Overall very happy with phone, learning a lot of cool things.Only problem ....... need more battery life!Other than that, wish I had got this phone sooner.Way better than overrated iPhone.

Very good features. Amazing phone. Like the battery life. Very good for watching videos, nice texting features. Finally very good product.

this works great no problems at all it has everything I need and some ,very  reliable  you wont go wrong

great phone

im  abig fan of samsng products recently how they are coming up with new innovations and creative concepts. i like this phone a lot which does lot more than a apple phone (according to me apple is just a brand name they dont usually give user much. apple is all about apple how thin they made or their new glass big screen blah blan) the truth is companies besid apple have landed on moon but apple still says we are apple.

I have been using the S4 for a month now and I just have to say that I love it. I was using a S3 before and I love all the features there and it looks like this phone has all of those plus more.

The phone generates more heat, not able to keep in pocket for more time. else the phone is very good.

I love this phone. It does what I want it to and not what it wants to. Thank you and God Bless. Bill

My first smart phone and I love how easy it is to use! It has and does everything I wanted in a phone and the battery does well compared to  other smart phones in my family. After seeing what it does, my mom wants one now!!

This phone is wonderful with all it's features, another Samsung product that didn't disappoint.  The screen is big enough and very crisp and sharp.

Love it

This phone is beautiful, well-made, fast, sturdy, with a gorgeous screen. But, as has been widely reported, there's not a whole lot of space on it.  Many of Samsung's features are useful, but much of them are solutions looking for a problem (the smart scrolling, when it works, is not very compelling.) There's also a LOT of redundant apps. For virtually every great Google app, there is an inferior Samsung app - Chrome and Internet; Play Music and Music Player; Play Store and Samsung Hub. It's kind of insulting - it assumes the end user is unable to figure out how to find their own favorite apps.There are also issues with bloat. There are numerous very, very poorly made AT&T; apps that vary in usefulness (like messaging, which is useful, and AT&T; Navigation, which is not free and far less useful than Google Maps, which is.) Most of these apps don't look as though they've been modified much since Froyo, and they don't look great on this phone's resolution. Happily, though none of these apps can be removed completely, they can be disabled so the OS pretends they do not exist.The last problem is one of the weirdest and most frustrating though it's somewhat minor. The AT&T; version of this phone had disabled autocorrection in the keyboard. It makes no sense. The keyboard app used the amazing SwiftKey as a back end, but it will not actually use it to correct typos automatically. I've held this phone up next to a Sprint counterpart, and the option is available. Complaining to AT&T; does nothing - they have confirmed it's there, but will not say if an update will correct it. The bottom line is it is defective by design.So, the bottom line is this is a beautiful, useful phone with amazing hardware that is hobbled by it's questionable software.

Its a very good phone and has great features. Great camera and love the ability to use front or back camera. Makes great pics. Love ability to use speak features.  ITs  a wonderful phone all around.

I bought this phone at a local retailer on July 15th. It is September 23rd, and it is already physically busted. I am not hard on it. It is in a case. I did not drop it.Problem: It won't charge unless I hold the cable at the right angle. Probably just loose solder inside.Here's my chat with Samsung so you can get a taste of the Samsung support you can expect.===Visitor: I think my Samsung S4 solder for the usb port is coming loose.Visitor: when i plug in the usb cable and hold it with pressure toward me (facing me) it charges -- but if I don't apply pressure it does not chargeFernanda: I understand that the charging port on your device is loose. Is that correct?Visitor: I believe soVisitor: I'm wondering what options I have with regards to service. i have not had the phone long.Fernanda: I am sorry to know that. I will be glad to assist you with the information.Fernanda: May I please know the model number of your phone so that I may help you better? It is generally found in Menu > Settings >  About phone or beneath the phone's battery which generally starts with SGH, SCH, SPH or GT.Visitor: SGH-I337 - it's the white at&t; phoneFernanda: Thank you.Visitor: 7/15 is the day i bought itFernanda: In this regard, I request you to contact our voice support team who will assist you with the sending your device for service.Fernanda: We will bring the device in for evaluation and the repair technician will determine if the cause of damage is due to a  manufacturing defect or an external source. If a manufacturing defect is found, the device will be repaired and sent back  to you at no cost, if under warranty. If the damage was not caused by a manufacturing defect, you will receive an email  with the option to pay for repair.Fernanda: The TAT (Turn-around-Time) for the phone service is 2- Business days shipping + 5-7 Business days for Service + 2-Business  days shipping.Visitor: can i just take it to best buy as they are listed as a samsung repair center?Fernanda: I would like to inform you that Best buy representatives are not authorized to repair devices.Visitor: is there a loaner program that at&t; has -- so i am not without my only phone for 9-11 days ?Fernanda: I do understand your concern.Fernanda: In this regard, I request you to contact At&t; and check with the options available at their end.Fernanda: You can contact AT&T; support at 1-888-333-6651.Visitor: is there a way to pay to get expedited service?Visitor: are there ANY physical places i can take my phone to get evaluated in Seattle, WA?Fernanda: I would like to inform you that the only authorized Samsung service center is in Plano, Texas.Visitor: WOWVisitor: I am stunned.Visitor: ok then. i do plan on posting this chat to my social networks.Visitor: you have done your job - it's just that samsung (as a company) cannot do theirs.Fernanda: I apologize for any inconvenience caused.Fernanda: I would have certainly provided you with other options if available with us.Visitor: i understand.Visitor: might i suggest trying to get a new call center job. :P this is not my first terrible experience with my samsung phone, and i've certainly discouraged all my friends from purchasing one.Visitor: in any event... thanks for the info. i'll see if at&t; can help me. i might just buy out my phone contract to get away from samsung.Fernanda: I again apologize for any inconvenience caused.Fernanda: Please let me know if you have any more questions for me.Visitor: your apologies are fine - it's just stunningly bad how samsung has been.Visitor: nope.Visitor: you should go on to your next caller.Fernanda: It was a pleasure assisting you. Thank you for contacting Samsung Technical Support. If you have a minute, please click on the blue "X close" button to receive a transcript of your chat and fill out a brief survey to help us serve you better. Have a wonderful day!===Buyer Beware!===Update : FWIW, at a co-worker's suggestion, I found that using a different USB cable (the Amazon Basics one specifically) fixes the problem -- for now.

Great smart phone! Lovin' it! All the features anyone could ever use. Responsive screen, good battery life. wouldn't change a thing!

Galaxy S4 is an incredible phone. I have been using this unlocked S4 for past 2 days helping a friend to migrate from iPhone 4S. My friend has been on iPhone and it also gave me a unique perspective. I used iPhone for couple of years and been using Android for past 3+ years. use 50% of features, but told him to explore one feature at a time and focus on that. I tried multiple apps to demonstrate to my friend. In the end, my friend was impressed with what all Android and in particular S4 had to offer. Smooth and Stunning display!

This phone is truly awesome!  Samsung outdid themselves with this one. A must have!!! I'm still trying to figure out why there are so many iPhone users?!?!

LOVE IT!  I have had it for a month and I still don't know how to use all the features!  it charges very fast, clear screen, and easy to work.  I love how almost all features can be custom to my preferences.  I adore how I can easily turn off mobile data, so I won't run up my bill with data usage.  The talk to text works much better than my previous android phone.  Not to mention it is super fast!  Love it and have made my iphone using husband a bit jealous with just the blocking mode feature!

She came from an iphone 4 so of course this phone is godlike to her lol. its a good phone and specs are really good. its plagued by samsungs terrible software and slow carrier updates but i rooted it with cyanogenmod 11 and its a beast.

Some of you will see that the back is plastic and think a phone can't be sophisticated and fancy without being metal or glass. All I know is, this plastic doesn't scratch, keeps it's sheen, and puts up with my manhandling of it (without a case most of the time).The battery also lasts a considerable amount of time. I'm pretty much a power user (probably on my phone no less than 15 minutes every hour of the day on average) and I take my phone off the charger at 6:30am and it lasts all the way until 9pm with heavy use, including tethering, videos, and the processes I've used to customize my phone I'll describe below.The screen is responsive and beautiful. Most reponsive touchscreen I've used and I'm a former iPhone user. I also love the features Samsung built into the Android Software - Split screen capability with apps - with a 5in screen, using 2 apps at once is nice when you need it. Maps and Email for example, or Texting and Facebook at the same time.Android is the most customizable of all the OS's and I've added &#34;Aviate&#34; to replace the default launcher and Cover to replace the default lockscreen. I've also added Tasker, worth the $2.99 for an app that lets you AUTOMATE EVERYTHING. Want your phone to go silent when you get to work, and back off silent when you leave, without ever having to take it out of your pocket? TASKER. Want your WIFI to turn off when you leave home to save battery, and back on when you get home to save data? TASKER.I also use this phone for business, I'm a real estate agent, and the reliability of calls, Data Service with AT&T;, and longevity of battery, combined with expansive Google Services (Gmail, Drive, G+, Google CloudPrint) and great business minded apps (Dropbox, Docusign, and more). I couldn't be more impressed with how easily I can use this device to manage both my personal and professional lives.

I had this phone for about a month and it's working great. Arrived the day after I purchased it, which was surprising to me.

Just imagine I spent $699 for unlocked Samsung S4, and i received a $119 Locked Samsung S4. Guess what, i left US few days ago to Angola (Africa) and i can't use or return the cellphone, who continuously asks me for SIM network unlock code.If i could, i rated 0 stars. I'm so sad.

I really did. This is my second time trying out the S4. Touchwiz ruins the Android experience. The user interface (UI) is a jittery, jerky, stuttering, spastic mess. To all of those who say iPhone 5 is better, you're right. The iPhone 5 IS better than this phone. For a phone with this hardware it should be a smooth experience. And the "new features" are pretty useless. You find yourself never using them. There's nothing practical about waving your hand across your phone when you can flip through or scroll with the thumb on the hand you're holding it with. Multi Window is not a must have. The eye/face tracking thing takes too long to capture your face/eye movement. I'm waiting on the Nexus 5 and KitKat. I want pure Android. I'm sick of the bloatware and useless stock apps. Thanks a lot, Samsung. This device could have gone into the "Hall of Fame" of smartphones. Instead you butchered it with your buggy software.Touchwiz is from Satan. I work with a guy who just bought the Note 3. I even noticed a tiny bit of stutter when I swiped through homescreens on it. All that sweet hardware being held back by mediocre software.

Phone arrived with new sim card missing.  This is upsetting because we purchased through Amazon for convenience.  Now we still have to go to the store.

I really like this phone. Purchased for my gf son and he absolutely has enjoyed having this phone and has had no complaints...mind you he is a 17year old in HS, uses multiple social media networks, music downloads, instagram, you name it...

looked at phones for 6 months, finally went with Samsung. Couldn't be happier. All of the phones have something but none have it all. I felt that this was the overall best value with its offerings. You probably need to decide for yourself what you want in a phone but you won't be disappointed in this one.

I just bought this on Saturday from the At&T; Store. I'm switching from the iPhone and waited for a long time to get this phone. I had it 4 days and it developed a small cresent shaped chip at the bottom of the screen. I take great care of my gadgets and am very responsible, it was never dropped, or hit in any way. My phone always goes in a pocket with nothing else and the glass against the screen to protect it. Last night I used it, put it in my pocket, drove home and when I got home it had that small chip in the screen. I didn't drop it, run in to anything, or did anything that would have made this crack. I took it back to At&T; store where they told me there was nothing they could do because it was accidental damage and Samsung told me the same. I had my iPhone for 4 years and never had a scratch but this didn't last 4 days despite being really careful with it. Now its a very small 1/8 inch by 1/2 inch chip that doesn't extend into the screen and doesn't effect the function and with the case its hard to see so it's not really bothering me too much but if this is a sign of its durability its going to be a long 2 years.ProsI love it! I was worried about switching to android but I really like the OS. It's so nice to be free from Apple! If your afraid to switch don't be.The Camera is awesome. Takes nice pictures and video.ConsDurability is huge question mark. Get a case and get a good one. If I get a tiny chip from taking excellent care of it, if you drop it your probably going to left with a pile of dust.Support- you won't get any. I think if I had bought an iPhone and had the same issue with it Apple would have replaced it.

It's a good phone but it keeps turning off and when we download an app for the phone it does not download correctly to the device and does not show up anywhere on the phone.  What type of warranty do we have on this phone from ordering it through Amazon from AT&T servicer???  I now have to take it to a local store to see if they can fix it.

I get this phone defective've written several times and I do not answer, the S4 samsung they sent me I still get blocked and can not use the phone requests PIN code took several months writing and do not respond.this phone was bought samsung S4 internationally unlocked and not true.

Moving to S4 from iPhone was a big decision and while it is a good product it is not great.iPhone is much more user friendly, easy to operate and a right size...sorry my comparison is with iphone because thats what I used for few years..If you make up your mind you can use this thing, camera is exceptional, big screen is awesome and at the end of the day I am not going back to iphone, I am working my way out!

Excellent phone.  Many features.  I am still learning to use it.  It was highly recommended to me by my computer smart son-in-law.

I loved my gs3 then got gs4. If you have gs3 skip this one. It has nothing new worthy for the upgrade.  Also after 4.3 update Samsung screw up big time. Compared to 4.2.1 gs4 battery life decrease,  random heat up,  random lag.  My over night idle drain 20% battery. Phone screen off and on wifi.Quality of Samsung is FailI paid brand new when it first got released.Screen has purple tint defect on top 1in of screen.Att replaced it with refurh.4 weeks later the inner screen (not the glass) cracked by itself.Mailed it to Samsung and they agreed it's a defect and replaced my screen.Wasted 4 weeks of my time.So I paid for brand new phone and end up with a refurb then a refurb with a replaced screen!Anyway I will never again buy another Samsung phone.After the repair my phone has green tint issues and camera make clicking so everything the flash turn on and off.Called Samsung again and they give me the same scripted bs and told me to mail it in again and be without phone for another 4 weeks.  I told them no thanks. Sadly I'm still stuck with this pos!Samsung even pull their 4.3 update then reissue it a month later. Samsung is hhorrible with the software side.

......but the S4 fills all my needs. I was a little leery about ordering from  Amazon, but I had absolutely zero problem activating the phone and setting it up was a breeze. I've had mine for about 3 months and it's been very stable and the battery consumption is much better than I experienced with my old Rezound. I switched from Verizon to AT&T in the process and couldn't be happier.

Love my samsung. The picture quality is awesome I love the tools my only complaint is that somehow I always call people after I'm done texting. Other than that I love it.

My wife broke the screen on her first phone (S3) and the phone would not charge so I bought her this one and she loves it.  It came a week before I expecting to see it!  The only pain was getting all the info from her old phone to the new one since I couldn't get her old phone to work with a usb plug.  Transferred everything using Wondershare which worked.

I was very lucky to get a black friday sale and got this phone for .01! Although I was prepared to spend up to $150 with upgrade and it would have been worth that! Amazing phone, and now that Google Play has plenty of apps no need to sit with my small iphone screen. The large screen is great for watching videos and even non mobile websites feel easy to navigate.

Over heat, camera is not working, unable to see photos, get frozen, get black screen, unable to use factory reset, and it is a brand new phone.

The battery is not so good. I have to charge everyday. When I play, the temperature is pretty high in the back, which makes me feel like it will explode...

works great ! One of the best phones I've ever had! I would recommend to anyone that likes android phones

This phone has been extremely impressive since day one I received it. Just the capabilities this phone has to offer has excelled my last phone, the Motorola Photon.

What can I say but what a phone. Great quality. Great camera. Great apps. Great for watching movies and reading. What else can I say but Great Phone,

Samsung galaxy S4 is by far the best phone I've ever had. Was so used to iPhones that I thought I would be disappointed but the S4 is a superior phone.  Only downside is in my opinion iTunes is head and shoulders above google play.

Love the phone. Have problems with it sometimes but I remove the battery alot to refresh the phone. Would not have choose any other phone

I didn't purchase this through Amazon.  But I had a Galaxy S3 and I was due for an upgrade so I figured I would switch to the HTC thinking that S4 couldn't be much different than the S3.  I was totally wrong!!  I love the fact of being able to run your TV through your phone, I loose my remote all the time and this handy feature helps me out.  Also, the fact of using two apps at once helps great esp if you text a lot and browsing the internet.  The picture is amazing.  The screen is a tad bigger also.  The battery life for me; which all depends on the user, is not bad at all.  It also charges quickly.  S Voice is a whole better than the S3 and Siri from the Iphone stage that I went to for a couple of months.  Overall happy with my uprade/purchase.  If your looking for a great phone, get this one!!

I'll recommend this to all my friends, to all friends that are using small IPHONE. this is way better than the tiny screen iPhone.

This phone is crazy. I got it one year back and honestly was a bit unhappy about the software. However an incident changed my views 4 weeks back. I dropped my phone into a river. It was a 50 feet fall. The phone went and hit the rocks. The water was flowing very fast so we could not go and take the phone out so we decided to leave it there. The next day (20 hours later) i went and took it out with no hopes of saving it. I kept it under the lamp for 3 weeks. I started my phone two days back and boom it works perfectly fine. The screen, sounds, button everything is working. I totally love it. Thanks Samsung.

Bought my Samsung galaxy S4 on 05/2013. After about 5 months the phone rebooted several times. Finally 1 week ago, the screen went off (black screen) so now I can not even use the phone at all. I had motorolla atrix and iphone in the past none of them had a screen problem. This is the first Samsung phone and will be my last one.Very disappointed with the quality of Samsung product.

This is one great phone all around superfast very light and a lot of great features and I strongly recommend this phone hands-down

This phone really should be a five star product in most nearly every aspect. It has a removable battery and expandable storage for a mini micro SD card. The five inch super amoled screen is quite lovely. It's lightweight and the size of the device is very manageable even with the Trident Aegis case I'm using with it. Call quality is certainly better than on my iphone 5s. What's the problem then? Well, it's actually a pretty big one for me. In fact, it's a deal breaker! This phone constantly lags and even freezes at times. Sometimes, it requires restarting the device. I have to constantly go in to settings to clear out the ram. The Touch Wiz UI simply overwhelms the internals despite the 2 Gigs of ram. (Prior to this device, I owned a Galaxy Note 2 which worked much more seamlessly despite being a prior generation device.) I wish I had purchased the Note 3 instead. I suspect it can much better handle the Touchwiz user interface due to its 3 gigs of ram. Also, I miss have the larger phablet sized screen. So, I can not recommend the S4 despite liking so much about the phone. However, these lagging/freezing issues could possibly be alleviated somewhat when the kit kat update becomes available. But, that's probably more wishful thinking than anything else! Oh, there's one feature that truly annoys me which is S voice. I went into settings and deactivated it altogether. It seems redundant when Google voice is so superior. If you can manage with a costlier and larger device, you may want to consider the Note 3. I base that on my experience with the Note 2 and the positive things that I've discovered about the similar S4. I also own an Iphone 5s which I do like a great deal. However, the 4 inch screen is simply too small for my comfort. My wife also has an Iphone and is quite delighted with hers. But, once again, the Samsung Galaxy S4 is a no go for me because of the lagging and freezing issues caused by Touchwiz! -Charlie

high speed processor and amazing functions.i want to recommend everyone.samsung galaxy s4 is better than everything else, great.

The phone itself is decent.  Samsung's OEM craplets make the phone frustrating to use at times.  If you can re-image it with a pure version of Android it works better.  Camera doesn't seem to take very good pictures.  Screen is nice though, and it's very light.  Battery life is decent, but doesn't come charged.

Awesome gadget. Fast shipping too.

I've always been a fan of samsung and this phone is great. Its fast and runs plenty of apps and games.

I've had an iPhone since 09/2007.  Switched to this phone in July or August 2013.  WAY DIFFERENT. I was expecting this.  Can't fault it for being a different product.  After 3 or 4 months of using this, however, it is still very counter-intuitive to use.  Wish I still had an iPhone.  On top of this, my phone got really glitchy, developed a very short battery life, and the earpiece stopped working.  I got a &#34;new&#34; refurbished phone about a month ago and have noticed the battery life is again becoming dreadfully short.  Like, wake up at 9AM on a day off and have to plug it in by 2PM kind of bad battery life.  Ridiculous.
