
I did an upgrade on my line believing i was gonna get the new version not happy. not cool Buyers BEWARE, I recently bought this phone through Amazon and I started to have problems because Sprint updated their Network to Spark the new LTE. Here is the Problem Samsung have 2 version of the S4 for sprint one with tri band that allow the phone to connect to Spark and another without. The Phone Amazon is selling is the old version that doesn't work with Spark. Now I'm having ton of problems because my phone is not capable of receiving service,I Cant received calls, text messages or data.I contacted Amazon but they don't want to do anything because all they have is the old version in stock.Spend 49.99 at best buy or sprint but don't get it here. Rip Off!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Easy to set up  ..languageeasy to write using  note2 pena little confused but it's OK ..because honestly iPhone was so simple

I love my phone, but am still waiting for the day when camera phones are equal quality in both camera and phone. Don't get me wrong it is good, but the pictures I have taken so far in lower light situations are 'okay.'  I am a fan of android despite being a mac devotee for my computers. (I always wonder why every single iphone user I know has a cracked screen (but then again, I keep my S4 in a decent wallet case (see Bear Motion's lineup). Back to the camera ...sure the Nokia Lumia 1020 seems to have an impressive camera, but it is a windows phone....not my personal preference. In the meantime, The S4 is a great android phone with some interesting features, but I find the camera good, not great.

I love my Galaxy S4!! It takes great pictures, and I am pleased with the speed. I only purchase Samsung phones. They just seem to get better and better.

The s4 rocks. Love the large hd screen and the camera is great too!! Only gripe is that it's too slippery.

The best phone I have ever had. Way better than the iPhone. Easy to understand and has everything I need and more!

It is an upgrade from the S3. She is very happy with this purchase. Fast sleek and easy to use.

Got this product almost free (.01) and since I'm a prime member I got the phone in 2days, it was ready to go all set up just had to turn on and connect to wifi and it did the rest....I got one from Amazon and the other from best buy (upgrade) and they took 2 hours (1hr of waiting and the other to set it up), given it was during black Friday days but given that experience I will from now on only go through amazon...

Sweet deal...got this phone for a penny. I couldn't be more satisfied with the purchase. I would buy it again in if i had to.

Super duper!! So many features I haven't even scraped the surface on them yet. It takes great pictures, and Video's. The slow-motion setting is so much fun. Three different speeds. It has a very fast response, much better reception than the Old SII I had, bigger screen, (its actually longer, not wider.) I was going to purchase the Note 3, but the price kept me from it. I got the GALAXY tab 3 from sprint for a great deal, so it was the bigger screen I was looking for, then got a super Black Friday deal From Amazon on the S4. Perfect pair. The S4 is lighter faster and so many more features than the Old SII. I'd recommend it to anyone wanting a new phone (WAY BETTER THAN THE iPhoney) So go get one, oh yeah you can get 4GLTE as well !!!!

The phone has a known issue that it randomly stops being able to charge. you plug it in and nothing happens. I've tried battery swaps and countless different chargers. Reading forums, it sounds like a known issue and Samsung has done nothing.

I went to Sprint and got a Galaxy s4 and was not very pleased with it.  It really is a nice phone and the screen is huge, I like that you can change the font on your settings.What I didn't like was the sensitivity of the phone.  The camera functions are too sensitive.  The quality of the picture not good.I carefully studied this phone.  Last night my friend who had a galaxy 3 showed me her phone and the quality of her camera was better than mine and she has had it for almost a year.The battery goes out within four hours.I think I had a defective phone.  I went with the Iphone 5 and will wait for the upgrade.  The carrier I was with did give me a full refund with the accessories included which I appreciate it.  Reason why I didn't want to take a chance with Sprint was because of the two year contract.  I ended up losing my package with ATT which was my old carrier but I am ok with who I am with now.So Iphone users think twice about switching.  But you can give it a try and see it for yourself.

I waited and waited for my contract to renew so I could get say goodbye to my Galaxy S2 and get the Galaxy S4.  I would rather have not waited, but I'm really happy with the Galaxy S4.  Voice calls are so much better than the S2.  The features are outstanding, although I may never use all of them.  I'm discovering something new all the time. The colors are brilliant. To think that 20 plus years ago the thought was that people wouldn't adapt to carrying hand-held tablets or devices.  This is probably what was imagined.  There are so many cool things about this phone, most are just fun to have.  Big fan of Samsung.

love it and glad to have it, the I-phone I had cannot compare to the samsung phone, it is wonderful

it great , but how to activate the phone, and open the lock. because i will go back to China. thanks.

This was an upgrade for one of our phones.  We were replacing a Samsung Galaxy SII; so the bells and whistles that come with this device is a major improvement.

My daughter loves the phone she got for her birthday...still finding new things out about it a month later. I would recommend this phone and Amazon to anyone I know!

I love this phone... I'm trying to learn all uses of the phone since it's a new phone for me...

Very happy with this phone.  I am a hard core vanilla android user and usually use google devices, but with sprint my options have been limited.  I have been using this phone with cyanogenmod and very happy with the speed and quality of the devices, while not sacrificing my hatred for bloated software from manufacturers.With that said, the samsung software is very nice with some features not available on any other phone, it just wasn't for me.  Device wise, this was one of the best devices on the market when I purchased it.

This Galaxy s4 has to be the best phone on the market. We were amazed by it's dependability and great features! Recommend to anyone!

Does too much. LoL. needs a better contact linking/calendar syncing/syncing in general feature. You have to do each one individually, as with other phones it doesn't do it automatically, but it gives suggestions. You can only do one match at a time per service or app. My only con beside Needing better widgets like the HTC brands. Wait for the LG G2 in my opinion, I wish I did.

I'm in Saudi Arabia, this device does not support SIM cardAnd did not tell me when you purchased .. Did not take advantage of the device only a great loss

I love this phone ,design, technology, easy to use all around just impressed with all it can doWouldn't trade it for an I phone

I switched from Apple and am not clear this was a good thing for me.  I miss Itunes and Pandora.  I am still trying to understand why the battery life is so low on this product.  Hopefully I will become a loyal fan.

The Samsung Galaxy S4 is an amazing phone! I love the features and the screen is easy to navigate. Love it.

Awesome phone. Great features. Love the camera. Swiping makes things do much easier. Innovative ways to transfer media and files

I love my new phone! It is easy to use & it's everything I hoped it would be! I keep finding new things I can do on it!

Great phone gave it to my girlfriend she loved it. No problem so far with it, although she loves it more than me!!

It is pretty big and hard to talk on sometimes, but I love when I am looking something up and I can see so much better with this phone!

Got this for my wife to replace her GS3 and it is quite the improvement.  The improved resolution, the great sound, amazing camera, improved speed and the overall build really make this a great phone.  I'm a Nexus 5 user so I can't say I like all of the bloat that Samsung and Sprint stuff this phone with, but it does make it easier for my wife to operate, and its pretty much what she has been using for the  past 2 years so she really hasn't had a lot of questions.  Looking forward to testing the GS5 when the kids upgrades come up.

I love the phone.  Its fast and it performs all the tasks I need without any issues.  Would recommend it.

I love this phone! So far so good, no issues with it, and it looks great. I bought an otterbox defender (white/gray) and it looks very good with it. Cant go wrong with the gaklaxy!

I got this phone for my mom and she needed something easy with a big screen.  She loved it the first day she had it.

as of right now, this phone keeps restarting on me. hopefully its just a defect. if I can get it replaced easily and it doesn't happen with the new one then i'll update this.UPDATE: got the defective unit replaced, and the new one seems to be working swimmingly.REVIEW: So far I don't think I've utilized the galaxy s4 enough to give you guys an extensive review, but I'll be updating this review frequently as I go. I'm going to keep this very simplistic; feel free to ask questions in the comments and I'll try to answer them and update this review.Exterior/Appearance: this phone looks beautiful; although I was a bit disappointed when I first saw Samsung unveil this device thinking it looked mediocre, I've grown somewhat fond of the look of it. without any covers on it, she's beautiful. I'm not sure what the trim of the device is, but it gives the phone a very nice look. the only complaint is the back cover: it is a VERY flimsy plastic, as many of you may have heard. I bought the Samsung S-View Flip Cover for it and I noticed that the cover for that case was made of much stronger material (or at least thicker).Screen: not much to say here; very stunning screen and the perfect size. for an average consumer, this will more than suffice. Have only managed to take a couple pictures and watch some HD youtube videos, and so far you can color me impressed.Battery Life: I cannot make a fair judgment of this right now but I'll be sure to update you as soon as possible. so far it looks like the battery runs over 12 hours (this was with me updating and downloading apps on 4g so who knows really). I'll try using it from 100 to 0 sometime and leave the information here (with average use of course).With all that technical stuff over with, lets get down to the experience.Cons:- no ringtone trimmer? I don't know if I can't find it, but there doesn't seem to be a built in ringtone trimmer. I like to use my music from my microSD as ringtones, and obvious I don't want to start at the beginning of the song every time, but it seems I have to with the galaxy s4. Well that's not entirely true; you can pick "auto recommendation" which picks the "best part of the song" and starts it from there. Better than nothing I guess, but why not let the user pick where to start and finish?- volume button placement (okay, this isn't really an issue unless you have a Samsung Flip Cover): it just seems odd that Samsung would develop their own flip cover and not realize that the cover actually blocks access to the volume buttons (why not switch the sides since the lock screen is useless with the flip cover anyways? that doesn't make any sense!)- no native radio widget/app? I know this doesn't really affect a lot of people, but I really like having a radio on my old HTC Evo 4g.Instead of Pros, I decided to just talk about the features themselves; I figure those features ARE the Pros:- pull down, easy access status bar: most phones have a pull down status bar where you can see updates and all that jazz. Samsung took it to the next level by actually adding useful toggle widgets or "quick buttons" to it. these include buttons that toggle wifi, gps, sound, screen rotation, mutli-window, smart scroll, air gestures and more! its fantastic. you just pull it down with your finger and then you can scroll right to see more options. now whats even better? use two fingers to pull it down and get all the buttons in grid view. great way to unclutter your home screens.- multi-windows: if you have or had the Samsung Note II, then you'll be familiar with this feature. basically you can have two apps open at the same time side by side in adjustable windows. works in both landscape and portrait.- S voice: i'm not ecstatic about this feature, but it is useful. you can even make your own "wake up" phrase (I named mine veronica). it will text for you, call, take a note, make a calendar appointment, etc. it isn't as clear as i'd hoped though (as in sometimes it doesn't hear me correctly). also, you have to actually double click the home button to use it, in which case i could just do it myself (though not as quickly). either way, sort of useful at times.- Driving Mode: feature utilizes S voice so you can drive while still using your phone hands free. great way to play music, call, text, etc.- Group Play: this is a pretty neat feature if you know a couple of other people with galaxys. You can play music, games, share pictures, and share documents. You can even create a surround sound type entertainment by assigning which galaxy you want to play the left speaker and which one to play the right speaker. I don't think I know enough people to use this feature too much though but I like it.- Camera: this is one of the best features on this phone. very clear and concise photos. the camera app also has a lot of filters which actually preview how your shot will look before you select it (which means no need to keep clicking and unclicking to figure out which filter works). There are also other cool features like eraser mode, sound & shot, drama, animated photo, rich tone, night mode, etc. Lets not forget dual-shot mode either, which allows you to use both your rear view and front facing cameras simultaneously! They even have a variety of templates for that feature as well. My only complaint is image stabilization isn't as nice as I'd thought it would be (I tried out the Nokia Lumia 920---best camera out there in my opinion---amazing low light and image stabilization).There are so many features that i'm still finding out about them, but i'll keep updating as soon as I can.

This phone has everything I need and then some. Screen is clear and large enough to watch a movie on.  Only thing I have issues with is the distance to reach across it with my left thumb is quite a stretch.  But sometimes you cant have your cake and eat it too.  I'll deal with the stretch.

Paid  0.01 for 2 year commitment........including shipping, love Amazon Prime. Plus this is a great phone with great features without the large size of the Note 3

This is my second Galaxy s 4 ,and the price i paid was a cent .I was using a Samsung s 4 which I lost and I tried Motox after that for few days and realized its not gonna work out ..returned to the store and bought the s 4 from here ..its really a great phone

I had the galaxy3 loved it then it fell and cracked the case. The s4 actually has a better camera and seems faster. It is a little bigger by cm so I needed to get a strong cover. I am happy with my s4. I love this phone over any that I had.

I love this phone..Coming from a HTC EVO 3d this phone is awesome....I had an iphone and you cannot compare the two....Whew!! I'm totally addicted.

Shipping and delivery were super fast, I got it a day early!! Rally like the phone, it is very fast. Still trying to get a hang of all of the features, but so far so good!

Its really greattt phone I really love it thnx . And I love the color . Theres alot of new features its greatt .

Love it thus far. It has so many features, I've yet to fully explore them all, but so far so good. Looks great, feels great and very decent battery life.

Love this phone! I replaced my Epic with this one and am very happy with it. The added features are helpful, the larger screen is a plus when I am playing games or writing short text. Love it!

This phone was better than I imagined. Still discovering useful features. It is a tv controller, personal assistant, and very practical.

was kinda hoping had more memory like with the 2 has 16Gig internal as well as add on Mem.. But thats the only issue..Love it.Thanks

i will keep this short, the phone lags a little bit, the speaker on the back gets blocked when i watch videos (when i watch videos), but oher than that its one of the best phones out, if you are deciding between this and the htc one, rememberexpandable memoryremovable batterybigger screenmore and useful featuresmore likely to get faster update supportmore roms if you rootmore accessoriesbetter reception since its polycarbonate or plasticless over heating since its not metalim not bashing the htc one because i love that phone too but this phone has all the features that really matter to me,

Bought this for my daughter for Christmas.  She had it up and running in a couple of hours.  She was extremely pleased with the features.

Beautiful. Fast and quick shipping.  Love this phone to death.  I've missed Android.

I like everything about it. I can play games,email,surf the internet all with one devise. I love It! I like I can send and receive pictures of my Grands. I would recommend the GS4 to all. Very Happy with it. Thanks Samsung!

love my phone just need to figure out how to work all of the settings and apps etc. since prior to this I had a &#34;dumb&#34; phone.  But the phone itself is great.  Lightweight and easy to use.  Delivery from Amazon was efficient and seamless!

I love this phone, the battery life is significantly better than the GS2 was....Also its very quick. Still suffers from the same lag issue as the GS2 if too many apps are open and you will have to open task manager /clear the ram at times. not too many complaints on this one. too many cool features to mention!

I like this unit, the only thing is the battery doesn't last long. I have to re-charge it every night to keep it going the whole day. But the features are great.

I had the S2 before getting the S4. I loved the S2 and love the S4. I'm very happy with the upgraded features. Great phone! Also, it arrived in 2 days!

I had an iPhone 4S before upgrading to this phone.  I found the Galaxy S4 locked up a lot, reset itself frequently and the battery drained quickly... And I only had it 3 weeks.  I sold it and went back to my iPhone.  After 3 years, it's still going strong.  Save your money and wait until the Galaxy S5 is out.

As an evolution of the S3 it's fantastic; it's lighter, faster, prettier, has a better screen and battery - it hits all the marks. It's just a great phone. Swap out TouchWiz for something better (Apex, Nova, GEL, anything) and this phone will not disappoint.

The phone shipped as required and reached me within the scheduled time. The phone works well and I have no problems. My contract with Sprint was up and I paid less by purchasing the phone on Amazon. Great Job! Will do it again when my contract is up again.

Well, since I'm far from the first review of this phone I won't go into all the features (which I've only scratched the surface of anyway!). Instead I'll just give my overall impressions. I LOVE this phone. It looks great, fantastic screen and size, it's thin and light. The speed is excellent on just about every app and feature I've used. I really have no complaints after about 2 weeks of using it. Oh, battery life ... having had the S2 before this with battery life of - maybe - half a day this is a pleasure. For example, as I write this at about 11pm after an admittedly light usage day, the battery is still at 74% I'm not saying this is the norm but so far I have not had a day where the phone would have died before the end of the day if I hadn't charged it. We'll see how that holds up over time but for now, battery life is excellent.BATTERY UPDATE: Have had the phone close to 2 weeks now and I must say that battery life has been more than acceptable. Today is a fairly typical day I think. As I write this around 3:30pm I'm at close to 70% battery life. Considering that it was fully charged at 6:30am I'd say that's not too bad.Hope this is helpful. Oh, and as a kicker, I managed to snag this for $0.01 thanks to an unannounced (as far as I know) Amazon sale so that makes this phone even sweeter. Thanks Samsung ... thanks Amazon [it pays to poke around the site on Thanksgiving night!! lol] If you're an android user or switching to it, get this phone!!Hope this is helpful to some of you.

We replaced our S2 phones with the S4 phones. This &#34;white&#34; phone works as advertised with clear reception, pix and data exchange even with Sprint's lousy coverage. This phone was a penny, as the S5 just came out and couldn't see the reason to spend $100 bucks for not much of a noticible difference in phones. Would I recommend this? For a penny? Sure.

i love my s4,,,it is everything it said it would be..i am exceptionally happy with it so far...cant wait for the s5

I upgraded from the S2 to the S4. Friends and co-worker's were trying to encourage me to get the Note 3 but after seeing the Note 3 and comparing it with the S4 I decided on the S4. I'm someone that uses my phone for talking, texting and using my camera/video. I don't watch movies or listen to music on my phone so the S4 is perfect for me, although it does have the capability to do those things but I don't need the larger screen and I think the S4 is not as bulky as the Note 3 especially when you add the Otter Box case to the Note 3.

I love it! I now see what I was missing with android! I have access to so many cool apps and the galaxy s4 camera takes awesome pics.

This phone is Way better than the iPhone, bigger screen!Better buit in apps! For example, the buit in navigation im very pleased!

I have purchase the Samsung Galaxy S4 and it is the best phone purchase ever. The battery life is great, of course the more apps you have running the faster the battery will run down. It is thin and light which I find great for when carrying for a lengthy period of time. The set up was a breeze, the activation was a bit challenging but I still am happy with my choice. The item arrived as indicated. The packaging and condition was exactly as described. I would use this seller again.

I purchased the black version of this phone and honestly I love this phone. I just regret redoing this with sprint. I should've went with T-Mobile. T-Mobile has a better deal, better service and treats their customers better. Sprint is trying to screw me over again. And people from the BBB have told me they receive complaints nation wide. I've currently filed a complaint against them. And their Executive Solutions Analyst, Tobias Tavera. He tried to lie to me and then lie to the BBB. And tried to further screw me over and didn't give a damn about the issues from them. They're trying to screw me out of the price that I've been paying because I served  my country in active duty and went reserves. He and his fellow sprint people are screwing over other active members, reservists and veterans,

There's no better deal than getting a new phone at just a penny! Amazon is the best! Love it! Love it!

it is the greatest phone i have ever seen, its better than iphone5. i wil definitely recommend this product.its worth.people should buy this cellphone.great clarity and light in weight.its good for girl.because its light in weight.

This phone is great I am stilling learning the different features.  But I am very happy and satisfied with the choice I made.

Love this phone!  Does everything I expected it to and then some.  Upgraded from the S2 and I'm happy with the S4

This phone is awesome. It is super fast and very easy to use. A big improvement over my last phone!

I really love SGS4 I dont have to charge it but one time the phone is just great this is it not going no say anything bad no problems at all.

I love my new phone. I had an older model so there was really no learning curve, except there are some new features that I still need to learn. I love that the camera now has a panorama mode!

color is nice...very thin, light weight, big screenbattery life is not to great but since working in buildings with signal jammers its expected haha so i have to airplane mode a whole bunch.little story to go with my reviewmy hubby was a apple this and that type of guy haha... bcuz its a pain to share things from a iphone to a droid and the iphone 5s was on backorder I finally decided to get him the galaxy s4 and HE CANT STAY OFF OF IT!!! lol so if it can change the heart of a iphone fanatic it truly is a great phone

I love all the smart features of this phone. It moves very quickly and hasn't had any problems with freeze ups. The camera is great quality, even in the front and it has a lot of fun extra features. The slim design is perfect for me. When playing music the lock screen includes a usable player for quick access without having to draw unlock pattern, awesome feature!!! I also love talking to my Galaxy, she has some great things to say :) Battery life is great, I don't have to charge it all day, even with music and calls. Personalizing the phone was really great, there are so many options to fit my needs! Text styles, screen styles, even the option to change the main icons on the bottom, this phone can really be individualized!

My phone got delivered exactly when it said it would...works perfect and I loved the price. Still working great haven't had any problems with the phone.

Great phone, everybody knows that, but Amazon managed to edge out the competition yet again with the best price for a Samsung gs4 anywhere around at $0.00, and free shipping. For a grand total of $50.00 including tax, but then Sprint screwed me with a $36 upgrade fee, but I told them that Amazon covered it, so then they said it was for changing my plan in the middle of the month!?So, a grand grand total of $86 including tax. You can't get any better than that.

Great phone meets my every needs

I seriously don't understand how Sprint wanted 200 with contract renewal for this but I was able to get a better deal on Amazon with contract renewal.  When I fist started looking at it , it was 49 here on amazon.  When I was ready to buy it, it had dropped down to a penny.  I figured it had to be an error, so I bought it immediately before Amazon caught on. Sure enough it was a deal of the a lifetime.  This is truly the real deal, brand new flagship phone.

I had a Galaxy S2 before this phone.  I used to turn off data, WiFi, GPS, etc. on the S2 so I could get through the day without having the battery die.  I got the phone a few days ago, and I left everything running (data, WiFi, GPS, etc.) when I went to work the next day.  I talked for over an hour during the day as well as used it to check email and browse the Internet, catch up on Facebook and play Words with Friends during lunch.  When I got home that evening, I still had over 50% of the battery left.  I was surprised and pleased.I've enjoyed learning new things it can do.  One example is the IR TV remote feature using the built-in Samsung WatchOn app.  When I started the program, it asked for my Zip code, then provided a list of providers.  Once I selected the appropriate one, the program showed me what was on the air.  I touched the remote icon, and it asked me for the brand of TV.  It sent a signal that turned the TV on.  I had the option of trying a different signal or accepting the one that had just worked.  When I accepted, I was able to do the process again with the Blu-Ray player.  It also worked on the first attempt.  After accepting the BR device, it asked if I wanted volume control when using the BR to control the TV or the BR device.  The program has two screens for each device.  The main/first screen has power, volume up and down, mute, channel up and down, source and a button to pop up a window where you can enter a channel number directly.  The second screen has the extra remote button features.  This has already been a handy feature since I don't have to worry about where the kids may have put the remote.I am very pleased with the phone and highly recommend it.

I bought this phone to be used outside the USA, hence I picked the non plan version of it. I had read that it would work internationally but to my surprise when I got back to Honduras, the phone was locked and it wouldn't read my local sim card. I tried contacting amazon for a code but good luck with finding a place to ask a question. Then I contacted sprint and they simply kept telling me that the phone cannot be unlocked as it was suppodes to be used with sprint services (which is not true). Amazon knows that their site is visited by people all over the world and should make it very clear when something like this could be an issue. The phone itself is great, or at least what I've had a chance to test so far.

Amazon helped me upgrade to the S4. I had the S2 before and that phone was old and worn out. The S4 works great. It raises my game. Pictures are perfect.  Sound perfect.The S4 help me navigate the virtual; it gives me the creative edge over my counterparts. Amazon is the best place for anyone seeking their edge.Amazon has the deals,

Love it it does everything and a little bit more runs all apps haven't had a single issue love it.

The Samsung galaxy s4 is by far currently the best  cell phone on the sprint network with only the I phone 5 and htc 1 even trying to give it competition. The quad core processor ,amazing screen and long battery life make this the best option for the android lovers out there.Pros:On android.16gb memory but allows micro sd upgrade unlike iphone 5.Really long battery lifequad core cpu with 2gbs of ram. (that's a better computer then most households have anymore)13 megapixel camera that does amazing close up pictures and decent distant ones. (comparing this to my nikon d7000)Cons:Slightly larger phone so if you have small hands it may be uncomfortable or easy to drop.Just so you know:Jason bought the black Heather bought the white. We both agree the white looks better even in the cases.Other options:Htc oneIphone 5For every bit of hype the iphone 5 has the galaxy s4 has the muscle to back it up. While samsung may not be the marketing firm that apple is they let there products talk for them self. And if you listen you can hear them clearly saying I am a better phone.A Jason and Heather Stanhouse review.

happy with the purchase the phone does as it should. wouldnt hesitate to purchase the phone again. thanks samsung your the best

I have a Galaxy Note 2 and bought this phone for my wife's upgrade. It is super fast and makes me want one. The screen size is just right for a average size hand. Overall you can't go wrong with this phone. IT IS SUPER FAST.

It is a great product and the price couldn't be beat. Way better price than u would get going to your carrier

This is a very nice phone

This is an awesome phone. Totally worth every penny I have spent. It is smart, cute and easy to handle. With this phone in my hand, I am always just a touch away from world, my family and friends. That is why I always take a good care of my phone. I clean it regularly using100 iCloth Avionics Cleaning Wipes (iCA100) for Flightdeck Displays, EFB & iPad Touchscreens, Aviation Electronics, GPS Monitors & HUD Displays.

If you're into cutting edge gadgets you should consider drop whatever phone you may have and get this phone it truly delivers that and more.

I've been debating the iphone and the s4 for a while now.  So glad I went for the s4.  The screen is huge but still fits comfortably in your hand.  The features are amazing.  It recognizes your eyes and won't power off the screen until you look away.  It will even scroll the page for you when you're reading!  I love the feature where you can wave your hand over it and see if you have any notifications!  The screen is so crisp and beautiful, it also is smooth and quick.  No lagging for this phone.  I love this phone so much, I would definitely buy it again even at a higher price!

This phone keep restarting. I am returning the phone to amazon. This is the first time I have any issue with a Samsung product.

I love this phone.  It does so many things.  I haven't had it very long so I am still finding out all the cool things it does.

I really enjoy this phone. At first I didn't like it because I didn't know how to use the phone, but now I am getting a hang of the phone and I really like it.

Well i just wanna say that the price on Amazon too hight,you can buy this phone on Sprint for 599.

This anti-glare screen came as stated. It went on pretty easy. There is no shine even in the sun and no finger prints. If you do get something on the screen it cleans up very well. I'm happy with it !

I'm not a &#34;bandwagon&#34; type of girl.  I usually run the other way when a product is popular. I love this phone! Great quality. The only drawback for me is the screen is a little big.

User friendly, so many functions, it's like having your laptop with you wherever you go!  Camera takes clear, high quality pics!

I am loving this phone it's the best one I've purchased since I have been with Sprint.  I have the S3 for 2 years this one is easier to learn and lots of apps.

I love it this phone  my husband Has one as well we like where u touch the phone's and share info not to mention the phone was 1 cent

This is the smart phone I ve ever used. Very nice function, wide screen, nice picture quality, I like it

this phone is worth buying. amazing features and amazing screen. way better than the phone i had before. Thanks for the great phone

I love my S4, i'm still learning about all the different things it can do.  Thank you for having it available at an affordable price

So glad there is a white Android phone available. Aesthetics are important for me. I'm enjoying my Galaxy X4 immensely. I wish I could give it 4.5 stars only because some of the features Samsung is publicizing are not as easy to access/use as stated. Otherwise the phone is great and I would purchase it again.

Love it. Upgraded from the S3. The camera is awesome. I love that it's thinner as well. Well worth the upgrade.

Love the phone but hate that I can't send music via Bluetooth unless I send it from my files instead of my music library

Sorry to my old Evo, I loved it when it first came out and you were great.  The new Galaxy has you beat by a mile.  About 2 months in and it does everything I need it to do plus more.

I like the Galaxy S4 it functions like a tablet for me without it having to be tablet size. However I dont like the default contact pictures. If you dont have a pic loaded of every contact you have to create a generic one just to get rid of this stranger looking back at you. I prefer an android like character because at least that one doesn't actually look like an unknown man smiling at you.

Well, where to start.  Lets just say that someone at Samsung thought it would be geat if the ringer would start playing low for about 5 - 6 seconds then burst to the normal volume setting.  Samsung thought it would be great to get rid of this setting control.  Next, the phone is loaded with too many useless apps.  They don't give you the option to delete them only to turn them off.  And, while surfing the web, the settings are much less than desireable.  If you set the settings for one site the next site might be too big or too small.  It is never consistant.  I was GREATLY DISAPPOINTED!

was a great phone loved it but lost it someone stole it was sad to lose it well I'm sure someone else is enjoying it now

Simple to use, takes beautiful photos, and works amazing on my Sprint network. Don't know why I waited so long.

As up today, the Galaxy works perfectly, hope to continue as it is for more and more and more time!!

I was going to order this phone off sprint but, it was WAY TOO MUCH MONEY. Got it through Amazon cheaper and couldnt be happier. Phone is amazing! Has so many gadgets and room to hold apps. It's like a little personal computer. Am in LOVE with this phone. Had an HTC EVO 4g & took a chance with this phone not knowing what it was all about and, couldnt be happier with my decision. Phone came SO FAST too.

I upgraded this from the 2S and it is amazing the difference in speed. I highly recommend this to anyone!

I stood in the local sprint retail story two hours plus for this phone and didn't get any service.  I stood in line and stood in line.  Finally,  I got fed up with waiting and left the store.  A thought came to me that possibly Amazon may have it on there website. Sure enough there it was,  I had it purchased in just a few minutes and awaited delivery.  I'll never go into another sprint retail store again.

Slim, light, nice screen, great battery life and power management options.They fixed the limitation on putting apps on the SD card recently as well, so now this is everything I wanted.All of your wildest dreams will come true!

I love this phone. I had a galaxy S2 before buying this one. The icons are a little smaller on the S4 vs. S2 of which I was surprised at. The features are a big step up from the S2 also. The High Resolution is fantastic. The camera is very good also. I wish somehow the speaker was mounted on the front side but still works well for my needs.

Galaxy S4 for free. A deal that can not pass. I was not able to activate the phone using Amazon instructions neither the Sprint Online service. I ended going to an store. Love my cellphone

Everything I wanted is included as a feature on this phone. And since its Android a lot of extra things I didn't know I can do to.

Best penny ever spent... EVER! Phone sh owed up in 2 days... ready to acivate... did I mention it was the best penny ever spent?

Great price! This was purchased for a teen who was excited to receive the phone.  Unfortunately,I had to carry the phone to Sprint due to trouble with activation.  They discovered the original SIM card was defective.  (The product arrived sealed in plastic wrap with manufacture seals in place).  Sprint said that the merchandise had to be returned to place of purchase if they couldn't find an extra in the store. Fortunately, they found one.  There haven't been any other problems.

So far so good a nice upgrade from our last phone, hold battery charge long time yeyyyy, and my service is soooo much better.  Im a happy camper!!

Best phone I ever have. Just buy it just go and buy it. The only down side is Sprint kind of suck...

My mom wanted a new phone this year.  She loves this phone.  She has learned to use it quite well.

Phone is good, wife likes it. But she says it is not worth $130 difference over S3 that we bought for daughter.

Love it all. The best is the fact that while in your txt's, if you toggle the volume, the font increases....awesome

Slim, light weight, and great pictures.  Finally due for an upgrade.  Glad this is the one I choose to purchase!!Great Buy!

I have always had Android phones, never the IPhone. Love the cool apps & easy navigation around the phone. The screen is  ill larger compared the my Evo, but not overbearing. The Samsung brand has a good reputation & stands by their products.

Love this phone. So many cool features. I was going back and forth between this and the iPhone, so glad I got the S4!

It was time for an upgrade, and I wanted a slimmer phone. This phone is perfect, it's not big, but has a nice size screen, and it's not thick. It works well and easy to the touch. The data works fastest with wifi connection. The sound is clear.

Every thing but the phone is great but my very old LG would work at my work but this &#34;upgrade&#34; will not pick up anything unless its sprint I never miss a text from them ever.

Probably too much phone for me but I absolutely love it.  Holds a charge longer than any other phone I have owned, it is super fast and really cool.

Moving from an Apple 4s, it's been easy to adopt to the Android OS.I made the change for a larger screen and to try something different.Moving and deleting Apps is annoying.Samsung and Sprint loaded the phone with lots of crapware.Google maps experience was better on the iPhone and Apple Maps was poor.No complaints so far, keeping GPS and all sensors off unless needed to conserve battery, which lasts much linger than a day for me with mixed use including video, talk and GPS/maps usage.

the sim card you sent me was not the right one and is saying it is activated on another device

I enjoy this phone but I am still learning it. The battery could be better but it is nothing to cry about. I constantly want to have my phone with me because it does so much for. The camera is excellent. I love the fact that I can check the status on the screen without touching it. A lot of people try to complain about how big the screen is but I never have problem reading and viewing anything. If you are trying to use your phone for a camera, camcorder, watching videos, and playing games then having a large screen is convenient. I will admit trying to put my phone into my pocket can be a struggle depending on what I am wearing but that is why I bought a case that I can clip onto my belt.

Phone meets all my expectations, fast internet connections, no more droppped calls, perfect size, what else can I say about this phone.

I Love it I can not stop exploring it with all the apps it keeps me very busy very pleased

This was my very 1st smartphone and I'm very satisfied. But I'm still learning.I would recommend this to a friend.

I am very angry at Samsung. It had the potential to be a create phone and it was, until the recent software upgrade got rid of the classic 3X4 keypad. For those of us who do not use QWERTY (which is many people I know) this is incredibly irritating as there was no warning this would occur. One of the most important things about a phone for a customer is being comfortable with the keyboard! And the main reason I bought the phone was because of the different keyboard options - its expensive, but I was willing to buy it because of this 3X4 feature as I frequently need to email and communicate from my phone. I am now stuck with a phone that wastes my time. Do not buy this phone if you don't use QWERTY. If Samsung provides a fix for this then it would be a good product.

Good phone best price.Everybody loves this phone everyday we learn something else it can do.Our family has bought another one since this purchase.

Love the phone I can get 24 hours out of the battery:-). Fast very fast processor and its really good phone I was going I was going to the Nexus 5 but I chose this one I'm glad I did.

My wife and I each got one. I wish it had an HDMI connector, but it has everything else and it is screaming fast. We both love our phone. My wife had no trouble, but my phone got hot enough to toast bread, and not the battery. It was the processor area. Amazon as usual was great and sent me a new one in two days. It seems to work just fine. Amazon gets 5 stars too.

My previous phone was the Galaxy S2, so upgrading to the S4 feels like a dream.  I love all of the functions of the phone, but it's lacking major in one department.  When you have the auxiliary cable pluged in, if you receive a call your bluetooth earpiece doesn't work.  The call goes through the speakers of unit your auxiliary calbe is connected to.  I listen to the Pandora on my phone in the car, but when a call comes through I can't answer on my bluetooth.  I have to unplug the cable in order to talk through the bluetooth.  MAJOR FAIL BY SAMSUNG!!!  Other than that, the phone is great.

Nice look, feel, and simple to learn how to use. I enjoy the screen size, maneuverability, and friendliness of options. The features are actually usable and not a gimmick.  My wwife loves her iphone, but will be switching to a galaxy or note only after using my phone for a few days. Unless Samsung does something terribly wrong or makes a drastic change in their products,  I am going to stick with them for a while!

the fancy stuff is not working that good but its a solid phone and an upgrade from the previous one

So beyond happy with my choice to get this phone.  It is a huge lifesaver. I love practically everything about it.

I love this phone, overall. I enjoy the speed and call clarity the most. The large screen and camera megapixel are also attractive. I wish the camera didn't take so long to focus and snap the shot.

Well, everything nice was already said about how awesome and totally rocking this phone is. I can only add that I can't believe how I survived without it and lived with blackberry all these years. I am in love!

Love it!

I love it!! Love the picture quality the big screen everything!! Its a must buy it!! The battery runs quick but that's not problem.

One of the best phones are the market right now, shipping came right on time and had no problem activating the phone, I love it.

I wanted to purchase an unlocked S4 but due to lack of details in the product page, I ended up buying a phone without a plan, instead of unlocked. Amazon.com personel was very helpful and tryed to resolve my problem. They even gave me a partial refund for my trouble. Overall I'm a satisfied amazon.com customer and will purchase thorugh your website again.

Great phone, replaced an iPhone4 and very happy with the phone and function.  The size of screen is perfect and the defintion of screen is amazing.  Would highly recommend this phone.

I love this phone so much. I honestly have not one single bad thing to say about this phone. I've been a faithful Samsung customer for 2 years now and I still love them. I had the Galaxy S2 and I have a Galaxy Tab so i expected nothing but the best anyway. This phone does so many things I'm just in love.

Great phone a little bigger then an iPhone but still getting use to it. I would recommend it but miss my iPhone.

EVERYONE SEEMS TO LOVE THEIR S4, BUT LIKE EVERYTHING IN TECH WORLD THERE IS ALWAYS A FEW BAD ONES AND I THINK I GOT IT... MY LAST PHONE GAVE ME GREAT 4G COVERAGE BUT THIS NEW PHONE I AM LUCKY TO GET GET ONE BAR OF 3G... AND IT HEATS UP SO BADLY AT THE EARPEICE ITS SCARY... AND USING IT AS A HOTSPOT IS EVEN WORSE.......... UUUGGGHHH BUYERS REMORSE...SO UNHAPPY

This is a nice phone.  It works very well.  It is well worth the money. I would tell any one who thinking about buying this phone BUY IT.

Always liked Samsung devices and this is no different.  I wanted something that was comparable to the Note and this hasn't let me down.

I am coming from an HTC EVO 4g LTE and love this phone.I downloaded the latest firmware as of this review ending in MDL. Haven't experienced the lag that would make users choose the new HTC One over the Galaxy S4.Camera interface is a BIG UPGRADE from HTC's. Quality of pictures is great and for me, this phone did a great job in low light settings. Is it better than the HTC One in terms of low light pics? not sure, but definitely good enough for me!S voice could use a little work. I wish voice recognition wasn't server based (Siri too!).Taking screenshots with the phone by using hand gestures doesn't seem to work for me.The eye scrolling feature totally sucks. I turned it off.Opening 2 apps at the same time TOTALLY ROCKS! love this feature as it allows me to multitask.This phone is fast, great battery life, and has all the good stuff everyone else says about this phone. Just wanted to add my 2 cents in here.Opening

I have very little negative to say so far.  I got this about 3 weeks ago, and although I had the Galaxy S2, I think even non galaxy owners would find it very intuitive to use.  Great phone!

This is the best phone I've ever owned. I've done the iphones & the windows phones but I love my droid! No phone out there compares to the camera on this phone crystal clear & HD. All the hand gestures are amazing & the galaxy talk is better than siri. Deff worth the money & ill probably never switch phones. .. love love love ... ive already talked 4 friends into switching as well & they love it too...

Love the phone.  Love the features. Love everything about it. Best Android I've had yet. I personally think the iPhone is overrated. I know quite a few people that have left iPhone world and became team android.

I made this purchase a little over a month ago and I am enjoying this product so far.  At this point, my expectations have been met.

Great delivery. I received it in great condition as well. I've had the iphone, htc, and samsung. This was a great improvement  from previous samsung phones. I'm looking forward to future products from them.... The only issue... Sprint's service in our area is terrible.

I love the phone but the only complaint I have is the battery life it does super quick.I think it is my network but it is constantly roaming.which is kind of annoying.

I finally got a new phone since it was towards the end of the yr and you know the new s5 will be coming out soon.I came across the galaxy s4 that I've been eyeing. With a such a great deal, why not grab it now!I did and it has been great. I love the larger size screen (bigger than my s2, smaller than the note) its a great phone overall. I love all samsung products, easy to navigate and user friendly!I received this in a timely manner and was able to activate online within minutes.Great great great!Thanks!

Samsung Galaxy S4 is great. Met all my expectations and ordering with Amazon...I get it the next day! Great service.

Very happy with it.  Amazingly, with Amazon help did not have any problems with the activation.  A month ago I bought my first Samsung Galaxy S4 through Amazon and I am soooo pleased with it that I decided to buy the second one as a gift for my husband.Would recommend it to everybody, and specially to buy it through Amazon which has the best price, even better than any of the major phone companies, i.e., Verizon, ATT, Sprint, etc.  Amazon service rocks.

it was time to upgrade from my HTC EVO after 4 years. There are a few + and - but overall good choice. Glad i did not wait for the S5 because the differences are not that much for my purposes.

The phone is a good investment it is like having a laptop the size of your hand. I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because it freezes and I have to turn it off and on to stop the freezing. arrival was prompt.

Thanks amazon for have such low rates for upgrades. with only paying a penny I am able to get other products for my phone with out breaking the bank. i will be back for more and its better than ebay. the phone is awesome it works great and has get battery life too. everything is great no complaints

Do you remember that YouTube video showing what an iPod box would look like if it was made by Microsoft? The dozens of stickers and certifications and advertisements? That's what this phone feels like out of the box. It's overwhelmed with Samsung stuff, much of which serves only to drain the battery or change Android for no particular reason. The phone actually lagged and stuttered from the get-go. That's a hell of an achievement for a quad-core handset with 2GB of RAM. Since I came from a Galaxy S running Cyanogen, that just wouldn't do.SPEEDIFYING THE S4:While you can root it and attempt to clear away the Samsung cruft, it's still never going to be as smooth as it could be. Install Cyanogen 10.1 or later and be done with it. Google for guides on this; it's gotten very easy.After that, change the animation speed for the UI under Developer Options. To enable Developer Options, go to System Settings -&#62; More -&#62; About Device, scroll down, and tap on build number five or ten times. Then back up, go into Developer Options, and change the three 'X scales' near the bottom from 1X to 0.5X or Off.For the best battery life, disable NFC, S Beam, Bluetooth, and so on. All that stuff is lovely, but leaving it on when you don't need it does nasty things to your battery life. If you want idle time measured in days, disable location services in the Maps app. If you get 'Media Server' taking up your battery, install Rescan Media Root.That's it for performance. The phone is iPhone-responsive or better with CM. I also installed a couple of useful apps like Screen Filter (to dim the screen even more at night), Waze (which has traffic rerouting and police alerts and makes my Garmin feel a million years old), F-Droid (an alternative app store that'll let you install things like AdAway) and so on.BUILD:It's a pretty handset and shockingly thin. It almost disappears even in tight (for a guy) jeans. It's also incredibly slippery. I nearly dropped it twice setting it up. Unlike my Samsung Epic (which had the delightful feature of falling into pieces when dropped and not breaking), you can crack the screen easily, so buy a case. I vowed I wasn't going to bother since the Epic never needed one. I've done a 180. After trying a few, I've been very happy with Spigen's Ultra Fit in high-grip matte black. The phone is much easier to grip now with minimal changes in thickness.Review sites say the HTC One is a prettier fetish object. I agree it feels better in hand, but there's a caveat: it can't be dismantled. If you drop it or mess up the charging port, Sprint can't fix it onsite. They have to send it back to HTC. The HTC is also chunkier, for better or worse.The screen is near-perfect. It'd be totally perfect if not for the high power use displaying white and pleasing, though somewhat inaccurate color. You'll want to use dark or night themes whenever possible. Pixels are invisible. Blacks are pitch even in darkness. The size is just on the border of too large for one-handed use. I'm over six feet with commensurately-sized hands, and pressing the side Power button while bracing with a pinky is a slight stretch. A five-foot friend loves her Note II, though, so if you're willing to treat it two-handed like a tablet, any hand size will do.AS A PHONE:Samsung included a useful app (perish the thought!) called 'Adapt Sound'. It's under System Settings -&#62; My Device -&#62; Sound, at the bottom. It'll test your hearing and change the frequency response of the phone to suit it. The app significantly improved the intelligibility of conversations to me. Much, much better than the Galaxy S.I did have some trouble integrating Google Voice. Sprint has a Visual Voicemail app ('VTT') with a three month trial that kept coming back from the dead and showing me old voicemails. The solution was to press and hold the Voicemail app icon from Nova Launcher and drag it up to 'Manage App' on the top left. Then I pressed 'Disable' and agreed to all the prompts when it asked to uninstall itself. Now the voicemail button in the dialer calls Google Voice. Voicemails are also transcribed and sent to my inbox per usual.TEXT INPUT:This is my first handset without a hardware keyboard. It's been a surprisingly smooth transition to screen typing. Hardware keyboards work really well for idiosyncratic speech and punctuation. If you're sufficiently pedantic to chafe at the thought of accidentally using the wrong quote marks or comma placement, no software keyboard will be a true panacea. But some are better than others.The most clever of them all is SwiftKey. First, because it'll let you seamlessly switch from tapping letters to gesture-style word tracing. Second, because it has the best text prediction, because it scrapes your email, Facebook, text messages, and Twitter to compile a personalized library of what you actually say. That one word you made up that doesn't exist in any dictionary? If you've ever used it anywhere, SwiftKey will predict it. That extends to full sentence constructions.In practice, I use word-tracing in portrait mode and rely on SwiftKey to guess correctly. With just GMail and Facebook in the database, it does so about 90% of the time if my tracing is even vaguely on point. For more unique words, I switch to landscape and use that larger keyboard to accurately touch-type. As SwiftKey learns, I find myself doing this less often. In a car, I rely on Google's voice recognition, which is superb when it works (most of the time), but often requires saying the same thing twice to fix an error six words earlier.All of this is noticeably easier on the S4's 5&#34; screen than it ever was on the Epic's 4&#34; screen. My iPhone friends continue to amaze me with their speed and accuracy, but with my large thumbs, I couldn't duplicate that with a screen keyboard on any handset before this one.ACCESSORIES:The 2.1 amp wall charger charges at 1% per minute, so a little under two hours for a full charge. Beware off-brand and car chargers. I discovered the phone charges in one of two modes: USB computer mode and dumb charger mode. USB mode (where it assumes the output device is a computer) only gives 0.5A (to stay within the USB spec), so the phone will take all night to charge. But it'll pull 2 amps or more from a dumb charger if you're not using a super-skinny USB cable.The problem is, there are two ways to make a charger appear 'dumb', and they're incompatible. The Apple way (implemented by most chargers) won't fast-charge this phone. The other way (shorting the two middle USB data pins) will, but few chargers actually use this technique (thanks to Apple's popularity). The upshot is, unless you're buying branded accessories specifically for Android phones, you're probably going to have to do minor surgery on any of the cheaper chargers you buy.SHOULD YOU BUY THIS PHONE?Maybe. The S4 has some impressive hardware and a best-in-class screen, but the phone experience is dictated by Android. And Android is hit or miss.This phone, after tweaking and rooting but before I put CM on it, was occasionally faster than an iPhone. More often, it wasn't. The iPhone screen lights up faster when you press the power button. There's very little delay after you press an app, and very little more in showing content within the app. The UI animations are smooth.Samsung's version of Android is none of these things, and more noticeably, it's not consistent. Sometimes it's very fast, sometimes it lags, and you'll never have any idea why. And then there's the micromanagement. I'm happy that I discovered how to disable the background media scanner that was cutting 30 hours of my idle time, but I shouldn't have to do that.Windows Phone 8 is right up there with the iPhone in responsiveness. Better, even, and with a novel and impressive UI that integrates many social media functions independent of separate apps. The Windows app store is lackluster, though, and the OS itself is harder to hack if that's what you're about. You really have to be happy with how the phone works out of the box. The hardware also lags behind Android handsets, but you won't ever notice (except in some games) because the OS is so fluid. And it has terrific Exchange support for business users.For most people, unless there's a compelling need for a large screen or Android's greater abilities once rooted, the iPhone is simply better than even this S4. It doesn't require any of the tweaking I've outlined, nor the low-level task management that seems to crop up so often even with Android 4. Likewise, the Windows Phone ecosystem isn't sufficiently mature to recommend that one over the iPhone.But if you want Android and you're willing to unlock the full potential of it, the S4 is as good as it gets for this screen size.

a computer in your pocket. it is still too new to know everything about this phone, but what i do know i like. hard to get used to no physical keyboard.But i make up for it with using the voice feature a lot. it does have a few glitches, but i am putting that down to the new downloads. what comes on the phone is good. i waited a long time to get into a smart phone, and this seems like a smart choice.

I love this phone. I am usually always pleased with Samsung products.  I am every excited for the Galaxy S5

I love my new phone! I was pleased that although purchasing online it migrated all my apps with Sprint. I had the Galaxy S2 and the S4 is much better!

Great phone! Samsung makes fabulous products. It is basically my computer in my pocket. The camera is better than previous models.

wonderful and amazing!!! cant go wrong with this phone... best thing out there.would definitley reccomend it...great price too

I love this phone! The color is better and brighter than my older phone. Battery lasts longer than expected. The processor is way faster than the older phone. Simply put, best phone on the market in my opinion.

My Galaxy S2 finally broke on me so I needed a new phone. I have my upgrade available and was waiting for the S5 but Amazon had this for a penny (plus tax on retail) and a 2 year contract.I couldn't wait if this was at a penny.Phone is fast, screen is huge and colors are vibrant (I had to turn it down). Stock apps can be turned off! but not uninstalled.Sound is clear, speaker could be louder, all the fancy Smart Stay, Air View etc only works with the stock apps and browser. Doesn't work with Chrome, Netflix etc.Only 16gig internal memory, but for a penny I was able to buy a 64gig class 10 micro Sd card and a bunch of accessories for &#60;$180.Only issue i have is with Sprint. Sprint has very limited LTE connectivity. Other than that this phone is great. I would recommend it.

I will return with a detailed rating after I learn to use the product more readily.So far soooo good!

I HAD AN OLDER GALAXY AND I MUST SAY I HAD NO COMPLAINTS BUT AM GLAD I UPGRADED TO THE GALAXY 4 PHONE.  IT IS AWESOME

This phone is amazing. The thimgs this phone can do boggle my mind. From being a universal remote( very easy to setup already app pre installed) to pausing videos when you look away. The camera on this phone absolutely blows away the iPhones camera away,along with the features the camera has which are amazing also.  The screen is beautiful perfect picture and displays. the phone is not to big as some suggest it fits perfectly in the palm of my hand. Deff recomoned to anyone . Great price too

I am not thrilled !!!  There is a problem with screen staying on . I have had it in to make sure settings were correct. Will not hold a charge, even when phone not in use.  Should have kept iphone 5.

Loving it to the max! I love the features it has to make life easier! It took a lot to please this iPhone fan!  You get your money worth with this phone

Out of the past couple Android enabled phones I've had, this one is by far the best one. The Samsung Galaxy S4 has plenty of internal memory for all the apps I use and the RAM allows the phone to work seamlessly.If you're looking for a solid, stable Android phone this is definitely one to pick up.
