
I was _REALLY_ excited about getting a "real" phone using a pay-as-you-go plan. I definitely did NOT want to pay $40 or more per month for a phone. That's why people like you and me want a prepaid phone, right???  Cell phone companies charge waaaaaay too much, don't they?BEWARE OF THIS PHONE. It DOES NOT work the same as other prepaid phones!! Written inside the box, in fine print, is the following statement: "Note: Android powered NET10 Wireless phones will ONLY work with the UNLIMITED Family 30-Day Plans or the UNLIMITED 30-Day Monthly Plans. Do not attempt to add the $25/750 Minutes 30-Day Plan or the Pay As You Go Cards, these will not work with Android powered NET10 phones."I am REALLY GLAD I saw this before I opened the box, but extremely irritated that this is not mentioned anywhere in the ad for this phone. Looking at the available plans, that means you will have to pay at least $50 per month for coverage for this phone. Why in the world would I do that when I can get a Tracfone for $99 a year?  Yes, not an Android, but at least a phone to do what I want.And if I did want an Android phone and was willing to pay $50 per month, I would go with Verizon, AT&T;, T-Mobile, etc., certainly not NET10!!!So beware of the "gotcha" with this phone! You have been warned!

I just love this phone. I have been wanting a Samsung for ever. They where just to expensive for my pocket. Amazon made it very possible for me to enjoy. Thanks

I love this phone! I finally decided to switch from my regular phone to an android, and I am so glad I did!  This phone was easy to use right out of the box.  I just followed the directions, and it worked perfectly. I love how easy it is to find directions - all I have to do is push the little microphone, and say &#34;navigate to ..,.&#34; and it totally works! I know this is probably old news to most people, but to me it's like magic!

The phone is working alright so far but the net 10 customer service is not. The google play promo code does not work and net 10 will not help you resolve the issue.  I gave the phone three stars but not net 10 customer service they get one star.

Had the Straight Talk Proclaim for 2 years, which finally flaked out.  Couldn't find a cheap phone from them.  Got a refurb for 19.99.  Both cases, the network is Verizon.  Proclaim.  GB 2.6? with 1 ghz processor,  Centura, 800mhz, Jelly Bean 4.0, that upgraded after activation.  The centura has a little lag in the OS that the proclaim didn't.  Acceptable, for the trade off of longer battery life and better(!) You Tube performance from 3g.  Contacts say the phone calls are clearer on Centura.  Heat isn't as big an issue either, probably due to lower clock speed and newer Android Version.  At 5 dollars a month more for Net 10 vs ST, It will take me about 2 years for everything to even out, just in time for a new phone.  My only issue with Net 10, vs ST is the indifference in even _automated_ customer support.  NO confirmation email upon purchase, I had to request a resend only to find my order was &#34;in progress&#34;.  36 hours later, I finally get &#34;Thank You, receipt, and tracking&#34;  This is a big reason why Net 10 has such an &#34;el stinko&#34; perception.  Send the confirmation and receipt immediately, tracking later.  DUH!  I'll call this a lateral move from the ST proclaim, which I was more than satisfied with.

I am very hard on phones and this phone, with the Trident case have withstood A LOT!! Including 2 grandsons... Very highly recommend this phone

I LIKE THE COLOR. IT'S COOLER THAN THE UNDERSIDE OF THE PILLOW. IT.S THE BOMB. BOOYAH. WILL BUY MORE LATER

I have to restart this phone several times a day due to it freezing.  Only had it for one month.  Thinking of returning it and spending more money for something better.

I bought this phone for my mom when she dropped (and broke) her old one and it was a total piece of crap. It's suuuper slow (like dial-up slow.  To do anything.) and things don't work at all and it crashes a lot and now it just completely stopped working, won't even turn on, for no apparent reason. I wasted $50 on this phone back in January and it's nos May and I'm looking for another phone for her. Save your money, everyone...

Returned it after it was stuck on Emergency call screen. May have been a problem of the carrier but nobody could fix it.Amazon transaction for returning was easy and no fuss.

Prior to this I had a Huawei Mercury Ice. I really liked that phone. This one is good fr the money, but lacks a lot of features i loved about my earlier smartphone. There are no indicator lights to signal you have a msg when phone is set to silent, no flash for the camera, picture quality is lacking and it only have a one way camera, not front and back. Phone freezes when I play with certain apps, often. I really wish net10 would allow me to use my Huawei with their plans. Will definitely look for a better phone when this one dies. I take great care of my phones and they are retired way before they end their use. However, I know this will not be the case with this phone. I am really surprised because I really liked my original Samsung phone, it was durable and well functioning (not a smartphone).

excellent prdoduto thanks you very good, see you letter but this cell no can using in venezuela and is cdma

Phone locks up unexpectedly. Loses track of time and won't reset. Have slept in a few days as a consequence of the alarm not going off. Would like to exchange, but as it's a phone I was not aware of the problems until after the thirty day limit.

I purchased this phone for my girlfriend to replace her horrible Huawei Ascend which had so little thinking memory (as opposed to storage memory) that it was always low on space and the number of apps you could have was pathetically small. The Samsung Centura, on the other hand, has tons of useable storage memory (about 2.5 GBs useable out of 4GB) and more than enough thinking memory to add tons of apps (about 380MB useable out of 512MB). There's more memory free and unused right now than was on her entire previous phone. In addition, this phone is about $39 cheaper than in brick and mortar stores AND it comes with a gift card for $25 worth of credit on Google Play that worked perfectly. We picked up a case locally and she loves the whole shebang. She and I are both incredibly happy with this purchase. If you want bells and whistles and have won the lottery, feel free to shell out a few hundred for a cutting edge phone. If you just want an affordable phone that does what you want and doesn't give you any hassles, this is it.

I bought this for $49.95 and am extremely happy with it.  I found out that some of my friends that have older I-phones can't make calls on theirs through their Wi-Fi.  I can, which really helps as I live in the boonies.

I've sent this phone back to Straighttalk for the second time now. It would turn itself off and on constantly. Do yourself a favor and get a different phone.

I bought this phone with the understanding that it was net 10 it is not it is Straight talk. I had to give up my phone number i had to change plans all together the phone came with notheing but the phone no cord no charger no book nothing the worst experience at amazon in over 2 years. Then funny thing is that I do like the price to the phone and the phone I just do not like being tricked my old number is gone and I know nothing about this phone yet.

This may be a cheap phone but it is not worth it.  It is only good for a paper weight.  It changes to the wrong time, it takes forever to dial a phone number or do anything and I mean anything like going to your contacts.  Doesn't keep a charge. It will shut off even if you are talking to someone on the phone.  The features are horrible.  There is nothing good about this phone.  Save your money and buy something else.

This was a great purchase, and my granddaughter, love it and it is I use as we--speak.----I am very satisfied with the purchase  and it's arrival, will recommend to others.

These are great.  I bought them for the kids with no plans for activation.  They play games watch videos and have apps to text and make calls for free on wifi.  With made deals with neighbors and all the neighborhood kids share wifi so we can call and text them as long as the have Internet.

it is the best phone ever! it's my first smart phone and it is way better that the other phones i've had

Samsung Galaxy Centira Android Net 10 Cell Phone Was Purchase on Amazon.com For My Boy FriendThe Price Just Right + Shipping Very Fast. You Get 25.00 Dollar Gift Card To Google Play. I just Love Texting On His Phone Key Very Easy On This Phone. Better then My Phone Huawei Inspira H867 . No Radio . But You Get To Try Google Music For One Month FreeThen It 10.00 Dollars A Month All The Music You Ever Want To HearPlus Amazon.com Sell A Lot OF Case & Cover That Real Nice For This Phone . Ok Don't Take My Word For It. Check It Out . Very Nice Phone For Birthday, Christmas Gift. Treat Your Self You Won't  Be Sorry. Thanks ! Have A Nice Day ! Ms. McRae

All the perks of a new galaxy but with a much slower system. Has awesome features designs and apps just takes a tad longer to load than my girlfriends s4, but nothing too serious. Only other thing is gps tends to be a few blocks off sometimes. Just delaying your aprox. Mins left. Good phone though, very durable

The phone overall meets my requirements for the exception of the phone freezing.  While playing some of my games the phone will freeze causing me to pull the battery out.

Didn't work in my area, very tiny, low memory. Not a fan of Net 10 in general. Would not recommend.

As an upgrade from a flip phone, the Centura does everything I need.  I love the way it operates and feels in my hand.  My favorite new thing is sending and receiving pictures on my phone...great to see new pics of my grandchildren.  The camera does an adequate job for a phone camera.  I am satisfied with this phone and use it with an unlimited monthly plan through Net 10.  To me this is the only way to go!

Phone did not work and it saids in the shipping that you can not return it once you open it. So I am stuck with aphone I can not use.

It's okay for a go phone . Wish it would have been more user friendly. Luckily the recipient love this!

First off, I would like to say that the device actually is a lot better looking in reality than it is shown in the picture. It has the same blue/gray coloring that the S3 has and is overall, a nice looking device. However, this does not make up for the fact that despite the fact that it claims to be running Android 4.0 which is one of the newer softwares, it strangely does not act the way it did on my other android device that ran the same software. To me, it looks more like Android 2.3 and for this fact, it looks a little lower quality. Then, there are times when I have to restart my phone because it freezes and will not let me into my apps. This is frustrating. Then there is the issue of the phone just being slow in general. Web browsing takes forever. There is nothing really spectacular about the features of this phone to make it exciting. I have been playing with this phone for several days and I am just not as happy with it as I would like to be. I predict that I will be changing phones in a month.

Love this phone, even used it for step by step directions, better than my Tom Tom gps. It has Verizon service, which is why I bought the phone, so far no calls dropped like I had with Sprint.

Able to enjoy the features of an android phone without the contracts and high bills. Brought this as a gift  and my spouse enjoys the upgrade from his old phone.

Solid cellphone.However, the system will not allow one to switch over to other carriers; you only have the choice of Net10.

Kid likes it ~ won't keep his face out of it...........constantly texting and playing games on it (google play)....... it's a well made pay as you go option .. Now, my wife wants one... in reality, if I liked cell phones, I'd probably carry one too... you'll be happy with it.

The phone is a great phone if you want a smart phone that's light in weight, little & for basic use. This will do any age person justice for its price. My 2 year old & his Dad love it.

I absolutely love this phone. I am new to android phone but it is so like my tablet that it is easy to learn.  Works great and seems to be as good as other android phones for far less money!

I just purchased this phone to use this with my Wifi in my house to listen to Tune in radio or pandora with my headphones or connect directly to the stereo and I can also use magic jack app with it too to make phone calls. The wifi signal is always 4 bars to 5 bars on this phone so i always get great connection. And yes this phone has bluetooth as well. Since my other phones die too quick i'll use this one as a spare device to walk around the house and listen to internet radio.I didn't have to hook it up to any cell phone service to use it with apps but to use the phone outside of your house without wifi, yes you can activate it with Net 10 Wireless or get a Verizon jetpack hotspot.I was going to add prepaid minutes to it but turns out the one I got in the mail is for the Unlimited Plan only. And I didn't want unlimited, only pay as you go. I will buy a 2nd one.The phone runs slow after installing things, but you have to download a memory management / memory booster program from the Play store and it runs awesome after that. All the apps I have on my galaxy S3 work on this phone. I plan on buying one for each room in the house to connect to my stereos depending on which room im in. The price was only $55 I can buy 8 or more of these for the price of a Samsung S3. Plus this phone is nicer for me because I have small hands and it fits in my pocket as well. Its probably a little bit bigger than a business card but still heavy enough so you cant drop it by accident like an ipod. The phone I received has 2.6gb of space on it. Great deal.

I had this phone for about over three month now and my first smart phone to try and I am loving it.  It's easy to use and no glitches yet.  Minor few things about this phone lack of it, could use more rams on it and the screen is little too small for my old eyes.  I would recommended to whomever wanted to try the first smart phone.

I figured out how to list contacts,make calls and receive them.  Cannot figure out how to send and receive apps.  This is my fifth tracfone and am really having a hard time figuring every thing out.

I boughtt this 'BRAND NEW', 11/30/13, and it has already died on me- didn't even last more than 3 mo. 5 days.  I have gone through 4 plug-in battery chargers because it had a hard time charging and it finally just died this morning.  It has trouble keeping the correct time (4-6  hours earlier).  Several times when I went to bed, it was the correct time, and when I woke up, it was 6-8hrs earlier  sometimes later (which means if you have it on alarm, you are outta luck!).  It freezes up and it seemed like I was always having to turn it off and then on to get it to work.  Finally, I think the charger portion on the phone malfunctioned because it refused to charge (even though the light on the charger said it was).  PICK ANOTHER PHONE!!!  It did work with Straight Talk but as excited as I was when I first got it....I'm just has happy or happier giving it up!

Seems to perform better than prior phone and service provider.  Very intuitive to use and a great value!  So far, loving it.

This is my first android phone and I love it. No problems what so ever. Do not hesitate to purchase this phone. For $60 its a fantastic deal. If I had to say something bad about the phone it would be the key pad. I'm a reasonably large man, with bigger fingers, sometimes I hit the wrong key pad. ( Its a little small) But that's not the phones fault.Someone complained that when typing a text, it try's to guess what you are typing, which is true. However if you continue typing the word you want, thats what will come up. And sometimes the phone is right, when typing a long word it saves time. Anyone with an iq above 80 would enjoy this phone for the money. For years I've been saying why in the heck is everyone attached to thier freaking phone so much? Well, now I know and I am on my constantly!!!

My son likes his new phone and is just waiting for me to get some time to activate it so he can start using it.

i love the phone all the apps work every now and them it runs slows but it could be that i have a small memory card

I gave this as a gift to my spouse for Christmas he loves it. It was easy to set up.

My husband bought the centura for my birthday about 2 weeks ago. I took the first one back because it would come up with an error message when i turned the phone on and it also doesn't keep internet connection even though I have wi-fi. I don't understand why it won't keep the connection. Getting frustrated about that. Any suggestions should I keep the phone or take it back and get a different one?

It always restarts when i'm in the middle of something.. or when I get on snapchat to take a picture the camera will just quit. Also when I need to call or text someone really fast the keypad or keyboard won't load for awhile.

I like it. It is the first android that I have had. It is has a lot of great qualities. I wish it had a sound for texts that have not been read or for missed calls. My old phone had this and I miss that on this one. But it is easy to get on line and to use the texting. Its keyboard is a nice size.  I would recommend this phone for a person who has not had a android before and wants something that is only $45 a month.

The phone regularly crashes on me, randomly turns off text notifications, and is now not allowing certain phone numbers to call me. Buggiest experience with a phone ever, but perhaps I got a lemon.There is nothing that attractive about this interface either. Do yourself a favor and get something more stable.

I really like the phone.  The problem I had it that Net10 couldn't transfer my current plan to this phone.  I had to send back.  I was very disappointed to know that.  The company reimbursed my funds.

Bought this for my son when his Verizon basic phone died.  At first he was skeptical of having a pay as you go phone, but as an upgrade to a smart phone with Verizon was a minimum of $100/month, I thought it was worth a try.  So far, he really likes this phone.  It is fast enough to watch YouTube and he likes the convenience of be able to &#34;Google&#34; things at school.  The only item he mentioned was he said that the screen is not as responsive as he would like at times, but it seems to get better after he reboots his phone.Overall, I am glad I got this for him, and will probably get another for his brother.

This phone is a great phone it has everything you would need..... The storage is great and the sound is good quality.... The only draw backs I do have about this phone is that it ALWAYS jumps time!!!! But so does my husband's and he has the Same exact phone and his does it as well!!!!!! Another thing Is the keyboard for typing and texting is hard to get used to!!!!!Plus when you are charging your phone the phone seems to hey very very HOT!!!!!OTHER THAN THAT EVERYTHING WORKS GREAT........ AND FOR THE PRICE IT'S WELL WORTH IT CONSIDERING MY HUSBAND PAYED $50 MORE THAN I DID AT RADIO SHACK.....

Recently became a Straight Talk customer. My first S.T. phone was AT&T and didn't work at my address. Customer service does not have the best information to order from. Having no flash not a big deal.  Put Clean sweep and optimizer apps on to keep phone working good. Had trouble installing Words with Friends. Couldn't figure out talk to text, couldn't find little keyboard icon. Screen small for these eyes, but talkback is annoying and useless for texting. I have a Kindle for reading and web. Wish the phone could be used as a hotspot like my Verizon phone did,  but I can live with having it separate. All-in-all, I am satisfied with phone and service. The first phone I got was free, didn't work at my house and Straight Talk said it was mine to keep so I donated it to a women's shelter. The Samsung Galaxy Centura is the right phone at the right price.

phone is fast very clear display great camera good battery life no problems at all so far and the price is great

I love this phone; and I used to have a Blackberry (I do miss the full querty keyboard the Blackberry used to have). I bought this phone to replace a broken phone (Samsung Galaxy Discover - which is actually the same phone as this one). It is easy to use and very fast. Also, it was a pleasant surprise to learn this phone gets it signal from Verizon towers...

I really like this phone. Works great. Great price on it too. Alot less expensive than in stores. Highly reccomend.

Worst phone every totally wasted my money. So glad I paid for it with Amazon cards I won and not my hard earned cash.It shuts off for no reason, it locks up for no reason, it has bad reception and takes forever for the pages to load.DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE UNLESS YOU LIKE WASTING MONEY.Can't send it back hubby threw he box away so I'm stuck with it, I'm about ready to just go back to my old piece of junk which was bad but worked better then this POS&#62;

Just dumped my old carrier for a prepaid plan, and as someone who has been doing just fine with 'just a phone', this one has just enough features to make it worth it. Im not a big user of apps, etc with my phone, but this one would certainly fit the bill for folks like me ( over 40 mom who is only 'slightly' interested in being attached to the world 24/7). One thing I do miss is the visual notification of text messages, but maybe I just haven't found that switch yet. OH, and don't buy this phone for the camera.

I bought this phone. I was told net ten phones needed a SIM card this one did not and I hated the way it worked.  I would not recommend anybody buy this phone. Go to walmart.

It brings to adapt him chimbo not chip and Venezuela agencies are not authorized to putting on the line. Do drop off the team?

We have three of these phones. We love them. They are solid and easy to use. I do have to restart it a couple of times a day but that is because I use it all the time for everything.

I''ve been using Samsung phones since 2003 and always been very satisfied until this one.I had one that I dropped in a creek and it worked after drying it out. I also left it in my pants and ran it through the washer and dryer and it still worked. With the great service I had from Samsung's phones I really wanted one of these. I bought one and have to say the quality is bad. The phone is slow to respond to touch, apps freeze up. The time zone resets to pacific time no matter how I set it. I have to remove and replace the battery often when it becomes unresponsive. My daughter has the same model and experiences the same problems. I have had this phone for 5 months and will be replacing it soon. I will also replace my daughters. I'm not sure if I will try a different Samsung model. They should recall this phone. Carry a charger with you everywhere, battery life is about 4-5 hours max using all power saving tricks. I am an ex IT pro, no stranger to phones, computers and misc. mobile devices.

did not help me, because it could not put my tube and plan to return the product for the same reason

This is my first smart phone and overall , I like it very much. I do miss having actual buttons to push though and it takes a while to get used to the touchscreen. This phone runs on the Verizon network, which is great because the coverage and call quality is excellent. I left Verizon for Net10 because it was just too expensive. Now I have the same coverage and call quality for half the price of Verizon.  Back to the phone: I wish it had more font options. It only has normal and small and I would like it larger. I guess there are apps for this but I haven't found one that I like yet. Also, I haven't figured out how to turn off the auto-spell feature that tries to predict the words that you will use when typing. I hate this because it is often wrong and it will not let you type the word that you want to use without having to try many times. Aside from these couple of minuses, this phone is great. Also, it is not too big like some of the other phones. If I want big, I can use my computer at home.

Works great can get online with it, listen to music from online or download to listen anytime

Love it!! Works great and very fast. I WOULD RECOMMEND TO ANYONE SAMSING IS AWESOME.  Best prepaid phone I have had. Only problem is they lie about the free google play bucks 25.00 dollars worth. If there not going to honor it they should remove sticker.

I use this phone as a ipod since with Net10 you have to use the $50 plan, which I'd rather keep my $25 plan. Works awesome for videos. Facebook and big screen to see pics!!

This phone was suppose to be new.  However when I went to set it up with Net10 they said the serial# was associated with another account.  When I finally got it activated I don't have near the bars as I do with cheaper Net10 phone

DONT BUY THIS PHONE ITS A PILE OF CRAP !!!! Doesnt keep time restarts all the time and keeps saying no operating system.

I am so disappointed in the android phones in general, this one proved to be no different.  Each time I have purchased one it seems to have issues with performance and seize ups.  I finally gave in and got a Windows8 phone.  I am much happier.  Wish I had done it sooner.  It was much cheaper than the IPhone, yet I feel I have comparable performance, plus with a Windows8 machine and the Windows8 Phone app I was able to import all of my iTunes to it.

when I dial straight through it wants to go through Verizon, but I'm a Net10 user.I'm having to put in area codes to dial using Net10

the item it self it perfect. i know i bought the phone a month before i had it activate it but when i tried to activate it they told me that the phone had no coverage so the phone is useless i cant use my phone. and i cant return it

I really did not like this phone. In fact I sold it after one month. The issues that I found irritating was the difficulty in picking up a call, had to swipe several times in just the right direction to pick up a call. Even missed calls because of this. The other main issue was it was very difficult to make calls at all with the number pad on the screen because after you put in the first couple of numbers, the screen would go black, then you have to keep trying. It was just way too irritating for me.

Directions were easy to follow, transferring number to this phone was a couple of clicks. Service coverage even in remote areas.

I chose the Galaxy Centura for it's features and lack of a 2 year agreement, looking back...Iwould've preferred a 4.2 in screen instead of the 3.5 in screen but it worked out OK. I'm satisfied.

This phone pretty much is what the other reviewers have said.  The time does get messed up - pretty much every day.  In my case it gets set back 6 hours. I have learned to reset it quickly, or you can turn the phone off and back on. Only one time did I have the phone lock up on me and had to turn it off and on, and that may have been my fault. It does not perform as well as some of the far more expensive phones, but it did not cost nearly as much either.  For the most part, I would say it is a low cost phone that gets the job done.

This phone is amazing for the value.It takes great pics and I have all my apps at my finger tips. All except one app that I bought this phone for. The phone has all the requirements for the app but will not work on this phone and it is Ibotta. I do couponing and this will not work. Also it loses charge easily so I try to keep it plugged as much as possible. Yes I agree with others that have given a review. The $25 Google play does not work I was buying songs and it was coming out of my checking acct.

First off, I guess you get what you pay for.Cons:  Phone battery dies by midday.  This is with all apps closed and screen brightness down.  Clock doesn't keep time, even with the app &#34;clock sync&#34;.  Not about to root this phone, not worth my time.  Will probably return it.Pros?  The size is nice.I guess if you work/hangout somewhere where you already have a clock and can charge at anytime, go ahead and buy.

I was not aware that I needed a 50.00 card to activate it, I bought a 25.00 card and net 10 honored it.

This is an amazing phone considering it's $60. No, it isn't as good as a Galaxy S4 or a Moto X, but those phones also cost several hundred dollars...this phone costs $60. If you want a good smartphone at a good price, this phone is an excellent choice.

I bought this phone for my 13 year old son and he is pretty happy with it. Works overall pretty good but does freeze up occasionally when running games. Camera is not the best either but works good for someone who is going to use it as a way to get on facebook and it gets decent reception.

I always have to turn my phone off so I can go on the internet and when I try to download an application it takes five hours.

The phone its self is great. However, when we went to buy minutes, as the phone claims to be &#34;pre-paid,&#34; we were told we had to buy a plan. The whole thing was wishy washy. Sent it back and went with the AT&T Avail 2. Much better, and has a better camera.

After learning some of the apps Think I am going to like it a lot.It takes nice pictures. In all not bad.

Runs slowly and a bit clunky, but it works and always hooks up.  Not an iPhone as far as apps and operating system go, but a functional phone, text and email platform. Touchscreen takes some getting used to. This iOS our family's first android phone. We've migrated from blackberry to iPhone and this system is system will take some getting used to.

I previously had a Motorola Droid X2 (android 2.3 &#8211; gingerbread) that I got for free from Verizon two years ago and was locked into a contract that cost me about $80 per month.  I only used it minimally from a data standpoint &#8211; about 500MB per month.  So, I was excited to get an android 4.0 (ice cream sandwich) for such a low price and only spend $45 a month for service on Verizon's towers.But, this phone performs so poorly, that even my minimal needs are not met that well.  I was willing to accept that it has no flash (which really stinks because once you get used to having an instant flashlight with you, it's hard to give up) and only an 800 MHz processor.  (Sidenote: most flashlight apps will let you use the whole screen as a flashlight if you don't have an LED, but it's just not the same)The bad:1) Sometimes, when I drag my notifications bar down from the top, I just get a blank screen for like 10 secs before the info is displayed.  This never happened with my old phone, which was by no means a speed demon.  In general, moving from screen to screen sometimes just lags too much.  I'm not talking about doing anything resource intensive either, just going from the text message screen to my phone contacts will lag sometimes.2) I have had three previous phones that I used with my current bluetooth system in my car.  Two of them were not smartphones.  This Centura sometimes just disconnects from my bluetooth right when I answer an incoming call.  It is really annoying (and dangerous!)  None of my previous phones ever did this.3) Sometimes browsing the web is just so darn slow.  I can understand that it will be slow when on 3G, but it is also slow when connected to my wifi router!  Why would it be so slow when browsing on wifi?!?!  The bottleneck is typically the network, not the device.  But in this case, it must be the device, because I will go to the exact same website at the same time with my old Droid X2 and it will load the pages in half the time.  I am not talking about heavy-content sites either &#8211; just text and images.4) If you go to some android forums, you will see that there is a bug with this phone that causes the clock to get reset to 5 or 6 hours behind the actual time.  I have only had it happen on my phone three times in 2 months, but one morning it caused me to be late for work since I use the alarm on my phone to wake me up in the morning.  This bug has been known for at least 6 months.  How can Samsung not release a patch in 6 months that covers such a serious, fundamental function of the phone!?!?!  Come on Samsung!  (There is a community-supplied fix to this issue, but you have to root your phone for the fix to work).5) If you are connected to wifi, and try to send a text message with an attached pic, it will simply hang on you.  You will not get an error message. It will just state: &#8220;Sending...&#8221;  With a little research I learned that text messages only go through the mobile network and not wifi.  So, I turned off my wifi connection and resent the message and it went through fine.  This is crazy for me to have to worry about whether I have a wifi connection or not before sending a text with an attachment.  I have not heard anyone else having to do this with their phones.  (I never had to worry about this before).This phone would have been SO MUCH better if they priced it a little higher and gave it a little bit more robust features like a dual-core 1GHz processor and a little more memory.  Overall it's not a horrible phone, but I expected it to at least perform basic functions without any drama.  I mean, even my decade-old flip phones didn't lag when switching between text and phone screens!  If you have a few more bucks, you should probably consider the Huawei Ascend Plus, or LG Optimus Showtime (both Net10 or StraightTalk and run on Verizon towers).  They both have 1GHz processors, and have 4-inch screens.  I really don't want a larger phone &#8211; I am happy with the 3.5-inch screen because the phone is nice and small in my pocket.  Huawei has a 3.5-inch phone called the Glory which is on Verizon towers, so I may give that one a shot in a few months.

This was my first android phone. I love it, it works perfect for me. Lots of great features. It's very hard to find cases or covers for it in stores though. I had to find one online. Net10 has great service in my area, and I'm very happy with it.

If you're looking for an affordable smartphone look no further! This phone is great for texting, calling, playing games, checking up on facebook, etc.

I've had this month for about nine months now and I really liked it at first. I don't need anything fancy for my phone, and I didn't really want the bells and whistles that come from higher end phones, so I thought this would be great. I've never had a problem with my service and or really even the Wifi. But now, the battery has to be charged every other day if not more. I charged it on  a Monday and by Tuesday afternoon, with very little use, it was down to 0. I work at a school and put it on airplane mode during the day. I've been doing that since the beginning of the year, and at first, it really helped to save my battery. I was charging my phone every couple of days. Now, that doesn't really seem to matter. I've tried googling because things I've read saying putting it on airplane mode should save the battery but for now some reason it's not. It also has a tendency to freeze up going between airplane mode and off. This phone freezes up more than any other phone that I've ever had and it's quite annoying. I have to turn it off and on again, which takes a while. It also can't be turned on while it's charging. Also, I'm apparently not able to use my data plan. I have WIFI at my house, and I can get the internet there. But anywhere else that I'm not hooked into the wifi, I cannot use the internet on phone, even if I have service. What's the point of a data plan if I can't use it when wifi is not available? I have yet to figure this out so any helpful comments would be appreciated.It's been very easy getting the automatic withdrawal, but I've had this phone less than  a year and I already feel I need a new one.

I was given this as a gift and sadly it has been a major headache for me. I am a Technical Services Director and pride myself on being a fairly tech savvy consumer. It is a fine phone for someone with lower than average expectations who needs a phone 98% of the time for texting. This is not the phone for you if you need to converse with someone live. Imagine my horror when i have calls dropping left and right to important vendors who think I am hanging up on them. Topping that humiliation is having the Bluetooth not work and call waiting randomly merging calls. Couple all of this with a battery that has the life of a friggin Mayfly and this is what you will have!  Let's just say that after one week I am ready to boil this thing in a vat full of acid!

I received mine as a gift, and I'm going to replace it asap.  The clock frequently resets itself 5 hours back.  Browsing the internet is a chore because the pages load so slowly.

good afternoon friends amazon. was my mistake in pressing an option to return the product, I do not want to return anything, rather'm looking ances it reaches me, my phone Samsung Galaxy Centura Android Prepaid Phone (Net10) apologize for tightening the option. 2 months have passed and nothing gets me hope thanks response. hopefully comes soon thanks to hand his friend john

Not impressed. Its bare bones for an android. Difficult to maneuver, no features in handy places...no self take photos....the one plus to the phone is that the battery lasts a long time, and unlike my iphone, it doesnt hang up on people mid speech due to my face hitting the front of the phone.. I would not reccomend this phone to anyone.

so far this has been a very good purchase for the price. wifi and bluetooth off battery last 3 to 4 days with calls, texting, and checking mail. keep it synced with NEXUS tablet. first experience with NET10 so far it has been good. This is a verizon network rather than AT&T. For the places I need the phone in verizon has better coverage.

It works perfect just had to change my number. it cannot be used with straighttalk. it cant be unlocked for it. but my phone bill is cheaper now.

No flash. I am terrible at picking phones. Bought 3 of these for kids. 2/3 happy. They can play games and search web just fine. Only downfall is lack of flash for pics. Otherwise great.

Sres. LA empresa que me trajo el producto me la trajo hace unos dias desde que compre.... EL celular no es GSM y ustedes en su informaci&oacute;n colocan GSM eso es un fraude para los usuarios. NO podre utilizar el celular en Venezuela. POr favor se les agradece que me ayuden con esto. Hoy recibi el celular y no es el sistema que necesito no es GSM ahora qu&eacute; hago??? pueden ayudarme a devolverlo y devolverme mi dinero. Espero su pronta respuesta. Agradecida de antemano Mirlena Morfe.Mr. LA company that brought the product brought me a few days ago since I bought .... EL &#8203;&#8203;cell is GSM and you in your place that is a fraud GSM users. I may not use the phone in Venezuela. Are thanked Please help me with this. Today I received the phone and not the system that need is not GSM Now what?? can help to return it and get my money back. I await your prompt response. Thankful in advance Mirlena MOrfe
