
Ok Im using it for about 4 month.Pros.BEAUTIFUL DISPLAY. Yes, it's one of the best out there.Long battery life.Huge size, replaces tablets without any regrets on my side.Splash resistant.Slim and well build all around.Cons.Charging is a mess. Unless you invest in additional side magnetic charging cables, and only few of them are reliable.Build-in speakers are not impressive.No flash.Low resolution rear camera.Final thoughts.Is it better than iPhone 5 or 5s? Yes!! In almost every department.

Fast, HD, Thin, Lighter. What else? This is the best Sony smartphone ever...i would buy an HTC one, but this hone exceed my expectations.

This phone is just really nice looking, perectly slim body and works like a charm. Even though this is my first smartphone, I feel as if i picked the best smartphone, and do not seem to be having any regrets. Beautiful display, super fast response time, and exellent battery life. One thing i did note however was that the box did not come with any screen protectors ( most buyers mentioned getting an extra pair of screen protectors when they brought this phone). Either way I really love this phone and it's been 3 days now and i stil can't keep my hands off of it.

i wish stright talk could give me some internet i tried everything my plan includes internet.....help...!!!...but the phone is awesome..!!

This is the most beautiful phone in the market. It runs great! Everything is good, including excellent 1080p display (yes, it has less than 180 degree viewing angle, who needs this? for other people to peek at what you are doing?). Battery is also good, can last for as long as 5 days with not heavy use including 4 h screening time. Highly recommend.

I love this phone!!!Fast, good designed, water proof, hd screen, perfect camera and more!.... it works perfectly in Colombia!

This phone is just the right size for everything. It's fast, fluid and the quality is very good. I'm coming from the s3 and note 2 b but this is far more comfortable to use. Multitasking is now natural and I don't need third party apps to take up part of my screen. The screen is good but it does not have very good viewing angles. I always look at my phone when I'm doing something so I did not see the need to drop off a star. The audio quality just is out of this world' to think I was going to buy a v-moda vamp for 600 . I bought a case for mine because the front and back is glass! I had better battery life on my note 2 but this phone charges super fast so it's not a big deal for me. It will last a full day at work though! Considering the screen and how thin this thing is, it's just good all around....

Its simply the best smartphone on the market...The screen resolution and camera quality is just superb. Would recommend this phone anytime, any day

Very good but with the actuallitation rest a of bat

This phone is awesome. It's really slim with a large screen and so nice looking. Everyone compliments me on this phone. It takes gorgeous photos too! The only thing though, I have a problem with is the battery life. I have to charge it every day!

The phone is great and works fine but the shipping took so long. It took more time than the stablished. The person who was going to bring it to me to southamerica couldnt bring it because of the tremendous delay. Maybe it's not amazon's fault but i bought it here. Anyway thanks god somebody else was coming to my country and helped me out with that.

Whether you are a young or older, Smartphone doesn't simply mean phone to you; it means everything your brain sees when you hear word &#34;Smart.&#34;  And owning a Smartphone means being smart, whether you are in your 10s or 70s.This phone is a Smartphone, and owning therefore means I am smart.  Now, let me tell you why it beats iPhone.  Firstly, iPhone as its first letter (i) implies, it's an Intosh phone. Intosh comes from McIntosh, and now I hope you know who I am talking.  Basically, Intosh doesn't mean anything about being smart.  That is not my point.I have many friends and families who own iPhones, but the thing is they surendered my Sony Xperia Z after viewing couple photos on my phone. Friends and I took the photos in the same conditions, but my phone delivered the highest quality we could never think. Secondly, it takes less time to process applications on this device than ever.  Also, it has all entertainments people love and hate.  I use the ones I love.What else could I say?On the other hand, the battery discharges faster than it charges, I can say, whereas IPhone's battery keeps the charge for a reasonable amount of time. Other than that, my friends and families who have owned iPhone for a while said my phone is above their.And said, I wonder why Amazon is selling this device at $380 while the original price is up to $750.Please consider this Smartphone if you are looking one that will make you smart!

I was looking for a new cellphone and was innundated with choices: The Samsung Galaxy, HTC, Blackberry Z10, and Nokia 920 were all full of features and every one of them would have made a fine phone. As a long-time Sony-Ericsson customer, the new Sony phones were interesting but the biggest drawback was Android and Google's lack of respect for my privacy.This last point, Android, was in mind the single most important reason to switch to something else, and the Nokia and Blackberry were intriguing choices. After reading all the reviews and analyzing the phones, I was all set to select the Nokia 920...but for the arrogance of Microsoft.Microsoft announced that they were discontinuing support for Windows Phone 8, an OS they introduced only last year. That, along with their refusal to listen to customer feedback on the desktop version of Windows 8 completely turned me off, and now there was no way I was going to buy anything with Windows. So, now I was back to Android despite my privacy concerns about Google.I tried really really hard to like the Samsung, but for a $600+ phone, i wanted something that looked it and couldn't get over the plasticy feeling and cheapness of Samsung's build quality. Additionally, because of my prior business experience in dealing with Korean companies, I was already deeply suspicious of the Koreans cutting corners in quality.Now all my other candidates were eliminated and I went back to Sony to see what they had. One look at the Xperia Z, and I was sold. Others may have better hardware specs, or better software, or better hype (I'm looking at you iPhone), but the Z topped them all in a nice balance between hardware, software, and looks. Best of all, it felt well built and sturdy, yet sophisticated, with blazing fast responsiveness.I bought the Z, and whereas before I'd use the phone strictly for communications (phone/messaging), now, for the first time, I am really enjoying using my phone as a complete computing device. My laptop use has dropped to less than 50%.Well done Sony!!

This phone is fantastic. Many reviews have praised the HTC One for build quality and materials. I had that phone and it doesn't compare to the Sony. This is by far the most beautiful well engineered Android phone ever. The Sony UI is simple and looks great. The only UI I would consider over stock Android. It blows Samsung's Touchwiz out of the water. The Walkman app is gorgeous. Lots of eye candy with this phone. The one downside of the phone is the poor battery life so I have had to adjust my charging habits but its not a deal breaker for me. Well done Sony!

I gave two stars because its water proof. Otherwise it would only get one because of the poor battery life.

I love it its just what I wanted and what he said it'd be. I'm very pleased with my new phone!

Have had it for one day; am happy with it so far.  No problems.  My only issues were personal ones...a bit different than the Samsung Galaxy I just replaced so will take a while for me to get used to it.  Audio is fine; I don't plan on throwing it into a puddle no matter how waterproof it may be, or dropping it (everyone I've known to drop a Samsung or iPhone has cracked glass); I do plan on being a bit careful with plugging it into the charger...the side it's on makes it cumbersome for charging since that's where the fold is on my case -- meaning I need to be more careful putting it in and pulling the plug out--otherwise I will tend to 'bend' as I pull and perhaps that's what's causing some others a problem.  Think it should have been on the same side as the power button.I did have to contact Amazon twice as the order sat there for two days without any movement -- considering I requested 2-day shipping and was promised receipt before it was finally shipped.  However, Amazon did get it out and shipped it next day delivery so I received it one-day after promised delivery.  Good Job.  Amazon responded quickly.  Better than Sony who promised delivery and never did.

I love that its so light weight, it is thin, its video quality its beautiful. The only thing i was disappointed its the battery, the video drains it all.

Purchased about 2-3 months ago, and so far so good.Except for that the battery cannot handle being charged over night, otherwise, drains like crazy during the day. Therefore, I charge no more than 90% to be safe. Odd I know, reviews say it's the software. There can be no apps running in the background or not even in use during the day that before you know it it's at 30%.Other than that... great sleek, water&dust; proof cell which I hope last awhile!

This is what i expected. Love its camera, pretty sharp pictures, with pro settings for a more professional experience, and now i can take photos underwater. Beautiful display, amazing colors.  Very powerful processor, no lags when multitasking, supports high-end games. It comes with Sony preinstalled apps like Walkman and Playstation Mobile. The NFC feature is lovely and since this is an unlocked phone it can be used it with whichever brand i want.Cons:speakers get low sound after you get into water, this can be easily fixed by letting the phone drying several hours.cant move apps to sd, every single app you install gets saved on internal memory and you can only store music, photos,  videos and else on external microSD, this should not be a problem, as the phone has an internal memory of more than 10gb, but this capacity can be exhausted if lots of games are downloaded.I believe that the greatness of the phone consumes the battery a little faster, or am I the one doing this by using it a lot? Cant say, simply amazing!!!!!

Better than I expected. Takes great photos. Easy to use. I had an HTC before and this Sony blows it away!

This phone is really great, has a incredible camera and screen, the waterproof funtion is amazing!! recomended 100%. Pretty and light design.

muy bueno el telefono

Good day, my name is Patricia Williams and I purchased this phone via a friend's sky box . Her name is Wendy Sandy. Tonight my phone fell in water for for not more than three seconds and since then it hasn't come on. I assure you that all the ducts were sealed tightly. As stated in the manual the phone is featured to be waterproof and can be immersed in depths of between 0 to 100 cm for up to 30 mins. My phone fell in no more more than 2 inches of water for seconds. We tried immersing it in rice to draw any water out, but it still hasn't powered on. As such, therein lies my concerns. I bought the phone especially for its water resistant feature and having fell into a little water with all sealed shut, it isn't coming on!!. I would say that this is a rip off. Please give me some guidance as to what I should do next because it seems that you have sold me a defected phone.

a crack inside screen after 6-month use. after sale network of Sony is bad, because I can hardly find any Sony store or service station.

Problem with micro usb port design. 50% chance to insert it correct. And then, it is no longer works.Sony refuses to honor warranty claiming that unit was tempered.Samsung 4s active will do the same thing. But without problems

5 inch HD display is very clear and better then my old phone, just the battery not too long hours

Sony Xperia Z is underated...it's a great phone with unique features. The phone has a sleek design and good value for money!

hello friend I want to know if you accept bank transfers from one account to Panama?

It's a very good phone. I like it...looking forward to higher versions..

by far a complete and mature product, excelent quality and Prestige cellphone. the IPS rating work fine. the music sound exceeded my Expectations. fast response.. SONY the best&iexcl;&iexcl;

I purchased this phone belivig that had the same specification described in sony page, but the phone lacks of LTE network, very dissapointed with that, so i think amazon should clear that specific information for other costumers on listing, and specify that this phone does not work on LTE bands because is not factory capable.

I had a xperia Z and briefly and broke the screen, too early after I bought the phone, this phone @@@@@@...

Love this phone! Can't wait to use it everyday!The purple color is so cool, anyway, thank you so much!

I loved it , its really smart and of so much reasonable price , and received it well wz head phones and charger .

The phone's volume is not loud. The speaker is placed such a way, when you hold the phone, it blocks the sound. Otherwise the phone works good.

Sony phones I bought years ago, this is one of the best that I have had to buy .. Excellent camera, speed, design and water resistance I've tried .. I would recommend a thousand times.

Great phone, great size, great stetics.great price for such characteristicsThe only downside is the battery recharge time and duration

This is 9th phone I have  to used  and 6 of them are sony ! (1 for motorola, i for samsung and 1 Iphone4s) My rate is1/ Sony Xperia2/ Samsung3 /Motorola4/ Iphone this is  very bad phone with me.Nothing to say But if i have a change . It will be Sony Xperia again

amazing android experience, does not feel much lag to explore the sights, and with the new firmware update I have seen an improvement in the processing of photo shots.Taking into account that the Xperia Z C6602, so do not bring LTE but onlyHSDPA 850/900/1700/1900/2100 frequencies

the cell works fantastic,  is unlocked, and arrived in time, and in perfect condition, I truly recomended to buy with them  I love it!

the name of the phone should say it that there is no 4g. I didn't know that there was a second model of the phone. C6602 is 3G only and the C6603 is the 4G!!!!!!!!!!!! so pay attention, because the price diference is low.

I love this phone. Works wonderful and updates about once a month. Great purchase and was a great price for my budget!

fast shipping, great quality.Recommended for any prospect buyers, don't need to think twice.I just found it a little too big, however, for those who work with their phones and hate to bring a smartphone and a tablet to work, this is perfect

Love this phone! I just use a pre-paid service with it but all the features are great! Waterproof and since i dropped it several times,it is a little beat up but didn't shatter like my s3 did.Thinking about the Z1 now.

The phone was not working when I received it, it took 6 hours with sony to reboot it. It is one of the most difficult phones I have ever used, they give you zero instructions and worst of all, the piece of garbage turns on all the time in your pocket and calls your contact numbers. I truly do hate it and am giving it to the kids to use as a toy to play games on. As a phone it is 100% worthless.

got my phone yesterday (purple) and have very little complains about it, only thing I wish was for sony to hurry up and update the u.s firmware like in other places in the world and not leave us to last. so many countries have 253 firmware and some even 307 and i'm still stuch with the one before those two. but I can understand seeing how the u.s was the last to get it. either way I like my xperia z

The phone does not lock to LTE. it only uses HSPA

I haven't been able to fully understand the features of this phone so I'm unable to rate it any other way.Basic features are ok. I'm a bit disappointed with the camera for 13 mp. But since I'm not so &#34;techy&#34; maybe I'm not using it correctly. But so far overall it's an ok phone

Model number doesn't match the box number, I bought a new one. However. When I open it, it was already get through the initial set up and the phone is in other language other then English. I guess it is a refurbish one insteadoif a new.

More than a year with it, and I'm still happy with it, maybe in a couple months I will upgrade it for the Z2, but for now it is still very good and keeps winning over most smartphones in market.

I didn't like the device as soon as I took out of the box and decided to return. I preferred HTC One and enjoying this phone.

Listen to me attentively, you all have literally bought tears to my eyes today to have learnt that this device was inoperable. Its was due to my trust in amazon Prime I decided to purchase this device published as unlocked.I am not pleased at all with your response.  I live in Trinidad, West Indies and the cost of returning this item will be extremely a burden on me given that I already incurred expenses to have its shipped into Trinidad coupled with double expenses I incurred today to try to get it unlocked this broken device.  Right now I am real real angry over this experience.All you have done is to have me lost total trust in Amazon and this will be the very last purchase Amazon will get from me. sorry.As a result, I cant even say I will sell it to someone because ite not working.  You came across really callous because I am placed in another position to find more money to purchase another device.  Would you all refund these money i incurred too?I now inplore for a refund. this is not fair at all.  I gave you all my hard earned and sacrificed money, a single mother and you all gave me in return a broken item.  I need my refund. This is blatant injustice.

I bought two of these at the Sony store. The one my wife had started powering itself off whenever the screen was on after 6 months. I got an RMA# from Sony Support on February 5th and to this date I do not have a replacement or repaired phone.

This is a big disappointment !!!!!!!!!!!!! bought this unit from t-mobile and the reception is terrible . unit always tells me to connect to wifi to make calls. HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT !!!!

The product is amazing. Its been a month now and its working perfectly fine. Thanks for the awesome service! Suggestion -  Maybe amazon can send some complimentary goodies as well with the product.

look sexy on hand but cell phone body is super hot when playing game or music  it could be battery is overheat

i just got the phone yesterday night. i turn on in morning and i saw charge is not hold more than 20 minute. for this reasoni want to replace it but they do not have any option.what i can i do by this garbage phone. is more than 420 dollar i want my money back.

Nice for a gift, excellent features and easy to operate.  Works great for a business person or even for a busy wife

My new Sony Xperia Z is very fast, I have not been able to prove under water but hope it works well .. For the rest the screen resolution is spectacular and the phone speed is incredible.

Amazing phone, always wanted a Sony phoneUsed it with my STRAIGHT_TALK service plan which was a pain in the ass to figure it out (APNs ect) make sure you update it! And after go into settings , more&#62;internet settings &#62; press ok, click on AT&T;  ,after go into mobile network&#62; APN settings. Google Xperia Z APN settings .That was my only problem, but super happy it worked.Battery could be betterOther than that, awesome interface, smooth, fast, and no freezes. :)I upgraded from a Samsung S3 .

I ordered this phone after extensive research and after buying one for my wife, I was convinced. The screen is beautiful except in certain bright light settings, when you can see the bits that make up the screen. They look like lots of little rectangles on underneath the glass. Apart from that, my experience so far has been good, the battery life is as expected for modern  phones, it will last for two days with little usage or almost one day with heavy usage. The images that this phones captures are of very high quality, so much so that on our last vacation we did not take our regular point and shoot because the phones are so good at it. The screen and back of this phone are a fingerprint magnet, so if you are OCD like me be sure and have a soft cloth on hand to clean it after every conversation or after any extended usage. I have tested the water resistant claims of the phone by having a shower and using it to answer a call and also to check an email, it still works up to the time of this writing.

Last phone was a Google Nexus 4, $300+s/h/tax ($350).  What was bad about the Nexus 4 was a bluetooth issue with my car. This phone does not have that problem.  +1 XperiaZ.  However the Nexus 4 grabs the cellular signal much better. +1 Nexus4.This phone gets Real Warm with regular web use. Seems to cool off to what I think is a more appropriate temperateure if you turn off data altogether but it otherwise (data on) it is unpleasantly hot with any use.This phone has about the same processor and battery but plays Need for Speed Most Wanted with more lag, for the only practical comparison of performance.  They are both fast. This phone has better camera. Sound quality seems very good but I do not like the placement of the speakerphone which is in the bottom right corner of the phone and is very easy to cover with your finger, making it near silent.I like the photo gallery, but the rest of Sony's bloatware is unappreciated by me and anything that can extend the battery and reduce useless processor time (heat) would be more desirable.I'm having a hard time not pushing the button to return this phone. I want to like it but the reduced coverage & battery life are a really big deal for me, for the money they are charging for this and the comparables I think it is not up to snuff.

Just got it.Switched from my Galaxy Note 2...it's smaller but not that much so.The screen is High Definition but it's a bit washed out.It charges very quickly but the battery life is not good.GPS starts up very quickly for Navigation unlock my GSII.The phone is beautiful...very distinct.I don't like how you can see the gridlines of the touchscreen in certain lighting (can't on my GSII).Speakerphone for phone calls is not that great; music sounds good but the volume isn't that great.These are my first impressions.  I'll update later.***Updated***OK - Back to Amazon my Xperia Z went.  KUDOS to Amazon for having such a wonderfully efficient return/refund process.  I returned the phone Monday, it arrived at their Lexington, KY warehouse Tuesday and refund was back in my bank account Wednesday.  Wow.The phone was well made, great materials.  But the washed out screen, HORRIBLE battery life, and tinny sounding 'speaker' made the phone just not worth it.  Don't tell me about 'turn wifi off, turn GPS off, turn data off'..You may as well just TURN THE PHONE OFF.  If you can't use the features of the phone, what's the point?The relief I felt when I switched back to my beautiful and capable Galaxy Note II was very surprising.  I LOVE my Note II.For the record, I 'abuse' the heck out of my Note II all day long and the battery lasts all day and night.

Water resistant and dust resistant, perfect for my little sister! If you really need ip57, then this is the phone for you, other wise look at the HTC one or Galaxy S4

The clean design of its shapes, high resolution screen, quality sound, the optical lens of your camera and quality of being waterproof, they do for me the best smartphone, only their applications could be more for your camera

This was a gift for a guy.He was and still is, in love with this phone!He describes it as an amazing phone.He loves to show it off..

The phone in general is ok, and how I expected. Nevertheless, it has been more than a month now that when I turn the mobile data on, phone and sim looses signal totally, sometimes even restarts. It is so disturbing, making me sell it.

To start with, this thing is gorgeous. The edges are lined with a plastic/rubber like material which does not stand out. The back is reflective enough to see your face on and has 'XPERIA' lettered onto it. Other than the large, silver lock button on the side, this thing would have been perfectly symmetrical. It's very thing but the edges are squared so you can have stand anywhere level at both portrait and landscape view.If you still did not know... this thing is COMPLETELY waterproof. Took it into a swimming pool, shower and Jacuzzi. Works perfectly. I don't bother with wiping grease or sweat from it anymore, just stick it under the sink and dry it off. I've also dropped it several times onto asphalt, carpet and tiles (all accidental. Yes I'm a bit clumsy) and there isn't a single scratch on it... The 'bumper' edges work really well.Originally the software was kind of laggy. Some of the apps responded slow but with the latest android update (Version 4.3 at the time of this review) its become almost flawless. The camera is great, even in low light conditions and Sony recently added a lot of new features for it.Now for some less common details. I have not had to root the phone yet. Sony bundled in some handy features. One of them is external drive support. What that means is you can buy an 'OTG' cable (2 or 3$ from Amazon) and use that to plug in an external flash drive or hard drive and transfer files to and from it. Not sure about other android devices but on my Nexus 7 in order to use that feature, it had to be rooted. So far its supported my 1 TB external drive without problems.The other feature is native support for PS3 controllers. Combine a PS3 controller (or any usb gamepads) with the OTG cable and you can use that to play games on your device.I had originally bought this for about 530$ but its even cheaper now. Definitely a must buy.

Got to use it for a bit from a friend and loved it.Theres not much that can go wrong in sony technology.Super powerful processor.Unbelievable good camers and great connectivity.A great buy .

I have never been happier with a phone!!  The display is gorgeous.  The sound quality is great.  It's got really fast processors.  Awesome preloaded sounds and photos (which I usually hate).  The preloaded apps are really useful too--no junk that's just wasting space.  I haven't gotten it wet so I can't be sure if it's truly waterproof ;)  The cameras are fabulous (both of them, though the front one is obviously lower quality, as is expected).  Google chrome browser.  Beautiful design :)  McAffee Mobile Security!! Very sleek and responsive.  I am in love with this phone.  My boyfriend that has a brand new iPhone is jealous, and so is everyone else that sees it!!  People are always really interested in it--at first because they didn't know Sony still made cell phones (since they aren't advertised--usually, this one is though!!) but then because of the cool features!  This phone is LOTS pricier than my previous phones, but well worth it.  I am in love with it.

I bought this phone for my mom.She loves the phone but the downside is that the phone charger was not working after two days of using it.I tried with different phone but it failed to charge.

Nice cell

Love it! As long as you're in a decent coverage area, you can get great speeds off it even though it doesn't have LTE. It gets faster then others I've had *on* LTE. Screen is better on it then it appeared on the newer ones, but, maybe it was my imagination. KitKat just came out for it. Sony Developer has all you need incase you want to root - there's a right way and wrong way. The wrong way could cost you warranty, so be careful! I highly recommend this, or any of the Sony's, especially if you have a Sony Store near you.. I can't name another android you can take into a storefront like Apple if your phone is having issues :)  oh, and if you're an iphone user, they sell a cable, and have an app, which without a computer, you can transfer all your music, movies, contacts, pictures, etc. with. Plus, who doesn't think it's cool to be able to take photos under water at the pool :)

The phone itself is amazing, i love it! Terrible first time buying a phone from amazon though. The package came in terrible condition, the seal sticker on the inside was already off and the cables that came with it were dirty. The phone itself seem fine though.

It's a cool phone, has the newest security standards in protection against dust, water and snow. Also has NFC, a good processor and the necessary amount of ram for a good performance. For the value I have already bought it's the better adquisicion that i can do in cost benefit comparison with another phones.

Received my phone in record time and I am loving it so far. Guess I didn't really read the dimensions cuz I wasn't expecting that size, expected smaller hehehe, either way I love it. The display is great, I am getting used to the smart dial but I prefer the speed dial. I like all the features really, loving the swipe feature. For sure I could not have done that on my BB9700. Thanks Sony, really like my phone

Bad phone doesn't last for lonh

Is an excellent team, applications are fabulous and the camera has halta like the screen resolution. I received it in perfect condition and on time. This phone is ideal for athletes. I recommend it! thanks

I bought the Xperia Z 6602 model about 6 weeks and absolutely love it. I bought it because it met most of my criteria. It's water proof. I'll take their word for it. I had a bad experience once with a Motorola Razr that was supposed to be waterproof as well but turned out not to be as water proof as they said it was. Moving on, I also wanted a quad core with a decent amount of ram and Sony delivered very well on both. I updated mine to 4.3 as soon as I got it and it's very snappy, no lag at all. I also wanted an SD slot so I could transfer the 32gb card from my old Samsung along with all my data. Plus I wanted an android phone. I have an iPad and really like apple products but I find iTunes to be more trouble than it's worth. I run Windows 8 on my desktop and like Windows but not on my phone. Windows RT has a long way to go before it's ready for prime time. To me, Android is the only viable choice for a smart phone.I also wanted a decent camera with a flash and Sony delivered here as well. It takes pretty decent pictures but it's not perfect. In my opinion the iPhone cameras are more user friendly and take slightly better pictures. The thing with the Sony camera is you have to play with the settings to get nice pictures. It has a superior auto feature that is supposed to take nice pictures without any manual settings but they seem to come out better if you set it up manually. In daylight the pictures are perfect. It's the low light where things get tricky. There's a lot of camera software and options on this phone that you won't find on any other smart phone. If you're willing to play with the different filters and focus options you can get some nice low light pictures with it. I find the single auto focus and backlight correction seem to produce the best low light pictures. For me it doesn't quite replace my pocket camera and definitely not our SLR camera either but for a smart phone camera it's more than adequate.I also wanted high speed mobile data and the HSPA+ is way better than my old 3g Samsung. It would be nice if they would include an LTE radio on the 6602, but it's not going to happen. If you want a US market Xperia Z with an LTE radio in it you have to get the 6606 from T Mobile but then you get a T Mobile Logo on the back, and another T Mobile logo on the lock screen and it uses their custom boot loader so for me I'd rather live without the LTE radio and stay with the unlocked model. And by the way, don't buy the 6603 model if you're planning on using it in the US. It's designed for use overseas and will not give you LTE or HSPA+ bands in the US. It will only give you the old Edge network which is like going back to dial up.The other thing I wanted was an NFC chip. This is actually my biggest gripe about the Sony. It has the NFC chip and supports android beam but due to the secure element it is blocked from working with google wallet for tap and pay. There are some work arounds like rooting the phone and using root explorer to change the device name to something like Nexus or Galaxy but you shouldn't have to root your phone just to be able to pay for a cup of coffee with your phone. My current solution is using the google wallet debit card. Also from what I've read the Kit Kat update which is due out this month is supposed to fix the google wallet issue.My other requirements were for it to be unlocked and it is. I wanted to have tethering built in natively without rooting or apps and it is. Also SIP is built in natively and works perfectly, no apps required. I needed GPS and of course it has it and it works very well. My other and one of my main requirements was good sound and Sony hit the nail on the head with the sound quality. I love the Walkman app and also the built in FM radio is a very nice touch.One of the other best features on this phone is the chipset control widget. It's very nice to not have to go in to settings to control wif, Bluetooth, mobile data, nfc, backlight, etc. You can control them all from the widget. Very useful. The battery life is very acceptable, no complaints there. I also wanted screen capture which is built natively into Android now and works great by pressing the power button and volume down button for one second.And probably my biggest requirement is for the phone to work well and it really does. The first call I made to my friend Jim, he said &#34;Where are you calling me from, it sounds like you're in the next room.&#34; Very clear calls and great cellular reception even in areas with weak signals where other phones would be dropping the calls the Xperia just works.One thing lacking at this time is a built in emoji keyboard for texting friends with iphones. It comes with Whatsapp pre installed with an emoji keyboard that works great. However, I understand that the Kit Kat update will finally add an emoji keyboard as well so hopefully that will be resolved soon.What I really like about this phone is how thin and light it is. I also like not having the same phone as everyone else. And the size of the phone seems to be more in the phablet category than the phone category but that's ok. It still fits in my pocket and since I got it I don't have to carry my iPad around with me at work anymore because the 5&#34; screen size is big enough to actually read email and view web pages on.Basically there are way more pros to this phone than cons. I would recommend it to anyone looking for a quality, unlocked, GSM smart phone at a reasonable price. If you're a hard core tech junkie and want the latest updates as soon as they come out and an LTE radio in an unlocked phone then maybe you should buy a Nexus. For a skinned, unlocked android phone, the Xperia is the best of the best.

Steve Jobs made me mad when my perfectly good iphone 3 was made functionally obsolete by an update in iOs. I was in the market for a tablet at the time. In an effort to get even with apple I actively sought an alternative to their ecosystem. After looking at several android tablets, I settled on the Sony tablet S- their first android tablet (I should probably identify myself as a Sony fan boy...). It has been a year and a half and have been pleasantly surprised- in fact, I'd say that I prefer android now.So with that as a backdrop, I'll now tell you about the Xperia Z- I have had it for just short of two months. At the start, it took some adjustment to how it gets things done versus iOs- subtle differences that were unfamiliar at first. After working thru that break in and learning how stuff works, I can say that I am very happy with this phone. It works without hiccups and has been very smooth. Every function I've tried has worked- &#34;throwing&#34; media to a dlna compatible device is still a bit jerry and hit or miss. Integration with other Sony products is solid to the extent that the other Sony products are modern enough to be integrated. The phone is well made, thoughtfully laid out, and sized to be functional in the hand. The screen is responsive to touch, gorgeous to behold. Sony's tweaks on stock Android are unobtrusive and often very functional additions (my wife wishes her Samy phone could run some of the Sony &#34;small apps&#34; and a few of the other proprietary Sony stuff). Android 4.2.2 came a few weeks ago and offers some enhancements over the previous edition. Sony also introduced a &#34;find my Xperia&#34; function which seems to work well in the testing I've done with it. It's nice to be able to wash this phone off too. I purposely avoid wristwatches, and footware that are not waterproof- to not have these items waterproof just doesn't make sense in my life. And I would add a phone to the list of things that will have to be waterproof in my life going forward. It's hard to think of another  item that you use daily while you are out and about, that you handle in public places and then put up to your face without washing it off. It seems to be catching on as a concept too- I saw a new version of the Samy galaxy phone is available in a waterproof edition. It only makes sense...I would also recommend you consider purchase of a phone thru amazon where possible (without a contract) the &#34;bloatware&#34; that at&t;, t-mobile, Verizon and others put on phones you get from them is just about useless, and only serves you adds from the carrier- no thank you. Alot of it cannot be removed from your phone either.In summary, I would gladly order this phone again, and I would recommend it to others.

it the worst cell phone. it is really hard to use. it takes along time to charge it.  l do not like it at all

I bought this for my granddaughter to replace her older Sony Xperia and she loves it. She especially likes the front facing camera feature. She has T-Mobile service - the SIM card from the old phone would not fit so we had to purchase a micro SIM from T-Mobile. It was $10 but they transferred everything to the new SIM which was a big help. This phone is larger that the old one which takes getting used to. She is very happy with this phone.

It is very uncomfortable phone with bad service reception (I've had a t-mobile version) and very troublesome interface. The charger port is quite hard to pull open (due to the "water proof" construction. Before I'd gotten sonY xPeria arc, for 2 years. And it was only great for 1 year. Then it got buggy and troublesome. Why did I buy another sOny failure?However, the speaker device I've gotten for free with the phone, is really great, no question. Sony is ok with other things except for phones.Also, T-mobile charged me $135 for the first month of the family plan which is officially $90 per month for 3 lines. this is just $90 plus taxes. Does this 135 call "$90 per month"? I cancelled it yesterday. 50 % taxes? Joking.Please be aware, when you buy T-mobile phone or plan (without a contract!!!) your credit history is hard pulled. You get a hard inquiry.I called customer service about this matter and they "apologized" saying it's not a contract, but they "have had needed to check my credit because some account openers are don't get approved. And that my credit is fine". Yes it WAS fine, but their inquiry lowered it. I'm happy I closed my T-mobile account today and returned this bulky cell phone.

This is by far the best phone I have ever owned. The display is gorgeous, the processor is very fast, the camera is great, and it is waterproof!

Had this phone for a few months now.Just a couple of cons...Photos suffer from the "purple" haze effect.  Too bad for such a nice phone.  Sony hopefully will correct this problem with its newer phones.Speaker is located right where you hold the phone, so sound gets muffled when you hold the phone with your right hand.  No stereo speakers, so wait for the Xperia i1.  But, its got a good amp inside to power Sony headphones (not just earbuds!).

Very sleek phone. I like a lot that it's super slim and also that it is all covered in glass. The phone is very fast as well. The only thing that I do not like about the phone is that it does bot have a dedicated camera button.

Love my phone bought 2 of them one for me one for my wife we both are really happy with them

This was a gift to my nephew and he wanted to have Sony Xperia Z  and one of the reason is this is water resistant

everything ok so far , water resistance is great , am luvin it , got it today , it's battery doesn't take so long to die :\

good management by the very professional shop I get the phone intact and sealed south america I served in perfect

I cant wait for amazon or whoever sold this phone of amazon to get it back. I bought this phone for my Aunty daughter that came to visit from africa, she couldnt take the phone with her so i had to ship the phone to a friend that was going home to give it to my cousin, she has been waiting for the phone ever, on getting the phone, turned on the phone, the phone powered on for 30mins and went died and it hasnt come up ever since, my uncle had to change is business trip to bring the phone back to the state for return for change to another phone or refund the money, a phone of $633.25 has cost us over $2000 in flight trips just to get it back. I'm highly disappointed in whoever sent out this defect product. I need a refund or change the product to a working one. Thanks.

Phone was shipped on time with fast delivery and good phone, but the battery performance is okay. I will recommend it to people who really like big screen and like to use constantly the internet

The phone is very good.Very powerful and quick.Cons:Bad/poor sound level (speaker and loudspeaker)Get warm sometimes.I miss the LG Status Bar long press functionality.WARNING: Don't remove the NFC protective plastic!NFC pin is painted and will lose all its paint getting all white!Rubber sealing for water isolation gets broken in charger port.Screen seems plastic and easily marked, needs protection.Gray frame looses its paint and gets black.UPDATE: its not a NFC pin, just a sticker.

Wouldn't keep a charge... Had a lot of problems with this phone :-(

It's the worst I've been able to buy, is a very expensive phone and a lie that is waterproof, it accidentally submerged in a wading pool for a period less than one minute and equipment damage. No useless and I have no such contact seller for the warranty.

Is an the best phone in the world in you moment.  These is an great phone the sony company. Is so happy an this phone

Works great, ships on the fly.

I got new Sony Xperia Z phone.After 3 months,my phone dropped and causes the touchscreen not to work.I contacted Sony technical support to fix my phone.As I was told it is not a warranty issue, I was advised to pay $185 flat rate for the repair.They created an RMA on 07/12/2013.I sent my phone to Sony repair center.After delivery on 7/18/13, I got an email from Sony that they will repair my device within 14 Business days starting from the date of delivery. They will contact me within that period to pay $185 for the repair in case the damage is not warrantied.I called Sony on 8/6/13 and I was told that my phone will be shipped back the following day and they will email me the tracking#.I called them again the next day and they confirmed the same information.I called them on 8/8/13 requesting any updates.To my surprise, they escalated my case to a manager called Eddie.He affirmed they will contact me within 48 business hours.Unfortunately I never got a call back.On 08/12 I called them again.I spoke with another manager who did not bother wasting his time with me informing me that Eddie has left for the day and I have to call back the following day.Tuesday, I called and spoke with Eddie.He said that there is no part for my phone that is why it is on hold.He promised me to check if they can replace the phone.Eddie called me the following day stating that Sony will replace my phone and if I do mind if the color is black.This is the only color they have in stock.I did not mind.So Eddie confirmed that they will ship the new phone out that day and I will be receiving my phone the following day.AS I did not receive anything on 8/15, I called Eddie back to ask for a tracking number. He told me that he will get back to me by the end of the day with a tracking#.I was so surprised when I received a call from Sony, speaking with a supervisor Carlos who told me that my phone was evaluated and it is not a warranty issue.They won't repair it and they will send it back

I already am using evolution the Z1. This team now has it my brother and walk perfect. What is not desirable to me they are those little lids for each connection. They are annoying, in order to open and I always am afraid that they can break and there are no spare parts to get in Argentina.

I am so happy with this phone it's the best phone from sony :D , I had a Nokia N9 and I was happy with it but this phone rocks love Xperia Z

BATTERY HAS POOR CONSUMPTION DOES NOT LAST LONG EVEN WHEN NOT IN USE, IT IS JUST POWER DRAINING. ANDROID OS SUCKS. IF THIS HAS A BETTER OS I WILL DEFINITELY RECOMMEND TO OTHERS.OVERALL NICE SCREEN, VISIBLE ENOUGH FOR VIEWING.

I have had the phone for 2 weeks now, and it is just GREAT!!! it is fast,  the camera is great, even in low contidion, in fact, it is like having a camera, that you can talk through!  videos are just incredible, the screen look just perfect. Don't believe all you read! I saw a lot of reviews that criticized the quality of the screen, it looks great! it's perfect image! true colors. As far as games, you can play whatever you want, NO glitches.I am more than pleased, with this phone, money well spent!

Excellent product from Sony come from a Samsung Galaxy S3 and the change is tremendous, much more fluid, very good camera, very elegant. The only thing I see against it are the buttons inside the screen, the sound a bit low, the rest is great. I recommend it.Excelente producto de Sony vengo de un Samsung GAlaxy S3 y el cambio es tremendo, mucho mas fluido, c&aacute;mara muy buena, muy elegante. Lo &uacute;nico que le veo en contra son los botones dentro de la pantalla, aunque luego te acostumbras, el sonido un poco bajo, de resto es fenomenal. Lo recomiendo.P.D: Lo uso en Movistar Venezuela.

the display is beautiful.  love the camera and editing effects.  although it is large, it is not uncomfortable to use with one hand.

Its all perfecti love itthe best of sonythe screen its perfectits faster and good handlingperfect

great phone, slick, nice, but the water proof goes out the way if you used one port to often because the robber stop griping the way it should.besides that i like the phone

A+++++ Phone works perfectly great seller.

This is by far the best phone I have ever owned. The display is gorgeous, the processor is very fast, the camera is great, and it is waterproof!The Display:The 5 inch display on this phone has a resolution of 1080p. That is the same resolution as your HD tv on a 5 inch screen. This makes for 443 pixels per inch which results in an incredibly sharp picture. You cannot see pixels at all. The display also has Sony's Mobile Bravia Engine 2 which enhances color contrast while watching videos and viewing pictures. This really makes the pictures and videos pop, it makes them incredibly vivid. When the BE2 is not running the display's contrast is not as high, but you don't always need oversaturated colors. The viewing angles are far from stellar but most people will view the screen straight on anyways. Gaming with this screen really is a treat. The display is one of the best around.The Processor:This phone is powered by a quadcore 1.5 ghz Krait S4 chip coupled with 2gbs of ram. This results in incredibly fast performance even when multitaksing. The phone almost never lags. The Krait cores are very quick and are more than adequate, even with a 5 inch full HD display. All the games I have played run well. Browsing the internet is equally as snappy. Pages load quickly and smoothly. Zooming in and out is very quick as well.The quadcore processor in this really flexes its muscles in benchmark tests. I got around 7900 in the quadrant standard, over 2060 on the Geekbench 2, over 20,000 on Antutu, and over 2800 on Passmark Performance. All of these scores are higly impressive and show you what kind of power the device has. The performace does carry over to real world usage.The Cameras:The rear camera is 13.1 megapixels and takes incredible pictures. It has the Exmor RS sensor which adjusts numerous things for you. For the most part the results are stunning. Images come out clear and the colors are very vibrant. Occasionlay you will need to change a few setting around to get a better picture though. For example disabling flash. The camera never fails to impress me. With a camera like this there is no need to carry an actual digital camera around.The front facing camera is 2.2 megapixels and can shoot 1080p video. This is very impressive for a front facing camera because most of the current ones are only capable of 720p.The Buttons and Interface:This phone utilizes the on screen android buttons. They are very responsive and don't take up too much space. The side buttons (like the power button and volume rocker) are responsive and easy to press as well. I have no complaints about the buttons.Sony has there own overlay for the Android OS. It is very light and very pleasing to the eyes. It has many great features such as small apps. With small apps you can open a miniature app while running another at the same time, both on the screen. For example, you can open a calculator while on the browser. This feature can be incredibly useful and convenient. I prefer Sony's overlay over Samsung's TouchWiz. My only real complaint when it comes to Sony's overlay is that it lacks a default task manager.The on sceen keyboard is very responsive and auto-correct works well. Turning the phone sideways gives you a lot of room, especially if you have larger hands.The Music Player:A lot of people use their phones as there music players and some phones have horrible audio quality. This phone is not one of those phones. Audio quality is great and there are many different settings that you can adjust to get the best sound. You have five band equalizers and all kinds of different options such as a dynamic normailizer which adjusts the volume differences between songs. Even though the phone has all these options I find myselfy using the "Clear Audio+" option. This automatically adjusts the equalizers for each song and the result is great. All the songs sound nice and, well clear with this feature.The music player is very nice to look at, it changes color based on the album artwork which is very neat. You can create playlists on the phone and even edit the music info. If you spelled the name of a song wrong when transfering it, you can fix it right there on the phone. If you are missing album artwork you can get it right on the phone. I am very pleased with the music player on this device.The "Waterproof featue":This phone is designed to survive under one meter of water for up to half an hour at a time. While most people will avoid getting their phones wet it is a comforting feature to have. It is also a unique feature for a high end smartphone. It means you won't have to say "bye" to your phone if you drop it in the bathtub.The Battery Life:Battery life on the phone is decent. It is nothing great. I get about 1 and a half days of moderate to heavy usage before I have to charge it (with stamina mode enabled). The phone has "Stamina Mode" which turns off things while they are not in use. This does help the battery life quite and bit and is a useful feature.Connectivity:This phone is a GSM phone and is capable of HSPA+ 4G. This one is NOT LTE Capable. This is not a factor for me because my provider doesn't offer LTE.The wifi connector on this phone is good. It has a good range and is allows for a quick and strong connection. Of all the devices in my house it is able to get the fastest upload speeds on the exact same connection.Storage:The phone comes with 16gbs of storage but allows expansion via a micro sd card slot. Only about 11.7gbs of the internal storage are available for usage but if you have a micro sd card you can have more than a sufficient amount of storage for your pictures, music, videos, and applications. My only major complaint with the storage is that it doesn't allow the transfer of apps to the SD card. This feature would be very useful.Conclusion:This is an incredible phone and is a great deal. It offers incredible performance and an amazing display. Sony has a great overlay that is innovative and light on the processor. The camera is of stellar quality and the overall build of the phone is as well. It is not a cheap plastic phone. In addition it can survive being submerged in water which is something that no other phone in its class can boast. This is an outstanding phone and I am very satisfied with it!UPDATE (1/2/14):The phone is now running on android 4.3 and the newer OS brought many small improvements with it.Main Changes:-The Music Player is now much louder. It's about as loud as my Ipod Touch now.-The Camera UI has changed slightly. It's now more similar to the one found on the Z1.-You can now download additional theme packs from the Play Store.-The color calibration in the home screens and app screens has changed slightly.-Synthetic Benchmark scores have improved. The phone now scores about 9000 on Quadrant Standard.

Sony Xperia Z - Awesome Phone - Design/Build Quality - 9/10 - Brilliant but dont like the headfone flap, Controls - 9/10 - Camera button missing and should be little curvy, Display - 9/10 - Very Good but average viewing angles, Battery - 9/10 - very good, User Interface - 9/10 - Simple and nice and no stupid gimmicks, Performance - 9/10 - very good, Telephony - 9/10 - very good, Album/walkman/movies - 9/10 - excellent, Camera - 9/10 - excellent - Verdict - 9/10 - excellent phone from Sony.

Is realy cool! I love it! Love The color. The only thing wrong Will be The size is to big for informaci&oacute;n use

Great phone.  Very fast with great screen resolution.  Connects to my other devices easily.  Hve not tried it under water yet.

This phone is great. i have not a single issue with it. A beautiful phone with a lot of performance. Many good features and so pretty!I bought a dock for it so i wouldn't have to open the flaps. Also put a micro sd in there (16gb) for some more storage(movies, music and photos).

I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS PHONE!! I tend to have the absolutely worst luck with technology and this phone has yet to malfunction on me after 3 months. The functions are simple yet high tech.Pros-It's fast and easy to use.-Set up is simple.-Comes with built in screen shot- Has picture and audio enhancers (it's really loud even on low volume)- Camera is clearer than any androids or iPhones I've used.-It recharges quickly-Has a button to go back and forth between apps.-IT'S WATERPROOFCons-It gets really hot really quick-Doesn't come with a call reject list-There's a 3 second delay in function after it gets unplugged from charger.-The battery dies quickly (mainly because I'm always on the web)-It's a bit big (compare to what I'm used to)-Screen is a little sensitive.-There isn't a (-->) button on the web.

Perfect size to make you not miss a tablet, or a smaller phone. Sexy Camera. Crisp screen. Snappy. Waterproof. What else do you want? Perfect phone.

This is an amazing phone I been loyal to Sony brand on audio and video but on phones I neve had a good phone as this one simple amazing. I will use it as second screen on my PS4.

Nice phone and moreover it's my Christmas gift  from my boyfriend, that's the more reason am in love with it.

I'm from Venezuela and my phone works perfectly with Movistar. I tried it with Digitel and it worked fine. The very good camera, it's a fast phone. I took pictures under water but the phone when under a stream open and close applications and is annoying, but if it is in a pool or beach works perfect.

I always want a unit phone, not S4 not Iphone 5. this is the phone I researched a lot and wondered about what the carrier for the phone?I just got it about 3 days at the Sony store. When I went to T-mobile to buy a new sim card for it, the guy called everyone came to check out my phone. I have T-mobile as my carrier and the internet works well. Remember make a checked for "Mobile data traffic",if not you can't get internet.

screen blackout during using, disrupting operation

Good afternoon, I am writing to inform you that my purchase never arrived at his destination so I was on the duty to request reimburse me my money but to date neither have given me think it is irresponsible of you hope you can give me answers and solve my problem as fast as possible

Having used Androids from day one I had turned into a Samsung fan until 2 of them died on me. Was forced to select an phone on an overseas trip when my Nexus 3 simply died. Shopping around for a phone with HSPA+ to work with TMobile in the US landed me with limited options - The Xperia was one.Its a blast, I love that Sony has listened and brought the SD back, the micro USB charger back with one superb camera.I went from DSLR to pocket to now nothing in cameras. I just carry my Xperia and an add on charger for longer trips.Battery life - checkSize - checkRugged - checkWater proof - check (I sail and this thing with ability to put a lanyard rocks)Sound quality is excellent through the headphones and slightly lower than others to the ear possibly due to water proofing. Also sound volume changes in strange ways based on reflection of sound when you hold it in your hands in speaker mode.i also ordered the addon battery pack which is simply too good for an added 6-8 day of power .B00CWXDIXOGlad Sony got its act in place to standardize on accessories.

I've been using the Z for six months now. There are pros and cons to the phone. Make no mistake, it is a expensive flagship phone with a lot of processor power and memory. However, I have to rant about a thing or two.First of all, the wifi reception is horrible, almost making you want to stop using wifi at all. Of course, wifi is more battery-friendly than mobile data, so you really can't.Also the gps works bad. It takes many seconds for it to find you. It often also loses the satellite connection. This is especially annoying if you, like me, travel a lot and depend on offline maps.What's more, the camera could be better.Bottom line: would I buy this phone now that I know better? Probably not, since there were and are better phones around for this price range.

Sin problemas.

it's an amazing phone, the camara is great, it have a very unique look, so elegant, i recomend it 100%

The screen is great. The performance also. Im very satisfied. Its worth the price. And its Sony. Great quality. Great brand.

Amazing cellphone, very nice battery lifespan, the signal is amazing even in zones where the signal in other phone is quite poor and bad this phone endures the challenge. Its a wonderfull phone

this phone is Excelent, But waterproof!, when I probe with water, superficially, fogging and take you to check and was told that he had entered the water, separate wing inside the device, but did not suffer major damage.

It's a very elegant phone, beautiful design and fast as they claimed with its quadcore processor. Really nice phone, I don't regret this purchase, if you're looking for an android cellphone, look no further, Sony Xperia has the best phones ever, and more affordable than the other brands like Samsung Galaxy.

I BUY THIS PHONE IN JULY, AND THIS And this has been updated to ANDROID 4.3 LATEST VERSION OF TROUBLE... ITS SUPER FAST AND THE PHOTOS AND VIDEOS IN HD IS SO GREAT AND BEUTIFULL... THE COLORS OF THE PHOTOS IS IDENTIC AT THE REAL LIFE.. AMAZING...

I waited to write my review unless I had the phone long enough to give an honest opinion.  I work around a kitchen so waterproof is one of the features that sold me.  Lots of people have dropped their phone in a sink full of dishes and had to get a new one, so that alone makes it worth the money.  It is a very nice looking phone and I like the fact it isn't the phone &#34;everyone&#34; has so it stands out to people more.  Very thin and sleek!  Has every option any other new phone has, is a little less in price, waterproof, very attractive.  I had it in my cart for over 2 weeks scared to make the wrong decision.  If it is in your cart &#34;hit the button&#34; you won't regret it!  Everything from old phone transferred so I didn't miss a beat!

Velocity,excelent.Apparence-beautifulResistance-LowCamera-With natural light the best, but with artificial light is bad.Memory-Excelent.For me the best choise for buy a cellphone.

Great phone with the gorgeous screen, great camera, waterproof and fast phone, I also love the big screen. Its a bomb

Well, I have use Sony's phone for long time and i like it. i have been used about 10 to 20 sony's or sonyericsson phine till now. I like this phone since I saw it, some one saids that it is not LTE net work. Please note that this is c6602 not 6603, 6603 is the one that use LTE net work, and 6602 is for the 3G net work. LTE net work is not available in the US. So if you buy 6603, the LTE net work are not gonna work.

Very sharp device. Responsive even with the Sony Skinned software. Clear audio when talking. Used on T-Mobile and Indonesian Networks. Fast downloads WiFi 4g/3g. I thought it would be uncomfortable to hold due to shape. Bit the device fits very nice in hand. Listened to music while in the shower. Awesomely clear dispite the reviews stating the sound was muffled. What do you expect from a sealed device. All in all very impressed with the screen the responsiveness and the overall functioning of the phone. Kudos Sony.

The delivery of the phone was on time, in perfect conditionthe camera is great, the sharpness of the videos is wonderfulI had the Sony Xperia T, both phones are a good acquisition

...and I've had quite a few. After learning it's lesson with the heavy-handed (and painfully slow) Timescape, Sony's Android skin is smooth and silky, never more so than on the Xperia Z. I am honestly surprised how much I fell for this phone, as am huge tech junkie and go through 'em quick either through contract or importing 'em outright. But the Z is solid, the weight is great, and is sexy as all get-out. The update Walkman app is a fine and fluid hub for all your music, and with the SD card slot, you can really pack 'em in. Camera is fantastic, tho can't touch Nokia's Lumia 1020 (who can?). Forget the nitpicking you've heard over the viewing angles of the screen-with clarity and color like this, you're gonna spend all your time staring at it head on. Waterproofing is lagniappe but very cool. While Samsung is busy copying and churning out the same old stuff and cheap design, Sony is going through the stratosphere on sleekness, speed and style. My sim card has been stuck in this phone ever since I got it, and if you knew me, you'd know what a big deal that is. Can't wait to pair it with the Smartwatch 2, on it's way. Touche, Sony and keep it up!

This was a great purchase except for the battery life which fell a bit below my expectation, otherwise the product is great overall.

The only downside being how little the battery charge lasts, but I guess it's normal being a high gamut phone. Right??

very good

This is the fifth sony xperia phones we got for the family from Amazon, the last 4 was great but not this one.I bought this for myself last week, while i was doing the setup, trying the camera for about 5 mins, the back of the phone gets very hot, then i got electric shocks !  my fingers were paralysis.  I gave the phone to my husband and he felt the same too after using it for awhile.The next day, I requested for a replacement.2 days later I received the replacement phone, same thing happened.So disappointed !!!  I am going to request for refund.

so far I am loving this phone.  I am not one to read the manual, but find out as I go along.  I bought this after doing some research and comparisons.  I like the color (purple is my fave).  The sound and picture quality are awesome.

Good design, no ATT LTE coverage. Why would Sony do this? They need to make a phone which gives coverage on the fastest bands.AMAZON did not write in their description that it does not have LTE service.
