
Do not buy this phone or any HTC phone, they made it so facebook and other apps share you stuff,,, when you want to look at your own pictures it has a facebook feed of images in your gallery, I'm sorry but i want only my pictures in galley mode.. if i want to see facebook pictures i will go on facebook!!!!!!!!

Phone has been outstanding. Looks clean and stylish and is lightning fast. Speakers are awesome!The only knock is that HTC went away with the kickstand for this model. Not too big of a deal though since most decent phone cases have the kickstand built in!I paid ONE PENNY for this phone, but would be writing the same review had I spent the hundreds it usually goes for. Heck of a phone - you wont be disappointed. Ditch the iPhone and get on board. You won't be let down.

HTC One is the best phone right now.  Period.Nexus 4? No LTE.Galaxy S4? Cheap-feeling case, lacks simplicity - too many features crammed in.iPhone 5?  This is replacing my iPhone - a phone I thought to be near perfect. It was solid, attractive, fast, and had a beautiful screen.  But the HTC One is all that and more, it's running a mature Android 4 OS, it has a great camera, it's crazy fast, and the screen is incredible without being oversized.  Not to mention all the features I never knew I wanted, like front-facing stereo sound.  I can show my friends a video in a crowded bar, and we can all hear it.And it's wonderful to hold.  Once you get this piece of metal in your hands, every other phone is going to feel like cheap last-gen technology.  Including the iPhone 5.If you're interested in phone hacking, there's good news: Google is re-branding the HTC One as its own and will sell an unlocked version.  This should mean a healthy & long development life for this phone.Highly, highly recommended.

Couldn't ask for a nicer. better working phone. Good price for Sprint subscribers too. Great camera and video functions as well.

Good prduct, arrived in perfect condition and works perfectly, very satisfied with it, worth my waiting. I am so happy with it

I've had this phone for a while now and I've been very pleased with it so far.Pros:-Excellent build quality-Good battery life-Speakers sound really good for a phone-Pack in headset is decent quality and sounds good for free headphones-Sense 5 is a really nice addition to Android-Very fluid and fast feeling OS.  No delays or lag.Cons:-HTC is slow at updates (still waiting for 4.2.2 update at this time in the US)-Blinkfeed can't be shut off, but you can change it from the default home screen-Rear facing camera is only 4 megapixels (even if it has great low light performance - it's still just a 4 mp photo).

I love this phone got a nice deal, the store charge more, it works find, I have not had a problem

Reviewed as the best Android... I love it.  Changing over was so simple because I was going from HTC to HTC,  downloaded an app at the phones next to each other and presto.  It was great.  If I could change anything would be to add more stuff to the home screen.

Phone has a lot of quirks. The most frustrating quirk is the bluetooth. the toggle widget doesn't turn on the bluetooth requiring going into settings every time you want to turn it on. Bluetooth has been around too many years to tolerate ineffectiveness.

simply the best design for a phone, with new redesigned software to match it.  The fluid and subtle animations, paired with absolutely no lag make this phone way better than any with aosp or touchwiz.

Good solid feeling phone. Very fast connection to the Internet. None of the problems we regular experienced with our Samsung Galaxy. For example, the battery life is suburb. With normal use (a few phone calls a day, some texting, surfing the web and GPS) only have to charge every 3 days or so.I'm no phone expert, I simply know what I like and the HTC One is an excellent choice for us!

My husband loves his HTC One phone. It is everything he needed it to be. Best phone by far. Thanks

It is a feature rich phone with a beautiful display. Its the perfect size for one handed operation.  HTC has always built a quality product.

I love this phobe. Speakers are great. The screen is awsome as well... I love the fact that I can take multiple pictures and the quality is great..

So far so great a Cell Phone this is......Just love to stay with HTC products and it's just amazing to have it.

I have had HTC phones going back almost 10 years, and this is the best one yet, in terms of speed, battery life, sound quality, camera, and size.  As an actual phone, it works good too!  I have had it about a month now, and I cannot think of anything related to the hardware that I do not like.  The screen and sound are crystal clear.  I have yet to see any lagginess in the processor.  My last phone was the EVO 3D, and it would bog down, especially in a web browser. Not the HTC One.The IR Blaster feature (which doubles as the on/off switch!) is a great innovation.  Now if I can take the time to program all of my older remotes into it, that would be great.  But my main TV it controls just fine.  Can't find the remote?!? No problem, I always have my HTC One nearby!

Disclaimer: I was an early adopter of HTC Evo. I prefer Android over iOS, therefore the iPhone 5 was not a contender.Truthfully, I was anxiously awaiting the Galaxy S4. It finally arrived and I went to buy it. Fortunately, the HTC One was near it in the store. I went straight to the Galaxy S4 and fiddled around with it for 10-20 minutes. It was light and made of plastic and not much different from the S3. I wondered... why did they skimp on the innovation? It looks and feels exactly the same as the old Galaxy S3. True, there is more power and a few gee-whiz features, but nothing truly innovative and functional. Then, I went to the HTC One. First, it looks really cool. It has a great camera (with very little shutter lag). Great sound. Great feel. So, when if you are contemplating one of these phones, try them both out. If you don't need to carry around extra batteries and an SD card, the HTC One is an easy choice. Don't let a the Samsung marketing budget on the Galaxy S4 convince you otherwise... HTC has listened to Android users and created a phone for adults that demand quality (and a phone that will they will happily carry for 2+ years).P.S. I wish Sprint would invest more in their 4G infrastructure.

Great phone, does all that I need and quite a bit more. Would recommend to all.  Only change I would make would be a raised bezel around camera lens.

[---Quick Summary---]The size the of HTC one is a slimmed down version of the Samsung Galaxy III with a convex back. In the hand it is tightly light--meaning the phone feels put together well. Also some of the weight is coming from the aluminum backing that is the same material that whelms the Macbook Pro. What is apparent most about the HTC One is first, the screen, second, the overall fluidity and quickness of operations and switching between apps, lastly the layout of the BlinkFeed--which is similar to the desktop of the new Windows 8. The previous 'stand-outs' are exceptional in presentation and leaves behind your thoughts of a distant iPhone or Galaxy. The HTC One stands on its own and a few centimeters taller than its competition.[---Overall Feel and Look---] 9/10Personally, the iPhone's smaller and stockier size is more appealing to me whereas the longer, thinner, phones seem a bit too unbalanced in the hand for me however, the HTC One gets to the point of a very good and close to perfect medium between the smaller iPhone and the bigger Galaxy. The screen on the HTC mimics very closely the feel of a razer-thin LED screen in that the edges of the visible screen almost touch the edge of the phone--this lessened the strain on my eyes and made the phone seem more close. Add this to the screen I will mention later, using the HTC One sometimes make me forget I am using a phone and instead flipping menus in empty air.The aluminum silver that encases the back of the phone is, as said earlier in the quick summary, the exact same material that the Macbook Pros use. Where the iPhone leads itself away from 'Mac Metal', the HTC One embraces it. As HTC always puts out the outer quality that I feel appropriate to strong and premium-priced base, the One continues that with a strong back that is resistant to easy scuffs, scratches, and smudges/fingerprints.-Home Page/Screen 9.5/10There are two options with the HTC One--that can be switched by a 'boxed-square' icon below on the home bar. You either can do a scroll vertically descending that lists all applications in a bare, black/icon page or you can use the new home pages by Android. With this usual sporadic apps sprinkled around that you choose, there is the new 'BlinkFeed' that resembles closely the Windows 8 up-to-date window feeds in a collage of different sizes.-Blink-Feed 10/10The latter is a customized table of tiles from all the different news sources of your picking. It is constructed of tiles of news stories (including the heading picture related to the article/blog) that give a brief excerpt of the story e.g A picture of a Snow Covered Stop Sign with the Blurb: 'City closes down with .5" of snow covering" (this particular headline is dear to my hometown). The way it is organized you can quickly flip through stories and get a better idea of something you might want to read about. The introduction of this will certainly help boost readers of v-paper(virtual) articles. There are various news sources to choose from just like going to a newspaper stand. The common ones are Huffington Post, CNET and ESPN. You can constantly update stories by swiping your thumb down, thus updating the list--exactly like checking for new messages on the iPhone. Overall, an attractive and useful way to keep up with news and replacing a page full of apps when you first turn on your phone.-Black and White Theme 10/10A big theme of the HTC One is the black and white, contrasty, close and weather at the top of the phone. It is great for viewing in the night and so-so during the day, however it is goes along nicely with the current trend of keeping things aseptic and simple.-Flick Scroll 9/10Instead of the fluid Apple 'flick' you get an automated fast scroll that can be stopped mid-motion and pinned by your thumb for more precise navigation. It eliminates the need to constantly flick faster on your screen to scroll down vertically lengthy pages or menus. Think of it like hitting Page Down on your computer.[---Phone Operation i.e. Changing Apps, Browsing Internet---] 9.5/10This is the first smartphone I have really used that has seemed to be faster than my computer at filing through applications--almost operating at the 'speed of thumb'. Internet opens instantaneously and searches just as quick. Opening up YouTube takes a few seconds and loading videos dually takes a couple more. SnapDragon here is fitting to go along with its name as I tried to push the multi-tasking/opening multiple apps at the same time with no noticeable slow down.-Processor Speed 10/10Not much can be said about the 'snappiness' of the phone/processor because it is fast. Very fast. The iPhone, while fast, is somewhat plagued--very slightly--by millisecond delays of 'transitions'. The HTC One computes and changes as if you were flipping cards. Screen->Next Screen instead of Screen->transition->Next Screen.-Touch Screen 9.5/10Little lag at all even when swiping my finger very quickly. This goes without saying really however the sensitivity is close to perfect. Pinching and zooming has a slight delay, however it is slightly better than the current gen's iPhone.[---Screen---] 10/10Cannot do it its proper due justice. Clear, vibrant, bitingly sharp. No stuttering on 1080p videos and they exude the detail.[---Camera---]9/10As with the displaying of pictures, the camera takes high quality pictures that finally capture some of the color in the environment. A lot of cameras wash out and unsaturate the saturated natural world around us. The HTC One's camera brings the color back and even brings the 'pores' of the intricacies of the objects themselves along with it e.g. the grain of stone, imperfections of the wall.**Although the phone is an exceptional, polished release, it has some issues worth mentioning**:-Warm Charging:As said before with its similarities to the Macbook Pro case--it does a very good impression of it again when it is charging via battery--it gets noticeably warm--not hot, but very warm.-Volume Buttons:Flush to the side of the phone however they are depressed just enough within the phone to make changing volumes, or using them at all, more effort then it has to be. There is needless time not hitting it properly and having to set the phone properly in your hand to conscientiously press them. Sometimes you do, sometimes you do not.-Google Talk:When trying to use this feature, it never worked to put it bluntly. Everything on the phone worked, no stuttering, no problems however, the talk feature did not--in two different formats. Odd that the phone was new and everything worked and this did not--as it kept searching for an easy phrase I spoke clearly to it for e.g. Barbeque Food, Giraffes. Nothing. This does not seem a big deal to me because a major feature like this, it would have to be an anomaly.-Muffled Call Quality:The receiving call quality (the end I hear) is above average with a slight low volume--rating it an 8/10. On the other end were complains that I was 'muffled' and I could tell that when speaking and asking the other person how I sounded, that the hesitation on their part was a sign that it was just...ok. This was confirmed when they told me I sounded muffled. These may come equipped with Beats audio however the 'Beat stops there'.----------------------------------Everything about the HTC One feels like a 9/10. From its speed to its fluidity, this is a fantastic, great looking phone. It is not one that will garner 'kid' images from using it because it is a 'smart' smartphone. Consider this a business-prototype. It does not mistake what it is and it seeks to do everything well and with simplicity. This feels better in the majority of ways compared to the Galaxy (even the newest 4) and the iPhone 5. Between the three the HTC One gets my pick.

This phone arrived in pretty packaging and as advertised. However the functions of this phone are WACK at best. Syncing is time consuming and tedious. This phone needs updates constantly. When it comes to saved/downloaded items the phone seems to be suffering from Alzheimer. This phone also does not allow for adding of a memory chip. I say this cause this was very vague in the description of the phone. It seems as if HTC focused more on the &#34;Beats by Dre&#34; rather than the functionality of the phone. Skip this phone and get a Samsung. I will say the size is perfect. The new phone are mini tablet brick sized this one has a decent sized screen and maybe 4-5 inches bigger than the iphone4. Also the merging of files if your coming from iphone 4S to this phone on the Sprint network is horrible it took me near a month to get all my data synced, contacts, music, etc. Good thing I backed up all my contacts on the sync me App and google voice.

Excellent phone. Wished there were more colors when I bought it like there is now blue red excellent phone  whatsover

The phone works great as advertised. It's surprisingly fast and the battery life is great.I don't know if I like how the phone tracks everything you do though. It scans your gmail accounts to notify you of incoming flights, deliveries, order confirmations, ect.. it also remembers locations you've been to and offers travel time back to those locations. A few days ago the phone though it would be a great idea to notify me that I walked 24 miles in the previous month. It &#34;periodically&#34; tracks your movement, so be warned.You may not like this phone if these type of things bother you, otherwise it's quite incredible.

I am so happy I picked this phone over the samsung s4. I am finding out about new features each day, and the battery life is excellent. It lasts all day and I don't need a charge throughout. (I take my phone off the charger at 6, and by 5 it is on 50% after usage with sync, browsing the internet, and playing with apps)

I traded my iPhone 5 c for this phone- my phone was brand new I only had the iPhone 5 c for 24 hrs and I let it go never looked back !!!!!praise HTC for this creation

First, a confession: This is my very first smart-phone. Up until a few weeks ago, I'd been using an old fashioned cell-phone. I'm not so good with technology and I wasn't too excited about paying the monthly bills for an iPhone. I mention this because I can't compare the HTC One to other, similar products because I have no experience with any of those. All I can tell you is that this thing is AWESOME. It's sleek, easy to use, and it looks cool. The functions are all pretty intuitive and the visuals on the screen are VERY sharp.Very, very cool.

This phone is faster, battery life amazing, apps great and overall much better than my previous phones. I have an issue with the headphones because they do not stay in the ears...very annoying. But that isn't a phone issue per se. I'm very happy with this phone. And don't let everyone scare you by saying &#34;get a cover!&#34;. Just be careful and get one if you want to not because you have to :)

Some good some bad seems to drop data connection a lot and sometimes to many things going on at the same time that were not command by myself. Had an HTC EVO and was hoping they would do a lot better with this phone I guess I had to high of expectations.

My son love it

the best phone i have ever owned better then iPhone , fast shipping on time sprint customer service was also good i just charged phone and started using it thank you douglas w

My wife is pretty impressed with this phone.  We were due for an upgrade and she chose this phone based on the aluminum construction.  The phone is durable and pretty well made.  Screen is crisp and clear.  Construction wise, this phone cant be beat on durability of an android device.However, the first phone we received was faulty.  Touch was not recognized on the far right of the screen, which made it impossible to hit the letter &#34;p&#34; and other keys on the virtual keyboard.  Using the developer options and turning on visual touch, showed that a good 2-3mm of the right side of the screen wouldn't recognized touch inputs.  Replacement phone received from Amazon worked flawlessly and we have not had any issues with it.This is our second android HTC device purchased over the last few contract renewals and we have had issues with at least 1 phone of the 2 different models we have owned (htc hero and now HTC one), just mentioning that for whatever it is worth to someone.

I bought this phone during the holiday season. I am happy I got it! It's fast, good looking and different. Alot of people don't have this phone which is good. It's light weight and sleek.

I had the HTC EVO.  I am enjoying the HTC One.  This was a nice upgrade at a wonderful price. The phone is a little bigger but not to big to slide into my pocket.  Speakers are nice and helps being on the front.  I would purchase another for a family member.  Amazon made the purchase easy and I got it fast.

Upgraded from an Evo 3D, and am happy.  The camera was improved, if only 2D... 3D was fun, but just a gimmick.  The infrared remote control feature was a pleasant surprise.

HTC has really done their homework on this phone. It isn't an overload of new features tossed together to see what the end user likes and doesn't like.The live feed page is useful if you like that layout, but you can change your homepage to look just like your last Android phone.I liked it so much, I upgraded 3 lines on my Sprint account with these phones.Thank you Amazon for the great deal and customer support via your wireless division!

I'm enjoying my new phone very much! The many features it has are just great. Loving the beats audio! Yay

This phone is the best phone I've ever had! HTC really did a great job designing this phone. I thought the 32 GB would not be enough storage, but I have installed all the apps a normally use and still have over 16 GB left.

After researching phones, I decided to settle for the HTC One. It was either this or the Iphone. I must say I am very happy with this phone! I had a HTC Evo before, so at first I thought this phone was little too big and bulky. However, now that I've been using it a while, it really is the perfect size. I love the camera feature...it takes very fast and clear pictures and it backs them up automatically without me having to do it. I can't really tell much difference on the speakers, though, but supposedly they're supposed to be louder since they're in the front?? I'm thinking I have to fix something on my speaker preferences...but I'll do that later. So far, my downloads and apps are quicker on this phone and sound quality when talking is really clear. The speakerphone is really nice, but I think that has to do with the speakers being in the front. The only negative thing I have to say about this phone is that when I first got it, it took a while to activate and a few days after I thought I had completed activation, it somehow started over and deleted everything I had done to the phone. Pictures, contacts, everything was gone! I was really upset but it turns out there are two parts to activation. One was for Sprint and the other was the phone setting up preferences. Whatever you do, complete the full activation!! Other than that I must say this is really a great phone!! I absolutely love it :)

I was using a three year old HTC EVO and it just didn't have enough memory for all the applications available today.  So I decided it was time to upgrade.  I decided to stay with HTC products since I loved the HTC EVO and it lasted me 3 years without much trouble. HTC One is a powerful machine and runs much better than my EVO because it has more memory. I miss having a &#34;menu&#34; button, and the phone is a little too large to hold in my hand.  I haven't had it long enough to figure out the camera but the rest of the phone runs much like the HTC EVO.  I am pleased with my purchase and I hope this phone lasts 3 or more years just like my last telephone did.

This phone is awesome. Better than the sandwich I was using to make calls. Better reception than that ham and swiss, but doesn't taste as good.

Mine arrived unable to detect it's sim card. I returned it. If it worked it might have been a nice phone.

I've only had the phone for a month so I'm still learning to use it. I probably learn something new every week. The only reason I didn't give if five stars is because it is a bit more complicated than my original HTC EVO. As a learn to navigate the phone I'm sure my rating will be 5 stars.

I've gone through many smart phones recently and I must say this one really beats them all outright. Before this I had an iPhone 4S and the Nokia lumia 920. But as my first time on android, I was satisfied with how quick and easy to learn android was. The phone itself is gorgeous with the screen far exceeding a ppi of the average smartphone today. It's so light too and the aluminum body feels great in my hands. Both cameras work great and the new ultrapixel camera by HTC even exceeded my lumia in most cases. And you can't talk about this phone without mentioning the beats sound with the two front facing speakers that put out incredible sound better than any phone out there. The only issues I've had so far deal with sprint and not getting much signal in my region (just outside of Philadelphia, pa) and the phone tends to get very hot when using the GPS in my car. Though I'm hoping it may just be the summer heat adding to that. Overall is recommend this phone to anybody looking to try android or moving from an older android phone.

This phone just didn't meet my expectations...  Part of it had to do with the Battery not being removable and the HTC Overlay was just a little to intrusive.  I enjoy the stock Google experience with Android and couldn't get over the fact that I would have to Root my phone just to get it to work the way it should out of the box.I switched to the Nexus 5 and it's AWESOME!

This phone is awesome!! Looks great, feels amazing in the hand, and the free headphones wil blow you away when you're not listening to the front facing speakers.Simply put Here's To Change!!

3 people in my office all upgraded together. I came from a Galaxy Nexus on Sprint, my buddy came from an iphone 5 on Sprint and my other buddy came from an Evo 3D on Sprint and got the HTC One on T-Mobile. There's a concensus amongst the 3 of us that all phones were beta tests to get to this point.Build quality: Hands down best display and build quality around. The buttons are flush or almost flush and feel very solid and the connectors (headphones and charge port) all feel really solid as well.Boom Sound: I have to say, this is a feature I didn't know I needed until I listened to music for the first time on the speakers. I used to lug a boom box (a $40 Sony from Walmart. Don't get me wrong I know it's a phone and not a full sized stereo) out to my garage to play music while i hit the bag and now I can set my phone on the shelf and it sounds just as good if not better.Software: Sense 5.0 runs amazingly smooth and offers nice improvements over stock android or the old versions of sense. I'm big into rooting my android smartphones and this is the first one that I messed around with after buying and got everything set up and just didn't care to root. I started looking at the ROMs on the developer sites and they all hae certain things not working or are the same as stock sense 5 so I figured why bother? To load a ROM that has less working features than the stock phone? Seems dumb to me. Some may love or hate blink feed, I find it extremely convenient and the operation of it is nice and smooth just like the rest of the interface.Battery Life: Nothing short of Amazing. All the Android phones I've used or seen people using up to this point have crappy battery life. This thing runs for 2 days with medium levels of usage and will do a day and a half with heavy usage. I put my phones through their paces to so I don't doubt you'll be happy with the battery.

My HTC One silver is going back for a replacement:Bought "new" over the weekend and received on Monday.Just arrived and it is going back for a replacement.There is hair line gap at top and bottom of screen on front plate.When squeezed the gap is not visible and release gap appeared. Compared to the back cover, front cover/plate definitely have a gap. This item was supposed to be new, not sure what happened with this one; either poor assembly quality or screen panel side have been replaced or refurbished. Buyers beware and check yours. -Cheers.update: 2013-11-06got replacement one today, still same gap issue, not as bad as previous one. Just googled... this is build issue no most HTC one.No 4G at 95014 bubb and steven creek, WTF?Using company USB 4G dongle, that runs of off Sprint network and dongle have 4G reception.

I previously had an Epic 4G Touch from Samsung and I wanted a change of cell phone brand so I decided to go with the HTC One. This is by far the best phone I have ever had or gotten the opportunity to use (Galaxy S3, etc). Here is my experience with it, section by section.Build- The build of this phone is fantastic. It feels great in your hand and looks FANTASTIC. There is no SD card slot, though, so that is something to consider before buying this phone (10/10)Speakers- The speakers on this phone stand out in a big way. One of the reasons why I bought this phone was because I had heard  about how good the speakers sounded(I listen to a lot of music on my phone). Simply put, the speakers are awesome. The sound is rich, clear, and very crisp. For a cellphone, these speakers are well made and sound very, very nice(9.5/10)Camera- This was an area I was worried about. I had read lukewarm reviews about the quality of the camera so I was concerned about that until I used the camera at my local Best Buy. The camera takes very nice pictures (way better than my Epic 4G Touch, which has an 8 mp camera)both indoor and outdoor. HTC took a gamble using ultra pixel technology(allows more light into the sensor) and it pays off in regards to indoor pictures because you don't need much light to take a good picture unlike other camera phones. The only downside is zoom is kind of limited because of the low megapixel count(4).  But, I have found the zoom to be better than I thought it would be. (8.75/10)Battery- Another one of my concerns was the battery just not holding a charge well. That has not proven to be the case at all. I have been very impressed with the battery. I can get at least 13 hrs. out of a single charge(and this is with normal usage, maybe even more because I check my phone a lot throughout the day). I've gotten up to 17+ hrs one day, too. Overall, very impressed with the battery life. However, I have only had my phone for 2 weeks so it will be interesting to see how well my phone holds a charge in the coming months especially since I can't put a new battery in my One because of the battery not being removable. (9/10)Features- BlinkFeed is a very cool feature. It puts all of your news (whether it is from the AP, Facebook, Twitter, ESPN. etc) in one spot. It may be annoying that you can't remove it, but I like it so no complaints from me. There are many cool features involved with the camera, too. The Zoe feature lets you take a short video and combines it with a picture, so you record something then a picture is taken. Pretty cool. I honestly have not used all of the camera features yet, but there are TONS of ways to tinker with your camera and photos. (9.25/10)Verdict- For anyone who wants an almost flawless phone and a great or a change from iPhones or the Samsung Galaxy series, highly recommend this phone. It is a very nice phone that is built to last and it is not a difficult phone to learn how to use. It only takes about a day to learn the ins and outs of it. Hope my review was helpful. Feel free to ask me any questions. Thanks for reading:)

love this phone still setting it up. it is lightening fast and is easy to set up. Transfer of all information I will do later tonight over a secure set up and looks very easy. Cant wait to use this everyday

I had the HTC Evo forever and people made fun of me for keeping it but I liked everything about it.  When it started acting up (wet), I decided to upgrade but I really wanted to stay in the same family.  Don't like Iphones and not happy with Samsung interface.  This phone has completely met my expectations.  Camera is great and hugely improved.  Music sounds great on this phone.  And the thing I love most unexpectedly is blink feed.  It keeps me up to date with the information I want as it is completely customizable to the user.  Phone looks great too.

Love this phone. Great for video and sound.  Massive storage.

This is a great android phone, I've been very pleased with it.  The Blinkfeed is a nice feature for combining all your news stories in one place.  Runs great and has many nice features.

waited for $79 for their "father's day" special,  instead of the $99 it checked out for 2 days earlier but it went up to $149 instead, bad enough they were charging $44 tax ,total misrepresentation..........I gues HTC doesn't make quite enough money, I own three of them, makes me question whether I want to switch to samsung

I went from HTC Evo to HTC One after much research and procrastination and I am glad that I did.  Switching my information over was a breeze.  There was no re-learning my phone.  The new features really do work as well as all the hype says they do.  The phone is slightly taller than my old phone and much thinner and lighter which makes me worry about how well it will hold up so I am ordering an otterbox case just to be sure.  My husband just got an iphone 5 and we both agree that the htc one is the better of the two.

This is a bad azz phone!!!! And I have had them all; iPhone, S4, Windows phone. They all pale in comparison to the One.

this phone is just awesome. Honestly, light as a feather fast my only concern is where do i install my micro SD car? i know it has a built in 32 GB. but, still i am enjoying this phone

I love the HTC ONE, I have had many other HTC phones and they have been ok. I think this one is great, very fast and awesome built quality. The metal body feels great in the hand and the screen is super sharp. I think the battery life is pretty good as well if you don't run powerful apps all day. I use my phone pretty much all day with checking email, surfing, social media and taking pics and it lasts all day and then some. I would recommend this phone to anyone, who wants a great quality phone with good looks.

I upgraded to this phone so I basically paid nothing.  The phone works great - love how slim, light, and responsive it is.  The speakers are fantastic compared with other phones and the battery life is immensely superior to my old Motorola Photon 4G.  I play some games on my phone and I generally get 2-3 minutes of gaming per 1% of battery life, so theoretically that's about 200-300 minutes of game time with a full charge.  The only thing I don't like about the phone is that the battery is buried deep within the circuitry of the phone and can't be replaced without completely dissecting the phone.  However, if you plan to upgrade after 2 years you probably won't have a need to replace the battery at all.

I previously had the HTC EVO and this HTC One is even more awesome than it was! I am still discovering apps and other features about this phone that are really great. I highly recommend this to everyone who is not so impressed by the iphone. It can do as much and more than an iphone!

I have had this cell and dropped it I can not tell you how many times.There camera really takes superior pictures and I love the features.

I bought the One and and S4.  I don't think you can go wrong with either phone, both have amazing specs.  The One speakers are amazing.  The screens are very different between the 2 phones.  The One has a very good IPS screen.  The S4 AMOLED, which doesn't get as bright, but is larger.  However, the S4 removable battery is a plus for the S4 although the S4 build does seem as high quality.  The cameras are one of the most interesting comparisons for the phones though.  The ultrapixels are great in low light, but at 4MP if you need to do any cropping and zooming you might not be happy.  The S4 is a 13MP camera, and takes excellent pictures in daylight.  Very zoomable with good quality.  Dark lighting isn't as good, but the Night Mode on the camera which I think uses a HDR scheme does a good job of making a good picture in dark settings as long as objects are relatively static.  Tough choice, you'll be happy with either.

The HTC One is more than enough phone for anyone ! Smooth , powerful  and durable ... definitely  money well spent.

I came from a Samsung Note 2. I regret buying that monster. It was cheaply made. It fell from about 4 inches and the screen shattered.. I ended up selling it and getting the HTC One. I've always loved HTC's build quality. I had one bad experience with HTC's customer service a few years ago. Hopefully that changed.Now, about the HTC One, I love it! It feels great in my hand. Weird at first coming from the Note 2. The button layout was weird to me but I'm getting use to it. The fact that there is no Menu button baffles me but I can learn to live with it. The metal feels great. Screen looks great. Camera works great. I only wish it had the ability to add an external SD card. Battery life isn't bad.The Sense 5 software is a bit quirky. Having to push the HOME button twice to get to the actual HOME SCREEN gets on my nerves sometimes. But overall, I'm happy with it. I'v watched tons of reviews on this phone on youtube but once trying it myself, it was worth it. This is by far the best android phone I've ever had. I've only had android phones since the first G1 from google came out. If you love android and can live with the few missing features, this phones for you.I've also heard HTC is pushing out a new update to fix a few bugs. It's good to hear this is being done pretty fast!

While no phone is perfect, this one is damn close. LOVE IT. I'm coming from a HTC 3D, while I enjoyed that phone is just didn't have the performance I needed. The one takes care of that. Just want to get rid of blink feed. Useless bloatware to me.Overall, Great phone, unbelievable deal. I got one for my mom as well, she couldn't be happier.

I Bought This Phone after doing a lot of researching, I'm glad I made the purchase its a nice phone

The phone is great overall. Its smart, fast, and easy to use. The camera and features are awesome as well. The battery last long. It was somewhat complex to use at first. Once you get the hang of it you will like it just as much as I do. The beat audio feature is great and magnifies the sound. No complaints.

I was on the fence between this phone and the S4. I just came off 2 years of having my S2 and I loved that phone, it was the first android phone I had that I didn't feel the need to root. Naturally I wanted to stick with Samsung after having such a stellar experience. The thing that caught my eye was the speakers, since I do find myself wanting a portable music system this fits the bill! It has received multiple SW updates very quickly (so I know HTC is going to take care of its customers with fast SW rollouts) and runs all my games and retrieval of various data sources quickly without issues. With the lower price, I don't regret not getting the S4, even the camera being lower pixels I looooove the ability of this phone to capture low-light photos so well!

This is the first smartphone I've ever had.  My son and I selected this phone as a second choice when the Samsung Galaxy III wasn't part of a deal at our local Sprint store. My favorite feature on this phone is the dual stereo speakers.  I have a Kindle Fire HD 8.9" and the sound coming out of this phone blows the Kindle Fire HD away!  I love to prop the phone up in its Otterbox Defender case and listen to my favorite radio stations on the Tunein Radio app.  It's great playing it out loud, but it sounds incredible with earphones as well.  I'm sure there are a lot of other prime features on this beautiful phone, but after three weeks of use it's the audio I'm loving!

I totally love this phone. Extra super fast and the funny thing itwas a sprint representative that helped me find the phone onAmazon. My Samsung 3 was stolen and he suggested of paying$100 insurance to replace lets go another option. We looked onBest Buy which had just ended there sale on the I5 we ended uphere where I found this doll of a phone with all the fixings for 1 cent.Thanks Amazon...I love itDarrell L. Johnson

I love this new HTC. Brilliant screen and the best speakers of any phone with Beats audio.I also pay $23 a month now with no contract or start up fees. Best thing I ever did was switch service to "Ting service" that uses the Sprint network. Been with them 10 months now and no problems. Research on your own, read reviews, and if you switch, get $25 off your first month using this coupon code. [...]You need a CDMA phone to bring over like the HTC or Samsung, new or used will work.They dont support the iphone 5 yet but do support the 4 and 4s iphone.Basically, even if you buy the phone for full price, you will still save over a grand with Ting rather than the Sprint 2 year contract.Here are their rates. [...]

this phone is solid.  i have no complaints other than it gets really warm at times.  i also wish the sense ui was more customisable.  you can't get rid of the blinkfeed.  an easy fix would be to download a home launcher...i chose nova launcher and it works fine.  i get  maybe 9-14 hours of good use out of it before i need to charge.  that's with some tweaking and other programs designed to save battery life. typical usage would be music...some surfing/facebooking.  i always have sync on and i love my widgets so that should tell you a little something about battery life.  i'm guessing this problem is the same with every phone but make sure you're in a good cellular area because if it constantly searches for a signal it will kill your battery fast.

My first HTC one arrived and though it was an attractive phone with a killer screen and speakers, it was sent back because the unibody design had gaps in it and other flaws. The hole you have to push in to extract the sim card had ink by it. Someone previous to me attempted to get the card out or in by using a pen. The phone was either used before or this phone came flawed from the factory. There were also scrapes on the left side of the phone on the white rubber banding.My replacement HTC One arrived the next day and it has gaps like the first one, only in different places. I read about this beforehand but figured since I was buying the phone nine months after its release, these problems were probably fixed. I was wrong. FYI: I also had to clean what I believe is glue off of the white rubber banding- again on the left side. The phone's parts appear not to fit together quite right and more than likely are fashioned together by people and not machines.The quality control on these things is terrible- just terrible. I bet if you run your hand over the top right corner of your phone it feels smooth, but on the left corner it doesn't. This area is by the speaker grill, which are glued on and I hear come off easily if the phone is dropped.If you can get a flawless HTC One, I say go for it. Coming from Samsung the phone takes some getting used to, but is overall an awesome device.

I really like my HTC One phone.  It does everything it should do without making decisions for you.  I can do so much with it and it's user friendly and not buggy like many of the other phones on the market.  Much better than the Samsung Galaxy III. I'm definitely a convert now to HTC. HTC One is a really good phone that is less buggy than the Samsung III that I had previously.

Phone came on time, and phone was better then I expected. Must have phone, especially with the build quality and high end specs.

I bought this phone coming from an old HTC Evo so I think that makes the transition much easier.  I've had iPhone users say this phone is too complicated but that's just because they are brain washed by Apple's restrictions.  Ever notice you can customize your home screen on the iPhone?!!? Anyway, I love this phone but I still have some learning to do.  Thank goodness for You Tube.  Not a fan of the Blink news feed but you can easily change your home screen to a different one and not be bothered with that.The speed is fabulous and the display is so crystal clear, even with my screen protector on it.  The camera's pictures are unbelievable. The only thing it really struggles with is low lighting but I think that's pretty common for a picture.  I know there are a lot of fun features with the camera and video but I haven't played with them yet.If you're an Android user I would say this is a must buy! If you're not....

I did a lot of research before settling on the HTC One. A lot of phone choices these days simply comes down to preference, so if you're an Android user or want to be one, you can't go wrong with the HTC One. The design of the phone is beautiful with it's aluminum frame, the front-facing speakers are amazingly clear, the camera is super-fast and takes great pictures, and more importantly the hardware is simply awesome. It's fast and has tons of memory. It's only real competition is the Samsung Galaxy S4, which is also a great phone, but ultimately I went with the HTC One because for less money I could get twice the memory, comparable specs and a lot less pre-installed software.Admittedly, I was not a fan of the HTC's BlinkFeed, which was one of the biggest criticisms since you can't disable it if you plan on using the HTC Sense interface. Instead I use GO Ex Launcher, which eliminates the problem and I find more appealing.

sound quality is amazing, camera is good, great body style, sleek and well built.  glad i purchased this over the s4

I do consider myself a purist so was quite upset i couldn't get a Nexus phone on Sprint. Was really thinking of jumping ship but instead i opted for this device and i love. Never been a fan of Sense but this version is great. Does everything i need it to do.

Aside from the aesthetics, three things really stand out as over and above the galaxy 4 and iphone 5:1) The screen is easily readable even in bright daylight.2) The speakers are awesome3) The camera takes by far the best low-mid light pictures without a flash  (though the iphone blows it away on flash pictures and bright light)

I came over from Samsung galaxy, and I'm not looking back!  I was tired of the horrible battery life my Samsung had, this HTC One will go a day and a half without a charge.  The Samsung GPS never worked and has been a know issue since the Galaxy S2.  Just the other day I was able to not only get a GPS lock on my position, but get directions and navigation... I missed having the luxury.A long time ago I had the HTC Evo 4G.  It made an unfortunate dive out of my pocket and landed perfect on its corner.  When I replaced it with the S2 I was constantly comparing samsung phones to it... the HTC won every time.  Even when I &#34;upgraded&#34; to the galaxy S3 I was not impressed.  Galaxy S4... no thank you!I could go through and list a series of amazing features, but not as well as top consumer review blogs.  It is considered the best smartphone on the market, and I agree!  I have never been happier with a phone, and I would suggest anyone with an iPhone or a Samsung to seriously consider the HTC.  I understand that any new phone is going to have a list of awesome features, but the HTC is consistently better on everything: from syncing across platforms (phone - computer - tablet. better than my samsung), to the best camera shy of the Nokia 41mp, and more...I guess the moral of the story is try it - you won't miss anything about the phone you're leaving.

Got the phone super fast. Great condition only thing that didn't work was the USB cable but I have a ton of those anyways. Thanks for an awesome product at a great price!

this is simply the best cell phone on the market an ive been using them since sprint came out with the very first htc 4g in 2010

Hands down the best phone I have ever had. All the kinks I had with previous drois (few) are gone, and my biggest problem, battery life, is no issue with this phone. Easily lasts all day on one charge

I'll start with my journey to purchase this phone. I order from Amazon on the Saturday before Memorial Day with my receive date to be the following Tuesday. Sure enough the UPS driver showed up at my office with what I thought would be my new phone. A quick visual scan of the box showed a piece of packing tape across the box flap, OH CRAP! I open the box with the standard pull tab on most Amazon boxes as it still appeared sealed even though there was tape on it. I look inside and sure enough, no phone. However, there were three educational pamphlets. One about elephants, tomatoes, and butterflies. At least the wonderful UPS person whom stole my phone was kind enough to leave me these. My daughter will love them! Ugh...I immediately call Amazon and they tell me they need a police report faxed and they will send out a new phone. Cool, seems easy enough. I went to my local precinct to file a report but they said they can not file a report as it is a civil matter. The officer said there is no way to tell where, when, or who stole the item so it's not their jurisdiction. Wonderful...Long story short, Amazon called my local PD to confirm what I told them and sent me out a new phone the next day. Good job Amazon!The phone;It's amazing! Coming from a Nexus S to this is like a blind man seeing for the first time. There was a holy crap moment with every new feature I learned.1. It's a gorgeous phone (bought the silver ONE)2. Build is incredible. Fit & finish is as well. I've read some reviews out there that talked about gaps at different seams on the device but mine had none. I bet HTC got wind of some of the issues on the early devices and cracked down on quality control.3. The camera is definitely a huge improvement from my previous device but it still has some issues. I'm not unrealistic about a phone camera so it's not an issue for me. Don't expect DSLR quality here but it is more than capable as a quick shooter when out and about.4. The camera software is ingenious. The ZOE feature is really cool. I didn't think I would use this but it gets a lot of play. Photos are stored in the native gallery by date. Click on the date of pictures you want to see and there is a montage at the top. The software will chose the photos & ZOE's and edit them together with special effects and music. This is all done without any input or direction from you! It's just there! Cool as heck.5. The IR blaster function is just wow! You think hmm, a remote might come in handy but who really wants it on your cell phone? After playing with it I DO! The setup is very easy. It has every TV, DVD, entertainment unit/stereo you can think of. I have a TCL TV (I know the wife bought it, let it go) in the master and sure enough it has the codes. It also has the setup for your local cable/sat provider, I have Uverse. Once set up, you chose your favorite shows, movies, channels, etc. Then the magic happens. The main guide shows you what's currently on and what's upcoming with a small picture of that show. I don't mean for a few shows. It does this for every channel on your cable subscription! It's a much easier way to see what's on, just look at the images and chose. When you press the picture of the program you want it does the rest. Freaking Awesome.6. Blinkfeed is meh... I moved it from my home page all the way to the last left page. I tried it but it doesn't do it for me. I'll revist it at a later time.7. The phone is very fast with no lag. It did freeze up on me yesterday but that is likely due to an app not the phone. If it persist I'll update.8. Boomsound is great. Why all phones don't have front facing speakers is beyond me. I'll never need to cup my hand over the phone speaker to direct the sound to my ear again. You all know what I mean. Sound is very good and fairly loud. Beats helps and sounds good. Compared to other phones it sounds amazing but in reality it's a phone so it's sounds good, let's not push it here.The rest is just a phone and it does the job there just fine.Buy it already!

I came from the S2 and was hesitant to upgrade. The S2 felt fast enough and I didn't think an upgrade would be too much of a difference. Man, was I wrong. This phone is extremely fast, the screen is beautiful, and the camera is great. Battery life is great, not outstanding. But it lasts all day with moderate use.

I I'm just shocked at how well this phone is built.love the blink feed,love the open source for devs,and love the speakers.

Great phone -The Pros:  Great looking, greatly improved battery (compared to the EVO 4G LTE), much faster, better screen, the speakers are G-R-E-A-T, as in clear and loud.The Con: A weaker than expected wifi antenna (compared to the EVO 4G LTE), but still fine, just not as good as the last phone's reception.  And I miss the kickstand.32GB vs 64GB?  I read where Android pretty much plans obsolescence in roughly 18 months - In other words, what ever the Android software du jour is in November 2014, the HTC ONE and the Samsung Galaxy IV will very likely NOT be able to upgrade, so, the day these phone become available, start the 550 day countdown until replacement time.  Because of this, I just can't justify the 64GB; I just won't load on that many songs, pictures or Apps.

This phone is the great. there are so many features it is a pleasure to use. The battery has come along way but I think it still could be better. Overall very satisified. I bought two of these and no complaints about either one.

I am a long time Android and HTC user beginning with the HTC HD2.  I have moved through each iteration and flavor of android both stock and custom.  This is the first android handset where I am fully satisfied with the stock operating system.  I find no need for custom software with this device.  The hardware is impeccable and is surpasses the quality of Iphone and nearly any other high end device.  The speakers are terrific on this unit.  Following my HD2 I went from motorola to samsung and I'm happy to be back with HTC.

had it about a year now, and couldnt ask anything much more for the time of tec. good battery. get to brag about how mine still works grate when ppl are having nothing but problem with the iphone or samsunge. will be upgrading to the m8. htc rocks

THIS IS MY 2ND ANDROID PHONE AND HANDS DOWN ITS THE SMOOTHEST PHONE I'VE OWNED. FAST. LIGHT WEIGHT. GORGEOUS DISPLAY. CRYSTAL CLEAR SOUND.

I did my research before I got this phone and it met every need and then some! iPhone has NOTHING on the HTC One!

If you are looking for a phone with all the latest and greatest techno features look no further than the HTC ONE! Amazing Camera, Amazing Battery Life, Amazing Speakers, Amazing Screen Size. Great looking and EASY to use! Home screen  that is easily customizable, Sleek looking app screen. Watching videos and looking at pics with this phone is easy and enjoyable! If you're and audiophile like myself get this phone just for the Boomsound: The dual front facing speakers..The first time I played a radio station through the phone a person across the room from me just said: "Wow!"  And finally, this phone is FAST! I don't even have 4g LTE in my area yet, and this phone is still the fastest I've ever used!

My previous phone was the 3d EVO so this was definitely a step up. This phone isn't perfect but it's sleek, fast and the screen and beats audio are great. Still learning all the tricks so will update if any comes up I don't like. But if you love HTC then you'll love this phone.

Hi, I am a college student, and due to this I am in a bad spot when wanting to have cellphone services. Today most of the options are companies like Sprint, AT&T;, Verizon and T-mobile (The cheaper and no longer require two year contracts) that offer cellphones extremely inexpensive ....hahaha yeah inexpensive = A two year phone contract where you are going to pay 90+ a year in average for unlimited voice and messages (Which is needed less than data in todays standards) and a very limited plan for data. SIGNING THOSE TWO YEAR CONTRACTS MAKE US TO GET BACK TO THE SLAVERY TIMES PEOPLE!!!.So as a college student who has to pay new bills, college, gas etc etc.. is very hard to pay $90+ a month for simple services (voice, messages and data). I do not longer use messages because social networks and messages clients (I just want to use data),  I do use voice but not more than 100 minutes a month!, I do use data but I have very high speed wifi at home and college (Where I am mostly of the time)..... so I do not need to go unlimited!!!!!. wait wait wait !!! there is no unlimited data on all carriers( exempt on T-mobile and Sprint), example-----5 GB on AT&T...;So here comes some information that I hope helps people like me.During my extent research on prepaid companies I found a great one -> "Ting" This company offers plans that you can arrange according to your needs. 100 minutes of voice and 1000 messages, and 500 megabytes of data, or lets say you need more voice and less messages- you can totally change your plans and if you overpass your plan they just charge you the next plan which gives you more of the service bun never ridiculous overcharges like AT&T; or the other companies. Check it for your self: https://ting.com. So I was hoping that the HTC One became available at the site and the next day I checked out it was offered by the site, but so I thought "Since Ting offers 'bring your own device' when the phones are compatible with Sprint networks/services (Sprint devices) I can buy an HTC One from Amazon and bring it to Ting). So I asked to Ting about it and they told me that it wasn't officially supported but in theory it should work with Ting services, so I did. I ordered my HTC One form amazon and after receiving it and trying to activate, a Ting employee activated it for me and since then am paying $17 a month without any contract for Ting services-- sure I did pay $550 for the Sprint version of the HTC One but free of contracts, activation fees and expensive monthly payments. Now I just have what I need as a college student and the best smartphone on the planet.HTC One Review: From a customer who has own iPads (2,3LTE, 4 and mini), iPod touches 4 and 5G, Nexus 7, Macbook Pro (2012), Galaxy Note 8, Apple TV, and a Sony S Tablet.As you may notice the HTC One is my first smartphone, but it doesn't mean Im lacking knowledge about technology, since I like to try tablets and smartphones like experiences with devices like the iPod Touch 5G which is basically the same than an iPhone without the phone functionality.So I decided to buy a phone and since the HTC One was introduced I kept an eye on it until I buy it. It just looks amazing. I would put in next to my Macbook Pro and they look like products of the highest quality from the same brand.What I like about the HTC One is that HTC really put a lot of effort on giving the best experience on every little detail.HTC thought about the speakers at the front of the phone, about 32 GB for $550 (around $570 for the unlocked version)-(Thing Samsung is not doing with the gimmicky S4) and not just 16 miserable GB like the iPhone 5. And also it offers great specs with an incredible screen. I really don't have any complains about the HTC One, it is great, HTC sense 5 adds to the android experience... those little things like the rectangular previews of the opened apps, the karaoke like feature on the music player are great among others.The camera is great on video and low light, and the pictures are fantastic as well. None of the smartphones from 2012 beat it and is on part with the smartphones from this year. (I know about the 4 megapixels and all but believe it delivers)Man is really great the feeling when an iPhone user or Galaxy user is looking at their phones so proudly and then they see my HTC One and they seem very curious about it, like feeling their smartphones are not the best ones they though about being, and wondering why they don't have that beauty of a phone (HTC One) and get sad because they are stock with their smartphones for TWO YEARS!!! Hahaha yeah I know... am kind of cruel : ( am sorry but is the truth.So I hope this helps and if you have any questions about the HTC One feel free to ask, I know I did not cover all the features or questions a customer may have.And do not get me wrong, if I had money or were employed in a very good job I probably would not mind paying extra money to the big companies but hey,,, am not in that job/position yet. Cheers!

The HTC One is one of the newest flagship Android phones to hit the market and aims to compete directly with the Galaxy S4.  Like the S4, the HTC One offers a large 1080p screen, a fast quad-core processor, long battery life and more.  However the HTC One does set itself apart from (and above) other phones in several significant ways.  Overall,  the HTC One is the most attractive and responsive phone on the market with an impressive screen, speakers and battery life.== Construction ==The HTC One has a remarkable look and feel that surpasses even the iPhone.  The aluminum "zero-gap" housing conforms perfectly to the matte, white, plastic elements.  The aluminum lends a sturdy feel and holds up well to fingerprints and really sets this phone apart from the plastic-dominated masses.  Unfortunately, like the iPhone, the HTC One does not permit easy access to the battery.  Also, the One is a bit heavier (5.1 oz vs. 4.6 oz) than the S4 and a bit thicker ( .36" vs. .31"), though the contoured back of the One makes it more comfortable in your hand.== Display ==The HTC One has a crisp, vibrant 1920 x 1080 LCD that offers the same resolution as a 1080p HDTV but in a 4.7" screen.  The pixels per inch come out to about 470 ppi, higher than the S4 (which has the same resolution but a 5" diagonal) and much higher than the iPhone 5.  In addition to its breathtaking resolution, the contrast is also much better than the S4 and most other phone displays.  The HTC One screen offers very good blacks and extremely bright whites.  This is one of the brightest displays I have seen and it functions very well outdoors.  The color accuracy is also better than an AMOLED (like the S4), which tends to oversaturate colors, though many people like the punch of over-saturation.== Sound ==The HTC One is one of the few phones to make external speakers a major feature.  The iPhone hides its single, external speaker on the bottom of the phone.  In contrast, the One has two speakers located sensibly on either side of the display and (thankfully) facing toward you.  Thanks to these dual speakers, you can actually enjoy videos  in stereo without headphones or a peripheral device.  The volume output is substantial and I found that only 50% volume was the perfect level most of the time vs. close to 100% with many other cell phones.  Naturally, headphones will still sound much better and a 3.5mm port without obstruction makes it easy to use any pair.== Interface ==The software for the HTC One is fairly good.  There is some bloatware that clutters your phone and saps battery life, but not enough to make me root the phone in disgust.  The default screen seems inspired by Windows 8 and offers custom feeds in a tiled mosaic.  It should work well for most users who want to check their phone frequently for news and updates from social media.  Bypassing this screen will lead you to a generic Android icon list of apps.  They are large enough and spread out enough to make things easy to find and you can sort them a variety of ways, including most recently used.  The included apps will get you off the ground running and many are good enough not to need replacing.  By using your gmail account you can sign into a number of google services at once to make everything operate cohesively.  The best part of the interface is how responsive it is.  The touchscreen works perfectly and the hardware is fast enough to keep up with multiple demanding tasks at once.  The software keyboard feels a little cramped despite the size of the screen and I don't like how you have to switch between numbers and letters.  The keyboard does respond well though with very few typos.== Camera & Calling ==Although I hardly use my phone for calling people, naturally, I found the HTC One provides great clarity using the speakerphone or earpiece and the dual microphones work well at eliminating background noise.  I have been using Ting for service with this HTC One without issue.  The camera is an oddball at 4 "ultra" megapixels.  The S4 has 13 MP and most high-end phones offer 8MP.  The difference is minimal when viewing un-cropped photos, but zooming in or cropping can make the HTC One's camera  turn out noticeably less detailed photos.  However, the "ultra" pixels are no gimmick.  The HTC One is capable of using a lower ISO setting than other cell phone cameras while achieving the same (or better) exposure.  While this doesn't work so well on moving objects, the HTC One excels at low-light and bright-light photographing of still scenes.  If you are able to frame your pictures such that they don't require excessive zooming or cropping, then the HTC One camera should do a great job, though not quite up to the S4.  Also the HTC One offers image stabilization for those (everyone) who rarely use a tripod.== Miscellaneous ==The HTC One has a 2300 mAh battery vs. 2600 mAh for S4, but exceeds the S4's battery life according to several professional reviews.  In my own experience, the HTC One  has more than enough juice to last me a whole day, any day.  The HTC One also has a power button doubles as an infrared port and using the included TV app, you can easily control pretty much any home theater.  Setup with my Samsung TV, Denon Receiver and Motorola (Verizon) Set Top Box took all of 3 minutes and was very straightforward.  I still prefer my Logitech Harmony 900, but always having a remote on hand for any room in my house is certainly handy.  Finally, I do worry about damaging the HTC One more than my wife's iPhone.  I am a little apprehensive about denting or scratching the aluminum, but I hate cases (except for my wife's iPhone which loses reception otherwise).  I will update on wear and tear.Update (8/8/13):  After 3 months of use, I am still very happy with the HTC One.  The only issue I have run into is that I accidentally turn on the speaker phone once in a while when I am talking on the phone and press it to my cheek the wrong way.  As for wear and tear, the HTC One looks almost brand new despite never using a case or screen protector - there is just one very tiny scratch on the back.  Also, some games seem to drain the battery unusually fast, but I can't say that is the fault of the HTC One.

This phone is so smooth and fast, but the speakers are loud - TOO LOUD.It is near impossible to discreetly watch porn on it without my roommates overhearing. Even on the lowest setting the moans can be heard from all across the apartment. I could use headphones but that is a major inconvenience because I would be unable to hear someone coming into my room. A hassle to use.

This phone is the best phone I have had to date. I have have 3 generations of HTC phones. This one blows them all out of the water!

Bought phone for my wife to replace her iphone which I never liked anyway so that made this a much easier choice.Overall it is a good phone, feel and look at superb and the functions are excellent.My wife isn't sure about the ZOE feature so I guess it will take more time to adjust. The screen is simply great, vivid colors and can be seen in the sun.

The HTC One is an amazing, beautiful phone. It's gorgeous, well-made, and well thought out... everything a smart phone should be and more.Design: The One's design and construction are outstanding and nothing short of amazing. Classy, smooth, and beautiful, this phone is put together so solidly and cleanly that it's hard to imagine that it's made up of separate pieces at all. The aluminum body is particularly gorgeous, so much so that I decided to leave my phone au naturel - until the first time I let it slide under the seat of my car and retrieved it to find a huge nick taken out of one of the corners. Needless to say, despite this phone's beauty, I highly recommend a cover.Screen: The display on this phone is fantastic, sharp and clear, with beautiful colors and not a pixel in sight. For the first time, my failing middle-aged eyes feel absolutely no strain at watching TV on a phone! Touchscreen operation is fast and responsive, swyping and scrolling are simple and immediate, and the ability to click on even the tiniest little link is remarkably accurate.System: Processing speed on this phone is lightning fast with no sign of lag. HTC's operating system is clean and intuitive, and seems to work perfectly with the hardware. In over a month of usage, I've had no crashes, shutdowns, or signs of sluggish performance of any kind.Sound: The HTC One has the best built-in phone speakers I have ever heard. Music quality is great and unbelievably loud. It may sound hard to believe, but I think the speakers are truly my favorite thing about this phone... it's just so fantastic to be able to listen to my music and audio whenever, wherever I am without worrying about extra speakers or headphones if I don't want to.Camera: The camera on this phone is good, though perhaps not as overwhelmingly outstanding as most everything else about the phone. Daylight pictures are gorgeous and sharp, and nighttime photos are decent. The shutter speed is fast, and, when recording video, the audio levels are very clear and loud. Overall, I think the camera quality is better than an iPhone, but not perhaps as good as what I've seen from my friends with Galaxy S4s.Battery: Battery life on this phone is more than adequate, and with moderately heavy usage, I can get almost a day and half between charges. Charging speed is decent, just under 3 hours using the included 1-amp charger. One of the few negative features of this phone is the noticeable warmth of the battery, especially when charging... another good reason to get a cover.Final thoughts: The HTC One is an amazing and beautiful machine, made with quality and attention to detail inside and out. I am completely happy with it and unhesitatingly recommend it.

I know I didn't buy this at Amazon but I really have to write a review about this Android Smartphone. It's an amazing phone with quality features like using your cell phone as a television remote, amazing BoomSound technology with or without Beats Audio. When you get it out of the box the headphones are amazing. Most gummy ear tips I use slip off but these fit me in the right way. With the screen resolution it is way better then the iPhone 5. This cell phone is like an iPhone on steroids! If you are an iPhone user and realize that Apple is not the same without Steve Jobs then get this phone today! This cell phone has been featured in Captain America 2: The Winter Soldier. It is an amazing phone. Front camera is solid! 2.1 MP camera is great with video calling with Skype. You can take a really good selfie with your friends and family. Believe me I love what HTC done to this cell phone and if you think Apple is better you must be out of your minds. This cell phone is the phone I currently use. It can update with some of the features the M8 can offer and yes it runs on its latest Android 4.4.2 Kit Kat Software as well. I hope this helps making your decision of switching your old cell phone or iPhone to HTC's number 1 smartphone of 2013!

I think this phone is great.  The battery lasts really long, it takes great pictures, and it has the best sound for both music & calls.

Easy to use, the camera is great and sound is amazing. I recommend this phone to everyone. I am very pleased with this purchase

This phone has all the power and maybe more of an HP Pavillion dv2000 computer that I purchased about 8 years ago.  Impressively though is the fact that this is a phone, with enough power to keep up with some of today's PCs.  It is sleek and compact yet big enough to view videos and compose documents.

The first compliment I'd like to pay the HTC One is the screen.  It's flat out georgeous.  I actually like it much better than my iPhone 5 screen.  It's bright, clear, razor sharp and large.  I also like the screen size. The phone is as large as the Galaxy S3 but due to the body design, doesn't feel like it. In fact, it only feels slightly larger than my iPhone 5 does in its case. The metal body gives the HTC One a high quality feel that I haven't felt on an Android device since my original Motorola Droid's metal body.  Although I'm not drinking the Beats Kool Aid (I have Beats on everything from laptops to phones and I am yet to be blown away) the speakers are very good.  Sounds are loud and crisp. This is honestly the first phone that I actually enjoy listening to music through the external speakers.  Data performance is also very good. Web pages load quickly and social teleconferencing apps like Skype work very well over a good connection.  Unfortunately, as a Sprint business subscriber, I know firsthand that data performance is only as good as the network its on but when connected to fast LTE or wifi, the One performs great.  I really like the new HTC custom interface.  Live feed tiles provide the latest news, sports, weather or whatever you customize it to feed.  A quick swipe of a finger gets you back to the main home screen if you wish.  Android Jellybean coupled with the new HTC Sense interface is fluid and smooth.  Screens swipe and apps launch with absolutely no lag whatsoever.  It really makes my previous Android phones feel like ancient relics.  Speaking of performance, the HTC One is easily the fastest Android phone I have ever used. From games to regular apps, the HTC One never disappointed.  Lastly is the camera.  The still camera is very nice.  It takes sharp vibrant stils.  Video is about the only lackluster feature that I've experienced with the One.  It seems out of focus at times and not quite as nice as video from other smartphones like my iPhone 5.  It's still okay quality but a little disappointing given how this phone excels in all other areas including still photos.  Another minor issue is that it's ridiculously easy to inadvertently shoot photos or videos in camera mode.  I took what I thought were three photos and two videos but when I downloaded them to my PC, it turned out to be twenty-two photos and three videos.  So the shutter button takes a little getting accustomed to.I really like the HTC One.  I would love it if I were using it on another network but I needed a new phone for business use and this was easily the top dog available with my business carrier Sprint.  I was still sporting a Blackberry Bold, so it was definitely time for an upgrade.  The phone itself is a technological marvel.  If I have any reservations they would only be past experience with HTC Android phones. I had an HTC Incredible and unfortunately, it was anything but.  The prior HTC Sense interface was a nightmare.  Problems were constant.  I had a situation where the phone was falsely reporting remaining storage capacity (the Incredible would say I was out of space when I had over 10gb remaining), and I had to research online to find out how to correct it in the bootloader.  I had mysterious data usage where my wireless provider said I used nearly a gigabyte of data while the phone was basically sitting all weekend with nothing open.  That turned out to be another Sense related issue that caused me to get the phone exchanged.  I also had sync issues with Facebook due to the Sense interface integration with the app overriding the main app settings. Quite honestly, I vowed never to buy another HTC phone after all the headaches.  Only time will tell if the Sense issues have been resolved, but for now the HTC One is one beautiful powerhouse of an Android phone.

The overall performance of this phone is great!  I own my HTC ONE since November 28, 2013. The only improvement I would recommend is the main camera pixels to be 9 or higher.

Upgraded from Nexus S and am pleasantly surprised.One thing I would like is direct sync with my iTunes library. I use the HTC Sync to sync my iTunes which seems to be ok.

I have finally upgraded to a smart phone after several years of holding out.  Let me just say i read a lot of reviews and i picked the htc one because of the display, the beats audio, and the quality craftsmanship.  I bought the htc one for myself and i bought the Samsung galaxy s4 for my daughter as a graduation present.  Hands down the htc one takes the cake.  It's just so sleek and well made I just can't say enough good things about it.  The s4 is a great phone in its own right but overall I'm very happy with my purchase.  One thing of note is you get 32gb of storage space on the htc one and you only get 16mg for the base model s4.  You can not store apps on an sd card so I thought the htc was a better buy.  I'll tell you flat out the only draw backs the htc one. The battery is not removable and the phone does not have a micro sd slot.  Otherwise it's the best smart phone out ther right now.

Great product! Easy to use and fast. Great camera and has multiple functions to navigate through apps and websites. I would recommend to anyone.

This is one of the best HTC phone I have owned.  It is super fast, with the best boomsound speakers.  My friends envy my phone.

This phone is as advertised!  What a significant upgrade from my previous HTC phone!  I'm not one to have to have the latest and greatest, but I am glad I got it!  Great job HTC!

I've had this phone for about over a month now. it simply has to be one of the best smartphones that I have ever owned! I've owned quite a few ( droid x, iPhone 3g, galaxy nexus, HTC diamond etc). the HTC one trumps em all by way of industrial design, screen clarity, sound, performance, and battery life.the one main gripe that I have with this phone and it may very well might not be the phobe, is the call quality.I can hear what everyone says crystal clear, but they can barely understand me... it may be sprints network.another bad thing about this phone is the constant questioning of rather you wanna use a WiFi. believe me when I say that no matter how remote the source is this phone will find I t and ask rather you want to connect to it or not.I was on the fence about purchasing this phone against the likes of the s4, but after weeks of research most reviewers ultimately claw to the conclusion that this phone is better than the s4.if HTC and Sprint can keep this phone up with timely updates I'll be purchasing another HTC product.by the way batter life with moderate usage last about a good work day. "boom sound" is actually pretty good and when your phone is at 14% it pretty much goes into "survival mode" to reserve any and all battery life possible.well I hope this review helps some one. last thing, the camera is pretty good. low light photos are kinda uncanny.

I was very disappointed with this phone. I have worked with android since the first HTC Evo came out. Worst was that I got stock with it too. Not much to do with it.

I've had my One for a bit over a month now, and I'm still loving it.Obvious downsides are the lack of removable/user-serviceable battery, and lack of a MicroSD slot.The case and accessory ecosystem is greater with the Galaxy, but there are still several options for the One. I'm currently using a minimalist Nillkin brand case, but I'd like to see a (non-universal) model-specific waterproof case for outdoor adventures.Otherwise, I can confirm the praises this phone has received everywhere else - fantastic speakers (the best on any phone I've ever heard), super snappy software that is definitely optimized for the hardware - no lag here! There's nothing I can say that hasn't already been said a hundred times by more professional bloggers.

The phone comes with this amazing sound, beautifull HD video recording, the pictures are sharp and clear and the HD graphics makes your phone a portable media system.

I have to say I'm very happy with my purchase. I considered long and hard on my next phone contenders were, and IPhone 5, Samsung Galaxy S4, and my choice HTC One. I was going to get IPhone 5 but the time came and rumors started of HTC One (M7) and Samsung Galaxy S4 the so I waited for them to be announced of course the time came and I had to spend the money on something else. I still was undecided all my family has IPhone in various version and in different countries so would be easier to communicate with them etc and of course the S4 all its cool features etc. Two of my best friends got the HTC One they loved I checked them out and was pretty cool but still was undecided, and then I got a call from my friend and he told me that there was a one day sale on Amazon for 99 with an upgrade so I said screw it and went for it and I don't regret it one bit. This phone is so sick it super smooth and fast the front facing speakers are so loud, I remote is also a nice extra the build quality is superb. The only thing that could be better in my opinion is the camera which is pretty good but I think the quality of the pictures could be better but it is a phone so I can live with it. If you are on the fence like me I say go HTC One you won't regret it and there are plenty of apps that rival faceting and I message. I hope HTC makes plenty of money on this because I think this phone is off the hook.

After using this phone for a couple of weeks now, I can safely say it has exceeded my expectations. I was teetering between this and, of course, the Samsung S4. After reading a few reviews, I decided on this one, mainly because I don't like alot of hype and bloatware which Samsung is famous (notorious) for. What really surpised me is that I didn't jump on the &#34;root and custom rom&#34; bandwagon like I usually do with all my phones and tablets. The reason is because it is really very fast and fluid, without having to install a custom rom, and the battery life is quite good. I will probably root it eventually, but not for a while.By the way, I saw a comparison reviewing the photo quality of the S4 and the HTC ONE. I have to say that, this 4MP camera, I believe, edges out the 13MP camera the S4 has. That says something about the quality and attention to detail HTC really put into this phone.

I was an apple fan since it came out, but the HTC One really won me over!This phone is very easy to use and can do so much!, The sound and resolution are amazing! Love that I ca customize it how ever I want and can personalize it to what I am interested in.I love the look, has a nice strong elegant look to it.The size is perfect, not too small and not too big...just big enoughI have had it for a lil over a month and I still love it! I don't miss my iPhone at all!

I had a HTC phone before this and I was about to switch to another brand, but I decided to give them another shot because this phone got decent reviews so I had to check it out for myself. I had the HTC EVO 3D before this phone and would never do anything to go back to that phone. This phone is super fast when powering up. It doesn't take minutes to load all the applications that are on the phone. It loads within the minute. When you download games that are processor heavy, this phone does the trick because it is not only fast and has a quad core processor on it, but also has a decent amount of RAM (2GB). The Ultrapixel camera is an interesting feature because it allows you to do many things. This camera is better than other phones when taking camera shots in low light. It illuminates what you are taking a picture of. Zoe is a feature on this phone which is exclusive to HTC. It takes a short video around (1-2 sec) and can make it into pictures.There is a feature of BlinkFeed which I personally like because it is like newsfeed on facebook except for the fact that it combines all the services that you want to show up. Some people do not like this feature, but you can just decide to not set that page as the home page so I don't think it will be that big of a disturbance.One thing that I wish the phone had was a battery that can be removable. The phone lasts me around 10 hours for moderate usage, but it would have been even better if I could switch the batteries out when I run out.Overall, this is a fast and very smooth phone to use. It has a lot of features where that some may not even be used. I have tried many smartphones through friends in the past and I am really happy with this phone because of the way it runs. It also seems like HTC is on top of the updates on this phone unlike my other one in the past. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who wants a smooth and easy to use phone.

The phone dident work from the time I received it. I have to buy a new HTC ONE  now sense I was sold a useless phone. It keep resetting and erasing all my info the internet doesn't work. Just a bad sell.

Here are my impressions of the phone (I currently own and iPhone 5).- Beautiful built quality. The aluminum body is really well done and on par with the iPhone 5.- Love the large display, excellent quality- Speaker sound can't be compared to the iPhone, it's way better. First of all the speaker is front facing, second of all you have stereo speakers.- The camera quality is good especially in low light given the fact that it has less pixels, they are simply bigger capturing more details in low light (check out dpreview comparisons of this phone and 3 others in terms of picture quality)- The sound is good but I would recommend using your own headphones, personally I hate Dr Dre's sound quality. I use B&W; P5.- If you like android this is a great phone, it is also one of the few phones on the market with Facebook Home- HTC Sense UI is also beautiful.- Call quality was fine- Battery life is OK- Very fast processor, everything is super snappy and runs smoothly.My only issue with Android is that coming from Mac, I do like that everything just syncs from my photos (which I can share with friends on photostream) to contacts, songs, etc it's all seamless.

as a tech geek im always buying new phones and i gotta say that the one is the most gorgeous device ive ever owned!..coming from an SGS3 and a note 2 i was happy that this device actually looked and felt like a premium handset...plus it got delivered a day earlier than estimated...very happy with my purchase

The HTC One excels in both specifications and design. I've had the phone for a little over a month now, and can truly say it's the best handset made to date. The overall pyramid design makes the phone sit comfortably in the hand with now sharp edges to cause discomfort. The screen size is just right at 4.7". It was a little weird having only 2 capacitive buttons available, but it really didn't take long to get used to. I got the phone first thing in the morning, and was already accustomed to the change by lunch time.The screen's picture is very crisp. Playing a 1080p video on this screen looks amazing. The hardware specifications can back up the playback of any video without ANY hiccups. The camera is taking a little getting used to, but it definitely looks better than any of the current generation phones on the market today, in my opinion. The low light performance is second to none, and really helps capture shots in any condition.Sense 5 is a HUGE improvement over last year's Sense 4. The new Sense experience has become more transparent to Android, and has allowed users to get a better experience of stock Android through Sense. BlinkFeed is a great addition as well, but there are some out there who wish to be able to remove it. Personally, it's not very intrusive as I can put it on the far left window, and come to it when I need it. The addition of being able to remove it would be a nice touch for some, but for me, I would never want to remove it. As for the customization of BlinkFeed, there's a ton of existing content providers to pull from, but adding the ability to pull RSS feeds would be a nice touch in future builds.I've had a very small chance to play with Zoe, as there hasn't been much going on where I could use it. I can't comment on my personal experience, but from other reviews and tutorials I've seen, it's a great feature that could be a HUGE blessing in disguise. It's a great way to put together memories and share them with the people in your life. You just snap the shots, and Zoe does the rest.All in all, it's a great improvement over last year's One series of handsets. With the upcoming update to Android 4.2.2 and features it brings, this phone will be a huge contender this year, and I believe will be on top.

From what I remember, crystal clear and vibrant display. Never got to fully discover the potential and beauty of this phone. It got stolen from me after owning it for just 4 days.

I LOVE IT....... it's really really really really awesome ....... this is better than any add phone .I recommend this phone phone .and you will love it too...........  :}

I just wish this phone had a replaceable battery in it and a SD card Expendables slot.other than that the phone is made solid it works great and has great features.

Great phone sound systems perfect picture quality is phenomenal the zoom bar can be better I LOVE the phone . TeamHTC  the IPhone sucks I am glad it's gone

The blink feed was a little odd at first, but super convenient, the Screen brightness makes for great outdoor viewing in full sun, camera amazing at low light, even if the resolution is so so. Screen resolution is unparalleled, ultra-fast response between apps/navigating, great sound quality (in call and you tube/movies).  I don't fall in love with smart phones, but this phone hits the mark for everything I want to do.No upgradable memory on the US version but the 32G of space built-in means there aren't any compromises in the future for space.

I like this phone and the speaker set up.  I use it for basic web surfing and texting.  The camera takes good pictures and has many editing opitions.  I mainly have been using it for streaming netflix

I'd like for everyone to know I LOVE this phone.  It's so amazingly responsive and it's a HUGE jump from my EVO 3D.  I almost gave up on the HTC after the 3D but decided to get this phone because of all the reviews.  I'd like to talk about the PROS and CONS as I saw and experienced it.Pros: Amazingly fast.  This thing was blazing.  The camera took pretty good pictures.  They were't amazing or anything but pretty damn good for a point and shoot on a cell phone.  I really like the wide lense so you can get more into your shot without having to back up.  I found myself using ZOE a lot as it was pretty fun to play with, as well.  Call quality was pretty damn good especially when you had people on the speaker.  Music and videos were amazing thanks for the fron facing speakers.  One other thing I'd like to mention that made me like HTC again was the battery life.  My EVO 3D would run out of batteries by the end of the night without much usage.  This phone can go on my heavy usage all day and still have 30% left by the end of the night.  Just amazing.Cons: Build quality.  Mine had the gaps people mentioned.  They're not supposed to be there due to zero gap, I heared.  That didn't bother me too much. The white part around te edges were a little rough and catches your finger as your run it along the edges/sides of the phone.  What REALLY got to me were dead pixels!!  I've never seen dead pixels in any of the phones I've ever owned and also any monitors or TVs I have ever owned.  PLEASE BEWARE.  Get a pixel tester and set your screen to maximum brightness.  I saw my dead pixels on the black screen.  They are not stuck pixels, which can be fixed.  I noticed mine during a video in the dark.  My dead pixels happened to be just right where the black bars were which was noticable.  After upon further inspection, I found 4 more.  I asked a friend to check his. He wasn't able to find any but after I checked for him, I found at least 3.  Please look for these and make sure you review it so others can see and report this so this issue can be fixed.Other thoughts: I had mine shipped back which looks like it may take a while.  I will write another review on the new one once it comes in.  CHECK YOUR SCREENS.UPDATE:  I skipped the second phone and have received my third... I am still VERY disappointed.  DEAD PIXELS and still very bad viewing angels?  I've checked in store HTC Ones and have not seen this issue.  I have friends with the same phone and also nothing like what I've seen on the HTC One.  At this point, my contract has been renewed so I will not be able to get the new contract price from the Sprint Store... This is disappointing.  I Urge everyone to check their screens for very bad viewing angles as well as dead pixels.  My second one also was not picking up 4G.  The call quality also kept going in and out.  I believe Amazon is able to sell these for so cheap as they are either the first bad batch of phones or they were binned as low quality.  Since I am no longer able to get this from Sprint, I will keep pushing it until I get one that works as this is a great phone.  If my next phone is also defective, I may just get the S4. Please check your screens.  I will update once I receive my 4th phone.

Well Well Well...What a Smartphone this is...That feel.. That Awesome Premium Looks.. Puts Kate Upton to shame :PWhen you first hold this device, you know how privileged you feel... Aluminum Unibody .. What a Technology. I know its not a first since Apple used this first.. But then again, Apple are a first in most of the things, be it modern day touch, Aluminum feel...So.. One by One :Battery Life: Turn on power saver from 100% itself and expect it to beat most smartphones out there. What it does is underclocks the processor from 1.7 GHz to 1.2 GHz. Quite Useful. If you dont do that, prepare to be disappointed!Media: HTC Zoe rocks! 1080p 469 ppi is a treat! You will forget about Retina Display for sure! Colors are natural and not artificially over-tones like Super AMOLED in S4Phone features: Sense 5 (The UI, aka Launcher) is good but not like Stock Android Launcher. It has no lag, howsoever! Super fast! Speakers are awesome! Beats by Dr DRE is another advantage. Headphones sound so good! Touchscreen is very good and responsive. I dont care about no micro SD card capability as 32 GB is good enough for. The world is anyway moving towards Cloud storage and I see it moving forward without SD Card. regarding people critisizing that they cant change the battery. I have had 2 smartphones until now and I have never had to replace my battery. Just keep a USB Cable with you and you would be fine, just in case. You can find a USB jack almost anywhere!The Camera is good but not great. In the night, its the best out there, most of us party in low light conditions dont we? So its always good to have the Ultrapixel thing!Looks & Feel: Requires no words, fresh from heaven! Most B'ful phone out there!Performance: Very Fast, people saying S4 has octa core and all, well those 8 cores cant be used at the same time in any cost. it has 4 Cores at 1.9 GHz and another 4 crores at 1.2 Ghz. for balancing between battery and performanceValue: Well with the HTC One Tradeup program, and transferring my number to Sprint, I paid ZERO Dollars!Highly recommend!

I really love this sexy, sexy phone. I love it enough that I convinced my girlfriend and another friend to buy their own. Mine's candy apple red and lives up to the hype. Hers is sleek silver and makes her very happy. My only concern is with the non-expandable memory and the sealed battery - when it goes south, I don't know what it will take to replace it. But overall I'm quite satisfied with this purchase.

Don't look any further for another phone...Silver is beautiful...black is too....battery life is great...screen is bright and sharp...sounds is Great even better with the headphones included...Buy it NOW :)

Great sound.  Mute button gets pushed by your cheek a lot while you are talking.  I haven't had a chance to get through all of the book and train on this phone.  It seems to be better than the HTC 4G LTC EVO phone.  I am not crazy about the format of the home screen at all. It seems to much like windows 8 and/or a tablet.

The phone actually feels great when using, the metal casing gives you confidence the phone can stand up to most anything when holding it, unlike the plastic phones out there.The phone is easy to use and handle, its fast and reliable. I don't have a cover for it only becuase I want to show off the phone, but in those rare moments that I've dropped it only minor scratches appear and the phone still feels solid and complete.I have two children and I'm always taking pictures and recording videos of them, I've been doing it ever since they were handed to me by the doctor. Zoe, just makes those memories that much better. I can enjoy the moments with family and friends when watching the short videos created by Zoe.The quality of the pictures are superb which makes me feel that much better about the phone and of my decision to get it.  I read a review from this site, and went for it...I'm glad I did!

Be warned: The Sprint HTC One I recieved would not connect to 4G even though I simultaneously tested another Sprint phone which was able to connect to 4G in the same location. Sprint customer service stated that it's a &#34;known issue&#34; with the HTC One and that HTC was &#34;working on a fix&#34;.

Best phone I ever had! this phone is better than any phone on the market it works great it works fast it works clean I've had no problems with it it's better than life itself blows iPhones  out of the water and my friends are always complaining about their phones. Buy and htc one! HTC makes the best phones.

Really is a good phone, it's fast, and the battery lasts me all day with some surfing and Skyping.  I changed from a Samsung phone and this took some getting used to with the buttons in different places.  The power button on top is good so you don't accidentally make the screen active but bad in that it is harder to do it one handed.  I got this phone over the Samsung S4 because the speakers are on the front and it is a little easier to hear our son when we Skype.  The sound is LOUD.  The base is underwhelming but still good.  The ear buds pull in more base.  Put a clear case on it and you can still enjoy the Metal &#34;Iphone look&#34;.Overall I might have liked the Samsung better as it seems a little more logical and has a better camera but I needed the front speakers so I'm satisfied.

The HTC one beat my expectations in all categories. This phone is super fast, the display is super sharp and the build quality is superb. The camera, although having only 4 "mega pixels", is great. The HTC one has a beautiful aluminum body that has a great feel and is easy to hold. The only gripe that I have about this phone is it's beveled edges. It can dent and scratch very easy. This is definitely not a deal breaker for the least. I would get a case or bumper to keep this machine pristine, Amazon has a ton of them. Go and get the HTC one, you won't be disappointed!

battery life, is the only problem with the phone but then again every phone has this same problem. but hey

I love my phone. It's slim sleek and the apps that are built in are awesome. It creates a slideshow with my pictures from different events. So much more!

I just received my One from Amazon, much faster than I had thought. It looks like a great phone, but I have an issue. My location at work has terrible reception for my carrier so I'm always roaming while at work. I can't use internet, but making calls and using text messaging has never been an issue. With this phone the Roaming feature is literally missing. It is supposed to be under settings-mobile data- and pow 5-6 different choices.... Except mine only has TWO- 4G Settings & Network Mode. It's missing all of the others shown in every internet search that I've done. Even the manual that came with this phone states the Roaming feature should be found right there but mine is missing. I'm wondering if anybody else had this issue and what you may have done to get this fixed? I'm dreading having to mail the phone back and wait for another to come and possibly have the same issue.

This is my third HTC phone in a row. Far exceeds expectations and extremely well built. Great look, feel and features. The camera is extraordinary and texting has never been easier.

Gotta love it! Best phone I have ever had. Pics/videos taken are so clear, color is right on. Calls are so clear wherever I am. This phone offers more than I thought. It is light weight and not bulky. My kids have the different galaxy phones and after seeing what the ONE has, they want it. Overall fantastic phone!

If you are searching for a real good phone which you can compare to a samsung phone and from the precision and the design to an iPhone, you are totally right with the HTC one!Otherwise check out my other favourite phones... [...]

This phone is wonderful! It reacts faster than my previous phone and the camera features are great. I can now easily catch the funny moments of my grand-daughter and have good quality. The only cons is the UICC is locked by Sprint, I am planning to have a trip but I cannot use the SIM feature; that sucks! Sprint should consider unlock the UICC for customers that buy it at full price! Sprint, do you hear me !!!

This is very good smartphone, but I don't believe it is a 5 Star. This phone is just a step below the Galaxy S4, and the only reason I didn't get/wait for the GS4 is because of the price. I would have had to pay an extra $200 to get the S4. Very good over all feel and function. It looks more white than gray/silver. Very good sound quality from the speakers.

I can say this after using the phone for a week, it is the best smoothest experience I have ever seen in a android phone period.Galaxy S4 looks like a cheap Chinese plastic toy phone in front of HTC one.HTC please please give us android 4.2.2. soon.

I began following the HTC since it was first getting leaked that HTC was staging a comeback, and the HTC One was going to be their flagship device. I'm someone that always likes to jump on board with the latest and greatest and so I tried out the HTC One shortly after it came out. Despite my initial excitement and some positive aspects to the device and the software, I ultimately ended up returning it. I've tried to highlight the pros and cons below that led to my decision.Pros- Fantastic build quality: This is what an Android phone should be built like and it just feels fantastic to the touch. High quality materials all around - save for a few bands of plastic for the cellular and Wifi radios. Holding this in 1 hand and the SGS4 in the other makes it readily apparent which company went the extra mile to build something that feels solid in the hand.- Excellent screen: The color reproduction is by far the more accurate out of the recent crop of android devices on the market. I regularly use a color-calibration device on my computer monitors, so I pay particular attention to this. The unit I specifically got has a slight red-shift, but nothing that impairs the overall quality. It's definitely got more accurate color reproduction than the Samsung Galaxy S4, but some people might like the "richer" more saturated look that the SGS4 provides. Viewing angles are only about okay, but not a big issue for me since I'm the only one that uses this. The 1080p Resolution makes everything crisp and easy to read.- Above-average low-light performance: This phone overall does a better job than most other competitors in terms of low-light performance. I wish I could say it stands above the rest, but Nokia takes top honors in low-light and in terms of mixed lighting scenarios I still think the SGS4 is still a step up. See the cons for more information.- Good camera software: The Zoes feature is pretty cool and is a great way to create little clips or pick out the best image of the lot. It's easy to share and integrates well with existing social networks. It's one of the unique software features HTC offers, and is definitely one of the fun highlights that most people I show really enjoy playing with. I just wish it came with a dedicated camera button to make taking pictures a bit easier.- Great built-in speakers: The speakers that are built into the phone sound pretty solid if you're holding the phone in the standard portrait mode. It's great for sharing something with a friend when you're in a more public area and most phone speakers give out. Don't expect miracles from phone speakers, but as far as phone speakers go they are a step above the rest. The beats software also does some great synthesizer work when you plug in your headphones, though it's more suitable for current pop and hip-hop music than for other genres.- Blinkfeed: Blinkfeed sort of integrates all of the news you care about into one convenient sliding panel. I tried it for a bit, and while it's convenient I also feel it was reducing my battery performance (no evidence of this), so I simply chose to ignore it. It's a great option for those of you that want to pull in information from all of your favorite sites into one area. I don't think there is a way to remove blinkfeed entirely, you can only choose to ignore it like I did. Still work trying out though!- Includes IR integration: This means the HTC can connect and control your TV, which is pretty handy when you can't find the remote. It's pretty basic in terms of the controls you get, but it works well in a pinch.- Solid wifi performance: I have a Asus AC-1750 802.11ac router and tested speeds on file transfers and media playback with the HTC One and it came through with flying colors. I was easily able to transfer a 1080p MKV movie file of around a few gigs in size in minute or 2. It's not as quick as the external 802.11ac adapters I have, but excellent for a phone.Cons- The metal build of this phone means that if it gets dropped it will definitely show some serious battle-scars, paint chipping, and dents. The SGS4, though plastic, does have durability going for it. It's a shame to feel like you have to invest in a case since it's such a good looking device, but I just don't feel safe about using this phone outside without one because it's so easy for someone to bump you accidentally and for this phone to get thrashed. The metal also means this thing heats up quite a bit when you're doing things like watching movies/tv or playing a game.- Camera is just not that great overall: The camera integrates what HTC is calling ultra-pixels, which are basically a smaller number of bigger pixels to capture more light. While this is a fine solution to capture more light and give you better low-light performance, it's not the best choice for when you do have plenty of light or even moderate light. Frankly, I just didn't think the images were that great, and the lack of zoom while working with them on your desktop becomes readily apparent - especially if you like to crop your shots after taking them like I do. I personally think Nokia's implementation of using a ridiculously large megapixel sensor and combining multiple pixels to oversample is the better solution. Take a look at the new Nokia 1020 sample images and compare to see for yourself. If I had to buy a Android phone today and wanted the best overall camera - my nod goes to the SGS4.- Average battery life: While the capacity seems decent for a phone, because of the higher resolution and larger screen I've been seeing very average to poor battery life results. I've used it mainly on my daily commute, which involves listening to Pandora to and from work, checking gmail very regularly throughout the day, and using the calendar and GPS functions frequently. I do watch a tv show during the afternoon sometimes if I'm on the go, and make about a hour or 2 worth of phone calls a day. Put simply, I've bought a external battery pack and a spare charger with me everyday that I had this phone because if I wanted to go out after work I could not trust the HTC One to make it through. Every HTC device I've tried has had middling battery life, from the HTC Sensation to the HTC One X. It seems HTC hasn't changed much here, and it's a shame because the battery is sealed in, so I'm not at all confident about battery degradation over time.SPRINT VERSION: I did not purchase the sprint version when I got this phone, but I did get to play around with my friend's Sprint HTC One and he's had consistently slower LTE speeds and poorer battery life than I have when we checked our battery usage meters one day doing roughly the same things. This is because the Sprint CDMA network is less power-efficient than the GSM-based version I tried out, and also because we probably had different levels of LTE signal strength. It shouldn't be too big of a difference in practical use, but something to know.- No expandable storage: The 32gb that's built into this phone, with a fair amount used up for the HTC software, just isn't enough for power users. I load on a good deal of my own music and I used to just swap out movies and tv shows onto a microSD card slot to take on the go (thanks to data caps ruining the fun of streaming them on the go). I think 32gb will be fine for most people, but not having the option to expand like the SGS4 or Sony models just puts HTC one step below.- Still some lag: This phone has some really fast internals, and does indeed run very smoothly most of the time. Unfortunately, there are still those moments of slow-down and lag that have plagued Android handsets for a while that I at least still notice. This isn't going to be a 100% smooth experience, but it's not enough to severely impact the daily use of this phone. Just wanted to mention that it still is there for those of you that care.- Poor button placement: The power button is along the top part of the phone because it's integrated with the IR blaster, meaning it can be pretty hard to reach for those with smaller hands. Moreover, HTC decided to break the Android standard and include only the back and home button with a big non-functional htc logo in the middle. I can't tell you how many times I've pushed the logo expecting to go home, and this is something my friends have done too when playing with the phone. It's just a poor design decision.Ultimately for me the most important aspects of a phone are camera performance, screen quality, and battery life. In terms of camera-performance the HTC One is just not as good as the competition, and I cannot recommend buying it for the ultra-pixel (4MP) camera when there are better options available today and coming out soon. Screen quality on this phone is probably the best you can get in nearly all regards. And the battery-life is just something that on day-1 isn't good enough for me on what I consider moderate usage. Overall, if I had to own this phone for a few years, I wouldn't feel too happy about it. While the screen quality will hold up over time, the camera performance is already behind the competition and the battery life will only get worse as the battery degrades over time. I'm glad HTC is staging a comeback and this is a great first-step, but it's still got some work to do before I can recommend their devices for long-term ownership and satisfaction.

pros: great camera awesome HD motion picture great soundCons: doesnt allow the option to set music as notifications for alarms just ring tones

Style: This is what the iPhone 5 should have looked like.Performance:  Blazing speed. Even the bloatware isn't bad. A pure android version would be a category killer.Beats Audio is not a gimmick.

I'm very pleased with this phone.  I especially like the HTC feature that allows you to go to an HTC website and download your contacts, text messages, and photos.  I dropped my phone, the screen cracked and I had to replace it, and being able to retain all my info was extremely helpful.

Build quality is superb with brushed aluminum and sturdy construction. Very business friendly unlike the Galaxy 4 with its cheap plastic and gimmicky software. Blazing fast, great look and straight forward software make it a excellent business device. Highly recommend it!

I have been using it for almost a year now. Really like it. The camera and camcorder is amazing. It's very stable as well.  The only complaint I have is that I doesn't have replaceable battery like the Samsung Galaxy phones.  That is the main reason for my 4 star.  Other than that, I highly recommend it.

I have only been using this phone for a month.  That being said I am familiar with the android phones and it has been a smooth transition from my HTC Evo 3d.  I really like how much help it is throughout my work day.  The features are nice but are common smartphone features but they work very well.  I don't like how quiet the speaker is and I think that needs to be addressed.

Pretty awesome phone.  The interface takes some getting used to if you were a previous Samsung owner, not bad, just different.  Best external speakers i've heard from a phone.

It;s a great looking phone, sleek, fast, long battery life, nice hand feel, plenty of real estate. What's not to like!

Not much different than the older HTC EVO 4G, although the processor is much faster and that makes a difference

Best deal i could find anywhere, i love this phone, i have had palm phones, use iphone for work, last phone was htc, almost went S4 but glad i got this! Beautiful craftsmanship, good sound, louder than iphone. best touch responce out of any phone i have ever used to this date!

The One, which succeeds the One X and the One S (that's HTC intuitive naming convention for you) is a refreshing new design in the world of Android smartphones. The beveled metal finish and large display area are more than reminiscent of Apple's best designs, and the One is a product that is pleasant to hold and use.This phone's main competitors are the ageing iPhone 5 and Galaxy S3, and the brand new S4. Only the S4 matches its screen resolution and quality (full HD, 1920x1080). The iPhone 5 and S3 have significantly lesser resolution, and the S3's AMOLED screen has significant color fidelity issues (which the S4 supposedly addresses).Just like the iPhone, and unlike its Samsung competitors, its battery is internal and not user-replaceable, and it does not offer a microSD card slot. However, unlike earlier HTC phones, the One supports MHL and OTG via standard cables: what this means is you can actually mount a USB memory stick (or even a hard drive) via aMicro USB OTG to USB 2.0 Adapter. Unfortunately, in order to access NTFS or HFS+ formatted drives you will need to "root" the phone.The screen quality is sensational: color fidelity and resolution are absolutely splendid -- keep in mind you have exactly the same pixel count on this phone as you have on a top of the line high definition TV. You can't see the pixels no matter how close you look. The sound is just as amazing; clear, accurate, distortion-free, and loud (for a phone!). As one would expect, the speakerphone is equally good.The front camera is HD-capable and provides good results for Skyping; the much-ballyhooed main camera was a bit of a disappointment. Its 4 megapixels may be beautiful, accurate, good in low light conditions, etc... but in the end they're only 4 megapixels. On the positive side, it will take you a lot longer to fill up the non-expandable memory with the smaller picture files! Overall I think the pictures tend to come out a little oversaturated and too dark, but that could be because I feel let down after all the hype the One's camera received; it's good, but I wouldn't call it better than what the iPhone 5 can do.One feature I don't see mentioned much is that the power button at the top left of the phone doubles as an IR blaster. I have owned countless smart remotes, from cheap ones to high end very expensive programmable models, as well as various interface gadgets for phones and tablets; not a single one left a lasting impression. They're hard to program and configure, their device databases are often incomplete, and they're inconvenient to use, so I wasn't expecting much from this freebie. Well, color me surprised, the "TV" app is sensational. Within all of 3 minutes it had walked me through a simple setup asking me about my components (Panasonic TV, TiVo DVR with Comcast service, area code, and Onkyo receiver) and was showing me color thumbnails for current and upcoming broadcasts, as well as presenting control screens for all my devices. I can't believe this, but I may be contemplating the first really well made universal remote!The big downer on this phone for me was the Sprint service: poor coverage and unacceptable data speeds (what they call "3G" offers about 1/10th the speed of 3G on AT&T; and T-Mobile). If you're in one of the few areas where they offer LTE coverage (they claim to offer LTE in the SF Bay Area, but it seems to be limited to the North and North-East of San Francisco) then why not, otherwise their offering is simply uncompetitive; as much as I love the idea of unlimited data, I don't see the point of unlimited data at the glacial speeds I saw. Their policies are also very odd; for instance, you can't use a pay-as-you-go plan on a One, even if you purchase it out right without a contract. And they won't unlock the GSM SIM to use abroad unless you purchased the phone with a commitment and have had it for more than 90 days. You read right: if you pay full price for this phone, they will not unlock it. That is completely unacceptable.PROS----- Gorgeous phone: just the right size, with a big bright crisp display with perfect color fidelity- Amazing sound- Beautiful finish and sturdy construction, makes Samsung's plasticky construction look toy-like- MHL and OTG support- Bluetooth 4 (support for low power devices like fitness monitors)- Zippy processor- Good battery lifeCONS----- Non-replaceable battery- No microSD card slot- Camera not as good as the hype would have you believe- Sprint service and policiesCONCLUSION----------If you live in an area where Sprint offers good LTE coverage and love to stream music and movies, this phone's beautiful screen, excellent sound and zippy performance make it a great choice; it definitely makes the iPhone 5 show its age, and gives the S4 a run for its money. I would not recommend this phone for use on Sprint in the San Jose area.

I am generally happy with the phone however the  microphone does not work and I can only make calls on speaker phone.  According to online forums this is a common issue.  I contacted Amazon for a replacement.  Initially I was told that they would send a phone immediately.  Then I was told that approval was not granted and I will have to take the phone to a store and attempt to have it repaired prior to any replacements.  I expected better customer service from amazon which is why I purchased the phone through them.  In the future I will simply by local and make sure the unit is working prior to excepting it.

After owning 4 iPhones I finally made the switch and I'm happy I did.  Android is great and this phone is just a perfect gem.  Beautiful, fast, fantastic gorilla-glass screen.  No regrets!

I have had my HTC 1 for a month now, great phone. Better then my wife's S4. Especially since it was over $60 bucks cheaper then her S4. Call Clarity is great. music with beats audio sounds great(Rap and Hip Hop sound best). Even came with beats headset. The S4 bests the 1 in signal strength, and screen size.

Great phone. Fits easily in your hand (my hands are not that big). Great screen size and very clear picture. Easy to use. Good battery life. We really love these phones.

I purchased this phone for my wife the phone worked great for a few months then the microphone became very quiet and no one could hear her. No big deal that's why products have a warranty. Shipped phone to HTC under warranty for repair in original box.  they then requested $180 to fix the damaged case.  What damaged case?  I am now fighting with them to have the phone repaired.  I have pictures of the phone before being shipped showing no damage.  They have/will not show my any pictures of the packaging or of the phone IMEI.Great phoneWorst company I have ever had to deal with.

There is a small pin sized hole in the horizontal white strip above the camera lens. I am not sure if that hole supposed to be there. I will like it exchange if the hole is a defect.

HTC One Silver is a great phone. Camera is great, takes very clear pictures. This phone is much better than all other smart phones i had. Much more user friendly. You can customized it to your on specification. I would recommend this phone.

I have owned every iPhone with the exception being the 3GS. I was waiting for a phone to come out on the Android platform that warranted my attention, and the One was able to sway me to try it out. I am quite happy that I switched. Although iOS is 'stable', the Android OS has become pretty polished, and this phone handles multitasking like a beast. Aesthetically it is more impressive of a design than my iPhone 5 was, but most of all I absolutely love the Super LCD3 screen. The blacks looks amazing, and the color saturation is phenomenal. Make no mistake, this is the best phone on the market, period. The S4 will be great but it is lacking immersive sound reproduction along with exquisite materials. If HTC can market this phone right it deserves to outsell anything else on the market. The iPhone 5S will probably have a quad core in it, but essentially the screen is staying at 4 inches, and really will not offer anything to make me miss having an iPhone. Since most of the apps that I use on a daily basis are available on Android, the switch was pain-free. HTC also has the sync software designed to transfer information over from your iPhone to the One, along with other manufacturer phones.The camera has been working really well. The built in Zoe feature, along with the filters make it easier to not have to use third party apps for basic photo editing/enhancement. HTC plans to push an update out to improve how the image saturation looks. Basically all of the 'quirks' with this phone are fixable through software- and that is a good thing.The BoomSound is great, music sounds a lot more immersive than it did on my iPhone. You can turn off Beats Audio and compare for yourself. Surprisingly, the provided earbuds sound really good. I wasn't expecting much from them, but they have decent sound stage and good low's.So far I have had zero lag on switching programs, having a bunch of apps open, and trying my best to boggle this thing down. Hardware wise this thing is on-par with the S4. I was pleasantly surprised to see that it features support for 802.11ac! The sense UI does not bother me at all. I could see why some Android purists wouldn't want it, but the tiles for social media make it fun and easy to find different social feeds/news articles to sort through. I deleted the sprint shortcut menu to provide more tile space for my apps on the sub-screen. I do like the free Sprint TV app and love that it doesn't affect my data whatsoever.The Google GPS Navigation app almost feels like a Garmin software. I was quite pleased with it. The case I ended up going with is the OtterBox Commuter Series. It fits perfectly.OtterBox 77-26425 Commuter Series Hybrid Case for HTC One - 1 Pack - Retail Packaging - GlacierAll in all, this is a fantastic phone. It feels good, looks good, and performs admirably. It has everything that I need on it. Switching to Sprint saved me $100 bucks, so getting a 32GB phone for $108 after tax is awesome!iPhone loyalists, I encourage you to take a serious, and long look at this phone.

Awesome phone! Only about 4 weeks in and is hasn't given me any issues like other android phones. Slight learning curve at first due to HTC sense.

HTC and I have had a sorted history, I was in love with the HTC Hero when it first released for Sprint a few years ago but their policy of not seeming to update (or Sprints inability to get the updates approved) caused me nothing but frustration). After letting my poor Nexus S rest in piece(s) I needed a new phone and reviews of the HTC One have been solid, most of them saying that the phone has all of the right parts with a minimal amount of bloat to get things done. Here is my take on that...Loves...- Build quality is awesome, this phone feels like it will last while not feeling so heavy that I think I am dragging around a brick. It looks sharp and the finish is durable enough to handle the day to day travels in my pocket without a case if I wanted to continue living life dangerously. I know some users have complained of build quality gaps and the like, I have not had that issue and I think a majority of the units are fine, just be sure and inspect your phone for gaps in the construction before your return window is up. Amazon is great at getting you taken care of so don't lapse on checking.- Screen is great, the colors look sharp and it gets bright enough to be seen outdoors. I do not see any issues with motion blur or ghosting as can be seen on cheaper displays. Touch is very responsive and I have seen no mis-reported touches or ghost touches as of yet- Performance is top notch, I have a few android devices (Nexus 7 rooted, Galaxy Tab 10.1, Toshiba Thrive, HTC EVO 4G LTE, Asus TF700T) and do a fair amount of tinkering to optimize performance and battery life. Out of the box with no tweaking I felt this phone was flying. It is not running the latest build of Android because Sprint and HTC take their time on these things (Read:Drag their feet). But even with that handicap (of lack of handicap depending upon your particular benchmark) this is the fasted phone i have used to date. the quad core snap dragon and the 2GB of ram seem to be the trick in this and it shows.- Speakers on this thing are really good, the sound is clean and feels like there is actual weight behind it. I would not try and hold a concert with it or anything along those lines but I do use them for games without issue when I leave the headphones in the car or at home and showing someone a youtube clip or video captured on the phone allows them to hear everything which is nice. Hopefully more manufactures will take something away from this type of design...Likes...- UltraPixel camera, you can find a ton of reviews on this camera tech on the web but the basics are this. HTC has a sensor that captures more light per pixel and in turn should produce better images. The reality is that camera has a lot of great features but it still feels a little meh most of the time. Color reproduction is good (not great), the shot to shot time can be very fast and burst mode can make things really shine if you are trying to capture something in sequence. the ZOE feature also seems neat but I am struggling to find a real use for it at this time. I use the phone to capture my 19 month old daughter who is running non-stop all the time now. It gets me some good shots but the focus can lag a little at times especially with moving targets.- Battery life has been ok, on wifi working from home I end the day with about an hour of phone talk time and 3-4 hours of email and web use with about 50% charge, that's off the charger at 7am and back on between 11pm and midnight. That may sound great, awesome even but things change dramatically when you head out to the real world where you use the network of your chosen cellular provider. On days where I am on house calls assisting clients I average 9 hours of solid use before the phone is crying for the charger. A replaceable battery by the user would make this a non-issue but alas this unit has a sealed battery and you will be pulling the screen off to get at the battery to replace according to ifixit.com, they gave it a one out of 10 which this not being golf means it is terrible for user level repairs.- Storage, is in a word going to be interesting. Are you a user who does not keep much on their phone and does not expect much in the way of expand-ability? If so then you will LOVE this phone. It has 32gb's of storage which after everything is said and done equate to about 25Gb's of usable. Do you love cloud storage like dropbox and skydrive (or whatever MS is having to rename it to now) then this won't be an issue. If you take tons of photos keep everything loaded on your phone and want to never delete anything you may want to consider the Galaxy S4 as a better option. On a side note using an OTG cable and ES Explorer the phone natively mounts additional storage, no root required. If the kick starter for that really small microSD card reader ends up happening it might be useful as well. Currently after owning for less than a month I am sitting at half my storage available, this is from a few videos a large amount of dropbox files synced for offline access and some games with a few hundred photos captured with the camera.Uggsss...- BlinkFeed, not sure where HTC is coming from with this tech. Yes it is nice to have all of your social media in one place but I would love to be able to disable it entirely. You can assign another screen as the primary but the blinkfeed screen will always be in position number one. Drives me nuts but not enough at this time to switch to the Google Edition rom via XDA Devs...- Options Button... I know it is standard for Google Design now to do away with the 3rd button at the bottom of the phone/ tablets but HTC seems to be the only one taking this serious. So instead of having that option button at the bottom to do additional things you find the home button running triple duty. Press to go back to the home screen, double tap rapidly to open up a list of running apps and hold down for google now.- Wifi strength can be hit and miss in my house, I have a two story modern construction and find that approaching opposite ends of the wifi show 1 bar versus my nexus 7 showing 2-3. I have a plan in place to fix this long term but keep that in mind if you are looking for hundreds of feet of range out of wifi. 100- 125ft in doors between walls may be the best to expect.Wrap-upI love the phone, when the wife is eligible for an upgrade she is sold on it as well (currently has the EVO 4g LTE. I feel like HTC has hit a stride with this device and can be proud of how it looks and feels. The UI could use some additional polish in the form of more customization but the reality is if it bugged me that much I should just flash the Google Edition Rom for it and run a stock android experience. I would venture to say this is the best Android phone you can get on Sprint at the moment and if HTC keeps the updates rolling I think it will continue to be a bargain at $100+ range. My recommendation is to BUY and be happy with it. I will update this after using the phone for another 30 days with any changes I have noticed.

It is the best SMART phone of 2013!Strongly recommendation! Slick metal cast with ultra sharp touch screen!Go and get it NOW!

Not a phone of the Sense screen, but love the phone and the camera.....mostly.  I use my phone for calls, texts, light internet and heavy camera. The phone is light, great sized and quick.  And while the camera and all of its options/capabilities is generally great.  The zoom is garbage.  I would only remove a half star for that, but it is not an option.  The Zoe camera and options are quite impressive.

Great phone, Great price and Great purchase! The flagship of HTC's phones, this phone does it all for both work and play. I mainly utilize the Multimedia functions and with the integrated Beats sound, this phone sounds great.  Now if only Sprint can catch up with their competition and provide 4G in my area that would be awesome. Love that this phones mini usb charge port is also an HDMI out. I use it all the time. You'll need an MHL cable to utilize the HDMI feature. Photos are vividly clear and same with Amy pics on the Blinkfeed. Even the Album pics are clear, plus this phone has a feature in it that automatically displays the lyrics to the music on your phone. Didn't have that feature on past phones.  Great purchase!

That's the question, isn't it?  I mean, everyone and their mother own and use an iPhone.  Or at least, it seems that way.  Most people I know have an iPhone as their main electronic device, including me.  I have an iPhone 4S.  So, my review will be based on the perspective of an iPhone user/lover having to then switch to an Android phone - the HTC One 4G.----* FORM:It's big.  For a phone, it's big.  I like my iPhone because I can slip it into my pocket and carry it around.  This thing is about an inch longer, a little wider, and so it's not as portable, if you ask me.  It is SUPER LIGHT and does fit well in the hand - I just think it's too big for a "phone" and you look a little ridiculous holding this to your face taking a call (do people still do that anymore? Are we all about headsets now?).* SCREEN:AWESOME.  Better than the iPhone hands down.  Bigger, smoother video, it amazed me.  Squint all you want - you're not going to find any pixels.  I thought that was amazing!  It's a hand-held 1080P HDMI SCREEN!!!!  It will blow you away!!!!* SOUND:I've seen the commercials - and the only thing the commercials talk about are the speakers.  Yes, they face forward.  So the first thing I looked at was - are the speakers as good as they claim?  YES.  They are pretty awesome. My theory is that this phone is so big, that the spacing of the speakers is almost exactly the same distance as your ears on the side of your head: so when listening to this thing head-on, it sounds awesome.  But - how often are you going to use the speakers? Chances are you're going to use a dock to blast sound.  Chances are you're going to use headphones when watching video/tv on here.  So, does it really matter that it has decent speakers?  I sure don't depend on the speaker on my iPhone, so I am not used to needing/using the speakers on my phone.* FUNCTIONALITYI do not like the software.  I think it's a mess figuring out where stuff is, finding settings, setting the home screen, figuring out how to go back a screen (do I hit that arrow key in the lower left or swipe or click the arrow on screen?).  It's not very intuitive.  I also question the integrity of the operating system itself:  I USED to have a droid years ago, and over time it would re-boot on it's own, give me all kinds of software errors.  Time will tell if this phone does the same thing, but it just doesn't feel secure to me.HOWEVER: Some positive notes on functionality: This thing is FAST.  Takes photos SUPER FAST.  No dumb shutter lag, no waiting, just BOOM photo taken.  Awesome.  And they look GREAT.  Definitely takes amazing photos!!!!  ALSO:  This thing has a sensor on it which allows it to CONTROL YOUR CABLE BOX AND TV!!!!  It's SO COOL!  You always have your phone with you - now you can use it as a TV remote!  In a bar and want to turn down the TV volume?  Download that TV's code and BOOM - now you can control it!!  VERY SLICK!!!!------So why only four stars?  Well, how often and for how long do you watch videos on a tiny screen?  That can't be good for your eyes.  How often do you need the speakers on a cell phone?  And did you notice that I haven't even MENTIONED the phone capabilities here in this review?  Yes, calls were fine - I've had Sprint in the past and I like them - but seriously all phones are the same these days:  None have superior calling abilities than the other.  It's all about your provider, and they all use the same tech anyhow.  Also the size, for a phone, is too big for me.  I like it compact and pocketable without being too wide.------I uploaded some photos so you can see what you get, as well as see how big this thing is.------Can the HTC One out-iPhone the iPhone?  Not yet - close but no cigar!!!!

This phone is, hands down, the best phone I've ever had.  It is beautifully constructed, solid as a rock, and performs flawlessly.

Really love this phone. Batery life is awesome and since 4g was rolled out in jax, i dont seem to put it down.

Everything is as amazing as advertized. I just have it for a few days but I cannot be happier. It is way better then iPhone 5 and Samsung. Where former is just to simple and a bit small (and expensive for what it is), and the later does not feel right and just dont like Samsung shell and bloaware. This phone require you to get used to just two buttons but it is ok.The Screen is vivid and the blink feed on it is great feature to check what is outthere quick, 32Gb is more then enough and the phone sound is the best I have even experience from the phone. The list goes on.  Also, I have Sprint thus where there is a poor data reception (a lot) then there is a power drain. If you can avoid Sprint for now until they finish Network upgrades (not sure when).Now, the problem I had is with Amazon. I ordered silver device and recieve black one instead. I dont mind it now since it is beautiful in Black, but I am upset that no one from Amazon had a curtezy to notify me of the change they are making.

Before this, I had an HTC Evo and the transition was fairly easy. I love how much more customizable this phone is and the awesome pictures it takes. I had minor problems activating my phone but a quick phone call to the 1-800 number they provide solved everything, PLUS I think the number is 24/7 which was a big plus for me. When I went to the Sprint store they encouraged me not to buy from anyone else and cautioned me against the problems I would surely incur. They were wrong. I'm definitely buying all my future phones this way.

If you've been following this product at all and have read the critic reviews, you may be wondering, 'is it really as good as they make it out to be?' Is this really the best phone on are market, right now?Simply put, yes, it very much is. Compared to the competition this is the ultimate package in a phone. The screen, camera, sound, software, and beautiful hardware make this the phone to get. HTC has outdone themselves yet again and perhaps more than ever, it shows.The phone is fast and responsive. The camera is top-notch and serves very well in low-light situations. The Boomsound speakers are innovative and makes you wonder why it hasn't been done before. These speakers out perform my gaming laptop's speakers. The first time I heard them, I was surprised at how good they sound.All in all, if you've been reading about this phone, all the good things being said are true and warranted. This is the phone to buy if you are looking for a new phone.

I've had my phone for 2 months already.Beautiful, the battery lasts all day, and it is very fast.Highly recommended.

Well this phone is like her. Everything is as perfect and beautiful as Bo Derek running down a Mexican beach half naked in Dudley Moore's imagination. Why no perfect 10? She spoiled perfection when she opened her mouth and dropped the F-bomb. No SD Card slot is really the only disappointment and the F-bomb for me. (What the frick HTC, what were you thinking?) so dropping a star, no perfect 10 for that. I was also disappointed at no hdmi slot, but I found a great micro usb to hdmi cable for $11 here on Amazon that works great! Battery is built in, but not a huge deal for me and it holds a charge MUCH better than my old evo4g. Display is Amazing. UI is good, I actually like Blink feed.Sound is incredible with beats and boomsound. Camera is good, unless you are Ansel Adams and want to blow up shots to large sizes. Low light is amazing on camera. Video is very good. Plays games like a console with quad-core cpu/gpu. What else...oh yeah J have even used this for phone calls! Works great!

I just upgraded from my HTC Evo 3D. It had far better data mobile (network)connection then this one! Slow, Slow and Slow. Constantly searching for a wireless connection. And if I turn off the wireless and just go with Mobile, back to SLOW! or none at all!!! What happened to 4G??? I had great 4G when I needed it on my EVO, now I don't even see it as an option. I don't know what Sprint or HTC has done, but this is NOT an improvement!!BTW, all of the other features are great!!!

Better than the Galaxy S. I will recomend this phone. great aps and easy to use. Audio is great. Beats

Allright, so, first for the phone, which is why you're probably reading this review.It's going to replace by Iphone 5 (which I will give to my relative instead).  Yep, it's that good.  Although you can always argue Iphone's aren't that great to begin with.Anyway, if you can taken on an industry leader and success, then you've done well.First of all, the screen display is impeccable.  It's large, bright, and much better at adjusting to different light conditions than the Iphone, MUCH MUCH MUCH better.  I can't tell you how good that it is.Second, speed.  This thing isn't noticeably faster than the Iphone, to be honest.  But when technology gets so good on either front, it's hard to visually tell if something really works better/faster on one platform or another.  One thing I can say is that is fast, period, and I'm perfectly happy with what I have.Third, ease of use/navigation.  The menus on this phone are far more intuitive for me than the Iphone.  Apple's stuff isn't bad, don't get me wrong, it's just that here things don't seem to be hidden as much in the deeper recesses of the phone or maybe it's just there are fewer options to play around with to begin with.So, the phone, is great.  Seriously.However, I'm going to stop gushing about the phone.  The network is God-awful.  It is terrible in its coverage of areas compared to Verizon and ATT and constantly drops calls to the point of extreme annoyance.  Get this phone, but get it on another network.

This was such a surprise. It is in perfect condition, works perfectly, and just overall great waiting time. I felt like I didn't wait at all; before I knew it, it was already delivered to my home. Very satisfied!

Hands down a great phone.. This was a great choice for a phone. Its super easy to use, fits in my hand perfectly - not too large or small, and its fun too! It feels sturdy too and i really like the front facing speakers on it.It is a bit heavier than other similar size phones but thats cuz of the metal frame it has. Does this actually offer benefits? im not sure.. id like it to be lighter for sure.. it does have an iphone kinda look to it and i hate iphones and apple.. butttt the strong points of the phone overwhelm that. I do like the phone isnt super reflective either.. i thought all screens had to reflect sun glare but this isnt nearly as bad as others.Internet, call signal, clarity, etc are all solid so far and just have to wait and see as time will tell!Ill reply again in a few months with a follow up review.

Powerful performance, beautiful hardware, and the software experience make this the best phone out there. The Ultrapixel camera isn't some marketing gimmick; the HTC One takes really nice pictures (just don't expect to zoom in). After a few weeks with beats audio and Boomsound, I can't imagine buying a phone without them. Zoes are cool, but I don't find myself using them much. Blinkfeed isn't a full rss reader, and doesn't support G+, so I find it lacking. The phone is very easy to root. Decent battery, gets through the day (but not always the night). Pretty durable.Sense 5 still isn't as pretty as stock android, but it's leaps and bounds ahead of Sense 4 or even the latest touchwiz.

I went from EVO 4G to this phone and while I liked the Evo the battery life was terrible and I was constantly having to uninstall apps to free up space. The One hasn't let me down yet with use all day and 32GB of storage. The sound is also great with the front facing speakers which I use alot while working in the yard. Love the Google feature which is similar to IPhone Siri when you just say Google then ask a question. It then gives you info cards based on your usage and location and links to your PC if you let it so you can get info across all your platforms. It can also be used as a universal remote for all your home TV and video components. My kids both got the IPhone and are jealous at what my phone can do. Picture quality is also stunning, have had numerous people comment. HTC really got it right with this phone I would highly recommend.

The One is a great device. I just returned from Maui and it ran like a champ. The battery lasts all day long, even with heavy use, my battery never ran lower than 20%. That is to check out FB, Reddit and taking pics and videos, editing and then them and listening to music by the pool all day long.As for features, if you love taking pics, this phone does a great job with the built in camera. I took some spectacular shots and videos at the Seven Sacred Pools and Waimoku Falls, as well as plenty of sunset pics. This camera performed like a champ!The One has two major flaws. First is a lack of Flash support on the device. I know Flash is out and HTML5 is in, but some sites I visit still use Flash content. Otherwise, this phone would be perfect. Second, is that my car (Chevy Volt) doesn't recognize the device so I can transfer songs from my phone to my Volt's hard drive.

This is the Best phone I've ever had. Was kinda skeptical about buying an android phone but it was awesome.

The phone was great as far as construction, design and ease of use, but I was porting a number from a prepaid to Sprint and the process was a mess. The phone 3 times continued to revert back to the assigned number even after port and I continued having to drive to Sprint to have it fixed. Not sure why, but the experiences just started to sour me and after a week with the phone I decided to return it and start fresh, so this phone has been sent back, but I want to make clear the HTC ONE itself is a great phone, my son has one through AT&T and loves it. I just decided to go with something else to wipe away all the issues I had this week. I will receiving the LG G2 tomorrow!!

The HTC One (M7) is a blazingly fast, well-built device that can function for the techno-novice and hardcore geek alike. Beginning with a recent version of the Android OS 4.1.2. Jelly Bean (no not the bleeding edge latest version, HTC needs to make sure its software is stable before rolling out). The great OS is backed up by fantastic hardware which HTC has been known for in the past: Quad core processors, independent GPU (for high end and demanding graphics processes), LTE cellular speeds, and a dual band, Wi-Fi a, b, g, n, and a/c antenna make for blazing Wi-Fi performance.The real highlight is the build of the device, specifically the aluminum unibody design. The casing has heft, just like with other electronics or products, you can tell something is quality just by how it feels, such is the case with this phone. The screen completes the package by being made of Corning's Gorilla Glass v3, I have always preferred the feel and performance of glass screens versus polycarbonate (read-plastic) screens featured on other devices like the Galaxy series. The case and screen design are not only beautiful in either silver or black, but also function greatly to help make the phone more durable. The case is adept as well for allowing heat to be vented quickly (aluminum is inherently better at cooling that plastic).The phone performance is flawless, I have never had processor slowdown in general apps, and even super high end apps (Need for Speed, N.O.V.A.) perform flawlessly when used under optimal conditions (Wi-Fi, all apps off, all other radios besides wifi off). The system does not crash unlike my previous devices. The only other slowdowns I ever see are caused by Sprint's sometimes flaky network, not the device itself.The "Ultrapixel" camera is great, and takes general pictures as well (if not better) as any other high end smartphone, and when displayed on its own screen, the pics look fantastic. The camera is better than its peers when taking photos in low light and indoor situations, which is where ever camera phone fails. There are many settings and features that lend various fun and enhancements to photo and video taking, of which I recommend playing with before you are in a situation where you need a shot on short notice. The pictures are great unless you blow them up to letter size full-screen, but seriously, if you are doing that, you need something besides just a smartphone camera.The HTC Sense home screen is good, and gives a ton of customization options, I never felt restrained by the interface, and any novice Android user can customize the screen to their own tastes and needs. With the HTC Blink page the user has the opportunity to have social media, news, and personal agenda (calendar and appointment) feeds appear as "live" cards (think Windows 7/8 cards) which can then be swiped up/down to read through the feeds and info. I played with this for a few days, which I found pleasant enough, but I have two observations: 1- Setup of Blink feed might be too confusing to those who are not intuitively inclined to their phones. 2- HTC got an option right for social media junkies and made it look good.I personally found Blink feed not to my preferences, and only kept my calendar live on it. Although you cannot "turn off" Blink, you can make another screen your "home" and reduce all feeds to nil so that Blink is not refreshing and accessing your data, saving on battery and data usage.Another note about Sense, the operation of the app tray and home screen customization is VERY different than on other phones. If you set out to tweak your home screens and settings be patient, don't be afraid to play around and fix things occasionally, or find a phone junkie to walk you through it.My two nitpicks:1. There is no "keep alive" option for the screen. On past devices, when I have the power cable or USB cable plugged in, there were settings that allowed the screen to stay on but be dimmed, so I could very quickly access the screen without having to wake up the device and unlock it (this is a huge feature for developers). This can be resolved with a third party app, but just isn't the same.2. The device can get very hot when ran really hard (high end gaming), but as I noted above, the aluminum housing dissipates it quickly, the manufacturer says this is normal, and only when it the heat continues should users be concerned. I have noticed this is reduced when connected to Wi-Fi and a power cable.The battery life is excellent, and under normal use (mostly text, several social network checks a day, and some podcast/audiobook listening, a few phone calls) I have more than %30 left by the time prime time TV starts.Another bonus is that the HTC One is cheaper than its primary competitor(s), Samsung's Galaxy S4. You can get the One for approximately $199.99 (yes I know there are other deals where it's cheaper) where the S4 is $249.99 this automatically makes the One a better value. The HTC Droid DNA runs $300.00 even with the slightly larger screen, is it really work another $100?Sure there are some niche features the S4 has that the One doesn't, but does that really make a difference?I highly recommend this device, and I will buy another for my wife, and hope HTC can continue with success using the One as a jumping point.

LOVE IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I PHONE WHO...............................?BATTERY 4 STARSMEMORY 5HTC SENSE 5 STARSDESIGN 5 STARSLOOK 5 STARSFUNCTION 5 STARSBEATS AUDIO OFF THE CHARTS AS WELL AS THE FRONT FACING STEREO SPEAKERSDOWNLOAD ASPHALT 8 AND YOU WILL SEE WHAT THIS PHONE IS CAPABLE OF

I am coming to this phone from using a Samsung Galaxy Nexus S 4g.I was torn between this phone and the GS4.It came down to two key features- Phone design and Media Capabilities.Phone design-  could not be better it has an extremely premium feel to it, one that rivals if not exceeds the feel of the Iphone.  It doesn't feel as if it will drop out of your hand like the Iphone and has less weight to it.  I am a man and have very large hands.  It does feel large, but manageable, especially after I wrapped it in the Otterbox-Defender.  If you are a dude, or a girl that doesn't mind a phone with a belt clip that is a must.  It is much better than carrying it in your pocket.  For women I would at least recommend a Commuter.Media-  Excellent, excellent stereo speakers.  The BEST you will hear on any phone on the market today.  Speakers with their own dedicated tiny amp.  They put out amazing sound volume and quality.  Even with the included headphones beats audio is amazing.The Camera- is very good.  I was at a Mumford and Sons concert last week and did a little recording.  It doesn't compare to an actual video camera for visual quality, but the sound recording did pretty amazing with the noise cancelling feature.  The Zoe is pretty cool to use too, I haven't tried it much.  On regular mode though, the time it takes to focus-picture snapping is very fast.  You could almost take action shots with just your own fingers, that is how fast it is  when you press the shutter button.  As far it compares to the GS4- My wife got the 4 right when i got the One.  I can't tell it being that much different at least when I view pics on the phones themselves.  That being said, my wife likes to take pictures and then blow them up for framing.  I am not sure how that would work with Ultrapixel.  If that is your route and you do a lot of it, you may want to consider a GS4- if you can handle all the bloatware.Memory and Special features-  The memory, though being locked into 25+- Gigs after bloat and system ware for me is alright.  The nice feature is that Dropbox gives you another 20+ gigs of cloud storage just for having the One.  Good thing to have if you like to take pictures you can drop them in the cloud and access them from your computer without having to worry about emailing or hooking up cables.Value-- I refused to pay full price for this, and continued to watch for good deals.  Amazon lowered the price to $99 and I bought it from there.  At the time of this writing I do not know if they still have it for that same price.  The phone is well worth the 200, but I would search and try to find the best deal.

Great phone that can do everything you want it to. Only downfall is the touch wiz interface that HTC puts on the phone. Just put a new launcher on it and she was very happy.

I have and a lot of different things that I went back to my roots when I bought this my first smartphone was an HTC. I guess one could say I went back to my roots. This phone is off the chain awesome. The 32 Gigabyte of storage on the phone is amazing, speed incredible, graphics out of this worl, and last but not least the beach sounds I cannot tell you how awesome the sound on this phone is my suggestion, hurry up and buy one, While the getting is good

Very cool phone, but has it's setbacks. I live in south florida, and phone goes to 3g instead of 4g a lot. Sprint say's it has to do with the type of 4g service the phone has. Sometimes downloads take too long, and sometimes they are not downloaded, unless I drive to the corporate store, park in the lot, and then do downloads (this is very inconvenient). I do love the stereo sound I get on music without earphones, and the look and feel of this phone. If sprint ever repairs all their towers, and have 4lte available in my area, I'll be happier that I own this phone.

If you are still on the fence as to whether or not to choose the HTC One over the Samsung Galaxy S4 then I'm just going to give you MHO. The One is FAST and I mean like out of the box there are no lags, no bugs, no stuttering just speed. I bought it on the launch date and there are moments its faster than me, which is great. HTC isn't just trying to sell you with terms like "BoomSound" they mean it. The speakers on this phone are LOUD!And really loud is the wrong term. They really do have a great balance of treble bass percussion and melody. It's a rich sound coming from the speakers and it's great for conference calls as well. I love the Ultrapixels on this phone. Also the Zoe Highlights is something a lot of people will use. It's a great snapshot of a day out with your friends, a birthday party, or a night of dancing! The battery is great I easily make it through 15-18hrs before I need to charge. This is a great phone and it's so fast and smooth and it's sexy as hell. Take a serious look at this phone because it's worth it.UPDATE: It'll soon be six months that I've owned this phone and I'm still in love with it. It has not slowed down, there is no lag or stuttering. I have not had to reset it or anything. I think it sucks that some ppl had with issues but I have not. It continues to impress me with the speaker quality, the battery life (which varies on very heavy usage I get 8hrs but normal days which include music playing while I travel to work, facebook, BlinkFeed, maybe one or two YouTube vids, and mostly texting throughout the day and candy crush when I get home, I get btwn 15-21hrs before the phone is begging me to charge it), how easy it is to view in sunlight, the camera capabilities are great. Went out for my niece's 21 bday and the restaurant was a very low light situation but the pics I took impressed everyone including my nephew and sister who had s4 that did not get that great of pics :-). Don't be on the fence about this phone it really is the best phone of 2013 and I don't see it having any problems over the next 18months b4 my nxt upgrade.

I got the HTC One on Friday, today is Tuesday and I love it more as each day passes! I consider myself to be very tech savy and this phone has everything I wanted and more! I espeically love the Beats Audio and the feed updates are really awesome too. Videos are crisp, clear and beautiful, the speakers on the phone are amazing and photos are gorgeous. This is really a great phone. My mom works for Sprint so that was an added bonus, since I got my phone for cheeeaaaaaapppp~! I switched to Sprint from T-Mobile because I wanted this phone so much and I'm certainly glad I did. ^__^

UPDATE April 22nd, 2014: I sent my phone in for warranty repair, and HTC fixed everything. The gaps, the leveling of the glass, the power button, the glue pouring out of the corners, the scratches on the back (I don't know how) and even the purple tint! The camera is now thoroughly amazing in low light conditions. It still lacks detail, but that's a compromise I'm willing to make. So this phone is a 5 star now. I guess enduring a year of defects was worth it? Other than that, the headphones that came with this conked out. The left earphone won't put out any sound. I'm not complaining. They cost 10 bucks new on eBay. Also, I've noticed something. "Android System" uses up 80 - 90% of my battery, according to my phone. Now I don't know what applications that includes, and I'm still getting decent battery life, with location turned completely off when I'm not using it. However, that makes me wonder. If I were to root, and install a custom kernel, how much better would the battery life get?INITIAL REVIEW:So I bought this a few months ago mostly because of all the rave reviews it was getting, and to be honest, I'm easily swayed by metal where plastic is ordinarily used. Even for pencils.First things first; specwise, this phone is a killer. Sure its artificial benchmarks are worse than those of the iPhone 5, sure it doesn't have a huge MP count or screen size. What it does have is an amazing pixel density, a more than sufficient processor for gaming, and well, supposedly, a better low light sensor. What I'm trying to say is it doesn't beat some other phone(s?) on paper, but really, it is a beast IRL.So we begin with quite possibly the most touted compromise of all time: the UltraPixel camera. I was originally shocked to see the archaic number of 4MP on spec sheets, and assumed it was a typo until I read more about it. OK, great, bigger pixels mean more light per pixel, sure. Less noise and better low light performance instead of blow-up-able pictures? I'll take that. Unfortunately, as almost countless others are, I am a victim of the "purple tint" issue. That means that any attempt to take pictures in less than perfect lighting results in nothing but purple or pink noise. Absolutely nothing is visible, and even in somewhat decent lighting, the picture is consumed by the purple stuff. Even in decent lighting, the One tends to ruin colors. Nearly everything in not ideal light will come out reddish. I hate to say, but my S2 has better color reproduction. Also, the noiselessness thing is a scam. There is plenty of noise in the pictures. Don't be fooled. I can't even look at pictures on a 20" screen without noticing the loss of sharpness. Sometimes, the camera also refuses to focus, even in moderately lit pictures. In low light, there is nothing to see, so why bother trying to focus? All the camera sees is noise! Undoubtedly there will be some people who will say I am using the camera wrong, and some will say I should return it to HTC. I shouldn't have to mess around with the settings of a cell phone camera, which should be ready at moments notice. Even if changing the settings could help my situation, the setting menu is so cumbersome, I'll miss the shot before I'm ready for it.Of course, the One does have a great rate of fire, and most pictures are good enough for viewing on the phone itself. The slow mo video and Zoe are actually nice, though Zoe was impractical until the last update.The second advertised feature: BoomSound. No complaints here! It's loud as heck; in fact, you may find it TOO loud in certain situations. FWP's, right? Thankfully it comes with headphones, and I have to say for a basshead like me (OK, not really), they're actually pretty satisfying. They fit but don't sound better than Apple's freebees, which I have. However, many find the bass overpowering. Beats Audio is nice. It adds more soul to the sound. Without it, things sound tinny. Even voices. But that's just my opinion; sound is very subjective.The third advertised feature: Build quality and design. I'm sure when HTC said "build quality", they meant "expensive materials". Currently, my phone has about a 1.5 mm gap between the plastic band and the speaker cover. HTC advertises its "zero gap design", and some defend HTC by saying the zero gap only applies to the back! Well then, if that's not false advertising, I don't know what is! My power button is recessed about a millimeter into the plastic band as well. My power cord squirms in place. I needn't mention the problems with the camera again. What it comes down to is this: unless you are super lucky, you're going to get a defective phone. HTC pays absolutely ZERO attention to quality, and this phone is evidence. I actually paid HTC to make a $200 out of pocket repair (totally my fault), and they scratched up the back of my device. The gap was increased, and the power button issue actually came from there. I know that HTC outsources its repairs, but this is ridiculous.Performance: It can handle games like Asphalt 8 pretty well, but I noticed that HTC's throttling points are a bit too aggressive. I guess that's a good thing, but it means I can only play 10 minutes of Real Racing 3 before I notice a significant performance drop. Other than that, the Snapdragon 600 is great! Nothing more to say, it's just awesome.The screen: It has around a 470 ppi, fitting a 1080p screen into 4.7 inches. With pixels that small, a higher defect rate is expected. What isn't expected is HTC letting those defective displays through hoping the customer don't notice. There are horror stories floating around about people who exchanged 5 or 6 phones before simply having to give up. I was lucky on this front; I have a perfect display. It doesn't have a yellow tint(another defect) or any dead or stuck pixels. It DOES however, wash out in sunlight. Oddly, if I dim the screen a little bit, the colors come back. Except for that tiny issue, I love this screen. The colors are great, the resolution is mind blowing, and it's more than bright enough outdoors.Battery Life: You can expect around 2 day battery life with minimal use or a 14 hour day with ~3 hours of use. /**unless you root*/ Overall, while I'm not blown away by the battery life of the device, it's more than reasonable. You really can't complain too much since smartphones are only about 6 years old.Misc: This phone doesn't support Wimax. I made the switch to Sprint with this phone and kick myself every day for it. I feel lucky to get 100 Kbps. LTE is still being deployed. So unless you live in a huge city like San Francisco (where you can expect a max of around 6 Mbps), you won't get a proper data connection. But I won't detract anything for that; that's nothing to do with the phone... or does it? A lot of people say that their plastic phones pick up better signal. I can't test that because I have 3 Ones.Summary: In a perfect world, my One would have a stunning camera, with excellent low light performance, and would have zero gap construction and would have a proper power button and whatnot. I would also be able to use the internet outside of my home. Unfortunately, none of these are true, and chances are, will not be for you either. This would have been a six star review if the above were true, though. 2 stars off because of false advertising, terrible attention to quality, and even worse service, all for top of the line prices.I wouldn't recommend buying this phone, not only because the Quality control is bad, but because the One is outdated. Do yourself a favor and wait for the next generation of phone, like the One Max and the Nexus 5 and G2 and whatever. Hopefully HTC will have gotten their... stuff together by then. This isn't the first time I tried out and HTC device and was disappointed. The One S had issues as well, but not nearly as severe. But this time, I wasn't wary enough to return my phone within 14 days.

I love my new HTC One.  Best decision I've ever made. And the price makes it even better! Thank you.

I've had this phone for a while and its an amazing android phone.  I previously had the HTC Evo so this was a huge upgrade.

This is a great phone with many features well worth 5 stars, however after spending a month with off and on contact with customer service I am very dissatisfied. The day after i got my phone there was a tiny tiny hairline crack, I didn't worry about it because it could only be seen if you looked for it. Well a couple months later the mic stops working and only works on speaker(a common issue with these phones after a quick google search) I emailed back and forth for a week with slow responses for troubleshooting. With no prevail, after a week I called them they said its covered under warranty and would be fixed at no charge. I sent them my phone, then about a week and a half later i get an email saying they cant fix the mic because the hairline crack in the screen a completely unrelated issue (180 for the repair), i reply via the contact link in the email, 3 days later no reply so i do it again, 2 days pass with no reply so i call them again. They say they cant fix just the mic related issue i say why not and they say just because(rudely and unprofessional), i talk to a manager again same thing just saying they cant fix just one issue i ask why and he says because. Very upset i asked for the phone to be sent back, they give me my tracking number, later that night i go on fedex and see it will be here on a thurs(day before my trip) i didnt look at it again, until thurs rolls around and i dont have my phone, i look online and its still at the repair facility. I call HTC again, everything is normal was said about 5 times from the agent. I said can you check, he finally goes to check and apparently, they didnt even move it to the shipping center, they just left it sitting on a shelf for a week. Overall horrible service, they cant fix their own phone related problems under warranty, they are very unorganized and unprofessional. Lucky amazon is awesome and refunded me my money which i will use to buy a phone that i can actually use as a phone!

It's an HTC ONE, really do I need to explain anything...this phone is sexy and the interface is nice and sleek!

If you are reading this, chances are that you have heard about the galaxy s4 and that it is a very real possibility for your next phone. I will go in depth into the features of this phone and I will compare it to the S4.Design: this is the reason why I chose this phone. The industrial design is second to none. It is beautiful, smooth and cool to the touch. The "chamfered" edges and curved back allow you to have a good grip on the phone while also allowing it to nestle into your palm. The phone has an aluminum unibody, but requires plastic so that the radios can get reception. To mold this plastic into the unibody, HTC uses a gapless manufacturing process that molds it perfectly into the aluminum. Let me say this: the time that was spent designing this phone and the manufacturing detail that went into crafting it is absolutely marvelous and shows when you hold and use the phone. The lines are clean and the phone has a premium feel in your hand. The only little issue I have with the design is that the home button placement and power button are kind of awkward to hit in normal use. You have to move your hand up and down the phone in order to reach them, but you do get used to this quickly. A small thing about the design: Sprint did not place any carrier branding on this phone making it look much more clean. Bravo Sprint! The Galaxy S4 uses a polycarbonate body. I personally don't have anything against plastic. However, the S4 has a smooth finish that makes the phone feel greasy when you hold it from the oils that accumulate on the surface. My last phone was a Galaxy S2 (with textured plastic so the oils didn't accumulate) and I loved it because I never worried about damaging it. I can't say the same for the One. I always fear that if I drop it, the phone will dent or scratch which will be very noticeable. However, my love for the gorgeous aluminum body and precise manufacturing far outweighs the fears that linger in the back of my mind of damage.10/10Display: the HTC one features an LCD 3 1080p display. What does that mean? It has as many pixels as your HDTV crammed into a 4.7-inch screen. The colors on this phone are accurate and pleasant to look at. Coming from an AMOLED screen (what is on the s4) to an LCD was a very big change. An AMOLED screen has much more vibrant and saturated colors, whereas the LCD has more true-to-life colors. Honestly to me, I really like the accuracy in colors and sharpness that the One provides. The S4 will provide the same sharpness, just with more vibrant colors. Truth is, more people like the AMOLED than the LCD, but it is all person preference. Here is what I can say: like the design, I believe that this screen is incredible and second to none. The color reproduction and sharpness just cannot be matched by other display technologies.10/10Camera: Here is where I begin to get mixed feelings about the phone. People argue "it's not 4 megapixels, it's 4 ULTRApixels.." Here is the truth: yes it is ultra pixels, but ultra is just a marketing term used to make people not look down on the fact that it is 4 megapixels and a megapixel is a megapixel. The fact is that the megapixel is the only metric that a consumer has ever been taught to gauge a camera by and more megapixels does not mean better images. In fact, a 4 megapixel camera takes a 2240 x 1680 picture. That is a good deal larger than a 1080p display. So what is the advantage of an ultrapixel over a megapixel? The answer is light. I won't bore you with the science of it all, but basically each pixel allows 300% more photons to be absorbed by the sensor, which leads to crisper images. Every pixel on the HTC one gets a more accurate snapshot of what it is photographing. Another advantage of the ultrapixel is since it lets in more light, it takes incredible lowlight shots. Where other cameras see darkness, the One can get a clear image. If you want to just use your phone to capture images for Facebook, instagram, snapchat, or even to show on a 1080p screen, the HTC will perform better than almost any phone on the market. However, if you want to edit your photos in something like photoshop or zoom in really far on them, this isn't the best camera. So the advantages of the One's camera: excellent image quality for the pixels that it has, phenomenal low light performance, rapid snapshots and fast storage. The disadvantages: it is only 4 megapixels.  I have really mixed feelings about it. It is certainly a great camera, but I really wish that it could capture higher resolution. I cannot ignore, however, the amazing technological feat that is the ultrapixel and I applaud HTC for taking the phone in this unique direction. This camera at 8 megapixels would be the best smartphone camera to ever exist, but as it stands now, it is only good.7/10Reception, radios, and call quality: I have to be fair, my last phone, the S2, held onto a signal like no other phone. Maybe it is just the stark contrast of going from a phone that did such an excellent job to an average phone, but I have to say I am really underwhelmed by reception. I still can get reception almost anywhere, and this truly is not a large problem. This phone has a plethora of radios within: NFC, Bluetooth 4.0, wifi a/c (newest standard that I am impressed was included; makes this phone future proof for wifi), an IR blaster to control your TV, GSM (yes, GSM!) radios for global roaming, standard sprint CDMA radios, and 1900mhz LTE radios. I am really let down that sprint and HTC only have 1900mhz radios inside of this phone for LTE, and let me explain why. As Sprint builds out their 4G LTE network, they will be deploying in two frequencies: 1900 and 800. 1900 has its own set of advantages, but one disadvantage is that it doesn't have the best building penetration, 800 on the other hand does. By not including a networking technology that they will be deploying next year, HTC one buyers will have to "enjoy" a poorer network experience inside of buildings in comparison to those with 800mhz radios in their phones. This isn't a deal breaker, and 95% of the people with this phone wont even know the difference. Call quality is superb. What makes it so great is the noise cancelation that this phone has. I was in a crowded concrete stairwell and was practically shouting into my phone to overcome the perceived noise around me. The person on the other end asked why I was doing that. The noise cancellation was so good that they could hear me, even when I was talking in a normal voice. Props for that HTC. So for this lengthy section here is the rundown: lots of good radios, many future proof, but no 800mhz LTE, reception is acceptable but not exceptional, and call quality is superb.8/10Performance: This phone is seriously overpowered. It has a 1.7ghz quad core processor, that is more processing power than most computers have. Couple that with 2 gb of ram and you have a powerhouse. Combined with the very well optimized software, there is no hint of lag anywhere.10/10Software: HTC sense. Well it is sense. Some like it, some don't. I will probably root my phone and put on a stock rom. For those who don't though, this software is very clean and modern looking and also very optimized for the hardware so the system shows no lag. One thing is for sure: it is much better than touch wiz (samsung's software). My one minor quibble: the one is not running the most recent version of android, but that truly isn't a big deal as it has almost all of the same software features as 4.2.9/10Battery life: This phone has been regularly lasting me all day and I will plug it in when I get home at night or go to bed. I haven't really had any trouble with it, although others complain that they do.9/10Marketed specs: what's a gimmick and what is useful?Ultrapixels: Useful. They capture incredibly crisp photos even though the megapixel count is low.Zoe: Gimmick. I have yet to find a good use for this. If I want a bunch of high-resolution photos, I would just do the rapid capture and choose my best shot.Blinkfeed: A useful gimmick. There are times when I go to blink feed to quickly get a look at news, but should it be your default home screen? No.Boom Sound: USEFUL. This is one of my favorite features of the phone. Let me start by saying, I HATE beats. Beats in and of itself is the larges gimmick of all, it is just a customized audio filter. However, on the One HTC optimized the speakers and beats to work very well together. The result: The BEST phone speakers that you have ever heard. Is this a viable substitute for a good pair of headphones? Of course not. Will this sound FAR better, louder, and more dynamic that any other phone on the market? Hell yes.IR Blaster: Useful. You can use this as a remote with your TV. I have mine set up and it is really useful when I cannot find the remote or when I am using my phone while watching TV.Sense voice: Useful. The noise cancelation is really useful when on the phone.Summary: The HTC one has quite a few competitors: the Nexus 4, iPhone 5, and Galaxy S4. For people looking into an android phone today it will probably come down to the S4 vs the One. Here are MY PERSONAL thoughts on it. The HTC One delivers many useful features with only a few gimmicks. Samsung on the other hand also has many useful features, but they also have many others that are gimmicks. Many of them make for a good sales pitch in a store but are impractical in day-to-day usage. The one area where the Galaxy S4 does win however, is on specs. It has a marginally better processor, slightly more modern ram, some additional sensors, and a larger battery. However, and this is my personal opinion, where the phone does not excel is in design. And this is why I chose the HTC one. Both have more than adequate power to get you through a two-year contract, but the One has the look and premium feel that you will enjoy for that contract. Will you like a Galaxy S4 if you get it? You probably will, but when compared to the superb design of this phone, I just think that it falls short. My honest advice? If you know what the difference between DDR3 Ram and DDR2 Ram, go ahead and get the Galaxy S4. If you have no idea what that it and enjoy a beautiful, clean device that is packed with features but not gimmicky, spring for the HTC One. I'm sure glad that I did.Averaged score: 9/10 (rounds up to 5 stars)Update 7/27/13: After 3 months of ownership, I have found my major quibbles with this phone. The one thing that I REALLY dislike about this phone is how loud the vibration is. Vibration is supposed to be a subtle thing, not something that is as loud as your ringtone (slightly exaggerated, but not by much). My other quibble is that the chamfered edge of this phone is incredibly prone to scratching. I have my phone in hand a lot, so often I will accidentally hit it on something. Those hits have translated into scratches. They aren't major scratches, but I am obsessive about the appearance of my device, so it really bothers me. Just figured I would let you guys know. I still feel the same about everything else about this phone and would highly recommend it!

This is a great device and I got it at a great price. The only thing that would make me happier is if Sprint could support the GPe version of this device.

The  phone is the best android phone get , it looks amazing and feels great. Way better then the iPhone by a mile

Out of x number of phones there is bound to be one with a problem. Unfortunately, I got that one in a batch. I found the phone to be of excellent quality and have friends who have it and love it. Our issue was with the microphone on the phone which had static and produced an echo. We have Sprint, and their technical staff was not able to fix the problem. But beyond that glitch, the phone is better looking than the Samsung Galaxy S4 and technically pretty much equivalent. The speakers are nice and loud with clarity. I had no dropped calls and reception on my side was impeccable. The installed apps were well designed right out of the box, and personalization of the phone was very easy.I chose this phone for its design and technical specifications. Yes, I would recommend this phone for two reasons. First, it is a quality product; and second, Amazon customer service was very easy to contact and resolve the problem.

After coming from the S2 im just surprised at how solid a phone could feel yet still be light. Its also amazingly fast and has incredible battery life

Like everything on this phone. Just wish had a better reception. Used this phone for over a year and without a single problem

Ah HTC - in the early 2000's, all the really good phones came from HTC. Phones with slider keyboards, WiFi AND Bluetooth (yes, that was special once), music players, SD card slots - you name it, HTC made it popular.Then the iPhone happened, and HTC slowly became irrelevant - even though HTC brought us the first Android phone in the world with the G1/Magic.So - is HTC back with a vengeance, and can the HTC One compete with the two other flagship phones out there - the iPhone 5 and the Samsung Galaxy S4?For clarification - my review is based off the AT&T; version of the S4, but the One was tested on Sprint in an LTE coverage area, as was the iPhone 5.Lets start with what you see first - the box:Packaging - HTC wins here based off the look and feel. Nicely boxed up, nothing overly promoted, and a nice flat box with AC adapter AND decent headphones. Both the iPhone and S4 come with the same accessories.Phone design - WOW. Take the iPhone, which is considered one of the best designed phones ever, and turn it up to 11 - that gets you the HTC One. Stunning design. No loose panels, no squeak, just a gorgeous slab of aluminum. Speakers on top and bottom. If anything, the only downer is the Beats branding on the back. The S4, well it is just another Galaxy. Cheap plastic, but still somehow manages to feel like a premium phone.Screen - Again, this shows where the iPhone is outdated. Retina may have been the buzzword last year, but the screen on the One is just impeccable. So crisp and bright. Blacks are a tad washed out, but that is because it doesn't use the same SAMOLED screen as in the S4. Personally, I prefer the AMOLED screen in the S4, but on the One, you will not be disappointed.Software included - Apple keeps things to a minimum, and nobody will ever blame an iPhone for being full of bloatware. The S4 is crammed full of it. I checked, and the Sprint S4 is no different - almost 10GB of junk. Some of the added apps are nice, but most are unwelcome.On the One it is the same - there is a LOT Of stuff here that was added to try and differentiate from other brands. You won't like this phone if you crave "stock" Android. Tweaks are EVERYWHERE - in every app. Some of the tweaks are welcome, many are not. Sadly, unless you plan to root this phone, you'll need to get used to the HTC tweaks.Speed - this phone blazes. Things render and open faster than the (now) old iPhone, and they are on par with the S4. Compared to the old HTC One X, this thing just flies. Transfer speeds are also great - when you are on LTE. Without LTE, the One switched back to EVDO Rev.A - which is on par with 3G on other networks. I did not find any major speed differences between the various Sprint LTE devices I have here, but that is a good thing because Sprint has rolled out a good and reliable LTE network.Camera - Make no mistake, HTC succeeded at "less is more". They moved down from the 8/10/13 Megapixel craze and gambled on a 4MP sensor with larger "ultra" pixels. It doesn't outshine the iPhone and S4 in all situations, especially in the dark, but on the whole, more pictures look better more often, with fewer ruined shots.Radio support: The Sprint version of the HTC One only supports the following frequencies: GSM/GPRS/EDGE (850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900), WCDMA (700 / AWS), CDMA (800 / 1900), LTE (1900). This is significantly less support than the iPhone 5, but on par with most operator versions of the Galaxy S4.Expansion - The HTC is "you get what you get" - no memory expansion options are available. The iPhone is the same, but comes in 64GB and 128GB. The S4 has a MicroSD card slot. You'll need to decide how much space you need when you purchase, 32GB only goes so far - especially since some of it is filled with system apps. The One does support HDMI video out using a new generation MHL cable, and also supports USB OTG for expansion.Final conclusion: IS HTC back? You bet! They have an amazing phone here. Judging by how quickly it is selling out at some retailers, this thing is putting HTC on par with Samsung again. That said, it is hard to conclude that one model is better than the other - all three phones I'm comparing have their own strong points. If you are tired of Apple, and don't want the fourth generation Samsung that generally looks the same at the other three, then the HTC One will make you very, very happy.

High quality resolution, sleek design, great battery life, HD camera on the best OS. What else can one ask for?

Where to start, I just got my 4th one and now it won't root(I can't live with sense it is the worst!) Blown the speakers twice and the camera went bad on one. I wish I could give it 0 stars they earned it.

Fast, looks good, wows people whenever I whip it out. Those speakers really do come in handy. I would recommend it to anyone looking for a new phone.

Phone is beautiful. Aluminum body gives a sturdy but very light and thin feel; and a minimal case (Incipio) still allows it in my carhartt pocket. It has enough screen and the clear colors on the screen pop. I do plan to add a protective layer on the glass, as after 3 months I got a tiny mark on the otherwise super tough gorilla glass.Sound is EXCEPTIONAL, I never imagined a phone could sound so loud, clear and even have base. Beats audio works magic.Battery can handle a full day (about 9 hours) of very heavy use, or a day and a half of regular use.Infrared allows control of TV etc with a partially developed app (ONEtrtaV2) and several other apps are under development.3G reception/range is ok, somewhat finnicky about switching to roaming but that may be a software issue with Sprint. 4G and Phone Reception is fine but not the best ... again maybe because it uses LTE in place of wimax - again Sprint is working on the network this year so not really the phones fault. Phone processor is really speedy with lots of things happening surprisingly fast.Camera is clear. Not as high resolution (4mp?) as my last HTC but has a lot of processing power to make photos fun (panorama stitching, zoe - multishot with sound). Front camera seems to distort the image slightly. Wish I could get rid of some sprint bloatware preloaded but it has plenty of memory for now (32GB). Still wish it had an SD card (mainly for file transfer). Sprint has also sealed off the sim card slot.I wish the HTC launcher UI was more tweekable (ability to choose own icons, adjust transparency and modify the quick load bar at the bottom) so that you could show off the phones beauty in all the screens you interact with all day without having to download a launcher. But a positive is that you can load things from the launch bar from the lock screen (make getting a pic (text, call, or online.. super speedy) Also seems to be missing a native flashlight function - I feel weird downloading an app for this).I also wish it had a menu button at the bottom but it only has home and back and the back button is a reach for my thumb. The power button and volume rocker are super low profile and difficult to push (made better or worse by different case coverings) but they work.Given all this, using the phone actually makes me happy everyday... and I have never been attached to technology like that.Pros - Great sound, StylishCons - Drops calls frequently on Sprint NetworkYes, I recommend this product.

So far I have had it for 3 weeks completed 2 factory resets, 2 soft resets all done through sprint now they have admitted is a lemon and are getting me a new ONE but unfortunately it will be a refurbished ONE hopefully I'm not disappointed.Seems as if bad antenna's and or programing.

The HTC One combines sleek aluminum good looks with high quality plastic trim, to make it one sharp looking smartphone. Turning it on, I was blown away by its crystal clear full HD images that were a joy to behold.Some great things about this phone:++ Sharp display, with no dead or stuck pixels.++ Finish is stellar - smooth edges everywhere.++ Awesome sound - the Beats audio really does its thing here++ All interactions are zippy and immediate, and all button/app clicks were recognized++ The notification LED is as bright as a lighthouse even from behind a speaker grille++ Universal cable/TV/receiver remote and electronic program guide were easy to setup and fun to use++ Cool new Jelly Bean/HTC Sense features - incl. Google Now and Blink Feed a great live news aggregator++ Decent call quality and battery life - it comfortably lasts me a normal daySome minor annoyances-- This phone runs hot - I can actually feel it through pocket fabric.-- Battery cannot be replaced and the SIM Card needs an act of Congress to eject.-- HTC Sense is not always the most intuitive interface. I constantly have to remind myself how to perform common actions such as customizing the launch bar or home screen (which only seems to be possible on the BlinkFeed tab.) Also, it is not possible to dismiss BlinkFeed which takes up an entire tab.Overall, this smartphone is a joy to use, and fishing it out to use is like making a fashion statement. Streaming video on this phone is spectacular and even makes my commute (almost) bearable. This really gives the more plasticky-looking S4 a run for its money.Really handy tips that I've discovered over time:1/ Double tap the Home key to switch between recently used apps2/ Tap notification bar to quickly scroll to the top3/ Hold Power + HOME key to take a screen capture4/ If Blink Feed becomes annoying, you can set any other page as the Home page5/ The Swype interface can be enabled on the keyboard for easier typing

This phone is a piece of garbage.Before you consider buying this phone, do some homework on &#34;Blinkfeed&#34;.Blinkfeed is HTC's most brazen smack to the face to consumers that has yet been offered on Android hardware.If you do not intend to ROOT your HTC One then buy a different phone. I really didn't want to root this phone, I really just wanted something simple and nice looking, instead it is a piece of turd that is owned by Sprint, HTC and Mark Zuckerburg and not by you.If you like constant pop-ups urging you to do things like check blinkfeed, sign into blinkfeed, add social media to blinkfeed, etc etc being forced on you constantly, like while you are playing games or watching movies or dialing someone, then you'll DEFINITELY enjoy this phone.Man....... I wish I had gone with the Samsung Galaxy.... Sense 5.0 is the most offensive , intrusive killjoy ever.... I have to believe HTC got some money from Facebook to make this stuff mandatory on your homescreens.....IF YOU DON'T UNDERSTAND THIS GOOGLE BLINKFEED AND DO SOME RESEARCH BEFORE YOU BUY THIS ATROCITY.

Received this phone in record time. Followed startup instructions to a tee. Tried to reset, per HTC site instructions since cell phone support at Amazon was clueless. Amazon replacing phone and DOA phone on its way back. I'll update when the second one arrives.

I love this phone, the IR blaster so I can control my TV. I'm not the biggest fan of BlinkFeed but Nova Launcher fixed that right up. It multitasks like a champ and is all around amazing. The best phone I've had way better than my iPhone 5.

For this review, I will be comparing against my old phone, an HTC EVO 4G LTE, which was HTC's flagship model for Sprint when purchased.Once out of the box, the One has some very distinctive differences from my older EVO.  Unlike the EVO, the One's design makes it appear that the screen runs nearly the full width of the chassis.  Missing is the kickstand on the back, which I admit I didn't use much to being with, and the back is also curved slightly.  This curve makes it feel better in my hand, more secure.  The One is more weighty than the EVO, noticeably so, but not so much as to make it cumbersome.  The metal chassis gives the One a more solid feel, and a feeling of higher quality compared to the plastics of the EVO.  Bummer on the lack of access to the battery or an SD card slot, as this means I can't upgrade them.  The screen on the One is very nice, not that I had any complaints on the EVO either.  A couple of changes that  really bugged me were that HTC moved the power button to the opposite corner of the chassis, and unlike just about every other HTC device I've had, the power connector is on the bottom of the chassis instead of the left side.  And it's again off center.  Relearning the power button location isn't going to be a big deal, but, the repositioning of the power connector does wipe out the possibility of reusing my car dock with the One.  A trick the One has up its sleeve that the EVO can't match is that it has an IR transmitter built into it. This means the One can be used a remote for my TV, cable box, etc.  The included apps allows for setting up multiple configurations, so it isn't stuck to one room in the house.  On the down side, it doesn't include support for media streaming devices like a Roku.The One's performance is excellent.  When I'd upgrade to the EVO from a Samsung Epic 4G, there was an obvious speed boost, even though the Epic was overclocked a good amount.  Going from the EVO to the One was again a big improvement, the quad core Qualcomm showing off what it could do over its older dual core brother.  Downloading and installing apps from Google Play was so quick that there was almost zero backlog.  The EVO on the other hand usually started having a queue after selecting 3 or 4 apps in a row.  The One's camera takes some great pics, and the software to control it is much better than the stock app on the EVO.  That being said, I'll still be skipping the stock app on the One too, opting instead for Ultimate Camera, Retro Camera, and a couple other favorites.  Battery life is on par with the EVO, lasting me 12-14 hours on a charge with typical usage.  Picking up GPS location feels quicker, though I didn't time it to be sure.  Wifi is one place where the EVO may win out.  The One appears to have a harder time picking up signal than the EVO, but to date it's been in a specific location and something I will need to look into more.Speaking of software, the One is up to the latest and greatest version of Android (4.2), while the EVO is down a rung (4.1).  HTC's Sense 4+ on the EVO is outdone by the Sense 5 of the One.  Like with the hardware design changes, HTC's been tinkering with Sense too, and it takes a little getting used to.  Some of the things many Android users will take for granted, such as how to add and remove items from the dock, are different in Sense 5.  Navigating around in the app drawer is also different in this version.  One of the big things in Sense 5 is the inclusion of Blinkfeed, essentially a giant widget on one of the home screens that runs through your social media, calendar, and other apps to give you an easy way to scroll through the latest of what's going on.  After using it for a while, I've found it to be more annoying that useful.  You can't get rid of it, it doesn't always remember what you've set it to (e.g. show me my Facebook feed only), and it isn't nearly as customizable as it should be.  If you are hooked on Blinkfeed, but want a different launcher, like Apex, Nova, or NextLauncher, you're out of luck.  It doesn't show up as a widget or anything else that is usable.All said and done, I love the One, and am glad to swap my EVO for it.  Sure, I'll have to reinvest in a few accessories, but I'm sold on the performance boost and other features that make this HTC's newest flagship phone.

I night this phone for my daughter for Christmas. She loves this phone. I wish it had a slot for a sd card.  Oh, the rest camera went bad after a month but we sent it in to htc.

Bought it for my son and he absolutely likes it. He is very pleased and happy with his HTC One and I would recommend it to anyone looking for a new phone.Pro: Fast, reliable and perfectCon: Just wish they had added a slot for external memory. 32gb is a lot, but the extra memory would have of been a perfect touch.

Read all the reviews elsewhere. No explanation required on the greatness of the phone. I think there is one bug that is common with all htc phones

After using an iPhone, I became subconsciously accustomed to the simplicity and attention to detail present in Apple products. While the HTC One is an incredible piece of hardware, the software drags an otherwise remarkable phone into the mediocre category.- Way too many set-up steps (sign-in/sign-up for Google account, register an HTC account, etc.)- Too big. I know phones are growing larger and larger every second, but I tend to like phones that are capable of being used with only one hand. Unless you have &#34;The Undertaker's&#34; hands, you'll constantly find yourself frustrated in your attempt to tap something on the opposite side of the phones screen.- Camera is good in low-light, but the low pixel density renders blurry pictures not unlike the camera of the Palm Pre- Inability to deactivate &#34;Blinkfeed&#34; is annoying.- Android software simply isn't as beautiful as iOS- Camera app is finicky. Weird focusing process.Overall, this is a gorgeous phone. And for Android users, you'd be right at home. But for those switching from iOS, you will be met with tons of frustration induced by the lack of simplicity present in the software.

I was cool with the feature but upset I couldn't use my sd card to transfer my info. Thank god I had WiFi at home..I would still take it over the iPhone any day.

HTC One is rugged, great layout, easy to understand and does everything I need it to do and more.  Best thing - only cost me one penny with my Sprint plan.

I really want a phone like this, it has all the functions that I am looking for in a portable device (which are clearly described in the promotional details), however I will not pay money for this smartphone or any other until I can get it Without a data plan. I only use functions like voice and text while away from my home wifi, any surfing or email I need to do can wait until I get back home or to another wifi location (I already have a GPS...) Essentially, I want an iPod touch-like device with talk and text capability/service. That is the device I want and until it is offered I will have to stick with hauling around my old flip phone And my old Ipod touch (not fun when you are going for a run in the summer heat!) I don't expect a big discount on a device without a data plan, but if I Buy the device outright I Do expect to be able to pick the service plans that I Want, not the ones the carrier wants to sell to me. The HTC One looks like it could be what I want, if Any Carrier would sell it with just talk and text...Ok, I feel better now.

Flawless design. Body of the phone is meticulously constructed and very appealing to the eye. The camera is of superior quality and captures images and video very well. The phone feels solid in the hand unlike other phones that seemed flimsy and fragile. I look forward to HTC's forthcoming release of the One's predecessors. I am very satisfied and happy with my HTC One.
