
In the first moment that I turn on the device, I fall in love with it. Great product and I hope it stay with me a lot of time. Thank you

Phone would not work outside of USA.  tried many times by switching sem card and taking to a professional cellphone business but phone still would not work.

I love the phone.BUT when it arrived it opened in Chinese.I had no clue what to do.After guessing on getting through the opening screens I watched a YouTube video to find out where the language setting was.Once I clicked on English it changed rapidly.On starting up there was about 5 hours of updates using Wi-Fi.

The screen is amazing! Very confotable to read and navegate online. The touch screen is much more powelfull and is not heavy at all...

I was in doubt between this and the iPhone 5 and I choose this. It was worth it. And as I live in Brasil I can still use the LTE. I have never thought that I would prefer a galaxy instead than a iPhone. This phone is great.

Pros:- Awesome camera;- Everything flows super well;- Best keyboard EVER. It is super easy to type;- Best screen I've seen (good resolution and good size)Cons:- For almost 700 dollars, it looks that the phone will break at any time. The quality is far from being the best. It looks like a toy...- It gets hot easily

The phone was delivered quickly and was new and perfect. Everything was fine until I tried to update the software to latest. A msg propped up saying the phone was modified and hence software cannot be udpated. After a quick discussion with the seller it was decided that I return it back.

i bought this phone for my brother overseas... i can't talk much about it but all i know, he is happy with it...

All that i was expenting.  Its greate.  It works like charm.I will buy more things to this guy. thanks

This Samsung S4 is one of the greatest phone i have had. it works perfect on every aspect. The reason why I give it a 4 is that it is slow when i use the phone for a while without restarting it. I guess there might be too much application running in the background. But this did not happen with my Samsung Note 2 I had before.

I'm from Brazil and the fact that this Galaxy S4 be an international version is very good due to the 4G frequencies in my country.Another very important fact is the inumerous functions of this phone, everything you want in a smartphone today he has!

I love this phone ! Everything is amazing and working perfectly !! I bought mine from FGS Trading and it was perfect ! It comes with an adapter, and everything in box ! The box was not sealed, but everything inside was ok ! When I turned on it was on French, but it was easily to change ! I haven't tested the 4g in brazil, but it seems to be ok ! Recommended !

This is an excelent phone, unlocked and International, works in Brazil, I had no issues to activate it in my carrier

Great product. Just what I needed for my daily activities. Best camera that I have seen so far in any smartphone EXCELLENT Highly recommended! Very happy

i do love the phone, just as stated in review. Love it, works better than i thought it would. Very happy

Just awesome! Huge battery,  nice and huge screen and resolution, looks like delicate but its not, nice camera, etc, etc, etc.

The price paid is worth it, is a pocket pc, lighter than the earlier and much faster, fine by samsung this time.

Amazing phone. A lot of useful features like air gesture, eye motion, and s voice. My sister owns an iphone s4 but wants my mine.

Bought the phone from the seller &#34;Mobile Deals&#34;, works perfectly and it's an amazing device! HOWEVER it's not the factory unlocked i9505 version but the AT&T equivalent (SGH-i337) and that it's NOT advertised anywhere by the seller. Now I have to wait for AT&T to release their update in order for me to get at least JellyBean 4.3 and who knows when I'll get KitKat 4.4. The phone IS unlocked though (that much is true because I tested it with various Venezuelan SIM cards) but it's not what I expected (I would've given it 5 star if it was).

open with no adaptor and in some asian language, do not buy from this place it is just not worth it

Phone appears to work faster than the I9500, all installed applications work, however the headphone port does not work and Samsung refuses to repair a brand new phone because it was not manufactured in the USA. Now I have a new phone with a bad headphone jack? Once again Samsung refuses warranty support. When providing all serial numbers and other reference numbers from the phone, they can not provide a phone number as to where the device can be repaired.

The phone is unlocked as described, which is good.Granted, the screen went blurred within couple of hours and then wouldn't display at all. I am extremely unsatisfied and already requested a refund. I wish to hear back from the seller soon.

DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM. THEY ADVERTISE IT AS A GALAXY S4 I9505 PHONE BUT THEY ACTUALLY SHIPPED ME AN ATT I377 WHEN I CONTACTED SELLER ABOUT IT HE TOLD ME IT WAS THE &#34;SAMETHING&#34; I WORK FOR ATT AND CLEARLY ITS NOT THE SAME THING. THIS PHONE WILL NOT WORK WITH ANOTHER CARRIER OR IN ANOTHER COUNTRY!!! I HAVE REPORTED THEM TO AMAZON.

I received my samsung last week and it did not come with the earphones nor extra earbuds......I was stiffed on this, but wall adapter, sync cable and spanish manuals were all there.....so be careful when buying this product....make sure to check that everything is in the box. On another note, my s4 is working quite well, still getting accustomed to all the features but loving it!!!!!!!!!!!

I bought this for my daughter as she has T-mobile with 3g and travels back and forth to Europe.  From the reviews it said it work work 2G and 3G in the USA and 4G in Europe which sounded perfect.  However it did not work at all in the USA where she lives although her old HTC phone works great.  Also the camera has nice features but the quality was very poor, almost blurry.  I returned it immediately which cost me $26 (with insurance).  It took the supplier several days to acknowledge he had received it and then he deducted $20 from my refund.  So it was a $46 mistake to ever have ordered it.

In general i can tell that this Cell phone is the best than I have had. So is recommended to everyone that wants great functionallity on a smartphone

O Samsung Galaxy S4 i9505 16GB 4G/LTE Black Factory Unlocked &eacute; excelente! Um telefone repleto de recursos. Por&eacute;m veio configurado em Francs e sem manual.

EXCELLENT PRODUCT WILL RECOMMEND 100%.This was done everything went TIME NORMALLY, THE TELEPHONE HUNDRED PERCENT RECOMMENDED. VERY GOOD AFTERNOON. BYE

The offer says that the mobile phone Samsung Galaxy S4 i9505 is factory unlocked, that was not true, the phone is locked and I will have to unlock it to use it.

This phone so far has met expectations. It was a Christmas gift for my husband and I didn't know what to expect since I didn't open until he got it for Xmas. But the package came on time. The packaging was well done. The phone itself has worked really well. Haven't had any issues since I received it in December. It has not given problems with our network here where we live either.

it was frustrating.. one minute it reads no sim card installed,, the next if you restart it.. then it reads sim card.. and then the next.. gosh it was just frustrating to deal with it.. it seems to be either a used phone or refurbish.. loved it.thougth

excelente

I bought this mobile a few weeks ago and couldn't be happier with it. The 5' full hd display and the 13MP camera are just great. Sometimes I prefer to use the mobile to take a photo than my regular camera. I can't believe I still had doubts about switching from an Iphone to the S4. Now I recommend Galaxy S4 to everyone!!

Perfect phone, the battery runs for about 26hours and gets down to 30% with a lot of chatting usage and bad cell covergae so thats a plus. play games seemlessly, the battery can withstand game usage for a while. the phone doesnt heat up too much with resource intensive apps (games). Overall its the perfect life companion.

it was new ,arrives in perfect condition,It is very fast and big screen ,better than my old iphone 4s ok

the phone gets very hot after 10 min of using. I think I might return it and get Htc ONE.

Its all kind of subjective but I will say that I am really liking this phone. Disclaimer: It is my first smartphone. I don't use every feature as doing so would mean a larger drain on the battery but I'm about 6 weeks in, so far so great!

Not compatible with any LTE networks in America. Get the i9500 instead if you just want 3G.

It does what it's been advertised to do, but it feels even greater!Came with Chinese locale by default, but pretty easy to switch to English. Coming from the Samsung Galaxy Nexus, I have nothing but high ratings from this purchase. Battery life, processing power, memory; pretty much everything is more than twice as good from what I'm used to with my previous phone. I highly recommend it to anyone thinking of purchasing; most definitely worth the 600+ bucks.

Great smartphone. I don't think I'd ever go back to iPhones after getting a taste of the Galaxy ! :)

fast shipping I am very happy with that phone. Fast and reliable good looking. The phone is amazing fast and the pictures are beautiful also the recording is awesome. Very pleased with the purchase.

Got this one a few months ago.. Suddenly the display went off.. when i took it to the manufacturer i was told this product isn't manufactured here and there is no way u can get it repaired within the US.. I got to know that these phone are getting manufactured somewhere in the UAE.. And now, I don find a reason as to why people sell a product inside the US and don't have any source of getting it fixed or replaced.. The customer's satisfaction, money and everything goes for a toss..When you are spending so much to get a product, you should be having a very good customer support and a servicing store at your help always.. I'm totally let down and disappointed with this..

Will not be buying anything else from this supplier.  The phone came with many malfunctions, took it to my service provider they can't get it fix.  Sent a message to the supplier hopeless.The phone cannot accept a call if I'm on the phone it doesn't give me the option to.  When someone is calling me and I answer I cannot hear them on the first answer but if they call back on the second ring I can hear them.Craappyy!!

The best phone by far, love it, camera is great, better than 3s. I use in in Tanzania, it works well, Thanks.

It comes factory Unlocked, has Qualcomm Snapdragon 600 processor at 1.9Ghz quad-core, the difference with the i9500 model with the Exynos processor octa-cores at 1.6Ghz is not remarkable both works well.The difference is that this model can be connected to 2G/3G/HSDPA/4G/LTE networks, the model i9500 only be connected to 2G/3G/HSDPA networks.You can use this phone with any carrier in Venezuela, Movistar, Digitel and Movilnet 3G and 2G, to connect with Digitel GSM 4G/LTE, you should buy a USIM card.Works with Frequency (Mhz):2G/3G/HSDPA: 850/900/1900/21004G/LTE: 800/850/900/1800/2100/2600Movistar VE: 3G/HSDPA 1900MhzMovilnet: 3G/HSDPA 1900MhzDigitel GSM: 3G/HSDPA 900MHz; 4G/LTE 1800Mhz

I just connected my phone, its a good buy, i had no problems when i got to cell provider.  I am getting use the apps and enoying my phone

This phone is awesome! I wish that I could have had the phone but i bought it for my dad instead. I didn't want to let the phone go as i handed it over to him.

The product works really well.I have it for almost 5 months now and the battery is still perfect as at the beginning and I had no problem at all with this product.It came in german, but the seller sent instructions about how to set the language in english, and worked really well.I have no complains about this at all.And since it is unlocked I hope this works in Brazil.

Buuuu they advertised it as LTE and does not work in US and MX... This is like fraud... They later change the title... Lame and super expensive...

This was a gift to a friend who recently switched from Blackberry, she was pleased with the item she received

I was very pleased, but after the automatic update the phone is switched off every 15 minutes. How seller can help me in this case?

I bougth this phone to replace my Galaxy S3 and so far I am very impressed with it. Has a lot of extras that are fun to try and use, I specially like the watch on function and use my phone as a Remote control for my TV's and Sky Set top-boxes. I definitely let go all my remotes. :). Display and Sound are way better than the S3, battery life is good, apps run very fast. Very pleased with this purchase.

I don't need to use my laptop anymore. There's so much in this gimmick that its so much more than I need, but I love it. It has fallen down about 5 times on cement and basic tile floor and it still works fine! This shock resistance is an improvement upon the previous Galaxy S3 which could crack if it fell on the floor. A great product, but can be a little confusing for people not familiar with smartphones, still a great buy considering the presumptuous price of the iPhone 5.

The Samsung galaxy S4 is a good phone however the one I purchased keeps dropping service and freezing up :(

its cool I like it because I don't like her iPhone or somethingthat's why I'm just sooo samsung glaxy s4

I needed this unlocked phone before a move to Europe after my previous phone was stolen.  Seller was responseive to my e-mails, expeditied shipping, and I got it the afternoon of my departure.  Phone works great in Europe on cell or WiFi networks, and I couldn't be happier.

I just connected my phone, its a good buy, i had no problems when i got to cell provider, good phone.

I received the SGH I337, it's the AT&T version, I did NOT recieve the unlocked version (i9505) althought it is technically the same (specs wise) and it was unlocked, I was dissapointed because some features are locked.

The cell phone dont work in my country. I dont have signal, inernet, the music and videos dont work.I have problems with the system and aplications. The cell phone works very slowly

Excellent product, arrived just on time and without any problems. So far the phone has worked perfectly in Colombia,  even though I haven't tried it with 4G yet.

Battery life is excellent. Amazing features. Great for multitasking. Beautiful screen. Clear calls.  Speakers sound great for a phone.  Big screen.  Pricey but worth it.  Love it!

The cell phone was SIM locked for Uruguay (latam).I was expecting a factory unlocked, but wasn't.The seller give me the lock number for free, it was given from Samsung.I waste some days to unlock the phone, but today is all right.I recommend the cell phone!!

The cell phone arrived and it is really in bad shape. I can't turn on the wifi, cell phone is freezing all the time... It tooks days to connect to my GSM operator. It was a really bad experience.

It's the best phone at the moment. Please dont hesitage to buy it! No regret! It's quite easy to use it.

Excellent cell phone it is exactly what I wanted and I would recommend to my friends or maybe  someone else

There isn't much to say from blackberry 9700 to a samsung galaxy s4... it's just 100000% better except for the battery life... I don't about you guys but I have to charge it twice a day but other than that it's a wonderful phone!!! I'm very happy

I think this mobile very good and recommend to many of my friends. I'm very happy  with this acquisition. No more comments.

It is fast, thin and the touch screen is really nice. The screen produces amazing images.  All new things comparing to S3 works.Negative point: the phone gets a little hot just surfing the web.

the phone is really good and it was exactly how I wanted.I didn't have any problem.Just I couldn't be at home shipping time and I had to go cargo place and it was so far from my home ,out of the city.I know the same company has many stores in town.Why did they choose that far place coudn't understand

I love it my acquisition its complete, fast, great design, tons of apps and incredibly light. However there are few things you might know it. The batery dies really fast, I feel I gonna break it all the time and after 10 to 20 playing starts to heat.

This new PDA of mine is doing everything that i was wanting it. Only pain point is battery gets drained out fastly..

This phone meet my expectations. I have been using the phone for two months and I have not had any problem with it

PRO: 1) Galaxy S4 GT-I9505 Black Mist is as described by seller. 2) Came in perfect conditions. 3) Works perfect until now. CONS: 1) Box CAME open. 2) The screen didn't have the usual protective plastic with android and network logos like all new Samsung phones, in its place brought a pre-installed screen protector.Anybody can doubt  about a seller who send a mobile with the CONS described. I supposed there is an explanation about that.

I ordered a new phone.....instead I got a refurbished phone that boots up with Swiss.com and has Swiss apps already installed!!  Do not buy from this seller!!!  Total ripoff!

It's a better machine than an Iphone, but you will have to learn the functions, and is not as intuitive as an Iphone, you will have to watch some tutorials in youtube.

It was delivered on time and fully package, but unfortunately this version is from Europe "Orange Telco" without any specification at the time of purchasing and worst one... Galaxy S4 came up with less than 10GB !!! where is 16GB memory space ?

Excellent seller good product the cellular one is a version of laitonamerica comes in Spanish language totally, good work very rapidly to use light it is an elegant good telephone and I recommend to the seller that agan his purchases with the recommended one 100 %

The seller FGS Trading irresponsible seller, sends used it say they are new products. No precinct or original labels on your bill does not specify the IMEI of the mobile. I intend to send it but I live in Venezuela where there is no access to USD, and I would come out very expensive to send and bring it back from the U.S. to Venezuela. I tell other solution and no longer write. In 10 years my first bad purchase. DO NOT RECOMMEND

I fill that I need to say thisI got the product on time as I expectedand was Very pleased about it  and wrote good feedback on thatButIm very sorry . I paid for an unlock phone and it is not full un lockedThere is no Hebrew languageand can't used the phone as an hotspot this is because the AT&T; service is still living on my phone and the only way to fix it is to  root the phone and paying 100$ for it.

excellent product, I recommend it 100%, i like, works great, meets my expectations, works perfectly, eg the last en-phone technology

Does this INternational Version have LTE? I saw in some reviews from most INt version that it does not have LTE... PLS Clarify... THanks you :)

I ordered a Samung Galaxy Smartphone through Crocodhill. It was at a very fair price and was to be sent from abroad - which made sense since I wanted global ready and unlocked. Unfortunately, US Customs wouldn't let it across the border. Crocodhill notifed me instantly and provided a full refund.

Very nice

Very deseccionado with Article received in the item description it said it was the samsung galaxy s4 I9505 and they sent me was the Samsung SGH- I337 GALAXY S4 AT & T Phone , the phone works fine but the bands that brought you can not use in Venezuela with attendant telephone that possessed line , now I'll have to buy another line from another operator that was not the idea , should be more serious and publish the actual item you are selling to know that is what you will receive , I feel cheated by the seller, if lived in the USA would demand , public bands S4 models to make their predictionsS4 SGH- I337GSM Quad -Band 850/900/1800/1900 Mhz2G Network GSM 850/900/1800/19003G Network UMTS 850/1900/2100Red 4G LTE 700/1700/2100S4 i9500GSM Quad -Band 850/900/1800/1900 Mhz2G Network GSM 850/900/1800/19003G Network UMTS 850/900/1900/2100S4 I9505GSM Quad -Band 850/900/1800/1900 Mhz2G Network GSM 850/900/1800/19003G Network UMTS 850/900/1900/2100800/850/900/1800/2100/2600 4G LTE NetworkMuy deseccionado con el articulo recibido, en la descripcion del articulo decia que era el samsung galaxy s4 I9505 y me enviaron fue el Samsung SGH-i337 GALAXY S4 AT&T; Phone, el telefono funciona bien pero las bandas que trajo no lo puedo usar en Venezuela con la operadora telefonica que poseia linea, ahora tendre que comprar otra linea de otra operadora que no era la idea, deberian ser mas serios y publicar el articulo real que estan vendiendo para saber que es lo que recibira, me siento estafado por el vendedor, si viviera en USA los demandaria, publico las bandas de los modelos de S4 para que tomen sus previsionesS4 SGH-i337GSM Mhz Quad-Band 850/900/1800/1900Red 2G GSM 850/900/1800/1900Red 3G UMTS 850/1900/2100Red 4G LTE 700/1700/2100S4 I9500GSM Mhz Quad-Band 850/900/1800/1900Red 2G GSM 850/900/1800/1900Red 3G UMTS 850/900/1900/2100S4 I9505GSM Mhz Quad-Band 850/900/1800/1900Red 2G GSM 850/900/1800/1900Red 3G UMTS 850/900/1900/2100Red 4G LTE 800/850/900/1800/2100/2600

i ordered this phone received it in my skybox within reasonable time. i put my sim card in and its reading it and working perfect. on the back writes SAMSUNG and not TMOBILE or AT&T. i love it and would definately recommend it. im thinking about getting one for my husband. the features are great. for it to work in the caribbean, please look for factory unlock and international version. good choice.

Excelent phone. Best one i ever purchased. Only thing that it could be better is the night shot quality of the camera. Poor quality, but rather than that, best one ever.

S4 from Hong Kong, it is configured in chinese language, but the cell phone it's excellent.I love it.The delivery was excellent.Thanks

Updated 02 January 2014:There was a terrible issue with my S4. It stopped working suddenly due to a swollen battery on my recent New Year's trip and put me through a lot of grief and additional costs. See [...] for details of this widespread product defect that has affected probably hundreds of users, and can lead to a damaged screen as well. I am never buying Samsung again. Even after they discovered this issue in a whole batch of products manufactured during a two-month duration, they never cared to notify or substitute my product. If it is possible, I may even sue them for all the s*** I had to go through for relying on this substandard version of the classy Android OS.

I did not get what i ordered which was a i9505 instead i got a i337m or somethibg like that,tried making contact to have it resolved no one seems to care. Will never make another purchase

The phone is great and it works perfectly. Its unlocked but its not factory unlocked.Mine it was from a france carrier, Orange, and it was unlocked.Beside of that I have no complain, the phone its good and it works fine.Thanks

it turned out defective and am trying to return it and get a replacement.  Have called but there seems to be problem

very very goodgreat if you could add I would do ten star, really really good stuff ..goodexcellentvery good materialI recommend itI like his responsibilityThey are attentiverecommend the truth

The samsung galaxy s4 is easy to use and is for friendly users....i love android systems more than iphone....I will recommend it to anyone...

The phone, small computer does more than I can do, so there will be a learning curve here. Thank you.

Apart for the fact that everything is written in French, everything is lovely!!It is an &#34;international&#34; phone, but why not in English

it reached on time and is working perfectly everything is as expected this is a great buy anyone considering shouldn't hesitate

Seller responded to all questions.  Device is working with no issues.  The device requires minor settings changes to get to operate in English, instructions provided walked me through it.

I bought this phone to my husband and I can't say anything wrong about this phone,because works great .This phone has only one disadvantage is no 4g in US, phone works on 3g internet  and speed is  around 6- 12 Mbps (in our big town)..Phone came with french instruction ,we just had to change the language in menu.

It is a good Android Phone.In general it is a good phone, however:The touch screen is a bit strange so I had a hard time writing.Also it was defective -it would not charge every now and then.It came with French but not too hard to set to English.The bad part is really the seller:I contacted the seller about the battery. They said talk to Samsung.Samsung says it is not covered under warranty because it is not purchased in the US.The seller clearly says it has Warranty.

The phone shipped fast and arrived as described

The battery cant last even for 12hours. Even when you don't make a call or use it for anything. The phone gets hot and I don't know what to do with it anymore. I thought that's how sumsung galaxy s4 is made but when I asked my friends with the same phone they say it is ok. What is the problem with the phone. How can I return it because clearly it seems the phone has a problem.

excellent product, works very well with my preferred operator movistar, get everything right, everything in order, 100% recommended:unlocked, very well

This phone has a lot of features and is simply awesome. There's not much to talk about it, because everyone knows it, the shipping was fast. Rather expensive but I personally think it's worth it.

Great phone. Delivery was as predicted. Phone came in it's original box, factory unlocked and brand new. Headphone quality is very bad compared to the iphone. Battery live not as expected but make sense with the big display. Love it.

Well, you can't for more with this phone.Especially if you're and Android enthusiast, it'll run at least 4 more versions of the OS with the development of course not with Samsung.

everyhing on this device is amazing.Just buy it, you wont have regrets.Its for everyone, specially bussiness people. Tks.

The phone was planned to be a present  to my wife for her birthday. The phone arrive  not working (The phone is not charging the battery)  , I had to go out to verify what is the problem , The seller sent to  me new battery but it did not solve the problem so i return the product and left  with no present t

It's a great phone. The screen is big with a real colors. It have a good speed in open the apps. Isn't LTE in USA and in another countries like Venezuela with have only 1 operator with LTE but they not offers this plan with another mobiles whats they don't sell

Purchased 6 months ago. Gps stops working and samsung is not supporting this international model.  Edges are becoming white. Battery is dryning fast. It feels like a cheap android phone.

I got the phone and came with a factory problem that makes drains every battery that i bought, after the fourth battery got &#34;Fat&#34; i send it to a technitian and told me thats there was a problem in the main board of the phone, i explain to amazon and they very nicely gave me a refund but i lost 110 $

I do not recommend this phone if you intend to use it primarily in USA with occational use in other countries. This phone is not intended for US market.This review is written form the perspective the phone's use in USA. I considered, but did not buy this phone. My review is based on the phone's specification and my research.I had multiple motivating factors for spending big buck and get this cutting edge phone:1) I wanted to buy my own phone and keep it as long as I like.  I am tired of being locked in two year contract.2) I would like my mobile phone to be compatible with multiple carriers.  I would like to shop for mobile service independent of my phone being from a specific carrier.3)  I wanted my phone to be unlocked. Sometime the carrier unlocks it for you to use the phones overseas, but not with the competitor here in the US. The price of the phone is built in the monthly bill.  It is not free. Why is that  I am not allowed  to do whatever I like with my phone, at least after the contract has expired?4) I want my phone to accept a SIM card. Some phones form some carriers in US, such a Verizon, do not have SIM cards and effectively you cannot use them with any carrier other than Verizon, inside or outside the US. Of course, Verizon now have some phone models that accept SIM cards that can be used overseas, as long as Verizon unlocks it for you. Why not all phones come with SIM cards, like many countries in Europe, Asia, Africa, and South America?5) A Fourth Generation (4G) technology called Long-Term Evolution (LTE) is growing in coverage and that will be the cutting edge mobile communication that will replace the old 2G and 3G technologies. I wanted my new phone to support LTE.6) In many countries outside US, the phone networks use widely accepted international standards; therefore, the mobiles phones can be used with any of the carriers in those countries.  That is what I would like to see here in US.Let me come back to the review of the Samsung Galaxy S4 International version offered here at Amazon.It meets all my requirements except the following:1. The phone can support LTE networks; however, the LTE frequency band used by this phone is not compatible with those used by mobile carriers in the USA.  It means you cannot take advantage of the high speed provided by 4G networks (LTE). You have to settle for 3G. I did some research and found out that for LTE communication,  AT&T; uses 700MHz; T-Mobile uses 1700MHz; Verizon uses 750 MHz; Sprint uses 1900 MHz; and MetroPCS uses 1700 MHz.  Theses frequencies are different from the LTE frequency bands supported by the phone. Then, what is the point of buying the latest mobile phone if it is not compatible with your carrier's latest high speed network?2. For 3G side, some users have mentioned that the phone is not compatible with T-Mobile`s 3G in the USA. T mobile uses 1700 and 1900 MHz frequency for 3G. If T-mobile uses 1700MHZ in your area, the phone will not be compatible to use T-Mobile's 3G network.I do not recommend this International phone for USA users. The best alternative is the T-Mobile version of Samsung Galaxy S4. That phone supports LTE on the following bands: 700, 850 1700, and 1900 MHz. That means it will work on the LTE networks for AT&T;, T-Mobile, and MetroPCS. A search on Wikipedia with a search key "E-UTRA", lists that LTE networks in Canada and Latin America use 1700  and 1900 MHz bands. That means it will also work in Canada and Latin America LTE networks. My understanding is that T-Mobile unlocks their phones if you paid the full price.Currently, 4G (LTE) networks are not fully deployed everywhere yet. They cover only major cities in USA.  Many countries have not deployed 4G yet and even if they have, it is possible that some are using frequency bands that are not supported by your phone. That means, it is still important to have the 3G connection working. The T-mobile's version of the Galaxy 4 phone, supports the WCDMA version of 3G system which is compatible with AT&T; and MetroPCS 3G networks in USA and many other 3G networks around the world. WCDMA, also referred to as UMTS, is the most accepted International 3G communication standard. Note that CDMA is different from the WCDMA even though they share similarities. Carriers who had CDMA based networks are converting their networks over to WCDMA. Verizon and Sprint use CDMA for 3G communication, instead of WCDMA(UMTS), which makes their 3G networks incompatible with International phones. At this point, Verizon and Sprint networks are the list compatible with US or other international networks. They seem to prefer the "Locked-In" approach with less freedom to switch to other carriers.In summary, here in USA, we are not there yet where your phone will work with all the carriers; however, the T-Mobile version of Samsung Galaxy S4 comes close. It gives you flexibility, freedom from a contract, and compatibility to other networks here in USA and overseas. I think this is a starting point to freedom.

The phone arrived well, in perfect condition the only thing that concerns is the seal was broken, but overall is great.. Samsung s4 is a big step from the s3 mini that I owned.

Attend my expectations! So fast and so clean the interface. It is fast, but with some application it warms up.

This is a short review since we all know about the S4 itself.I ordered my own from Worldwide Distributions and I had no problems at all. Phone was delivered on time and in excellent condition.The phone is great, with a superb screen (Bright and Clear)The phone comes with 16GB internal storage and has microSD expansion.The back is a fingerprint and scratch magnet (not like the previous Galaxy models, but still manageable)Honestly if you want to know something specific to this phone just write or email me a message and I will be happy to respond.Enjoy....

Hi,The phone is definitely best in the market right now in terms of hardware and software specifications. Even better than Google's Edition of S4 I guess.Though I have given it 5 rating, still I find the phone heats up a lot. I returned the phone to my seller thinking there is some problem with the phone, and I got new phone from them and found this too heats up and eats the phone battery.If we eliminate the heating else everything is fantastic, very good for multitasking(allows to open two windows and video play, all at a time), gaming, streaming.

The phone fell from a height of 30 cm when I got up from a Chair and the screen broke. Just 7 days that I bought.where is the gorila Glass?

The galaxy S4 I9505 is the best phone I have ever seen.  If you compare it with Galaxy S4 I9500, it doesn't work with 4G. That means it is better to bye Galaxy S4 I9505.

The Phone is working well now in Venezuela but it was bought unlocked and was received locked even the packing was opened. My brother had to pay extra $50 to get this unlocked In Vnzla. This is the reason I'm giving a score of 3. Provider sure ensure that is selling what is offered.

I've been working with this phone for about a month now.  I'm using it in Afghanistan on &#34;3G&#34; (highly doubt it's actually 3G) so I can't vouch for it's mobile download speeds.  99% of the time I use wifi.  The screen is the best I've seen of ANY mobile device, including my GF's iPad 4 with the retina display.  It's been fast at everything it does, gaming, apps, etc. Can't wait to try it out on some 4G when I get back to the states.

I bought this phone to give to my cousin in Trinidad. When I went down and gave her the phone she tried to turn it on, but nothing would display on the screen.  If you touch the screen the phone would vibrate, which means the phone was indeed on, but the screen itself wouldn't display anything. I ended up taking the phone back in hopes to fix it since the last day for me to return it has already gone past.This was a complete waste of my money...

It is my third time buying this item for friends. No complain received so far, just put your GSM sim, and bingo!

Samsung Galaxy S4 overcame my expectations. I was in doubt between Galaxy and Iphone, but now I am sure. The Samsung Galaxy S4 is the best!!! There are a lot of amazing new functions.

I love my this marvel! Is like having a powerfull machine in your pocket.The battery life is outstanding and it overpass the still perfect Galaxy S4.The best cellphone out there right now, without doubts !

The cell is awesome... samsung really get improved with this S4.... iphone5 has no chance, don`t have a half of the atributes of S4...

Three months ago, I purchased a Samsung Galaxy S4 i9505 16GB 4G/LTE Black Factory Unlocked, International from you. I have been experiencing problems with the cellphone's battery, the battery swelled up and the cellphone suddenly shuts down. Yesterday i spoke with Samsung Latinamerica and they didnt help me with this problem because supposely the batteries affected are in Europe. I read that Samsung is taking responsibility for the malfunction of S4 batteries and are replacing them for new ones free of charge. I am attaching the link of the new [...]  [...] I live in Ecuador, and I would like to find a solution for this problem. My battery belongs to the group of affected batteries

The European version of the i9505 has a defect in the battery. The 9500 version is perfect, but the difference is that the 9500 is the 9505 is 3G and 4G, The cure is to buy a battery, but it is an extra expense

I was impressed with this cellphone, it's been amazing, but since yesterday it started reboot sequentially, I have to take off the battery every time to make it stop rebooting, it is with the last update Android 4.3. I don't know what to do, since the warranty is not international and I'm from Brazil. Please someone help me!

This device is just wonderful!!! I love it...The bad side is just that the battery doesn't keep it turned on by whole day...And sometimes, depending on the app used, it becomes very hot...

It's fast. Nice camera quality. The resolution of the screen is amazing. The S4 is a good partner but in my country the low coverage of my cell company makes diffcult to use the voice assistant, because it doesn't work if you are not connected

This is a great phone and true to description. I am using SIMPLE Mobile as my carrier.PROs: It is fast to respond to touch and internet is super fast. I have't noticed the difference between this and my Sumsung Exhibit II which had 4G. (Actually this is 100X faster). I am still exploring the in and outs of the phone. I Looove this phone. It is sooo fancy. Face recognition.CONs: I quickly learned that I need to make sure all unnecessary apps are turned off as they will continue running in the background and drain the battery by end of the day. Fancy things involving air gesture & air view don't always work or I haven't figured them out. Not a big deal though.This shipper was super fast.Order a case ASAP in case it falls. It is definitely the largest phone i have ever held and barely fits in my hand let alone pocket.Oh! One other thing you will need a microSIM card not the regular one. I had my provider just cut it to fit the phone. A little risky but I couldn't wait to work with my new toy. Better than hype.

The i9505 samsung galaxy s4 in the description says unlocked, international and did not work for the sim from my country (mexico), does not work for you telcel network (UMTC). connector to charge the cel is European.

Excelente

The phone looks great at a glance, but after 2 months I started to use it the battery got swelled. I contacted Samsung and given that I am in Uruguay but purchased the phone in US they told me that they cannot replace the battery. Of course I was very disappointed with this response, especially because the title of the product said International Warranty but seems the warranty is only valid for the country where I purchase the product. The other problem I had was when I inserted an SD card. The photo gallery was very slow to display pictures and freezed the phone. Even clearing the cache didn't fix the issue and the only way I could see the photos was installing QuickPic.The phone is much superior to the old HTC Nexus One phone I had for 4 years or so, and if I had not had problems like these described this would be a very good phone, however my experience was not good.

It arrived as promised and wrapped with all the manuals and accessories.It is not branded with any company's logo cos I want to be independent of all of the carriers. The micro sim card it uses made me uneasy but I was able to cut my sim to fit in.

great phone!

This is an Orange France branded product so needs some adjustment to de-brand otherwise is unlocked and works with any SIM card.

Received instruction booklets in French and a 2-prong power plug, which requires an adapter for power outlets in US. Would like the vendor to send booklets in English and adapter for US power outlets.Screen is dim in sunlight ; have to brightness to maximum

Hi, I have purchased your publication. But I have a big problem .. First, the phone is not a i9505 if not the other is a i9506 which I dislike because I made the purchase i9505. The second and even more important is that I paid for a phone international version which ensures that the software available in multi-languages &#8203;&#8203;and in this case only has English, and about 5 Asian and nothing else! I hope I can solve the problem, I need the computer in Spanish and I can not change this ... I bought it just because I needed to go international in Spanish language for a person who does not speak English.

I own  a Samsung galaxy s3 since 2012, in 9 months  it stop working,only show on display: Samsung galaxy s3Now, I have a s4 gt-i9505 model and its been 3 days since it showed the same problem, AGAIN.I bought  in july, so I will contact customer service today...I will update futher later.For now, I advise to stay away from Samsung products.

This phone looks like European version. I believe the seller &#34;HassleFreeCell&#34; shipped a refurb phone to me. The phone took many tries to boot up. It shows the initial flash screen and would shut down immediately. When it booted up, the phone was very slow to move across screens and would freeze up. I was on the camera app and after taking a couple of pictures, the phone froze up with the picture displayed on screen.I'm not sure if this came in original packing. It was a beige cardboard box with security stickers on both ends and there were bar code labels struck over an existing bar code label. It looked fishy. Please be careful with this seller.I returned the phone (had to pay 7$ for UPS pickup as they won't accept a normal USPS shippment or pay for it) for a refund.

Excelent and works perfectly in VenezuelaHere we don't have a good 4G networkt but steel works greatI love this phone

The phone is awesome, just as anounced. The problem is that the charger inside the package is not the american standart, not fitting in any wall charger. So I had to buy another wall charger.

the best phone I've had personally recommended seller, the phone is quite fast in all its aspects, good quality images. happy with this purchase

It did not take long for me to become a former Apple fan. After a few minutes exploring this fantastic phone I realized how much time and money I wasted on iPhones. I simply cannot understand why people say this phone feels cheap. Anything else I would say about this phone has already been said so I just wanted to say Apple fans should not be afraid to try a different platform especially if it is one that will give you the freedom you deserve for an expensive item.

The best cell phone I ever had. I love it.Works in my country without any problem.Im From Venezuela.

I previusly had a S3. I had doubt to change to the S4, but for 440$,  I  get a faster Phone,  better screen resolution, lighter weigh, better battery performance and mine came with Android 4.4.2 kitkat.  I am very happy with it.

This was a gift for my wife, and so far has worked great with Telcel and Iusacell in Mexico. I received it on time and I'm glad to choose this seller.

the phone is excelent, actually the fastest phone ever tried, the screen resolution is awsome, i had a Galaxy S2 and the difference is impresive in every sence, the battery, the screen, the procesor, etc

I got the AT&T version of the phone not the version of the S4 shown. Otherwise the phone is okay.

Excellent phone ,fast,light and good size screen. I love it.It is better than faster than iPhone.Get the one with the  LTE.

Really good phone in all aspects, performs better than espected and the battery is ok, it last one full day of usage.

This product had European firmware that had someone singing on the start up.Then phone booted, and it would not read ANY similar card.had to buy a new sim card / sd card reader from eBay $11.Take the phone apart, use a heat gun to separate the adhesive, unplug the required connector, then put in the new part and re stick the new sim card reader down. Then put all 9 screws back in and cross my fingers it all worked.I bought this phone for my housemate to replace his iPhone 5 because my Galaxy S4 is awesome.I have read that the no sim card installed error is common on the S4. Luckily I was technologically minded and experienced enough to fix it my self. Took a month from ordering phone to getting it working after waiting for replacement parts. Plus now the sim card does not click in to place, but at least it works.I flashed new firmware and rooted the phone to see if it was a region lock problem not reading the sim, in so voiding the warranty and having fix it myself.i can't give a good rating for these reasons.Best phone on the market, till Galaxy S5, but too many people online with the same sim problem, which just tells me that Samsung do not have the best hardware testing........

very good phone.thin, fast, light, high resolution screen, good camera!only small problem is that it becomes warm-hot sometime.still trying to figure out how to use eye or hand to control the scrolling.

I ordered an unlocked phone because I did not want to be tied to a single phone company, and moreover I do travel overseas from time to time.  I have had bad experiences atempting to get other phones unlocked, both here in the US and in England. The 9505 is the S4 model sold by ATT and I therefore expected no problems in using it with ATT or T Mobile.When I unpacked the phone imagine my surprise to discover that it had come from Germany and that it was configured in German.  It was easy to reconfigure for English but there are a number of applications in German that of course stayed in German and to me are not usable.  The other issue is that the phone will not work in LTE mode, and to be fair to the vendor this (and only this) was declared.  This is something to do with frequencies used in the US.  However the phone does run in H+ mode at 5.3 Mb/s which is more than adequate. I have no regrets with my decision albeit the German was a bit of putting at first.  I think the vendor, Global Mobile and or Amazon should give a paragraph explaining the German and the absence of LTE.  My limited research suggests that at this time H+ is faster than LTE but may not be in the unknown future.

friendly(bought it for my parents)easy to usework fastgood big screengood battery lifecons- lack of hebrow in this version,need upgrading

Even though it doesn't look as elegant and rich as the HTC One, It is indeed more useful with the amazing features and the fast processor. It is very nice. Worth every Quarter of a penny!The motion features run smooth with a little bit of practice.HTC One vs S4The only thing which is highlighted in HTC One is the built quality and the camera.The S4 too has a nice camera but a poor built quality. It makes up because of a bunch of features

Do not have any doubt, the S4 is the best mobile avaliable. It is just brilliant.Light, fast, bright and with a lot of features that no one else has.Thanks again, Samsung!!

My first and last Samsung phone. Too many gimmick features that I ended up turning all off. Was alway busy doing something in the background and causes you to not be able to answer calls sometimes (not a good phone). The changeable battery was the best thing but made me run (not walk) to T-Mobile and trade it in on a iPhone 5S in about 90 days.

Is a great phone, brand new, arrived on time. Works perfectly good. Im very happy with my purchase. Thanks a lot

Excellent, its the Best smartphone ever... If i have to do it again i would not have any doubts. Samsung and android are the greatest

I am traveling overseas (Italy) using the Samsung Galaxy S4 i9505 which  I purchased from Amazon. I had the Toshiba computer and the Kindle (bought from Amazon as well) carried with me as well.1) After a couple of days that it was working fine, I had a problem connecting the Galaxy S4 to the hotel WiFi (other products worked fine). It did not recognize a (definitely) correct name and password given by the hotel. I try to change setting. Nothing help.2) So I have decided to do a reset to the "factory set up". I had backing up my data (not sure it is working).This process erases all the telephone (application used, telephone numbers etc.) set up to the "factory set up", as per the phone instruction. When completing and turning on the S4, as per the factory "setup" all was written in Korean/Chinese (probably), not a place to change the language (as per some video instructions on YouTube..) So I couldn't do any setting for connection or gaining minimum functionality.3) Sending mails to Amazon, I am refereed to different Amazon site. No where a place to get any help on such issues.4) Selling Electronic equipment requires a minimum technical support. It is not like selling books, cosmetics, cloths etc. It is time for Amazon to address this issue.I am surprised that Amazon don't test basic feature (minimum having obligatory the English language as a default language).  And don't have a basic Quality Control on electronic product it is selling directly from manufacturers or from suppliers it is working with. Not speaking about getting some minimum technical support from its suppliers (Transfer my mail to them for assistance and working only with those who provide such a service)Here I am In Italy "stuck" with my ""smart" phone that finally I can do now only phone calls with it.AD

excellent Nice product A friend of mine bought this telephone in other place and his wifi is not working. But this phone is just awesome

This phone is super fast and has a very bright and clear screen.  The battery life could be better but I am highly satisfied with this phone.  Highly recommended!

Excelente

The phone battery has presented problems too, to the point of not turning over the phone, the manufactured in China and have read that these batteries made &#8203;&#8203;in China are of poor quality and damaged very fast.These batteries are changing in the U.S., let me know if you are able to change the battery of my phone that was purchased in August.Thanking you for your kind attention and valuable support, I remain to receive prompt response, happy day

Great product.  Just what I needed for my daily activities.  Best camera that I have seen so far in any smartphone

Good job done. I enjoy it. WELL DONE. Continue doing that there will be a good market for u. THANX

Fast, easy to use, intuitive and self-explanatory. Very easy to put music in it (it doesn't need go to a website to downwload music like the iSomethings) and connects easy via bluetooth with other devices except, off course, the apple's devices.It's worth it!!!

I am not happy with my S4 i expect made in korea or Vietnam but made in china is very poor. The phone was configure with France Country settings, when i received the phone. But please dont buy this phone special with the merchant Open Group Wireless. If i could rate this into zero i will do rated zero. I expect too much with this phone but when i receive i was sad because of the made and settings of the phone. Even the gesture is not really working so im not happy. VERY VERY POOR! DON'T BUY THIS

I love my mobile phone because I can see the screen clearly and it fits nicely into my hand bag. Good upgrade from my previous phone.

Samsung's flagship device is stunning. True tech fans rejoice at the extreme ease of use and customization. Those new to the smart phone world will encounter a smooth learning curve with the S4. The S4's trump card is the ability to customize your many notifications for you twitter, Facebook, Instagram, and Whats app users. Along with Google's play store, you will have all the latest and useful apps on the market.

yet im not using all its fancy options but im so happy with it,also the seller was perfect.its the fastest i can get

Great phone overall, always loved samsung devices, couple months in and still i cannot complain. Glad i made the purchase.

Everything was perfect.

Samsung Galaxy S4 i9505 16GB 4G/LTE Black  SImple and Easy to use..- Simple, Slim and Super to use. Recommend to your friends too..

I bought it for my sister who lives in Croatia, Europe. She loved it! It's very light, with a lot of cool features. Her kids especially liked the app deigned to change channels on TV :-)

Phone freezes twice trying to end a call

This phone is pure MAGIC! Charges very quickly and hold the charge too.  Screen very colourful and bright like it should be.  Loud sounds and music when listened out or with headphones.  The features of this phone makes all other phones seem and in fact look like rubbish.  Air view, gestures, the camera and all of those settings keep me happy.  Separate from the apps that you can download all the features will keep you happy, satisfied, contented, busy, entertained for daaaaaaayyyyys.  Its slim too and fits very well in the hand one or both.  Typing is good too, a little bigger than the S3 but you don't really notice it.  ITS VERY FAST TOO ABSOLUTELY NO DRAG.  Having gone through the S2, S3 and now on to the S4 i'm very experienced with Samsung, Android and really appreciate this phone and all that it offers.  The next BIG THING COULD BE IN YOUR HANDS TOO.

When using GPS sevices or apps like waze, maps, etc, the phone overheats, and the battery lasts less than 12 hours

The most thing I like is it has perfect size with such a big screen size (5"). The bezel is so narrow!!You can handle it with your one hand, but still screen is amazing due to its big size and FHD.Camera has many functions. Drama, best shot, etc... all is so fun, useful, and easy to handle.One thing I don't like is its gimmick functions.Air gesture, air view, smart stay, etc..... I don't know why samsung put these immature, useless functions on this phone.You may barely use these. I just turn off these functions.But, size, screen, camera, battery,  ..... everything is perfect and non-comparable to other phones.

The phone is nice but after 7 months I went back to apple. The operating system and organization I got from iTunes made my iPhone much more manageable. Samsung just wasn't for me. I ended up dropping this phone from about 1 foot out my car door and the screen broke. It literally slide out of my pocket and down the door seal. I got a sports car which almost sits on the ground. Very disappointed with the phone durability.

Do not read the micro chip and they told me in Samsung tha i have to change the main plate, and it s cost half of the phone value... j

Phone is great. Unfortunately the one I received stop reading my sim 3days after I got it while on vacation. Hope replacement is better

Bought the phone as a gift, very pleased with the phones overall quality. Takes great pictures, very light doesn't over heat

This is the best phone in the market for sure, awesome screen, fast, thin and light. And one of the things i I like the most is that it's actually smaller than most 5 or 4.8&#34; due to the very thin bezels.The product arrived in great shape and in the estimated delivery time. The box was still sealed.LTE and 3G work in Brazil (TIM-MG).There were only some minor issues:-The charger is the korean standard, but it comes with an adapter-The phone was initially in korean, but you can change it while configuring it for the first time.Just ask if there's any doubt about the purchase.

My expectations were met, Samsung Galaxy S4 i9505 16GB 4G/LTE Black Factory Unlocked is amazing cell phone... thats all folks...

perfect and best phone lookwise till features they are providing. I would recommend this phone v/s iP5i'm loving it

Awesome Phone, I'm in love with.. The only problem is the battery now is going down so fast that before and I need to charge twice in a Day, but this as we know was Samsung Fail with some batteries and my one was the &#34;luck&#34; one, but my girl bought the same and nothing happens with that one.

Great buy com pre February 1 for me and one for my sister gift, all I was waiting for this cell phone, excellent supplier I can not ask for more arrive on time and undamaged, I gave 4 stars for the charger is very poor quality and the battery lasts only one day use it for work I mean having enough use now I'm carrying the blackberry charger if my husband will not be so good my husband says its charger specifications should not cause any problem but it is best to check with an expert, do not understand how samsung offers a smartphone, so high-end and putting accessories such poor quality if you are buying this phone comprese a battery of racambio find out which is better quality and charger good quality, thank you, just gift the drums hard about 3 months, the battery will damage the charger bulged like shoddy, so other great phone

Phone stopped working after 5  days of use, which was 31 days after I bought it (it was a gift for my father in law). Now I have to go to Samsung CSC. Depending on what happens there, I'll change the review. So far my user experience was terrible. Giving one star because I can't give ZERO.

this phone has everything you need high def screen fast processor sensitive touch but not to sensitive I am really happy with this phone

Although it says unlocked is not completely. I had to pay a little bit in order to be able to use it in Latin America but it worked great! no complains

I received the product in excellent condition, but I have a problem with 3g buy my belt and not lift operator gets no signal and then get on EDGE, so I'm glad others

The phone is in a new condition and just like in the product description. Shopping with you is a pleasure.

This is a very high tech phone.....Its easy to use and has a sleek look that you want....This phone is highly recommended by me...

Fantastic Mobile and it`s better than Iphone 5 with 13MP camera sothat it is very nice mobile.I am very proud because i am the first one in the world get it.

The phone let me speechless, it's just awesome, too many functions and gadgets, nice and smooth.Delivery was on time and was everything ok.I would recommend this product 5 stars!

The Samsung Galaxy S4 is an upgraded version of S3 loaded with so many features. The phone is the best in the Planet. I love it.It is highly recommended to everyone and especially high end phone lovers.

It must has been international factory unlocked but it wasnot..so I had to return it..I was disappointed.....please check them before selling

Item was received intact and on time. It is an awesome phone that I have been looking forward to. Will be using it mostly in the Caribbean.

I've owned two other samsung phone before this one just doesn't work properly don't know why it just doesn't work properly

it may be a used one and been renewed,  but I pay the new price fir it. the charger is bot US style , you got to find a thing to transfer it. and the voice is bad, especially when you turn on the vibrator there are still have some voice ! Zzzz

The phone is awesome!! I also own an iPhone 5 (have had one for the past 4 years) and the S4 puts it to shame, not only in terms of processing speed, but also screen quality. Though it is considerably bigger than the iPhone, its probably the maximum size phone I would ever have. There is one downside to this phone and it is the speed at which the screen adjusts from portrait mode to regular mode.Otherwise, the phone has exceeded my expectations by far!

For all you people asking, "Where will this phone work?" Stop asking and do some simple research. go to gsmarena and search for the i9505.Then go to wiki and find out what frequency your carrier runs on. It will be under the NETWORK heading. For instance ATT in the US uses 850 and 1900 for GSM and 700,1700 and 2100 for LTE. Do a tiny bit of research before posting dumb questions.This phone was a tough choice over the HTC one.Reasons over HTC were:Removable battery ( a must for modders at times)Super AMOLED screen is amazing with a great resolutionCamera is very good even in lower light settingsSound quality is not terrible at all.This phone also weighs less then it appears which is a nice feature.International- any network, anytime, to include LTE.For the average user they will surely love this phone in how smooth it is stock.I also recommend this over the i9500 for the faster cpu with longer lasting battery with the snapdragon processorThe only bad thing was a lack of a search button which now appears on nearly every page.If you are into modding. With Foxhounds rom and Adam's kernel found on XDA i only lose about 9% battery on extremely limited use with wifi and several widgets(including temperature, humidity, cpu temp speeds music player, notepad and power toggles.)On very heavy use to include music, a few games and texts while on WiFi the battery only dropped about 30% after 3.5 hours. I can easily go 1.5 - 2 days on medium usage. Xda also has a thread for speaker enhancement to get the volume louder both on headphones and through the speaker. This with a ICS theme make this phone perfect.

EXCELENTE MUY BUENO

The product's specification is 4G/LTE 2600 MHz. I live in Brazil, and my carrier is TIM (that have a 4G network at 2600 MHz in Belo Horizonte). But it didn't work here.

This is a great phone. It is packed with a lot of features and I really like the flexibility adding and removing apps on the android O/S.

It is my first Galaxy but definitely it is one of the best smartphones, maybe the best one at this precise moment. Love it!

I liked it, but I didn't the best point because the language is not complete portugues brazilian, for exemple, the keyboard is not portuguese, only chinese and english.

The phone is unlocked and worked easily as I out in my micro sim. The only problem is that the phone Manuel wa in French so it was difficult for me to read since I had to get it translated.

Thanks a lot for the mobile. Its fantastic, so the unique detail , the instructions and manuals are in french language instead spanish! Sowhere everything is ok.

Slimmer than S3, lacks the FM radio, has some good improvements over the S3.The keyboard has the numeric row on top so you don't have to switch between ABC and 123Battery duration seems to be a little bit better.

Phone getting very hot while plugged into power outletPhone not chargingPhone not recognizing when plugged into computer.This phone should get no stars...

I purchased this phone from amazon last January, 2014. It was not reliable and eventually failed to do basic calls.My carrier and Samsung declined to repair it. Amazon (wish list) declined to return it. I was told to go to Hong Kong (country of origin) for repair. I will not buy phones from Amazon and will not buy a Samsung any more.

Great phone ! i always liked samsung products. i have try many other like Iphone Motorolla atrix  ect... but this S4 is just great !

This was a gift to my wife step father, he is really happy with this product and he love it... the seller really responsable

The best phone / computing platform ever.Love it - great hardware but it's the sw/ and apps that makes it so great.

Excellent product. Best software everr. Could have a better housing but worth it.And it smudges to easily. So buy a case & screen protector ASAP.

Just love my new Samsung Galaxy S 4. It's blazing fast and full of features.JusT loved air gestures and the screen this Phone os amazing.

I love it . Its incredible easy to use and very ftiendly. No need to have a s5, ha ha

I've had this phone for about 4 months today, having purchase it from this supplier. The phone worked great minus some issues with the Wi-Fi which was fixed with a software update. However as of September the phone started randomly shutting down despite being fully charged. Running simple apps would also cause this as well. At first thought I was an app I installed so I factory restored the phone with no success in eliminating the problem. It so happened that I started to suspect the battery was the cause of the issue, as the battery is now swollen and there is a slight odor coming from the it. After doing some research I came to realize that the battery I have is fake (made in China rather than in Korea). Now with a swollen battery that causes the screen to lift off the phone slightly and shuts down when making a simple phone call, I am left highly dissatisfied. Who is to blame here? Do I blame FGS Trading for the fake battery I got in the box of the phone that I purchased from them or their unknown supplier. At this point I am sorely disappointed as outside of this problem the phone is a great phone.
