
I moved from a Blackberry to this piece of junk and am sorry that I did.The camera is good, the browser is excellent thus far, and the telephone function is adequate.Everything else of importance is poor to pathetic. You can't reliably synch your contacts, dates, memos with Microsoft Outlook -- it drops some items, duplicates others with no rhyme or reason. Samsung's voice control is supposed to be a wonder -- it can't even make simple phone calls with anything approaching a 30% accuracy. It won't work at all if you are in a fringe area, and when it does work, the response time is so great that you are left wondering if it is going to work. It was rare when voice control didn't work on my Blackberry.

I was slow to plunge into using a smart phone mainly because of the increase of service fees for the data. I do love this phone. I am visually impaired so I got this phone for the magnification feature and large screen. Another option for magnification is the iPhone but that has a smaller screen. Other advantages this has over the iPhone is the battery can be replaced and additional storage memory can be added. As for battery charge, I do have to charge it about once a day. Some times have gone two day between charging.

This is actually my first review that I'm writing about an item I've purchased on Amazon. It's understandable that you wouldn't want to purchase an outdated phone for its retail price. When you buy phones under the &#34;used&#34; category you must read the descriptions very carefully. I had an HTC One but previously had a Galaxy s4, until it broke and it had to be replaced twice. With that said, these phones are very fragile. I ordered my phone from MobilePC and it was in perfect, brand new condition. If you are planning on buying a used phone on Amazon, I would highly recommended MobilePC.

I like samsung galaxy s4...there are a lot of cool features. It has automatic screen adjusting when an eye picker pops up on text webpages. it has 2 cameras. screen doesn't freeze unlike my previous smart phone.

I can't believe it.I was so looking forward to keeping this phone and for it to come out.I thought after 3 gens of unreadable displays Sammy has to get it right this time.NOPEis there no sun in Korea or what.if you don't ever go outside then get this phone, you'll love it.But if your like myself and the other 7 billion people and do go outside then forget it

Wouldn't trade mine for any other phone!  I like the phone but I LOVE all the other jobs & tasks that make life so much easier!

It's cool and free. Big screen. Battery heats up sometimes. Keyboard is cluttered vs iphone. Typing worries, new word is not stored for future. Works ok but Improvement needed.

Well i heard that the Samsung galaxy s4 is a really good phone and camera also I can't wait to get my new one today also I got it in frost white and i bought and otter box for it also I love Samsung phone there hold up pretty good also my s3 held up for a long time

I got this for a penny from the comfort of my couch before Black Friday rather than fighting the crowds. I switched from the iPhone 4S and can't imagine going back to a smaller screen.

After years of being an IPhone user I switched and I am very happy with that decision. This phone works great and has been a good buy so far.

I switched from a iphone and I love the big screen.  It super fast and has not crashed yet.I think my will get one now.S4

I went from an iPhone 4 to this after some hestiation. I have been pleased with my switch. This has an amazing screen size, improved battery life compared to my iPhone 4, and a great price offered on Amazon. I did a 2 year renewel agreement. It is super fast, and very easy to use. Some of the customization Android allows can be overwhelming and confusing but well worth it. The thing I love the most is the swiping text ability Android offers.

There are many fine features in the Samsung Galaxy S4.  However the pleasure has been greatly diminished by a few bugs and problems:- The free Locate My Pone feature has been turned off in the USA due to patent problems.  AT&T; will do this for me but it costs $10 per month (yikes!).  Worse, there is no explanation of this at the Samsung site - when you click on the feature it just gives a broken link - and that is still true even after checking back a month later.  This is a critical feature.- When I put in a memory card (Samsung brand even!) to expand the memory, the camera software became corrupted where it would only work after a reboot, even after I removed the memory card.  It took several weeks to diagnose this (many reboots and trial and error) and required a complete device wipe to fix.- The Kies software to synchronize with Outlook is extremely cumbersome.  A bug in the latest version deleted about half my Calendar entries (disaster!)  When I tried to restore my wiped phone using the backup, it did not restore all the information.- The music player software does not play well with my car Bluetooth interface.Neutrals- At times it gets hot but OK- The alarm well simply stop after a while even if you sleep through it but you can set seeral snoozes so not a practical problemWhat I like most- beautiful screen- openness of Android- yes big but in the end still pocketable- very good battery life- voice control works really quite well- it's fast!

I upgraded to this phone from a Nexus 4, and after a week of using it knew I made the right choice. The Nexus 4 is a good phone for what you pay, and you will always get the latest android updates from Google. But I found the battery life to be poor, lack LTE really frustrated me on downloads. However, I easily get more than a day with medium to heavy use on the Galaxy S4. Calling quality is better on the Nexus device, but not a deal breaker. The S4 runs so smoothly, and if you don't like Samsung's Touchwiz interface you can always install a different launcher such as Nova. Buy this phone, you will not regret it.

Nice phone, but very very fragile, looks good but not durable, very concerned with malware and government hacking issues...not for secure use.

I lile the ability to multi screen. This is a great feature that I was unable to find on any other phone. Lots of other useful things as well.

Am really enjoying this phone.  It has lots of fun options, so many that I've hardly begun to find them all, even after a couple months!  Takes great pictures.  Battery life is excellent so far.

My GPS function virtually never works.  I'd say it works a few minutes a day.  I have checked many, many, many online forums, and this apparently cannot be fixed.  It just reads, "Searching for GPS" - always.  It is NOT a problem with the signal.  The problem is definitely the phone.  As a result, I cannot use the navigation function, which is very important to me.My sister has an iPhone 4s, and my brother has an iPhone 5.  Neither has this problem.  Their phones work flawlessly.  If I could, I would switch to one of those.  Based on that alone, I would recommend the iPhone over the Galaxy.The screen is also too dim.  Even at its brightest, it's quite difficult to see in daylight.  Again, no way around this, and both the iPhone 4s and iPhone 5 are consistently more visible in the same conditions.From what I've seen, the HTC One series also tends to perform the Galaxy in these aspects, but I haven't compared it as frequently.

Was delivered quick. Item is as described, a Samsung galaxy S4 black mist 16GB. What was vey nice was the phone number was sent to me before the phone. I was able to have my business cards made up with new number before phone was delivered. Tht worked out perfect.

I remember when curly cords were the big innovation in phones.  When I could no longer avoid a cell phone I just assumed that a basic phone would be easier to operate.  For years I struggled with that stupid little thing, I couldn't find it, couldn't see it, couldn't hit those tiny buttons with my big fingers and since all the apps were extra and I didn't know what they were for, I didn't purchase any.  When it rang I thought what's that weird noise? At the insistence of techno-savvy friends I made a leap into the 21st century and purchased a Samsung Galaxy S4 smart phone and my life is forever changed.  It is easy to see and operate, all the apps are included and make sense; it's a little computer in your pocket.  You can ask it where to get a good BBQ sandwich and not only do you get a list, it takes you to the one you pick.  If someone calls while you are driving, you don't have to answer...it will tell you in a clear voice who is calling and ask if you want to accept the call.  Say no and it tells the caller you will get back with them later.  It's a calculator, flashlight, radio, alarm clock, video camera and remote control.  You can dictate messages, watch television, movies and listen to your favorite old rock and roll.  You can pay your bills, see the person you are talking to (or not), read books and magazines, buy coffee at Starbuck's, translate foreign languages and take a &#34;selfie&#34;.  It reads those squiggly squares and plays games when you are bored...and that's just what I have figured out in a short time.  It watches your face and doesn't turn off if you are looking at the screen.  It does this really fast and the battery lasts all day.  The pictures are crystal clear and you can make the font bigger so you can see it.  I know there are lots of folks laughing at this review because it is pretty naive but there are still people out there who will read it with a sense of relief.  Yes, Samsung has made a phone we all can use and understand and when pulled out in public it doesn't look like a compact or a candy bar.  I love this cell phone and I think it loves me too.

Got this device and can't put it down. I am an avid smartphone user and get almost everything that comes out. Had the GS3 left that for the Note 2 (currently also own an iPhone 5).At first I thought I was going to miss the 5.5" screen of the Note 2, but after using my S4 I am adjusting very quickly, due to most of the features included and the screen quality.Air View is great, being able to "peek" at info without touching your device.Air Gesture is another useful feature as if your reading an article and eating, you can move the page with a flick of the hand (or finger). Even better when driving, because you can wave the screen to answer the call.The camera, while megapixels aren't always everything, this phone definitely beats the Note II and GS3. I have been looking for a great android phone camera to rival my iPhone 5 and I think I have found it. The new features, Drama mode to stitch pixs together, as well as dual camera to put urself in a picture are EXCELLENT. The ability to do sound and shot also is another plus.The overall look (even thou not premium compared to the HTC ONE) is definitely a step in the right direction as its not a plain black or white. The subtle aluminum bezel makes a nice addition.The new features as part of Android 4.2, such as customizing ur notification shade quick settings and putting personalized text on ur lockscreen, in addition to the much welcomed, music player widget on the lockscreen. FANTASTIC!!Battery Life, so far I am averaging about 14-16 hours on med-heavy use which is acceptable for the screen size/quality.Overall very satisfied with my purchase at full price, really contemplated over the last week with getting the HTC ONE, but it's the little things that matter sometimes; a feature having it, just in case one day you decide to use it. Battery percentage in status bar, quick settings in notifications, traditional app drawer are all to be appreciated. This phone is fast overall, you will not be disappointed...

Awesome phone! I can't believe how good it is. Camera is great, processes fast and is very sturdy! Very happy and recommend to all my friends and many have purchased and recommended as well

I don't like to upgrade until I really have. I was perfectly happy with my S2 but when it broke the obvious choice was the S4. Definitely worth the upgrade.

I'm a tech geek.  I've had iPhones since they first came out, this phone made me switch.  Apple still has the world's best app-market, so I have an iPad (even though the Surface is a better tablet).  This is the world's best phone, and since I have a tablet for a big game-boy I don't mind the app-store not being quite as good.

I loved my Galaxy S3, but the S4 is even better.  You can't beat the Android system (in my opinion) and it can be denied that Samsung has made a slick phone in the Galaxy series.  I love the large screen, the sound quality, really everything about this phone.  Definitely worth the upgrade!

Loving this cell phone, it does everything and more what I'm asking on cell phone. ..thats all I can say about this photo

Really love the weight, feel, and screen size/resolution of this phone.  It is my first Android phone, and I've been very impressed with it.

Had the S2 before the S4. The S2 was to Moped as the S4 is to Harley Davidson! Whenever i stop to think about all the sensors, radio receivers/transmitters, processors, software, network connectivity, cloud storage and apps,and so on within or connected to this little device - I am simply amazed.

I own a Samsung S4 Galaxy and Samsung (in their infinite wisdom) just forced us to upgrade the Kies application to a new Beta version that has no Synching capability and no Music Playlist management. For you iPhone users, this is analogous to the iTunes App on your Mac or PC. Here is Samsung's brilliant response to the obvious major planning error:Thank you for contacting Samsung Customer Support.I am sorry to hear this information was not available to you as it should be. I hope we can clarify this below.I regret to inform you that KIES 3 does not support syncing your contacts, schedule, memo and multimedia information and you are unable to edit music information or playlist management. Further to this you will not be able to use KIES 3 for contact editing, store applications or podcast.We have raised this with our engineers to have something implemented to access this feature, at this time we have not had a response and cannot predict if , or when the feature will be restored.I apologise this was not made clear to you and thank you for your continued patience and input.If there is anything else we can help with, please let us knowFor those of you who want to use your phone for any of the aforementioned features try a different Android phone or switch to iPhone. At least Apple doesn't purposely try to handcuff their customers.

This phone is amazing! Now, I have tried and used multiple phones. iPhone 5, HTC One X, Atrix HD, and many more. Buying this phone I was a bit antsy about bulkiness and size, but it fits perfectly in hand, and even with otterbox-like case feels light and easy to handle with one hand.Software-wise: the phone is amazing. WatchOn built in, that allows you to control your tv, AV Receiver, and DVD player (thanks to built in IR blaster) is amazing. It has the ability to set up and name your own rooms, so you can actually forget about finding a remote.  S Voice is a very nice and accurate rival of Siri. I used both, and honestly, i'd say they both do great with exception of S Voice being able to launch apps by voice commands.Hardware: I REALLY WISH AT&T; stop restricting hardware on devices (or whoever is responsible for AT&T; version to have Quad core only), whereas rest of the world has Octa-core CPUs on GS4...  It might be my vision, but i think i noticed that under direct bright sunlight, i see the screen flickering a bit. Again, it might be just me imagining. But under direct sun light and certain angle, you can see the screen flicker. other than those two things everything is great in the phone. Especially the decision to keep the battery removable! The only phone i'd trade it for, would probably be rumored Galaxy S4 Zoom...

Imagine this: you finally meet your dream girl (or guy). She's so smart - it's like there's nothing she doesn't know how to do. She's pretty - maybe not a supermodel but way prettier than your last girlfriend. She's well-connected. Easy to please. And she WANTS to do everything for you.Except...she makes you feel stupid sometimes. Oh not on purpose, and not all the time...you just find you have trouble communicating. She's got a waaaay higher vocabulary than you. She doesn't always explain things to you - you have to figure it out on your own. She's kinda needy sometimes. She's dainty and you worry she'll get hurt. And her parents...the less you say about them, the better.Still, none of those things are deal-breakers. Far from it, even though she's out of your league, she's so open to whatever you want to do that you forgive the flaws. Because most of time, everything is wonderful, and you can't imagine life without her.That's what owning a Galaxy S4 is like.The S4 is the Swiss Army Knife of phones. It does everything. The only feature it lacks is an FM tuner. Yes, some phones do certain things better. Some are a little faster, some have a little better camera, a little better screen. But the S4 does all things well. The screen is fantastic. The camera is very good. It runs any app you can think of. It has tons of space and has an SD card slot. The battery is swappable. The call quality is pretty good. Samsung's TouchWiz interface, while not as pretty as HTC's, is more pure Android than others and it's functional and flexible. It has more sensors than you knew you needed. Accessories are easy to find because this phone is so popular - and there's a reason for that. It's a fantastic phone.The cons, really, are not so much cons as tradeoffs. The phone is light because it's plastic - you're gonna want a good case for insurance. Battery life when all the bells and gizmos are turned on is mediocre. And maybe the speaker phone quality is only ok. Physically, those are only things wrong with it. Also, AT&T;, like pretty much all mobile companies, is evil, but maybe more evil than most. Just stay low and get the right plan.Really, the biggest gripe I have with this phone is that it makes me feel like an idiot sometimes - and I'm not the dimmest bulb in the package. It has soooo many features and you will never use them all. You'll never use more than three or four of the included Samsung or AT&T; apps. The coolest features won't work the way you think they should work unless you dive into the sub-sub-submenus and look for tutorials online. The phone will randomly do things you didn't ask it to - but it's your fault, because you did a swipe when you should have flicked.She's a wonderful woman, the S4, but you'll never truly understand her.If it sounds like I'm coming down hard on the S4, I'm not - far from it. I love that it has features I've only begun to discover (I've had it just over a month). I gave it 5 stars because I really don't care that I don't know everything about this phone - the mere fact that it CAN do all those things is amazing.Yes, she's amazing, that S4. Now if she'll just quit making me feel stupid all the time...

nice specs, though if I wanted a phone that brings the same things as an iphone, why wouldn't I buy an iphone instead? oh right.. ios and itunes.. hmm.. so if I want an iphone with android I should get this phone, though it comes with a load of bloatware that nearly renders useless the high specs, or maybe buy anything else that fits my own needs and not just because it has the same things as an iphone though is not an iphone..They should stick to making the note 10&#34;, which seems the only thing they seem to be getting right.

Background story.  I bought this phone with the expectation that it would be a significant upgrade to my Samsung Infuse 4G, a cell phone which AT&T; ceased to support all of six months after I purchased it.  Only through rooting the 4G was I able to keep the Android operating system up to date, thanks to the hard work of many folks at XDA developers, including Cyanogen Mod and particularly Scott Hart's Beanstalk ROM.  Thanks to the ability to modify my phone, and the work of some brilliant developers I was able to maintain a decent level of satisfaction with the product and with AT&T;'s service for the duration of my service contract.This phone is definitely an upgrade, and is quite top of the line.  Unfortunately, AT&T; has chosen to update the firmware for the Galaxy S4 such that effectively installing a recovery method, essential to installing ROMS safely and natively, is exceedingly difficult.  This phone has a lot of potential, and based on AT&T;'s update and service record on my previous phone--virtually nonexistant--I trust the ingenuity of folks at XDA, who do Android with passion an enthusiasm, much more than I do the folks at AT&T;, who seem primarily concerned with planned replacement and selling phones.  The phone also came with more AT&T; bloatware than ever before.  On the one hand, AT&T;'s network is excellent, but on the other hand, AT&T;'s business model limits the carrier to 2 stars.The phone itself is worthy of five stars.-Sound is excellent-the speaker produces incredibly high quality sound at a great volume, and the headphone output is easily comparable to my iPod.-Many thoughtful features go into this phone, including a home button, which is handy.-Some of the features such as intelligent scroll, intelligent pause and such seem like they have a few kinks to be worked out, and it is not available for all apps.  The stock browser supports it, but Chrome does not, for example.-The display is beautiful and sharp, easily rivaling the iPhone retina display.  The larger screen makes for a considerably larger phone, but its thinness actually compensates well for that.-The microSD card is in its own slot, not clustered with the SIM card and battery as in the Infuse, making the microSD hot swappable, which is a very nice touch.

I had the Samsung Galaxy Note 2 and switched to AT&T and bought the S4. I thought the N2 was a good phone, but this one is even better. You still have the S note but use your finger to write on the screen or use text. The battery lasts me over 16 hours a day. The dispaly is 1080P instead of 720P, AT&T's LTE is so much faster then what I had with Verizon. The smart scroll and hover options are fantastic and there isn't much you cannot customize. The only draw back I belive is the camera. It takes great shots but the eraser mode is not what it's crakced up to be. Also when including yourself in a photo it puts you in a postage stamp type frame with the other people. Overall this is really a great phone.

This phone is so awesome, I love it! Thanks Amazon. It works really well it met my expectations. Wouldn't change it For the world.

I upgraded to the S4 awhile back and so far, I have no significant complaints.SPEED: Navigating menus, apps, browsers, etc. on the S4 is incredibly smooth and fast. There is no noticeable lag or hesitation when jumping from screen to screen, opening apps, returning to the home menu or turning the display on or off. I already have mine loaded with apps and it has had no noticeable negative impact. Scrolling through the browser, apps menu, etc. has a very smooth look as well. The interface is easy to navigate. I probably prefer the standard Google/Android interface, but Samsung has come a long way with their TouchWiz interface and I really like the UI they've packaged on this phone.PHYSICAL: Thin and sleek. The phone itself has a solid feel to it, much less "cheap" feeling than previous Galaxy devices. It is trimmed with a metal band and has a solid feel in your hand. The back of the case is plastic, but streamlines well with the rest of the device and doesn't give it a cheap feeling. One complain would be that the mini-USB port is on the bottom. I like them better on top next to the earphone jack, where it is more out of the way for me.CAMERA: I love the camera on this phone. The photos come out crisp and clear with the automatic settings and there are a variety of built in editing options and a flash. It also takes very, very good HD video.SPECIAL FEATURES: The S4 comes with some really cool features souch as Air Preview, S Beam, and a variety of Smart Screen options. Some of these are more of a novelty for me, like the Smart Scroll which allows you to scroll up and down web pages with your eyes instead of touching the screen. The air sensor options are something that I've actually found myself using frequently though. These allow you to manipulate the screen by waving your hand over a sensor instead of actually touching the screen. I have used it frequently navigating the browser, browser tabs and photo gallery. Since my fiance' has the S3, the S Beam comes in handy too. Like I said, these features are really neat, but for most users I would guess some of it is just a novelty.DISPLAY: This is my favorite part of this phone. The bright, vivid display is really something else. I watch a lot of Netflix and YouTube on my smartphone and this large, crisp display makes it a more enjoyable experience. It also makes for a better reading experience, whether it be e-books or e-mailed documents. The display is just great.SOUND: Sound is decent. You can listen to music loud and fairly clear via the devices built in speaker without earphones. I really like the Samsung brand earbuds that come with the device and the listening experience is better with those.CONS: Not much here really. As I said, I like the look of the regular Android UI more than TouchWiz, that's just me though. S-Voice clearly needs some work. The back casing isn't solid black, but rather a black/silver checkered pattern. Would look sharper in solid black. Would like a moveable home page "apps" icon. The persistent wifi status in the notification tray is annoying (you can get ride of it temporarily with a long press and force close, or through options provided by the development community). It just isn't necessary when you already have a wifi icon on the status bar. Most of this is minor stuff and can be remedied with various customization features offered by the development community.OVERALL: I absolutely love this phone. I research and test extensively before purchasing new smartphone devices and this is the best device out there right now in my opinion. From entertainment to productivity, it does everything I need with all the things I want in a smartphone.

I've been a Samsung fan since the Galaxy S2 and after being an owner of an S3, I didn't expect anything much except for taking advantage of my upgrade option. The S4 just blew my mind in terms of design and the extra Samsung features. I was hesitant to let go of the S3 but with the S4 coming out in black, I can't miss this version and got more than what I expected. This actually combines the feel of the S2 and the S3 look. It's durable plastic but doesn't feel cheap at all. I always use a TPU cover to get better re-sale value later so I'm not really worried about the plastic material. Besides, comparing this with the HTC One case material, that aluminum will just scratch easily and can never be fixed after.

What can I say, I love my phone.  It is everything I wanted or was told would be in the phone.  Fantastic purchase from Amazon.

I had a lot of battery problems with my original Galaxy S, ending up buying 2 spare batteries and sometimes needing to use all 3 batteries in a single day.  Before buying the S4, I read reviews about its great battery life, and that's the only reason I considered purchasing another one.Well, no.  I have had poor battery life issues, often running through the battery in 10 or less hours of mostly just standby time.  My husband's Nokia Lumia 920 will go for DAYS without recharging, I can barely make it through a whole workday.Also, I had owned this phone for literally 3 days when I had run through the entire battery and then it would not charge.  It was cycling through this process where it would light up the screen, show the empty battery, go black, and then repeat.  In the course of less than six weeks of ownership, it had multiple events where it would not take a charge, the LED charging indicator would not light up, etc.  My favorite was where I plugged it in and it would vibrate every 3 seconds, endlessly, but not take a charge.  I switched cables and tried a spare battery.  The phone would vibrate when I plugged it in, so it was getting current, but it would not take a charge.  I belatedly found lots of other people with the &#34;S4 won't charge&#34; problems I've experienced.  The advice was oftenSo when it finally gives up the ghost, after 40 days of ownership, AT&T; will only send me a refurbed phone and not a new one, and wanted to charge me for expedited shipping to get it to me.Bottom line is that I like the phone, when it works.  But the battery problems are obviously problematic.

The reviews are true, AT&T and Samsung have created possibly the best phone I've ever owned - keep up the good work!

I didn't want to let go of my Galaxy S2 with extended battery and when it started giving me all sorts of hardware issues (after 10ths of drops) I was seriously considering repairing it or buying a used one.  Alas, all the mentioned options would have proven to be quiet expensive.  But when my S2 started having issues charging I had to upgrade.I was extremely skeptical of the S3 large screen size and S4 was for me completely out of the question.  I was considering buying HTC One but after reading the SAR comparisons I had no choice but to go the Samsung route again.  Many people are unhappy about Samsung plastic design but the truth is that plastic design gives a lot of advantages: lower SAR emissions, lighter, more impact resistant, removable battery and SD slot.  The truth is once you put a case on the phone and I would implore you to do so the body material no longer matters much.However, when I got to the store and discovered that Galaxy S4 overall size was the same as S3 and only the screen size inside had changed there was no point going with the outdated and inferior S3 phone.Pros:+Mechanical home button (like iPhone) - this provides an easy way to wake the phone instead of using the power button like on S2+LED showing different events and status of the phone (like charging status, various events status of missed calls, new messages and so on)+Large screen (despite being extremely skeptical about it, I love the larger screen and it still fits into my regular sized pockets).+Split screen mode (with this large screen you can run multiple apps side-by-side !!)+Great keyboard with numerical row always displayed (thanks to the large screen)+The phone is very fast+GPS lock is very good+Even without GPS enabled the phone is capable of determining its position fairly accurately and very quickly+Battery life is reasonable (Galaxy S2 standard battery life was abysmal)+Voice recognition - astounded at the level of the voice recognition - it is definitely no longer a gimmick+Loud speaker with little distortion+Two built-in microphones (I can talk to people with my phone on the desk in the speakerphone mode with no problems)+Vibration feature when you pick up the phone and you had a missed callCons:+No dedicated search button like on S2 (it is not a dealbreaker but the button saved many useless clicks and motions in OS and apps)+Navigating the UI is harder with the larger screen by using only one hand+A lot of the touted extra features such as Smart motion, smart stay, smart pause and so forth are mostly gimmicks due to poor implementation or redundancy

This phone is amazing. 48 hour battery life, beautiful screen, fast processor. There are two downsides:AT&T; has crippled this phone by locking the bootloader. There is now a workaround, but this sort of behavior should not be encouraged. Also, the amount of software pre-loaded on this phone is unbelievable. Why do i need at&t; navigator when google maps also exists? why does samsung require their own app store? the list goes on.I have loaded CyanogenMod (an aftermarket firmware) on my S4. It now runs fast and smooth, gets amazing battery life, and my app drawer is clean. With some modification, this is the phone of my dreams. Too bad AT&T; doesn't seem to put their customers first.

After playing with a co-workers S4 and seeing how much better it was than my S3, I had to upgrade again.Battery life, speed, reception, call clarity, and the screen make this a MAJOR upgrade from an S3. You wont be disappointed!!!

It's not as great as people say I can't text it blocks most of my contacts to me its a hassle I can't talk for long the cell beeps better with an I phone this cell is made sloppy at times I can't hear my cell ring

Love this Phone, hated my Iphone....so far so good...still learning all the applications on this little wonder..the battery doesn't last too long, but is better than  the Iphone

Best phone I have ever had, camera works good,  does not bomb out and require rebooting, display is really clear, battery last at least one full day

I had an Iphone for 6 years so I was a little worried about &#34;jumping ship&#34; to an Android. I really wanted a bigger screen. It took me two  weeks to talk myself into it but I'm so glad I did. It has a quite a few nice features that the Iphone does not and the 1080 display is awesome for movies and games.

No complaints so far, but I'll update my review as time goes on! Very impressed coming from an iPhone 5.

Great phone does everything I need it to and more.Samsung has it going on makes  android even better than apple

Firstly, the 16gb as advertised is actually closer to 9gb. I bought the phone knowing this so it will not affect my score.Went from iPhone 4 to this and some how the old phone has much less stutter all throughout than this top of the line phone. Android is laggy at the simplest of tasks for some reason. There is also no good podcast or music manager out for android currently, or at least none that meet my standards.However, even if it is laggy, it still gets the job done very quickly. The screen is amazing and the colors seem better than real life. The customization of Android is unbelievably fun, and, overall, I get a better more ergonomic experience with this device over my old iPhone. So much so that I do not care about the terrible animation frame rates.Sadly, all of its good qualities do not replace the amazing mp3 player I had in the form of my iPhone. It's a wonderful device otherwise.

I like the samsung phones. I had 2 before purchasing this one. Loved my 2. So far this one is good. Lots of new features. Still learning how to use it. So far tho im glad I got it.

Best available android mobile, I moved from iphone to s4, I stopped spending my time on tablet, this phone replaced both tablet as well as iphone. Great Camera, good for reading books and watching videos. Far better than iPhone.

I got this as a gift for my husband and it has been everything I had hoped. Very customizable and has an easy setup. He loved it!!! Seeing that it was his first time ever using a Smart Phone of any sorts..... it's easy to navigate through.  Has all the features of an andriod with alot of it's own built in app's that are not too bad. The camera is great and video quality is great as well. The resolution is crystal clear. The operating system works flawlessly so far with no need to restart the phone or any UI crashes which I had experienced with previous smart phones. It comes with a very nice set of headphones with a mic and volume control with extra earbud covers. The headsets where white.  USB charger comes with it as well and has a decent length to it.  The Phone itself is very thin and light. The cover on the back was a little hard to get off to put the battery in without feeling like your gonna break it.  I can't really find anything to say negative about it at all.  It's a great phone.

I am so happy with this phone, the photographs are amazing, and easily taken with the mode options allowing panoramic to action shots to be easily dialed in. I love the system management screen that slides down to put all settings easily available. I havnt added a card but im happy that this phone is easily expandable to 32 gigs, overall this is a great phone.

Within 6 months of buying my new Samsung Galaxy S4, the battery would not hold a charge and the device became VERY hot when used. I returned it to Verizon and would only be given a refurbished replacement. Within 4 months of getting the replacement, the device is again having problems with charging. The hassle associated with these problems is not worth the otherwise good device that it could be. Unless you want to constantly be replacing the phone and reloading all your applications, buy something else. There seem to be ton of similar reviews with this problem noted out there.

It is a great phone but it has heating issues. Battery temperature varies for 23 to 35 degree centigrade (33 to 95 def F). Phone temperature itself may vary from 70 to 101 deg F. These are not any specs but approximates, I observed in my phone. I am putting those here that folks get better understanding on it.There is lot on web about heating issues on S4 but nothing much is specific. You may post experiences with yours in comments section.Battery life good (comfortably whole day) but you may have to use power saving mode and some battery saving app. App will close things like Wifi, Mobile Data etc when screen is off.Overall phone is not perfect but one of the best smartphones available in the market

I finally made the switch from being Iphone user for years (since 1st gen Iphone). And I am extremely satisfied with the S4.In my opinion, it has better display, faster, easier way to transfer files and longer battery life. Plus, it has tons of features that beats any competition.I can't really say anything bad except I have to replace all my Iphone accessories I owned throughout the years.

Love the- ultra sensitive screen- build quality- memory expand ability- awesome camerawish for- better standard battery life- baked in ruggedness to eliminate need for a cover

So far I definitely like this phone.First thing I noticed is how light it is- there is very little weight, even with the battery in it.It has a lot more surface area than any phone I have ever used, but it's very thin. I can get used to how big it is.Camera quality is very good.Voice command system is pretty neat.Still getting the hang of some of the 'smart' features which monitor your face movement to control the device.Only thing I don't like about it is (and it's not a deal-breaker) that I can't change the sound it makes when tapping the screen. It can be toggles on or off, but not changed.What sold it for me:- Android OS is fast and reliable.- Excellent camera / video quality- Expandable storage space (big deal for me)- Very thin and sleek (i've always been a Motorola Razr fan for this reason)- Fairly inexpensive (with a contract)- Processor is ridiculous (and I mean that in a good way.. it's got a better processor than most tablets)- Wifi- Supposedly good battery (I haven't had it long enough to judge for myself)

When it happened to my friend, I thought it was user error, but when it happened to me 3 weeks later, I had to apologize to him for not believing him.There is a design flaw in this phone, that causes the layer under the glass to crack, and renders the phone unusable.  If you look up Samsung Galaxy S4 glass problems on the internet, you will see a slew of reports where people say the same thing.  They put the phone in their pocket and when they took it out, it was cracked and not working.At first, it looks like there the glass is broken, but under further inspection, yo can see that the micro layer underneath the glass that does the display, has been stressed and cracked.  It always seems to happen in the same place, the top rght side near the camera lens.Avoid purchasing this phone, or you will be left 6 months later needing to use the insurance or pay 200 bucks for a replacement

Tough not to love this phone - even if it's my wife's. We are now a family complete - both with Samsung Androids. The number of convenience  features, including the larger screen on the S4 make this phone a delight for us seniors. Plus we needed to Google &#34;twerking&#34; ..no problemo with 4G LTE. Man, this is living.

I had the Samsung Galaxy S II for the longest time and just recently upgraded to this phone.  Absolutely love it.

With all the reviews out there, I don't feel it neccessary to review this phone again. So rather, I provide my personal opinion of this device which in one word, is AWESOME.I'm sure Barney Stinson himself would agree.

I DO LIKE IT.  IT HAS BEEN A BIT OF LEARNING NEW THINGS.  JUST PRIOR TO THE S4 I HAD THE NEW BLACKBERRY Z10. THERE IS NO COMPARISON BETWEEN THE TWO AS FAR AS I AM CONCERNED.

The price from AT&T; was just right, the screen looked tantalizingly big, and I kinda like Android over the iPhone.But if Samsung intended the Galaxy 4 to be the iPhone killer, they have much more ground to cover. Don't get me wrong, the basics are just fine. Slim body, large screen, good battery life for a smartphone, when paired with the Battery Guru software, standard Android features. In short, its one heck of a smartphone, if you're into using Google (gmail, search, voice, etc) for everything.The disappointments are in areas where Samsung tried to innovate beyond the current smartphone paradigm. One much-ballyhooed feature involves tilting your head to get the screen to scroll up and down. After a few minutes of trying it, my luddite daughter, who was in the same room, took great delight in asking if I was having a seizure, seeing my head bob up and down at random. Well, so much for that, but there's another feature where you can tilt your phone to get it to scroll. That works. Most of the time. A third doodad has you waving your hand over a sensor to scroll up and down a page. Now this I mastered, though I suspect my colleagues often wonder why I feel the need to swat imaginary flies off my smartphone so frequently.Yet another feature allows you to see a preview of your email by pointing your finger at it. Similarly, one can get a preview of the contents of an album. But, it seems downright silly to point to my smartphone, inches above the screen, as if I was about to release a bolt of force lightning on the Gorilla Glass.Even when it works, most of the finger pointing and hand waving stuff only works on Samsung's additions to Android -- the browser and email apps in particular. The sensors haven't been integrated into the OS, and therefore no other app is aware of their existence.I had high hopes for the infrared blaster on the device, hoping to use it as a universal remote. I have a Logitech Harmony that I bought off ebay, and which has worked perfectly for our home theater for over a year now. Alas, here too, the Samsung excites, only to ultimately disappoint. The software does not recognize my Sony CT 100 sound bar. Given that the sound bar is also an HDMI multiplexer that mediates between cable, Blu-Ray and Roku, not being able to use this makes the whole universal remote thing rather useless.Being on the rather well-nourished side of things, I figured I'd use the Samsung health application to lose a few pounds. Here again, it took my height and weight (the latter being a growing number), and... did absolutely nothing with it. I was asked what my calorie target was. Well hello, shouldn't the app be telling me what my target ought to be? I could use the smartphone as a pedometer. But seriously, do you want a 700 dollar gadget rattling around in your pocket when you take a brisk walk or run? A $30 omron pedometer will do fine, and is much less risk.Another annoyance is the amount of bloatware that both Samsung and AT&T; have decided to pile on. Much of this is a duplication of stock Android software (for example, Samsung's audio/video stores).So, I'm back to using the Galaxy 4 as a big, generic Android phone, with some pluses like a thin body, an SD card slot, and a replaceable battery. Nothing wrong with that. I like it. But not one of Samsung's new features is good enough to be satisfying.

I had Galaxy S3 and then tried HTC One for a few days to finally exchange it for S4 Black. It has a more sleek and polished design than S3 but comes short in front of HTC One with aluminum body. So why did I give up on HTC one? Because if you google "gap in HTC one" you'll see the same issue I had which gave me the reason to return (Glued parts to the Aluminum body is not always done perfectly!).In my opinion, Galaxy S4 is a very practical phone because: 5" Display is perfect for surfing internet and watching movies, sleek and light weight design, speedy CPU, 2GB RAM (1.78 GB available), Excellent Camera, Very good battery life and very good call quality. What more do yo expect? I agree that "Touchwiz" which is SAMSUNG's skin (User Interface) on top of the stock android is less polished than HTC sense, but for me it was simpler and more practical to use.You may not use all the features with all the bells and whistles, but for sure there are more useful features than any other phones in the market right now.Some complain about Battery heating during charge, I agree it warms up a little, but surprisingly the charger is a 2.0A charger which can give the charge to S4 big's battery in about 1.5 hr or so! It charges really fast, and perhaps that's the reason for a little heat.S4 vs S3 is not like day and night, but it had many useful/practical improvements which gave me the reason for the upgrade.

great phone, i like the big screen, Air View is great, Air Gesture is another great feature.Overall very satisfied with my phone.

My old Android was great but the charging port burnt out and it was time to replace the phone. I chose this phone mostly because it had a nice, large screen and all the basics.  I think it will take a little getting used to because it is absolutely LOADED with features and apps. This phone will require some study on my part if I am going to make optimal use of it.  So surprised and pleased that it comes with earphone. Right now I think this phone is a 5-Star but if it turns out to be less than that I will amend my review.

Amazon had the best price and the transaction went smoothly!  I had a S2 before and the S4 is much better as far as preformance and also battery life.  Would recemmond to anyone wanting a fantastic smartphone!

nice

Great phone!  Large screen, thin and easy to use.  Lots of cool bells and whistles.  This phone replaced my Samsung Galaxy S2.

This is my 3rd smart phone.  I previously had the iPhone 4 and wanted a bigger screen and was tired of having to update my phone and add music via iTunes.  The Galaxy S4's screen is a nice upgrade in quality and size compared to my iPhone.  I debated getting the Galaxy Note and was glad I did not because I prefer to use my phone one handed and would not have been able to since I have smaller hands.  I benefited from the phone right away when I was able to load all of my music in about 10 minutes as it would've taken me several hours using iTunes. I'm also enjoying the Android operating system since it's my first experience working with it.

better technology and an amazing phone, love the features and getting to learn new things every day on this phone

My son wanted this phone. He loves it. I also bought the billfold case to go with it and he loves both.

I am very satisfied with my new phone. I just have to figure out all of the features on the phone!

UPDATE#1: The battery life seems great, better than on the S3 even though the screen is larger and has a higher resolution than the S3. When I had my S3, I used to lose about ~3-5% of battery every two hours or so but with the S4, I seem to lose about ~1-2% so that's awesome.  The phone comes with a ton of bloatware from AT&T;(I don't know about other carriers but I assume it's the same) and the only way to get a good battery is by removing all the bloatware.  I was getting terrible battery life when I first got my phone but after reading online it seems that everyone suggests removing the bloatware for batter battery life.  Like I said in my review, the snapdragon 600 uses very little battery when it is not being used so that's a big plus. I'm a heavy user and when I say heavy user, I mean heavy user. I do pretty much everything on my phone from taking a crapload of pictures/videos, watching YouTube videos, playing 3D games, phone calls and surfing the internet. At the end of the day the phone has about 30-35% of juice left.  Also, one thing that I forgot to mention was the speakers on the phone. Samsung decided to move the speakers which used to be at the top near the camera on the S3 to the bottom of the phone which wasn't a good idea if you ask me. You can block the sound coming from the phone when holding the phone with your hand.----------------------It's been a week since I got my Galaxy S4 and this thing is super awesome.  My previous phone was the S3 which I loved to death and this time I'm super excited to have the S4 in my hands.  I had absolutely zero issues with the S3 but the S4 looks so sexy with the metal edges.  I seriously don't understand why people buy an iPhone because let me tell you that the Galaxy S4 blows the iPhone 5 out of the water and every other phone out there. The Galaxy S4 wins hands down in every category compared to the iPhone 5.  I was blown away by the performance of this phone. The Snapdragon 600 is blazing fast and uses far less battery than the S3.  I can get through the day with a single charge and still have 30% left at the end of the day.  I'm a heavy user so this says a lot about the phone.  Even my family who loves the iPhone is blown away by this phone.  My family just loves the big screen and the customization that it has compared to the iPhone 5. There are many reasons why I decided to go with this phone over the other smartphones on the market but the main reason is the screen size, camera, storage, processor and the battery life.These are some of the things that the Galaxy S4 has over the iPhone 5 and other high end phones:Pros:-Screen: The Galaxy S4 has a nice 5 inches Super AMOLED HD screen that makes everything stand out when viewing it. The resolution on this phone is a nice 1080 x 1920 (441ppi pixel density) which makes everything look sharp.  The Gorilla Glass 3 is also much better at preventing the screen from cracking and scratching.  I tried to scratch the screen with my car keys and nothing happened to the screen, impressive. It has a significantly higher resolution than the iPhone 5 (640 x 1136).  Also, the iPhone 5 is only 4 inches which is way too small for most people.-Android OS: This phone ships with the most up to date version of Android, Android 4.2.2 (Jelly Bean) which is the fastest Android version yet.  Samsung has added many new features to TouchWiz which is great. I'm not really a fan of TouchWiz but it seems that they have made many improvements to the UI.-Design: The design is sort of the same as the S3 which I have no problems with. The S3's design is sexy and very comfortable to hold in your hand and the same goes for the S4. If you loved the S3's design then you will love the S4's design even more, trust me.  The phone feels a little bit lighter and thinner which is great. It has a nice feel to it that makes you want to hold the phone.-Camera: The primary camera on this phone is 13MP (4128 x 3096 pixels) and the front camera is 2MP that takes some of the best pictures I have ever seen. The front facing camera is great when you are Skyping or even taking pictures of yourself.-Battery: Samsung has decided to improve the battery capacity in S4 to 2600mAh that can easily last a full day with a single charge. I can get through a day with a single charge and still have 30% left at the end of the day. The battery life is one of the most important aspects when deciding which phone to buy for me because I travel a lot and I need a phone that can last a full day. My previous phone which was the S3 needed at least 2-3 charges to last through a day. The Snapdragon 600 does an outstanding job at using as little battery as possible.-Storage: With the option of an external sdcard, this phone simply destroys the iPhone 5. I can store as many pictures and HD videos as I want and it will never come close to being full. I am the type of person who stores large collections of pictures, videos, and movies and this phone lets me do all of that easily.  I also play 3D games that require a minimum of 1-2GB of space and this phone is perfect for that.-Processor: The Qualcomm Snapdragon 600 (Quad-core 1.9 GHz Krait 300) does an amazing job at keeping this phone lag free and blazing fast. I have never experienced a slow down with this phone. I have even tested this phone by playing intensive games such GTA Vice City on the highest settings and there were no slowdowns whatsoever. I am very impressed with the processor in this phone.-Removable Battery: Who doesn't love this, seriously? This and the option of an external sdcard make this the best phone of the year.  I always carry extra batteries whenever I travel somewhere and I can easily swap my battery with another one when the phone is low on battery. This is a big plus for this phone. Sucks to be an iPhone user!Cons:-None. As much as I want to think of something bad to say, there's simply nothing negative about this phone.Overall, I can safely say that Samsung has another winner in their hands.  It's a great phone and it doesn't disappoint. With the amazing 1080p resolution, screen size, battery capacity and storage, this phone puts other phones to shame. The Galaxy S4 will be the best phone of 2013, mark my words!

This is my first smart phone and I absolutely LOVE IT!!!! It is easy to use and I love how it sync's my contacts with my gmail account. No more worrying about losing contacts when you change phones! I also am able to access my work email about and all of the contacts in my outlook. However, it is still separate from my personal account. I like that I can also used google voice to send free texts, rather than paying the $20 a month for an at&t texting plan. I actually like the size of the phone, I do not think it is too big. The battery lasts all day. I can check email throughout my day and still listen to Pandora at the gym. A few my coworkers have switched from the iphone to the S4 after I showed them all the cool things it can do!

Don't even read the reviews, go buy this phone now!! As soon as I touched this phone first thing i noticed was how premium it felt compared to the Gs3! The big screen is just Gorgeous! This alone made me update from the S3, I can't keep my eyes off of it!Everything works great and the batteries are easy to switch out so you'll always be charged without ever plugging in!!!Sure you will need to disable a few of the pre loaded services you won't be using so you can keep the amazing battery life to the max but this is an easy process and only will take a few minutes..Overall This phone completely blows away any competition! buy this phone today and you won't be sorry!

This phone appears to overheat causing the lcd to fail...there are numerous complaint on YouTube about the issue, if another one fails I will be requesting a full refund.[...]

So many issues,  where do I start? Frozen screens daily. Gets super hot when in use.  Keyboard is a joke.  Camera is mediocre.  This phone is not what it's cracked up to be.

This phone does everything I ever wanted.  Even works the TV.  I am totally thrilled after having it awhile.would recommend it over and over again.  Woo hoo!

This item was still selling for $50.00 at the ATT stores.  Could not ask for a better deal.  My daughter said that this was the best day of her life!

I don't even know why people compare the Galaxy S 4 to the iPhone 5. It's actually sad that some people are really sheeple. They follow without knowing why they do.I have had all models of the Galaxy S smartphones and the changes that have occurred from S to S4 have been tremendous. Unlike Apple's antiquated, stagnant software, with Android you can clearly see the evolution with each upgrade. Android 4.2.2 is a seamless, flawless, and easy-to-use interface paired with quick response time. I got a iPhone 5 (64GB) for free and sold it because I was so bored! Lol.I must admit that I preferred the design of the S 3 to the S 4 but apart from that I am ecstatic that I chose to upgrade now. The Samsung Galaxy S4 are a cut above the rest; innovative and futuristic right out of the box.One of my favorite features from day 1 has been Swype and now it is so perfect that I have nothing to complain about! With all the added new features; air gesture, smart stay, air view, and s beam I just can't seem to put my phone down!Thank you Samsung!!! :)

My boyfriend lovessss his new phone! Got it before we were even expecting it and its awesome. He switched from an iphone and the only problems he reported was the lighting ont he phone is not as bright. Also the keyboard and the autocorrect are different and makde it hard to text but he downloaded Jellybean keyboard app and its better now.

This phone is amazing! coming from an iphone then to a gs3, then to this i'll just say it's a big leap forward in thinking! so glad I left the shackles of apple and excelled my digital life!

Best phone ever.Will probably the S 5 when it comes out.Our whole family has S 4 phones(4).Just love this phone.

I was upgrading from another Samsung device with a single core processor and Android 2.3.  The S4 has really blown me away and convinced me I should upgrade more often.  The difference in speed of the apps is just something that you'll have to see for yourself.  The phone is large with a beautiful screen, and while the size takes a little getting used to, after a couple of weeks now  I've adjusted.  It still fits in my shirt pocket and it's very light and thin.  This thing is loaded with features, powerful hardware that can run any Android app with blazing speed, and very well designed Samsung apps that enhance and ease the use of the phone and even your own data and networks.  Samsung includes an app that lets you access and share data across all your devices that's very useful and serves a real use for those using Android devices on Windows networks.  I'm not sure if the S4 is considered a 'phablet' but it should be...  I was able to install Office 365 Mobile and it's actually usable.  Typing on this phone isn't nearly as challenging as the smaller phones.  I won't be writing any novels on it but I can open and edit documents as needed, and forward them to wherever I want, or save them to my Windows network storage.  Google has amazing document and spreadsheet capabilities built-in to Google drive too so don't worry if you don't pay for Office 365.  Browsing is fast and I've had no issues using the Chrome browser on this phone except that you can't close Chrome on the phone.  You need to keep a shortcut on the home screen to force close apps until that bug is fixed or you'll drain your battery.  Battery life is very good and  I can get a full day's use without worry.  I usually have about an 1/8 of my battery life left at bedtime and I'd say I'm a moderate to heavy user.  The camera takes pictures good enough to capture and share to your albums, but I don't think any professional photographers will stop carrying a better camera around.  It's great for the rest of us though.  Large beautiful screen, blazing speeds, useful built-in apps, good camera, and just under the 'too big to be a phone' margin...  This is a can't miss for Android users that want a great phone that can do more...  much, much more.

The device is sleek, light but sturdy. Not too small, not too big, just right. Works just like my Samsung tablet...very easy.

It is getting over heat while charging.It is getting heat while talking (i am not doing charge while talking) and my ears getting pain.

good product thanks is excelent Galaxy S4 is an incredible phone. I have been using this unlocked S4 for past 2 days helping a friend to migrate from iPhone 4S. My friend has been on iPhone and it also gave me a unique perspective. I used iPhone for couple of years and been using Android

Exchanged my HTC One for this due to the in call audio problem with that phone. I like this phone but it's not as awesome as my HTC one. There really is no wow factor to it but it works well and does the job.Update: Get a case for this phone, it cannot handle a simple 3 foot drop. I now have to spend $210 on a new screen. So much for those "torcher tests" that were on youtube showing the great strength of these phones.. Weak

I had to switch to an Android phone for work.  Had been using an iphone 4s for years.  So far, I have spent about 6 hours trying to learn how to use this phone.  So far, I can't figure out how to remove any apps.  There are so many I don't need but no way to remove them unless you go into developer mode and violate your warranty.  I can't hear the phone ring, it automatically synced all my gmail contacts and emails even though I didn't set that up as one of my accounts.  I use it for all my junk mail.  Still haven't figured out how to sync my music from my iphone.  Oh iphone, I miss your usability, smaller size and my music.  Only had the apps I wanted and Siri actually worked.Why does this have to be so hard....

Still haven't gotten the air and eye gestures to work like they say but i did get the phone to place a call while in text messaging by placing it to my ear. The thing i don't like the most about it is that AT&T sends you white accessories with it. White head phones, white usb cable and white charger. If i wanted white I would of ordered the White phone, But other than that the phone is awesome blows my older samsung phones out of the water hands down. The only reason for the 4 stars is cause of the white accessories.

So far I am happy with my cell,..It is everything they said it was,..I am still learning all of the features on it,...

Greatest phone ever.  My phone goes to work for me and it got me a raise.  I may never have to work again.

I bought this as an upgrade for my wife, who previously had the HTC Inspire. I also upgraded to this same phone (bought from Wal-Mart) a week later, coming from the Galaxy S2.Some time over a year ago, the orientation sensor stopped working on her Inspire. Despite everything I tried, I could not get it working again. Then not too long ago, she dropped the phone and cracked the digitizer glass. I replaced it, but messed up by not removing all of the old sticky that held the glass on. As a result, the new one kept coming loose and lifting up. Needless to say, she needed an upgrade.My GS2 still works perfectly fine, and at first I didn't feel a need to upgrade, kind of on the fence. But after using and seeing my wife's up close, I had to.Pros:- It has a larger 5" screen, which feels just the right size to me. The 1920x1080 resolution is awesome, especially compared to the GS2 and Inspire's 800x480.- It's thin and light, but feels solid. Not too wide either, despite the screen size, due to the thin bezel.- I also like the physical home button (capacitive touch on GS2 and Inspire)- LTE and NFC capability, which our older phones lacked- Charges fast with included power adapter- Battery has so far lasted all day for me on one charge- Faster hardware, which results in fast, smooth performance when using the phone- The IR blaster I really like, for controlling the TV and pretty much any other device that uses an IR remote- It takes great pictures for a phone, with a 13MP camera. Also has a lot of cool camera software features.- Still able to use an add-on microSD card for expanded storage, which is to include installed applications. The newest firmware enables this functionality, though third party apps can handle this as well, if root users (like myself) have not yet updated to the newest firmware.- I could go on with more, but that's too much. There are plenty of other nice software/hardware features, some of which may be really useful to some, and just gimmicky to others.Cons:- Not really a con, but I wish the basic version came more internal storage, such as 32GB rather than 16GB. Then the 32GB one could instead be 64GB, or 48GB possibly.- This doesn't bother me, but does some people. There is a little over 9GB of internal storage (of 16GB total) available out of the box, due to the OS and software installed on the phone. Not an issue for me, because of the ease of popping in an SD card.I tire of hearing people complain about the Samsung software, or "bloatware". If you find it gimmicky and/or not useful, DON'T USE IT! If you're worried about space and do not wish to use an SD card for whatever reason, root and remove/disable the software.This a great phone all around, and a worthy upgrade, especially if you have a phone 1 1/2 years old or older.

The only reason it's inside-the-park is because the Galaxy Note 3 is the blast over the green monster. The way I judge a smartphone's awesomeness is how easy it is to use, how well it integrates into your everyday life, and how it offers pleasant diversions for the down time. Using these three criteria, the S4 succeeds in all of them. The phone is extremely easy to use There has been much debate over which operating system is the best, with a large number of people criticizing Samsung's TouchWhiz as being clunky, outdated, and intrusive. I disagree. In my experience, TouchWhiz has proven to be fast, feature rich, and pleasant to use. Everything I do on a daily basis is quick and intuitive. Benchmark scores (Quadrant and Linpack) prove that, at least as far as the numbers go, the S4 equals or bests most other phones on the market. I would highly recommend this phone to anyone looking for a fast, well designed phone that easily handles whatever you throw at it.

It's a great phone, but I couldn't afford the &#34;Smart Phone Plan&#34; that At&T said I had to pay, so I had to return it before my 14 days were up.

While I initially purchased the HTC One, my dad decided to try out the Samsung Galaxy S4 and I'd say he made the better choice between the two of us. I ended up returning my HTC One not only because of the problems I had with it, but also in part because the SGS4 just offered a more complete package that I knew could last me at least a year or longer. I've detailed below some pros and cons after using the device for a few weeks.Pros- Bright screen with great viewing angles: While I can't sign off on the color reproduction, the brightness is definitely great along with the viewing angles. I don't really share videos with others often, but for those that do it's a great aspect of the screen to have. For the color-sticklers like me you're still getting a oled screen so colors are going to look over-saturated and have a certain pop to them that isn't true to life. But I'll admit it does have a certain visual appeal to it, and my friends that aren't that particular really enjoy it.- MicroSD cart slot and removable battery: The inclusion of the microSD card slot for me is a nice plus, since I can just load on a bunch of movies and tv shows to watch on the go (can't do that over the cellular network because of data caps). The removable battery means that you can swap it out if you want in the middle of the day, but I've never been one to buy multiple batteries personally. The nice part for me is that you can buy higher capacity after-market batteries, have the option of just buying a new battery when it starts to degrade over time, and do easy force resets by just taking out the battery. And for you secret agents out there, pulling out the battery is the only way to make sure the phone isn't being used to track you, turning it off isn't enough.- Great camera quality: Let me start off by saying that I think for overall mixed shooting environments from bright light to moderate light the SGS4 is the Android phone to beat currently. When you're talking about strictly low-light performance it is going to be 2nd place to the HTC One in the Android realm. I tend to shoot more during the day or in the evenings during sunset time. I'd imagine that most people tend to take pictures in a variety of lighting environments and for that the SGS4 is the better overall camera in my opinion. The higher resolution is nice to work with too if you like to crop images on your computer after taking them.- Solid software/device support: The SGS4 at present is the only one that's made the extra mile to build in extensive bluetooth support. In fact its the only bluetooth device I can use my fitbit flex with, because other Android phones haven't gone the extra mile in this area. If wireless accessories and the like are your kind of thing, I'd say Samsung is the way to go if you want to ensure support. Not even Google's Nexus line can boast this fact.Cons- Plastic design: There's no other way to put it, this phone just doesn't feel like a high-end device in my hand. Especially since I got to hold the HTC One in one hand and this one in the other it becomes all the more apparent that Samsung used cheaper materials to build this phone. On the plus side the plastic feels durable and likely to hold up well to drops and moderate abuse. Can't say that about the HTC One. Also the plastic design means that the battery isn't sealed in like the HTC One.- Still about average battery life: The battery life is just about getting me through my day, but I'm still packing an external charger and the charging cable with me. I just end up having to use them less often than I did with my HTC One when I had that. So yes while it's a bit better than the HTC One in my opinion, it's not exactly going to set any records. It's about what you're probably used to seeing with a smartphone these days and nothing more. I wish they'd integrate some giant batteries like Motorola does with their MAXX line of devices, but until then this is the best you can get. You can buy increased capacity batteries after-market to help alleviate the battery issue, though I can't comment on their quality or performance. My usage consists of streaming pandora to and from work, regularly accessing gmail throughout the day, watching a tv-show during lunch sometimes, about 1-2 hrs of phone calls, and regularly texting.- Useless Samsung software: Nearly all of the implementations that Samsung built in like S-voice and others feel either gimmicky and useless or intrusive with the native Android interface. There is just a overall cartoonish look to the UI and feels like an overall departure from the clean UI design of stock android and even the relatively-close-to-stock look of the HTC One. I'm not a fan, and I feel it makes the software look more childish with the brighter colors and more playful font choices. It simply doesn't look very professional. I do like the quick-access menu to settings from the control-bar pull-down but that's about it.- Software support: Samsung has a history of pretty much making their present flagship devices very old news when they launch their next device. They've been making some effort to provide faster Android updates, but as time goes on I can't vouch for what kind of software support they'll provide you. I'm a believer that if you buy a phone, it should be supported as is without you having to root or do any other work on your own. It's unreasonable to expect the average consumer to root their phones, and they shouldn't have to. Now that Android version 4.3 got announced we can see how long they'll take for an update.Overall, I'd say the SGS4 definitely fulfills the solid camera performance criterion, does well-enough on the display quality, and offers about average battery life with options to improve it without having to buy a bulky add-on case. While I have some reservations with the build-quality, it does feel like it'll handle some drops. Since this is my dad's phone I'm giving it back to him after using it for a few weeks. The question of whether I'll buy one for myself....probably not right now. But mostly because I've resolved to wait for the next Nexus phone whenever that's released. I have a Galaxy Nexus right now which works fine, so I'm in no rush to upgrade. But if I had to buy an Android phone today it would be the SGS4 - simple as that.

It is an awesome mobile with all great features except that its battery time is a kind of low. :)

You will be in two contracts: one for amazon and the other one for at &t.;  If you need to cancel earlier for any reasons, then you have to pay to early termination fee for both amazon & at&t.;  No special advantage is seen buying in amazon instead of buying directly from at&t.;As such phone is wonderful, only complaint is battery life.  I felt the phone is correct size.

The cell phone is very good sadly the At&T  service locations aren't accurate according to their website.  Though were I currently live works fine just was hoping I can use it in some areas were I visit to see family.  Its a tough area to get cell service there anyway.  Just disappointed in the lack of accuracy of the AT & T cell service locations.

Switched from the iPhone 5 and so glad i did.  I can do much more than the apple ios allowed me to do.  Don't get me wrong i still like the iPhone i just wanted a larger screen and the galaxy s4 provided that.

We have an iPhone 4s, a Galaxy 3 and a Galaxy 4.  If you already have a Galaxy 3 I can find little reason to update to the later version.  My opinion is that, for most users, if only the iPhone had a big, beautiful screen like the S4 I would stay with Apple hands-down over the Samsung.  Why? less complicated to use, better thought-out and engineered &#34;updates,&#34; build quality much stronger.  In every other way I've seen except for screen size, iPhone blows away the Samsung phones....but that tiny screen on the iPhone is a huge liability for anyone without excellent vision. It also seems to me that for most folks, the endless (and somewhat mindless) menus on the Galaxy phones might be fun for Geeks to play with, but only hugely confusing for the average user.  We had AT&T service for years and had no problems with their service, however after my last contract was up I canceled AT&T and went with Consumer Cellular and have had no regrets: same service as AT&T but much MUCH cheaper.  The Consumer Cellular Reps I've talked with have also been much more knowledgeable and helpful than the AT&T folks.  I have the 3 phones with 15,000 texts, 2 GB data and 2000 anytime minutes for $90/month, at least $50/month less than AT&T....and CC runs on AT&T facilities....check it out....month to month is the only way to go today.

Really great phone also really cheap, great quality screen the air controls are a bit funny havent got the hang of it yet however great deal for value.

Wanted something different from Apple, and I'm having a blast with this phone. It has all the features I need plus it provides more memory and flexibility.

So I've had this phone for about 3 weeks.  Its my first smart phone that I've ever had so I didn't have to many expectations as far as how a smart phone should work.  When I first got it, it was amazingly fast and I was very impressed with it.  However over this 3 week course I haven't used it to much for anything except for the occasional Google search and some Amazon as well as Facebook and a few other apps (all downloaded from trusted sources), and E-mail.  After the course of this though my phone has started to slow down when it comes to returning to the home screen and it wont load things as fast as before.  I was wondering if this was because of how hot the phone got when it was charging or else if this was normal (if it is I spent way to much for something a 300 dollar laptop could handle).  One other major question I have is if my phone could get a virus from some e-mails that it opens when I click on the notification.  Is that possible, because I researched into this and all the signs I've found point that it can only come from an untrusted  app and not just from some e-mail.  I did buy a 2 year insurance plan on my phone but I was just wondering if I should be worried.  I do my online banking with this thing!  I don't know if people can respond to this but I would really like an answer to this question.

Battery life = bad, dead after 8pm with moderate usagescreen = battery monster at viewable brightnessauto brightness = always too darkdelicatenotification screen (lock screen) poor compared to razrBloatware galore.  This thing is filled with Samsung apps, ATT apps, this app, that app.  Geez, isn't that what an App store is for? Let me download what I want.You pay $199 for the phone, then $400 more over the life of the phone with subsidies so they can fill it with their junk, which many of the apps are non removable.Ok, this is the killer.  YOU CAN'T TURN OFF NOTIFICATION OF NEW WIFI NETWORKS!!!  Are you kidding me?  Do you love to get an alert every time you walk past another house?  Wow Samsung, that is an amazing feature!  I say you buy and return this phone simply for this jerk move.  do it.My phone history, Galaxy S, iphone 4s, Razr M, S4.Razr M was the best phone by far.  Dropped it on concrete from 8ft numerous times.  The thing is a tank and just works.  And you can turn WiFi notifications off.Sorry, but this phone is going back for a Moto X.-----update - my friend at work has a T-Mobile s4.  By mid day he is 80% and I am 60%.  We have compared all the settings and he is running more apps! go figure.  We bought 2 of the s4 phones and they are used in different locations.  The other user is getting bad battery life too.  Not sure what ATT did, but T-Mobile s4 has better battery life.  btw, my co-worker is getting faster speeds on speedtest.net app using same server from same location.

I have been an Android user for years now, but switched to the Nokia 920 in December and regretted it every since. While the Nokia is an excellent phone hardware wise (the camera is amazing) the Windows ecosystem was miserable. No apps, boring, and it didn't play nice with anything Google. I couldn't wait for my contract to end, so I paid full price for this phone and haven't looked back. Samsung is a solid company and they make great devices and appliances. I've have two Samsung TV's, Samsung Washer/Dryer, Samsung HDD, Samsung Laptop, Samsung Monitors and a Galaxy Note 10.1 Tablet and the phone is the perfect addition to my Samsung lineup. Oh, did I mention it was Android. :)In the past I've had HTC, Motorola, Nokia and 2 Samsung smartphones and Samsung has always been my favorite. The S4 is a beauty to look at with it's large 1080 screen, is fast with it's quad core, and it takes great pictures with it's 13 Megapixel camera. It does suffer from poor photo quality indoors with low lighting, but otherwise it's on par with the Nokia 920. My only complaint is that Samsung doesn't allow you to access your camera or any of the other lock screen widgets if you use any kind of password protection. This is not default Android behavior, and I hate having to unlock my phone when I want to take a picture. I won't remove a star for that but would remove 1/2 a star if I could. It is rather annoying. Some people complain that it looks cheap with it's plastic design, but really who cares. This &#34;cheap&#34; designs allows them to make a super thin and extremely light phone (The Nokia was a tank) and besides, most of us slap a cover over it anyway. What difference does it make? To me it's more about what's inside that counts, and this phone can't be touched in that department.

When I first bought my phone the battery did not last, then when contacted him about the battery Him/Her sent me one for free. thank you again so much.

I've used many Android phones in the past and this is better than all of them.I've used the  Tmobile G1, the HTC EVO,  the Motorola Droid,  and HTC VIVID.and none have come close to this phone.The battery life is great, lasts longer than any of those previous phones.The performance is also quite good..The samsung keyboard is kind of annoying sometimes...but I got used to it...unlike iphone and other android keyboards it doesn't automatically correct misspelled words, but suggests them...once you get used to that its ok.  Plus of course you can change the keyboard...

I like this phone it's got a large led screen, decent battery life if i use power saving mode, and it can fit into most pant pockets. One issue that i noticed after rooting it is the bootloader is locked up tight and it's very difficult to get around it without risking a permanent brick if you want to install cyanogenmod or another rom, installing cyanogenmod for those that don't know will increase the performance of this phone and make it less cluttered with useless features and get rid of the lag that the stock rom has when playing some games or browsing the web. Overall though 4 stars for a free phone besides the $50 tax and $30 connection fee i had to pay for my new galaxy s4 upgrade phone.

I continue to hear great things about this phone. Mine freezes all the time and I have to restart it multiple times. Will see if amazon will send another piece.

I own a Galaxy S3 and purchased this phone for my wife but I have been using it also on and off and can say this phone is superior to the S3 and IMHO superior to anything else out there right now. Some of the reasons I feel this way:1. Of the new generation of smart phones that came out around the time this one did, this is the only one with capability to add a memory card which allows you to store more media on your phone.2. Has some very cool capabilities that are unique to this phone to include the use of the phone as a remote for your video/audio equipment and the capability of the phone to measure temperature and humidity to better keep track of your physical exercise.3. Much better battery life than Galaxy S3.4. Bigger screen, better than S3 yet lighter and physically smaller phone.My wife had originally said that she would take my S3 and I could keep the S4 when it came in but after seeing the phone and all the cool functions on it she decided to she wanted to keep the newer phone. Can't blame her because it is a beauty and has great functionality.

After reading the reviews and my wife with the same phone, she love's it and so I decided to purchase one myself, and it definitely a nice phone and I would recommend it to my friends.

This phone makes me a better person. It's light, decent battery life, good screen with great resolution, and totally intuitive to start using. A++.  I bought a lifeproof case to protect it and it's an awesome combo.

i dont know if i love this phone just because im switching from the restrictive apple iphone, but i appreciate how customizable the android OS is. i love the huge screen, though there are cheaper phones out there with bigger screens and comparable PPI. some of the features are a little unresponsive, such as the smart-stay and eye tracking features, but i dotn really use those anyway. if you are a heavy user like me, consider purchasing an extra battery, though even with heavy use (constant websurfing, music, email, media, and downloading) the battery lasts me about 10-12 hours.

This phone is great. The screen is nice, good size, fast, and has good battery life. The only thing that is annoying is all the bloatware Samsung puts in, and won't let you uninstall.

Does everything right out of the box.  Synchs your calendar and contacts from your PC. Very intuitive, easy to navigate, great camera.  Fast internal speed, great display, phone, email, and text messaging.  Take a picture and send it to your friends with two clicks.

Pros:- Speedy- Takes great pics- This thing is a gaming machine!Cons:- Speaker is weak!- Interface could look better- Pre-installed apps tend to drain battery life

A great phone.  All day and then some battery life.  Great screen, fast charger.  Annoying Samsung apps, but you really cannot get away from that these days.  THe TouchWiz is fine for me.  No worries there.

I had an iphone 4.  The phone was starting to freeze up and was real slow.  I upgraded to the Samsung galazy s4 and I love it!

I drop my phone at work on a carpet flooring and it crack on the inside of the screen.  Now I can't see anything on it.  It suppose to have a shatter proof screen on it.

I glad I changed from the I-phone, the galaxy phone was priced right, has a larger screen, lighter and easier to use

lots of features that we have never used  before and easy to learn and large screen and great color to see

On the whole, I'd have to say that I think this is one of the better Android devices on the market. I've used one from time to time and have helped several family members learn to use them and occasionally do minor trouble shooting for them, and they're really solid devices overall.One of the best things in Samsung's favor is that they take keeping their devices updated pretty seriously. The Galaxy S4 is in the process of being updated to Android 4.4, where some manufacturers seem content to toss an Android device onto the market and then pretend that they have no idea that updates are a thing that should be happening. This will be a less severe issue down the line, because Google is restructuring the operating system a bit to make it easier for them to handle updates themselves rather than leaving a lot of it to the hardware companies, but it's still nice to get something from a company who's serious about their obligation to provide a good experience even after they have your cash in hand.Other than that, this has a lot of nice features. The screen is good enough for just about anyone. It handles opening and running apps at a nice pace. There's a simplified interface that hides a lot of the apps and noise, which can be good for people who find smart phones a tiny bit overwhelming at times. You can use it with a Miracast tv/receiver to mirror the screen on a tv to show off things like photos and videos without asking people to crowd around a tiny screen. The camera is excellent for both photos and videos.The screen is just a bit large for people who put a very high priority on portability and using a phone one-handed. On the other hand, this size is just big enough to be reasonably comfortable for people who struggled with the teensy tiny touch keyboards on the earlier generations of smart phones. Whether you like the way Samsung makes Android look is a matter of personal taste. I like the Google Nexus devices just a little better, but Samsung's approach is a very long way from the worst that you can find on the market.On the whole, while this isn't my personal device of choice, I've been really pleased with them. I tend to be the person providing tech support for my family members, so I've used them many times and I've had the happy experience of not being stuck putting in a ton of time trying to get them to work as they should. I occasionally tweak a setting here or there and do little things like check to make sure everything's been updated properly, but on the whole the Galaxy S4's in my life have been about as close to trouble-free as any piece of electronics I've encountered.

With all the bells and whistles, this phone still lacks consistency.  "S beam" and "NFC" does not work to well as I have tried touching the back of my phone to the back of another Galaxy S3 & S4 to transfer pictures, music, etc. It would take at least 4-5 tries before it would finally work. The "air gesture" works fine, but i'm not a big fan of it. I would rather touch the screen to move on to the next page or photo instead of having to wave my hand. Either way I'm still using my hand and muscle so what's the big idea? As for the "Air view", it doesn't always detect my eyes and won't auto scroll down the page for me. I have an average size pair of eyes and not to small or to big. So that function sucks and useless. Now I would just have to scroll with my fingers instead. Next is the "Smart stay" feature. Now i tested that out on watching youtube videos and it doesn't always work either. This feature doesn't always detects your eyes. Now with the battery life. It seems to be draining a lot of battery when I'm play sudoku. Within 1 hour, it drained 30% of the battery and this phone of mine is only 2 weeks old. So again with all the bells and whistles this phone have. Not all of these GIMMICKS work as they had advertised and I'm not happy with that so I gave it a decent 3 star. If Samsung doesn't fix this, then my next phone would be the next new iPhone.

bought it during the thanksgiving deal and got this for a cent or a dollar i believe. I feel this phone still worth 150 bucks at that time. now i think you can get it for free but worth it.

I love the new Samsung Galaxy S4. It has many amazing features and it just never stop running or glitches. The software is as good as the hardware, which means a lot, since the hardware of the phone is what makes the software so amazingly fast, fluid, and seamless. I upgraded from a Motorola and I am never going back. Also, if you are worried about losing Smart Actions, like I was I recommend AutomateIt and ProfileFlow, although I have been told Tasker also works very well.

Phone was as described:  new condition, packaged well.  No issues between Amazon and AT&T.  All accessories, booklets, packaging and peripherals were included.

In the short time .I have had a blast the phone is a work of art It is magnificent.I'm learning something new every single day

El tel&eacute;fono se calienta mucho y no acepta la telefon&iacute;a de mi pa&iacute;s, no me funciona con ning&uacute;n chip, solo sirve para jugar me siento enga&ntilde;ado.The phone gets very hot and does not accept the phone in my country, I do not work with any chip, only play games I feel cheated

First of all, I've had this phone for two weeks, this was my first android phone; transitioning from an Apple Iphone 4. When I first got the phone, the box itself was gorgeous, it felt like it was nature inspired. The setup was easy but I had to make a Samsung account.Touchwiz on Android 4.2.2 is good, I like it, but remember it is always changeable.  The bloatware that it came with was really bad, it took up half the space, it's like actually getting an 8gb Galaxy S4. Even though you can buy a microsd card it only allows storage of photos, videos, but not apps. I actually returned the 16gb version and went ahead and gotten the more sizable 32gb Galaxy S4. All the neat little features it advertised work, but they still need to be more efficient through updates. I like the idea of being able to turn over the phone if you are listening to music or someone is calling you can just turn it over and not worry about going in and turning down the volume or accept the call. The camera is absolutely beautiful, it's the little things that count on this phone, such as being able to say cheese and it will automatically take a picture. The camera itself is 13 megapixels, it tends to make the picture better than actual reality which is crazy! The whole phone runs buttery smooth, from accepting a skype conference, to remote desktop connection via splashtop, and even playing Minecraft. This really is a great and powerful phone, with 4g Lte, the speed is crazy, I went to a cabin in Tennessee and got 50mbps download, thats faster than my wifi speed. Everything pops out right at you when using 4g LTE, like when you're typing in the search bar BAM! its already done loading! Also the fact that it came with AC wifi, which is next generation wifi speeds, I luckily have an AC router and this was the first device to utilize ac speeds of up to 1.75gb theoretically. The wifi is just as fast as the 4g LTE if not better. This phone is packed with so much stuff it's hard to tell all about it in a review, trust me if you buy this, you will be blown away by the overwhelming features and possibilities of this device. don't let that scare you though, the device has an option for easy mode which kind of dumbs down the phone but its great for first time android users. I like to take the phone head on and just explore it, but thats just tech savvy me!

Excellent deal :-)!!

8 Gb of the internal storage is dedicated to the OS and installed apps that cannot be removed.That leaves 8 Gb for use-apps can only be installed on the internal card. This does not leave a whole lot of space for media.You definitely need to buy an external card. I had some weirdness with my 32 Gb card-recognized it was a 32 Gb card, had used 9 Gb the phone said I only had 8 Gb left. I had to reformat the card in the phone to get my space recognized correctly.Battery life is good-97% at 9:00 AM, used throughout day with heavy video watching over wifi in evening, by 10:00 PM I was at 10%.Screen color saturation is not as bad as previous OLED displays from Samsung, colors look more natural.4 core processor, 2 Gb of RAM-phone runs pretty smoothly, apps open quickly.Most of the gimmicky air features do not work well, I have turned them off.Overall, a solid phone. A good next step from the S3.Update:Taking a star away for headphone issues.I have several pairs of high end earbuds, when I use them with this phone I get crackling and popping.It's not the material or the headphones, it's the default music/sound app.Apparently it's the phone itself. If you use low impedance headphone, below 19, at any kind of volume (above 7 for me) you get the sound problems.

Did not meet my needs thought I was buying the Galaxy Mega and recieved the Galaxy S4, I am in the process of reordering the Galaxy Mega today.

The phone is great and works wonderfully. My only problem is with the the messaging and phone dialer apps. They are so slow and look terrible. I wish we had the option of having the stock messaging and dialer apps from the Google Nexus phones.

The phone is awesome.  It exceeded most of my expectations and that was good.The bad part, it as apps that you cannot delete.  But that is just part of being on the AT&T; network with a Samsung phone.  Not a deal breaker for sure, just hate someone else has more control over MY phone.The other part that I do not like is the camera.  Most of the pictures are blurry and I have compared it to a few others who have an S4 and their pictures seem to be better.  Even when they took the photos. I have also compared it to other manufacture's phones (Motorola, Nokia) and they seem to be better than mine.  However the good part is that others that have the S4 seem to be just as good as the other manufacture's if not better.All and all, I wouldn't trade this phone in for another one.  The feel, the size, everything except the non-removable apps and the camera are just right.

has everything you need. happy i didnt get the S5. Great size and glad it came with headphones. upgraded from S2

I had never broken a phone, and after 4 years with iPhones that was a feat, dropped this phone once with a case on, just landed on that known sensitive corner, glass shattered. That's why I take away 1 star. Loved the phone otherwise, upgraded to a Note 3 after I broke the s4 though.

Took it back bc they shut my phone off trying to say my social didn't match my info. I got my phone money back but not my deposit only had it for 6 days so now I am going to the police station soon or I'm getting my lawyer to check on who stole my social number. If no one stole it I'm suing at&t for fraud lol and the point that they might have lied to me they should have just gave me my money back oh well well and or fix my account.

Amazon sells these in conjunction with AT&T. The phone is absolutely fabulous. The service does not provide much instruction. Like: you have to close background apps periodically. We did not know this, so used up all our data in five days.  Like: our text messaging (or MMS) does not work. AT&T has been working on it for a week and has not found resolution yet.

Excellent phone. I used to be an iPhone user but had an upgrade so decided to try an Android phone and the S4 is excellent.

This phone continues to impress me every day. I learn something new about it DAILY as I use it! It is the perfect tool for work.

A STEP ABOVE THE I-PHONE AND I REALLY ENJOY IT! EASY TO USE, FUN AND TRULY A GOOD PURCHASE! I AM ENJOYING THIS PHONE AS IT IS LARGE AND EASY TO USE!

When I first read all the reviews and new features about the s4. I thought it wasnt much of an upgrade besides the higher resolution 1080p screen. After owning this phone for almost 3 weeks I was very happy to find many more little improvements in the s4. Im just going to list everything to make this review short and sweet.ProsScreen is brighter for outdoor use than the s3. Although the screen is still not bright enough when compared to other smart phones, it is still an improvement from the s3.Battery life is improved from s3. With the s3 the best usage on LTE I could get was about 3 hours screen time and about 4 hours when on wifi. With s4 I am get an hour more of screen time on both. I have not got a chance to test the talk time with the s4 yet. But from the reviews I believe I can get the same as the s3 or more which is close to 11 hours of straight talk time.Wifi and network coverage is better than s4. I am getting coverage and faster speeds on both LTE and wifi.Phone is easier to hold in the hand since it is narrower, lighter, thinner, etc.Cell standby issue fixed from s3. When I had the s3 and used to go into battery usage stats cell stand by used to drain the battery more than anything else even when the phone wasnt being used. The only way to fix this was to flash custom roms. Xda has many threads about this issue. No longer an issue with the s4.Media card scanning issue fixed. With the s3 my large 64gb which was only half full used to drain battery and system resources when booting up. This is no longer an issue with the s4. The media card takes very little cpu usage and battery with the s4 on boot up.Improved Speaker with louder and audio and better quality audio. Although the s4 speaker doesnt have any thing close to what the htc one has. Its still an improvement from the s4. The placement of the speaker is better than the s3 but still gets in the way sometimes. The speaker should have been placed in the front like the htc one or on the bottom like the iphone 5.The screen is bigger and has a higher resolution than the s3. Reading, looking at pictures, playing games and watching videos is more enjoyable now than the s3.Ir blaster with remote app is a handy feature to have. Can control any tv, dvr, media device like an apple tv or blu ray player. The app also helps you decide what to watch and gives suggestions based on your feedback.Removable battery is the still one of the best selling features of this phone. No other phone on the market has this feature. I am a power user and love to be able to carry an extra battery with me. I dont want to always have to be tethered to power outlet whether in the car or at work or at home or on the go. This also allows the user to upgrade to an extended battery if they choose. The htc one, nexus 4 or the iphone 5 dont have this option and never will.Upgradable memory is the second biggest feature of this phone. Which allows the user to purchase a memory card as large as 64gb to the phone. This allows more storage for videos, music, pictures, documents, etc. The htc one, nexus 4 or the iphone 5 dont have this feature.Lockscreen missed called preview and sms preview. This is a feature apple and htc have had for a few years now. A feature I badly wanted in the s3 and now it has been added to the s4. I like being able to see how called me or see the text message by just waking up the screen and not having to unlock it or swipe down on the notifications. The screen also wakes up when there is text message now and reminds you every few minutes.Music player controls in the lockscreen for streaming apps like slacker, songza, pandora, etc. This feature was added to the s4 due to it running 4.2.2. This feature has been on the iphone for years now. You can now change the track or play/pause from the lockscreen without having to unlock the screen or swipe down on the notifications.Samsungs extra features nice to have I guess. I dont really use any of the newer features samsung has added to the s4. I find most of them gimicks that drain battery life. Most of them dont even work that well. I would probably use the feature that increases the screens sensitivity since I live in a colder climate. I could use this with my gloves to use the phone without having to take off my gloves in the cold. I already own a few pairs of touchscreen gloves. So again this feature doesnt really make a huge difference. Others may find some of these features very handy.ConsThe s4 has less than 10gb of app storage. This is due to the newer touchwiz interface and all the added features the s4 has. This probably would be ok, but, samsung advertises the s4 as having 16gb of storage. The 32gb verison of the s4 is also very hard to find and costs more. Samsung is working on this issue by making sure future updates take up less storage and samsung has also released an update which I havent received it yet. This update allows the user to move apps to the sd card. Once I receive this update and try it out, I will update this review. I currently have 120 apps installed out which 6 are games. I still have 4gb of app storage left on my phone. So If you dont play games that much you dont really need more than a few gigs of storage. But when compared to the htc one which has 32gb storage. I beleive it has close to 29gb of app storage. The nexus 4 has about 12gb of app storage and the iphone 5 16gb has about 12gb of app storage.As I mentioned before the s4 has a poorly placed speaker and it is only a mono speaker. When compared to the htc one and it is not even close to being good. But the speaker on the s4 is an improvement than the s3.The s4's screen is not bright enough. Especially for outdoor use. Again the htc one has a much brighter screen for outdoor use.The s4 does seem slower at times than the s3. Even though the s4 has a faster processor and is newer it seems to lag at times. This lag is noticeable more when swiping through home screens, opening apps and closing apps. I use nova launcher and it has made the s4 faster than using touchwiz but there is some lag from time to time. Many users and tech blog sites say the reason for the lag is the android version 4.2.2 which is running on the s4. Hopefully a future update will fix this issue.Overall a great phone. I probably wouldnt have purchased this phone If I hadnt dropped my s3. I was very happy with my s3 and had no issues with it. I still would have liked this phone to have a brighter screen, more app storage and better speakers.

This phone is absolutely awesome. There are so many cool options to choose from for everything you can think of. It is easy and fun to use. I have never spent so much time on a phone as I do with this one. There are so many setting options for the phone that actually work as advertised. Like the option to pause videos when you look away. The first thing I did was try it and it worked! This is by far the best phone I've come across. There are still so many cool things I'm discovering about it. Like the screenshot option, for example. Love this phone! I Can't stress that enough.

The product is exactly as described, brand new.And the price is amazing -  $0 with 2y AT&T; contractI love my new phone, it is awesome! Who buys iPhones anymore?!

I love this phone, luckily the firmware was still old enough that I could install clockworkmod recovery and allow custom roms to be installed.  Chances are now if you purchased it though it will have the more recent firmware from AT&T and as of now there is no way to install a custom recovery to allow custom roms.  I know they are working on a way to resolve this and there is a beta version that allows you to boot a virtual custom recovery.  Do your homework before you do if you plan on it.

Camera was nothing but trouble for first 3 1/2 months.  After many tries by Customer Service to fix it over the phone, had to send it back to Samsung for them to install a new motherboard.  Still didn't work after they returned it.  A chance upgrade on WiFi to all S4s brought it closer to what it was supposed to be except is Night Shot feature doesn't work nearly as well as it originally did.  Also, the phone settings used to continually change on their own and the touch screen is sometimes slow to respond, but either I'm getting used to it or it's mellowing out on its own.  All in all, it's pretty good: takes the place of a tablet in many ways and the camera with its on-board photo editing tools gives very good -- but not great -- results.  (Just don't forget to bring a portable battery with you; this thing consumes power like an alcoholic at an open bar.)But, wait! The S5 just came out!!!  So forget this one.

I like the black color over the white that my brother has but thats more of opinion.  Samsung knows where it's at!

Excited all my expectations. Fantastic quality camera.large screen. Better than a laptop . easily plugs into my 52 inch TV with HD.

I love this phone. Looks great, works great, is great in general. Big screen, great camera, every feature is great.

A month ago I would have rated this 4 or 5 stars. I loved this phone. Then Samsung pushed an update to &#34;enhance&#34; features. They disabled the features I was loving and push crap features down my throat to replace them. This is no longer the phone I bought, and it certainly isn't the phone I loved.

Phone has more bells and whistles than expected and I'm sure some that haven't been discovered yet. Decided on this phone after visiting 2 different phone stores and both salesmen had this phone.
