
Great phone, run smoothly, really fast response of the screen, memory is fine and the battery stamina mode really helps! Delivery was fast and the price was fair!

This is a great looking product and well package. Recycle friendly for does that watch out for this sort of manufacturing....

After careful reviewing the product I purchased this product from amazon. As a constant user for Sony Products, I've alwayed enjoyed the reliability and quality of their products as they will last along time. Sony Mobile website was about 50 dollars more and there wasn't much added warranty for buying directly from sony and paying 50 bucks more. So amazons price range was very reasonable. The only thing i didn't understand was that each color was priced differently but it's the same phone.About using this phone for a month, I have had a good experience, as a user. My last phone was highly outdated version of Xperia X10, so upgrading to this phone was a blast. The battery life on this phone is amazing with the option of Stamina Mode under power management settings. I go at least three to four days without charging using stamina mode and about 1 day and half without Stamina Mode. Most websites brag about the quad-core processors but this dual core processor on this phone is very fast and comparable to other smartphones running a quad-core.I haven't really looked into other added features that most smart phones have but it is okay for user who uses their smartphone for moderate use. The camera mode is okay but not great. My Xperia X10 came with a document mode which allowed to clarify the document before pressing the shutter button so the words/texts/images come out clear. On this phone, it's a hit or miss. Other than that, the low-light option and added special effects features enhances the camera qualities. I have no complaints, the camera takes good photos.The few things I didn't like about this phone was that the outer frame, battery cover,  and edging is very cheap.I would've expected a more durable casing from sony as my X10 had. The plastic on the battery cover is very cheap and easily be damaged if a person with alot of strenght try to repackage the case, he/she can break it. I had the Xperia TL for a breif while in summer and it was very tough-built as well. Also, I'm curious to see how long the battery ( since this is my first phone with a non-removeable battery)  will have longevity as most batteries wear-out after constant charging.Notice: this is my second phone replacement as Amazon was superb and fast about handling returns/exchanges. Since the original phone I bought, my phone's glass shattered as being placed on my kitchen counter. This is my 2nd SP.  The glass is very sensitive and can shatter so I would recommend you to buy a durable case and shield protector for the front glass before you buy the phone. Also, it might be the Jelly Bean version or just the built in features but I having trouble hiding my apps, saving my apps to my 32gb SD memory card, and deleting pre-loaded apps that eat up at least 2gb my internal memory space. I will try to contact Sony Mobile for additional support and hopefully I can get some help.Overall, the phone is good price for your money. I'm on a unlimited pre-paid data plan for a 40/bucks a month with unlimited 3g and it is quite fast for me on this phone. The phone loads pages fast, but is excellent for my apps such as wordfued and words with friends that eat a lot of data. I'm not a heavy browsing user but the unlimited 3g i get from my carrier is very reliable and fast for me that I can use it for everything internet related. The few other options I would like to try but haven't is the Playstation network connection, sony product mirroring (streaming phone contents to other sony devices) , NFC tags, and Sony Smart Dock.Pros:Reasonable Pricing for Unlocked PhoneGreat Display and ClarityFast ProcessorSony's Quality and ReliabilityCons:Cheap Casing and Framing, not equivalent to Sony Brand expectations.Shatterable GlassMost Sony fones are known for having a hot battery.Unsure about non-removeable battery.

Phone is solid and quick, wi-fi works well. Only bad is the cheap feeling back.The keyboard is very nice and responds well.Personally I like the color bar at the bottom of the phone it's a nice feature not gimicky, because you can have them set to certain people so that you know who is calling you without the ring tone. I use this feature at church or events where its important that I'm quiet. The battery is acceptable , but it would of been better if it is removable. The camera is decent but not awesome nice to have physical keys to take pictures with  though.For the money this is great phone and I am pleased overallIf a 5 inch screen is what you would prefer the XPERIA ZL is a solid choice.

I purchased this phone because only Xperia offers Android phones with SD card. I installed a 32GB card and proceeded to download several maps for offline GPS navigation but soon I run out of storage. To make the long story short you cannot store applications in the SD card, the maps were stored in the internal memory and soon I run out of it. You can only store or transfer photos, videos and music files and your Windows PC will recognize it as 'Xperia SP' storage but you cannot store data files for your games and other application in the SD card to be used by the phone. For more information search 'can't move apps sd card android' and  'Memory in Android devices'. I travel a lot and wanted to have offline GPS maps for the entire world like I used to have in Nokia phones. It was also entertaining to have the entire globe in a tinny memory card, to me it was better than a game. I gave this product one star because I cannot use it to store applications in the SD card. I have not used it as a phone yet.4/13/14 Revision.Above was "operator error", I hope others do not make the same mistake. Instead of deleting this review I decided to leave it in place in case someone else experiences the same thing (makes the same mistake). I decided to re-install the apps and noticed that I was asked where to install the apps in the "Internal Memory" or the "External Memory". The SD is considered external memory so I am currently re-installing in the external memory (SD). I will change my rating to 5-stars unless if something goes wrong.4/14/2014 Revision.I re-installed the applications but there was no change. It still installs in the internal storage (5gb) and NOT in the external 32 GB SD card. Unfortunately my initial assessment  was correct. I change my review back to one star. You can also search 'Android rooting' for more information.

this phone is amazing.....it met my expectations and more..beautiful exteria,soft touch screen and nyc coulores to suite evrybody's style. buy it..ul love it

The phone is fully complete, nothing was missed in the shipping. The performance of the phone is very awesome, have a great cpu and gpu power.

Hi this is a very good phone and the price makes it even better and dare i say even better value than some expensive phones. Worth it.

Screen often freezed when open another app or press other action, slow on command, even thought phone is like new but might be defect internally

I've been using this phone for a few weeks now and I couldn't be happier. I went with the C5302 specifically to use with T-mobile's HSPA because I live in the sticks I know LTE won't be an option for a while. It took less than five minutes to get the phone set up after I activated the new SIM card whether it was g-mail, SEN, or Evernote, everything synced up without any problems.My iPod is what I use for my music, but the Walkman on the phone is very good, I would say my music sounds better through the phone than though the iPod.The viewing angles may not be ideal, but I haven't had any issues with the display, pictures and movies look beautiful on it. The sound won't blow you out of the water, but it's more than adequate if there isn't much ambient noise around you.The only negative aspect about the phone is the camera, and to be honest I have yet to see a phone that takes anything but &#34;okay&#34; pictures anyway, so I don't hold that against Sony. It does have manual settings which will give you much better pictures if you take/have the time to set them up properly.I don't play many games with my phone, but I do like the fact that its Playstation certified. Being able to use a PS3 controller along with an MHL cable makes playing more enjoyable.So far battery life is just as good as any other smart phone I've used, between two and three days depending on what I'm doing with it, and it only takes about three hours to fully charge from a complete drain which is nice. I don't load to many app's on my phones, but I don't really have a problem with the 5 gb's that are free, that gives me enough room for a couple movies internally and still enough room for a few more app's. I do keep all my pictures on the SD card though.Overall I like it just as much as any iPhone or Samsung phone I've had and better than many of the other phones I've used.

good phone for mid-level, is an excellent mobile but sometimes the camera and wifi fail generally give four (4) stars

my niece is glad

After my XPERIA TX met its end in water, my first intention with this phone was to use this as a placeholder until something better came along. But truthfully, after a few weeks of using it, I can say im fully content with what it has to offer. I'm a big fan of Sony's aesthetic, and this is no exception, from the UI, to the physical design, to the quirky transparent antenna/notification LED, it all fits together nicely.Also, the innards may be last year's tech, but it doesn't seem to slow the phone down. Everything feels snappy and on point, so much so I haven't felt the urge to install any custom ROM or tweak anything. And the battery life is fantastic. You can go for about a day and a half while on HSPA+; 2 days if you use it moderately.My only complaints are the screen is terrible in sunlight, it comes with a lot of bloat out of the box, and the notification light is BRIGHT - so bright if I get a notification at night it can light up the ceiling with little effort, and there's no way to turn it off during sleeping hours. Otherwise I am enjoying it.All in all, if you want something that looks good, performs well, and straddles that line between midrange and high end, you can't go wrong with this phone. Will I hold onto it if something greater comes along? Maybe. But it'll have to be really convincing.

It's a excellent product!

afternoon my review on the phone, it took four days using it and suddenly, right in the middle has stopped working ie about 2 inches to the average

This is an excellent phone for the price! It does and contains everything a mid range smartphone should do and have in today's market. I was skeptical about it at first since it did not have any reviews, however, I decided to go for it, and I can't be happier. The LEDs at the bottom add to the overall design of the phone and are a base for many compliments. The phone feels heavier than an iPhone 5, because it is bigger and all, but I prefer that heaviness so it wasn't an issue for me. One recommendation is to buy an external SD card as the 8gig internal will definitely not be enough, seeing as how you only have 5.5gig available,

Worst cellphone i ever had, with a lot of lag all the time, right now i use it but its really difficult to use

Great phone, terrible wi-fi reception. It loses wi-fi connection from just the next room over. My iPhone 4 never had any problems with reception in the same location and using the same router.

I recommend this phone it has a perfect battery life , screen and for the money I spent I got a really good deal. the seller is very trustable, they refunded my the money I spent even though cellphone was scratched by me. they even didn't charge me a restocking fee or any other fee. the phone is strong didn't broke even it was dropt toughly not the same with iPhones. for me I will order the same phone again.

cellular good, nothing to envy to other cellular, excellent, would recommend, es excelente celular lo recomiendo 100 %...... Nada que envidiarle a un Iphone, Galaxy

Really enjoying this phone. Not 4G, but I use wifi most of the time. I would buy another Sony Phone.

Good Price it came here in perfect conditions so.. the camera is not so good but, is a good phone thanks

Writting this review with it:Pros.1. Outstanding performance with dual Core Qualcomm snapdragon s4 pro and 1gb of RAM.2. Crystal clear (bravia engine) HD 720p 4.6&#34; scratch-resistant screen with Gloves sensitivity and tiny bezel.3. Stylish, Premium and sturdy design, no cheap plastic feel, thick and heavy but in a good way (Im a big guy), the lights in the bottom are a Plus, not so useful, but a nice touch.4. Camera has HDR mode, great autofocus, and a really bright LED flash. It also has a front facing One.5. Currently on android 4.1 but updating to 4.3 any day now and kit kat 4.4 comming soon according to Sonys website.6. Micro SD slot up to 32gb.7. PrIce.Cons.1. Uninpresive photo quality (8mp) and worst on the front-facing.2. Short internal memory.3. Call volume is low.4. No replaceable battery.

I have had all kinds of unlocked cell phones but this one meets all criteria, It is not perfect but if you compare it to all other smart phones,this is a great product. Sony is awesome!!

This device met all expectations and then some.Its been a while since ive been this impressed by a device

This is a very cool phone. It has a lot of features and sleek presentation. Sony does love their bloatware, however, so spend some time cleaning it up because it's small processor does tend to bogged down fairly easily. Also, Camera has a very slow start up. These are not super concerning or even bothersome issues, but there is one that is both. The internal speaker has some bug that shuts it down from time to time. This means, during phone calls, that people can hear you but you can't hear them. This causes me to sound either like I have hearing problems or like I'm a huge jackass to my all my friends. This also means you can't play music through the phone's speaker. I believe it has something to do with how the phone reads whether or not there are headphones in, but I'm not a phone software doctor scientist. Rebooting in safe mode usually cures this, but sometimes a hard reset and reformat is needed.

in my sony fan experience, i never had such satisfaction by using a smartphone like i had with the xperia sp. it has an awesome bravia hd screen 2 which makes your experience looking at your phone unique, like it is directly from a window! the rear cam has 8 mp that makes photo very realistic. talking about the design is very comfortable to use in calls and big enough to see webpages clearly. it dual core processor is very fast, even it doesn't have ANYTHING to envy to a 4-core proccessor. and a super multi-task saver that can keep more than 15 app at the same time without freezing! oh, and sony announced the kit kat android os coming soon to xperia sp in januray.in short words, if you want a &#34;cheap&#34; phone with elegancy and power, this is your phone.

Excellent phone in all ways!!  It's an entry level phone for sure, but you would be hard pressed to be able to tell.  I started my Sony phone experiences with the Sony Xperia Z1s from T-Mobile and LOVED it!  Next I passed that one down to my daughter and got me the Sony Xperia Z Ultra - AMAZING!!!My girlfriend's daughter was in need of a phone and I was asked to help research a good phone within a set budget.  After a few comparisons with other Sony phones (checking the on sale phones) it was clear this would be the best phone for her!I love the notification light!  I actually wish mine had that.  Sony always does a great job at having multicolored notification lights and the clear light bar at the bottom of the phone is really nice!Fast CPU, great camera, all the Android apps but best of all this is unlocked and you can be sure Sony will make sure, good or bad, that you always have the latest Android OS!This is an amazing phone for the price and I'd not hesitate to suggest it.

The phone is freeking AWESOME. It has a very nice camera, battary life is good too, my last ecord was 5 days without a charge (texting and talking, sometimes on internet) Very nice sensitive screen? very good sound quality. I love this phone!!!

Bought this phone as a gift to a friend who lives in South America. Works very well in a country where 4G is still a dream. The reason for the 5 star rate is the combination between price/size/features/quality. The only other phone below $350.00 would be the Nexus 4, a real bargain but no longer can be found at the Google's website. The Xperia Sp has everything an Android phone should have, decent camera,decent size, fast enough,Sony software suite and low price compared to the other major brands. I highly recommend this phone, being an Iphone 5 user myself.

Shipped exactly as promised, in a short time and in a compact box. The phone is really great and really responsive, the battery lifespan on moderate use can last for more than a day before having to charge it. Though I must say one feature that wasn't great was the focus of the camera at a closer range such as when taking pictures of documents.

It is really disappointing that Wifi keeps dropping on this phone. I have tried a lot, hoping this is a 'setup' problem, but it did not work at all! I'm returning it.

recommend very good phone, very happy with my xperia sp and has been said to profit, quality quality quality very

So far I do not have any problems. I normally keep my phone for 3 years and changed a new one.

Xperia SP is a good phone for those who don't want high end performance. It's hard for me to tell the difference between the 720p screen on SP and the 1080p one on HTC One. Snapdragon S4 is enough cause I never play games on a cellphone. And $319 is a good deal - BUT THIS IS DEFINITELY A USED PHONE!!!!!!!!!!!!I don't know if every phone sold from amazon is like this, but the seal on the box was broken - and the whole box was so shabby! I opened it and found the plastic bags for user guide and power cord were missing and there were dust on everything. The screen film has quite a few bubbles and was not in place at all. And there was a little scratch on the back. Xperia SP is a good phone at great price but I would rather pay an extra $55 to get a unused one from the Sony store.

i bought this phone for my wife. she likes it a lot. it is very sturdy feeling and waterproof. Everthing works well on it except the volume of the ringer for phone calls is just not loud enough for us. other than that it is very nice. The build quality is there for sure. i would take it over a smasung (which is what i have) any time. Younger people with better hearing (we are both in our sixties) will love this phone.

comparing to the money I spent, I got a good phonewith a beautiful screen and good GPS that what I was looking for.

I bought this phone for my brother he love it !!! im impressed for the build quality and the screen.

A revised review after three months of use:Having the phone for 3 months, I faced several problems. It does hang, it is not fast and it is not responsive.Once it went off and did not respond. It took me an hour  to restart it. I went through strange processes based on online recommendations and finally I could turn the phone on pressing two keys together.I compared the pictures I took with its camera with other pictures by my friends phones and I think the photos are not as good as they should be.My Old Review--------------I have not worked with other smart phones, so I dont have any benchmark to compare xperia SP with. I like this phone because:It has large screenIt is fast and responsiveIt has a great camera

I just recently got my Sony Ericsson xperia sp. My T mobile SIM card didn't fit in it. And even serval times cuted it up, it still didn't read it. Can you please help me find the right SIM card size.

phone works. battery is good. bottom glass has different color notifications for texts and stuff. camera is ok but a little grainy if you care about that stuff

It's the worst cell phone ever made. All the time I'd like to throw it in the garbage. At least 3 times a day the system simply stop and the cell phone doesn't respond, so I have to restart it. Please, have love for your money and don't waste it with this fu#@& sh#@%&

DISCLAIMER: I haven't written any reviews on Amazon before, so I apologise if this reads horribly. I really felt like this product deserved a proper review which would cover all the points I certainly wanted covered when I was looking to upgrade to an everyday-use smart phone.Introduction:So I set about looking to upgrade my phone in about October 2013, my previous model was one Blackberry Curve 9300. It definitely had served me well as a phone, but it's poor processor speed just couldn't cut it these days when it comes to trying to have the internet at your fingertips! If you're anything like me, your main reasons for choosing a mid-range phone should be something like:1. Your old phone can't use the internet / uses the internet very slowly.2. You want a new phone that can still make texts/calls/the basics very efficiently (as often people grow to their old phones and can text off them in a jiffy)3. You want a newer phone that can run multiple applications at once without slowing down - and also maintains good battery life.4. You want a phone with a decent camera which you can pull out on the fly and take good looking photographs with (maybe even wanting a phone that can take good selfies with the popularity of Snapchat at the moment)5. You also want a phone with good video recording and playback functions, having a crisp screen to enjoy images/videos on.6. The phone is generally easy to use, can be learned quickly and feels responsive.7. Finally, you want all of the above without having to pay a hefty price tag of 600+ for some Apple equivalents at the moment! AKA , the phone is good value.Well, I'm happy to talk you through all the good and bad points this phone has to offer, and why, 3 months on, I'm feeling happy with my purchase - which I think ultimately should be the bottom line.1. Internet Browsing - 5/5The Xperia SP's browsing capabilities are very strong. It has immediate access to Google Chrome browser, which I'm using right now to write this review. It's very easy to open new tabs and even has a widget readily available to Google search things straight from your home screen. I find this to be one of the best features about this phone, I find myself easily taking it out and can whip out a Google search or a Facebook stalk on the fly no problem. The processor speed of the Xperia is excellent for its price bracket, it can handle multiple tabs + videos with ease, and loads pages very quickly. The larger than average screen and responsive touch controls actually really suit the phone for internet use, and on using other smaller/thinner smartphones, I think this works to its advantage.2. Text/Calling functions and other basic elements - 3/5For me, this is probably where I think the Xperia falls down the hardest; simple texts and calls often get ignored and understated in phone reviews these days - I certainly hadn't heard much about it before I purchased the phone. However, before you read the reasons why I think this, understand that coming from using a QWERTY keyboard Blackberry for nearly 3 years has meant I generally have always disliked touch screen phones!Even when ,under settings, you turn off the 'Vibration on touch' feature, sending texts/Whatsapp messages results in the phone constantly vibrating under your fingertips, and a sort of feeling like its always 'catching up' to your speed of texting. I had no issues texting on a Blackberry phone before this, and could send long texts in very quick time with little to no typos - WITHOUT an auto-correct. With the Xperia SP however, I feel that almost every other word will have a typo in it, despite me trying very hard to press the small keys accurately. At first I thought it would just take some getting used to, but 3 months down the line, I still dislike texting and tend to avoid it to the same level my all-thumbs parents will.On using an iPhone 5/5s of one of my friends, it didn't feel as clunky as the texting system on the (notably larger) Xperia - further leading me to believe this might not just be a personal problem.When it comes to calls and contacts, the Xperia has a very attractive and easy to navigate Contacts book, which even can connect to Facebook and filter out contacts without mobile numbers on their accounts , instantly filling up some contacts. The speed dial feature is somewhat pointless, as it takes you multiple touchs to get to the numberpad, and it is often faster to just call a 'favourited' contact in the Favourites tab. All in all, it works as I would expect, and the microphone and speaker of the phone feel like a good volume for calls without having to throw it on speaker.The phones in-built e-mail system works very well. It looks clean and neat, and it had no issues connecting to my e-mail account. It also had several features for how often it checks for incoming e-mails/ to do it manually. This can be important if you have a very limited Data plan. The phone can open many different attachment formats for quick viewing without having to run to a computer.3. Strong processor ; strong battery life 5/5 ; 3/5The processor for the Xperia SP is , as stated, very very good for its price tag. I use my phone very often. I forget to close off applications (which can be easily done by swiping them off). And I often have a lot of stuff going on at once. Not once however, have I noticed any sort of lag or slowing down of the phone due to this. I imagine for the vast majority of customers, the phones speed at which it handles what you throw at it will more than impress them. The battery life for this phone was initially one of the selling points for me, as in many reviews they praised its inbuilt Stamina mode and high-powered battery. In practise, the STAMINA mode DOES help to conserve a little extra power , as it turns off mobile data when you lock your phone. It isn't though, as miraculous as you would expect. With normal usage and 3G always switched on, I find myself charging the Xperia at least every evening. Compared to other smartphone battery lives, I would say the Xperia is very average.4. Camera features - 3.5 / 5The Xperia SP comes with a single flash, 8 Megapixel rear-facing camera, and a somewhat sub-standard VGA camera facing the front. I find the focusing system and lighting when using the phones camera to be somewhat unremarkable (despite what the trailers may tell you). The phone definitely needs good lighting available to be able to take good pictures, and I definitely don't think it functions brilliantly in doors. If you have everything set up well however, the camera does take very crisp looking pictures/albeit the lack of optical zoom means they a very range limited. The colours do appear SOMEWHAT washed out, and if possible, I like to have a camera with me as well. It does more than good enough a job however for emergencies , and for taking quick snaps of people.The front-facing camera is somewhat of an Achille's heel for the Xperia, the VGA camera provided really does a poor job at taking selfies. Snapchat is not going to be your ally with this phone. If you have good lighting again, and can hold the phone VERY still (it can't focus) then a reasonable shot may be achieved - with the likeness to your webcam back in 2008...5. Video recording/playback - 4/5The video features of the phone are fairly average just like the camera, the microphone picks up sound to an ok degree as one would expect, and the videos can sometimes suffer from loss of focus issues. All round though, they work in the same situations you would want the camera for.The phone plays HD videos on its 720p screen VERY well however, and the colours look very nice and bold. I have no issues watching videos on my phone like I would my laptop.6. Ease of use - 4/5To me, this is one of the most important categories. I'm happy to say that I think the Xperia does an all-round great job at feeling very slick in how it works. The app store is VERY ease to quickly log on to and start downloading the wide range of Android apps in a jiffy. The multiple home screen system works very well for organising different spaces and apps on your phone. You can customise and move things around your home screens very easily by just holding your finger over things. The toolbox feature allows you to quickly turn off the backlight, mobile data, Wi-Fi, roaming and a whole range of other features with just the tap of a button - instead of having to trawl through Setting like I am used to. The phone has access to swipe unlock, pattern unlock as well as number code unlock, so is very versatile. I really like the LED light strip on the bottom of the phone, some may find it a little tacky or annoying, but I love it. In any case, its fully customisable to be different colours for a range of different alerts - from calls, to texts to charging/fully charged. If you really don't like it, it can be permanently switched off.To be honest, I could talk for hours on how I like features x,y and z - but I think you could figure it all out yourself without any difficulty! Please, if you have any specific questions about something that you might find to be insignificant to most, but important to you, please ask below and I'd be happy to answer.7. VALUE!I managed to pick up my Xperia SP in an October sale for only 199.99!(~$325). Comparing this phone to the other leading smartphones on the market these days, and let me tell you I definitely did my market research for good value, I find this price to be MORE than good value to warrant what the Xperia offers. Yes, you could spend 500, 600 + on an iPhone 5sxps, or whatever make is the newest out now, but I honestly struggle to see what you're getting extra for over 3 times the money. You might just be paying an extra 400 for a fingerprint scanner...I would love to compare the differences of this phone to its other key midrange competitors, such as the Samsung Galaxy s4 mini, but I think this review has been long enough - and it is meant to focus on the Xperia!If you have any questions regarding the differences in more detail, and why I chose this phone, please comment below!Conclusion:The Sony Xperia SP is a sleek, attractive, great value and very easy-to-use midrange smart phone. It is underrated on the market and often it over-shadowed by Sony's flagship Xperia Z as well as the more popular Samsung, but there's no question that the SP can more than hold its own in this very competitive market.If you want a new phone to put you up-to-date with seemingly everyone and their Aunt having a smartphone, and for a great price, the Xperia SP should be for you!Thanks for reading.

This phone has some pretty cool features ( LED illumination colors that you can customize the way you want). Also, you can extend the memory with a micro SD card. Above all, the thing that I love about this phone is it's built quality, man I got to tell you it's solid!  The plastic of the phone is not cheap and cheesy as some of the other manafactures. Instead it is very well made, and the slides are covered by aluminum.Pros:1- A great bright 4.6 inch display panel that's razor sharp and reflects vivid colors with the Mobile Bravia engine from Sony which makes it epic for watching pictures and movies.2- The phone is upgraded to android 4.2 Jellybean! So enjoy a smooth experience.3- The built quality of this phone is superb! I mean it.4- Do you enjoy playing games? Then you will be glad to know that with this phone, Sony allows you to use a separate wireless  controller to use it as if you were playing games with your PlayStation! You can order it now, and all what's left is to access the PlayStation mobile app on the phone and enjoy.5- loud and clear speakers! This applies for both internal and external speakers.6-  A great 2400 battery capacity that will get you through the day even with heavy usage.Cons:1- The viewing angles aren't great, but after a while you get used to them. This only applies when looking to the screen from a far angle, however, looking at the screen directly is a pleasure.2- Most of the latest xperia phones are water resistant, however, sadly this phone isn't one of them.If you are looking for the best mid range smartphone tha trust me you won't go wrong with the SP, I am very delighted and pleased with the phone, it's easily one of the top phones I've owned so far, and yes I've owned plenty along the road from different brands.Hope this helps! Happy shopping :)

I don't like this phone because some times I can not hear any thing when I get a call.My touch screen is not working properly.Some times when I increase the volume,it does not work properly.It is becoming slower and slower day by day.

I'll be brief,  Solid little phone,  poor Wi-Fi, sketchy GPS, average performance and battery life.  Built in speaker is great, second only to HTC One. Cool connectivity features from sony if you will use them, otherwise you can do better for your money.  Good build quality,  I don't see why people fuss about the soft back,  it's really not an issue and you won't notice it unless you are pinching or poking the back of the phone. Illumination bar is cool but kinda pointless and loses it's charm after a while.  Screen is very crisp and clear,  but yes very prone to fingerprints. For the build wish it had even just 512 more ram, kinda lags when multitasking. Not a bad phone,  but would not buy it again.  For another 50 bucks go for the nexus 5.

It's really fast, excelllent display definition, really really good looks, works lika a charm,Highlights, Display looks sharp, the battery lasts a lot!! I mean at the end of the day I still have like 25 percent, and that in this pohone means like 5 more hs, I use the bright at the middle,Hands Down If you want ir for music, the volume is quite LOW and I'm no t a fan of listen music at high volumes, I take care of my ears, but you'll to put it in max volume in loudy enviroments like a bus, etc , sound quality is very good, the camera, it's good in daylight, in low light envoroments it's quite bad... compared to a samsung galaxy S2, and the color are too much saturated.But I like it very much despite of that.

ITs a good and fast phone, no problems and nothing...The camera its not too good, but im not a photo fan, so im ok with that =)

dont get me wrong, i like the phone, an would recommend it, but i believe mine came defective because the touch screen becomes buggy and randomly unresponsive when charging. ive tried using different chargers and plunging it to different outlets and ports but nothing seems to work. other than that, the phone is great. it has a long battery life and the led bar is a very neat feature on this phone.

I hve had the phone for 3 days and I have to say great buy. I am usually the one to get the &#34;flagship phone&#34; with all the newest features, but this phone just called my name. For a mid-ranged phone, the SP does beyond a exceptional job. Its illumination bar makes it unique. Get Light Flow so you can customize it even more!!

Great phone, delivered in time, totally recommended!

I really love this phone. Interface is neat and it's got some great features. As a first time android user I am very satisfied. I have not had any issues with Wi-fi whatsoever. The range is great and it maintains a good connection. Camera is so so but more than enough for me. Hopefully future software updates will remove some of the graininess of the photos. Someone I know commented that the phone is a bit thick. The iphone is not exactly paper thin either. It feels great in your hand and is a pleasure to hold. It also gets a little warm which I imagine will be nice during the winter months. The dedicated camera key is an excellent addition. Everything so far is absolutely great with this phone. Screen, features, it's got it all. The speaker is actually not the best. But the radio does work very well. Battery life is awesome. Perfect phone for me. Light bar at the bottom is also a lot of fun. I doubt you will regret buying this phone.

The screen freeze several times during the day. it is absolutely annoying! It takes a eternity to open apps. The best part: you will get stuck with Android 4.3. Sony is not what it used to be! Take my advice: Moto G is better option.

I bought this for my T-mobile account. It has great support with the T-mobile 3G network. The Android OS is clear and fast. But the wifi connection is not always good. Sometimes it disconnects from time to time, which is quite annoying.

Very good smartphone. Although the camera in certain scenarios, especially at night backlit leaves to be desired, something that does not happen in other models of sony. Otherwise it is very good, fast, walkman with its play of light makes it attractive.

excellent, i love, its have a good camera and the aplications are easy to using, the OS is very good
