
I got this phone on thanks giving.Its touch is very good and camera is dam good.Its very good phone.

Really fast. Some complaints: The power button is in a weird place. I usually need to hands to get to it, due to the phone's size. Battery life seems short when I play games. When I'm on power saver mode and turn the brightness down, it still runs out fast. I guess these games just take a lot out of the phone's juice. Other than that, it's awesome.

Love the phone. Its super fast compared to my old phone. The beats audio quality is very good. Only complain is the sleep and volume control button could have been little enhanced. I have to press it hard to use them.

Had the phone for 3 weeks now.HIGHLIGHTS:The screen - simply amazing!The Sound - the best, bar none.  Good earbuds included too.The Camera - super fast, replaced my point-and-shoot, love itBlinkfeed - it's like flipboard on steroids.TV remote - super usefulDISAPPOINTMENTS:Lack of micro sd slot. - it's not a deal breaker as I use cloud storage primarily, but it's still disappointingBottom buttons take getting used to, took me a while to figure out double-tapping the home button. The buttons are a little small for my hands----------IN DEPTH----------DESIGNThis phone is beautiful.  It's weight, size, texture, and metal body all make for a comfortable, premium feel that makes me feel like my phone is a luxury sedan.  Some may find it a bit big, but I became adjusted to it quite quickly.  My last phone was an HTC 8X (also very well designed) and is just a bit smaller. Phone is very thin and has a nice textured volume rocker.  The power button is on the top-left, which is a bit different, but after a day I came to really like it there.  My only beef with the design is the bottom buttons, as stated above.SOUNDOne of the selling features of this phone is it's sound. It has stereo speakers on the top and bottom of the front side of the phone.  This is bar-none, the best sounding phone on the market. It comes bundled with some pretty decent beats-looking earbuds that have a tangle free cord and come with some extra molds of varying sizes. My one beef with the sound, is that with a newborn in the house, it actually doesn't go QUIET enough on the lowest setting.CAMERAI was a little apprehensive of the camera on paper.  only 4.3 megapixels. I work professionally with photographs in post production, so while I'm not a pro photographer, I have lots of experience working and manipulating digital imagery and can tell you that 4.3 is more than sufficient for people's needs. The camera features of this phone are very robust. There are things I didn't know about before using the phone, like sequence shots and auto panoramic modes. You can also set a lot of things manually like ISO. The camera is blazing fast (faster than my point-and-shoot which it has effectively replaced, but not as fast as my DSLR).  Photos look good.  It really is comparable to a mid-range point and shoot that you'd pay $200+ for.  It's not going to replace my DSLR, but I'm very happy to have a decent camera on my person at all times now.  I don't really use the Zoe thing, but I could see how others would like it (like my wife for one).  While the camera is not perfect and will still not work miracles in low lighting (though it's better than any other small camera I've used), I applaud HTC for not just pushing more megapixels.BATTERYwith the large screen and amplified sound, I was a bit worried about battery life - especially since this phone does not have a removable battery.  I'm a pretty heavy user playing games, watching netflix and constantly checking email and social media.  The only time I've ever gotten less than a day battery was when my family collectively watched 5 hours of TV on netflix (in additional to everything else I do on the phone).  I usually get a day and a half or sometimes two days battery life.  Then again, I don't have a lot of apps running in the background besides email and social media.SOFTWARE & OTHERBlinkfeed is probably the first thing you'll notice when you setup the phone. I loved it from the start. It's kind of like flipboard on steroids.  It takes all the news stuffs you'd find on flipboard, and adds your social media, calendar, photos, tips and the like into the mix (in one giant flipboard like tiley stream). Easily the best content aggregator I've used.TV Remote.  One nice surprise to me was the built-in IF remote and TV app. I use good ole rabbit ears at home and constantly misplace the tv remote.  I picked my TV brand from the list (Haier) and it just started working. I put in my postal code and tell it that I have an over-the-air antenna, and it shows a nice TV guide and lists all the programs that are on and gives me descriptions etc.  Very useful. I think it can control other stuff too, but all I've setup so far is the TV.Kid mode.  My 3 year old loves this app.  I don't think HTC made it, but they include it on the phone and it's kinda like Microsoft's Kids corner, but with pre loaded content.And of course, it has all the Jelly bean goodies from Google like Google Now.CONCLUSION:This phone is definitely worthy of your consideration.  It's very premium and has a very stable and polished version of Android on it.  It handles any app I could throw at it without blinking and it very fast and responsive. It easily can go toe-to-toe with any other flagship phone.  I'm a software developer and go through a lot of phones (mostly for testing apps and websites),  I can earnestly say this is the best phone I've ever used and my respect for HTC has grown with the last couple devices I've used of theirs.  If you're not sure about Android, the HTC 8x is also a fantastic device I've been using prior to the ONE.Just go to a physical store and play around with the ONE for a while, chances are you'll like it.

I've gone through so many phones it's ridiculous. Before getting this one, I went through two GS3s in a month. Both of them fell out of my lap getting out of the car and shattered instantly. From that point on, I decided that I couldn't afford or want a phone that fragile.Upon contract renewal I began reading up on the HTC One. The first thing that really grabbed my attention was the fact that each unit was machine cut for something like 2 hours; therefore, I could check durability off my list.Next, I looked at the specs and bloatware. I've owned HTC phones before and most of them have been great, with the exception of a couple bad ones. This had top-of-the-line specs, and an interesting pivot on the camera as most smart phone cameras emphasize megapixels. This only had a 2-something MP camera, but had a f2.8 lens. I'm an avid photographer whose main frustration with cell phone cameras is their poor ability to shoot in low light. I concluded that it was a compromise worth making. Lastly, the battery life reviews were great. The GS3 had such poor battery life, I felt like I, myself, was tethered to a MicroUSB.When I actually first got a hold of the phone I knew it was a keeper. One of the things I realized that I didn't like about the Galaxy phones was their curved body which made typing hard. The rectangular nature of the One made typing easier (after installing Swiftkey of course). I immediately got rid of the HTC Sense dashboard and opted for a more traditional Android experience. Boy is this phone fast. I've owned it for almost a year now and it still hums along; obviously, not quite as well as when I first got it, but I have no complaints. The camera actually did not live up to the hype and my phone suffers from a common defect where there is a blue hue when shooting. I tried to mitigate this by adjusting the exposure lower and tweaking some other settings but it is an average camera phone at best.One of the more random things I like about this phone is the Beats by Dre mode and phone speakers. It kind of was a revelation that sometimes when a feature that you don't want is so useful and well-developed that it actually becomes a competitive advantage. I constantly find myself listening to podcasts and music on this and feel that the quality is much better than any other phone I've owned.The battery life is still pretty good but I really wish they had a removable battery. The body is really amazing and stays relatively wear-free unless you are really rough on your phones.I haven't tried the new phones out, but I can tell you this, you won't be disappointed if you get this one. And BONUS - it has free mobile hotspot capabilities which come in handy when you need to get that last minute email out when you're in a cab or car.

It's definitely a well built machine. Nicest phone I've ever had. Doesn't lag. Nice performance. All around amazing phone :)

A lot has been written about this phone.  I love it, but wish that I'd gotten the unlocked version so I wouldn't have to wait for AT&T; to load KitKat onto the phone.  The volume, in my opinion, is LOUD.  Even on the lowest setting, it's too loud for my office.The bloatware is there, but so far, hasn't interfered with the performance of the phone.  I love this thing.

This phone is so Wonderful! I picked it up at my local AT&T store and have to say I truly am in love with my purchase! I rooted mine to get the AT&T bloatware off and it runs amazing!. I can really feel the quad-core(4 core) performance and also the beautiful display and body compliment the whole experience. Overall: I am VERY satisfied with my purchase and would highly recommend this phone to anyone looking for the best smartphone experience HTC offers!

I can't go into detail too much because I'm actually not too knowledgable on smartphones, but my boyfriend seems to really enjoy the phone. The zoe camera feature is quite neat, and he's pretty satisfied with the android operating system and google store. Also you can't buy this camera for free on AT&T even with a 2 yr contract!

Coming from an iPhone to an Android I would have though that the transition would have been complicated but it was seamless. I was able to transfer all my data over including texts in a simple process using the HTC Sync manager. I love all the customizations I can do to the phone that I was not able to do with my iPhone without a jailbreak. I am still discovering cool features and apps that enhance the experience.Battery life: Battery life has been great so far, I noticed with my iPhone that by the middle of the day my battery would be in the red. Not so much of an issue with my HTC One, I don't need to charge the phone everyday either. I use Bluetooth heavily on this phone to play music in my car and on my speakers at home as I did with the iPhone and it works well and does not drain the battery. Not having a removable battery is not a con for me, obviously I did not have one with the iPhone.Sound: I love the dual speakers, sound quality is great and is clear.Hardware: The phone feels like great, clearly this phone is bigger than the iPhone but it doesn't feel massive. It feels natural holding it, I like the silver finish of the phone. I have a case on the phone and it does not add much bulk to the phone at all. Vibration at normal settings is good.Storage: I have the 32gb model and its more than enough space for me, I previously had a 16gb iPhone and was running severely low on space. Not sure if it was the IOS updates or not, besides apps I have a lot of pictures on my phone. Not having expandable storage honestly isn't an issue for me, I don't store music on my phone. I use Spotify for my music needs and it works well, I store a lot of documents and some music also in DropBox.Camera: No issues here, I am not a camera enthusiast but the pictures I have taken come out just fine. I don't notice much of a difference in the picture quality.I was trying to think of possible cons for this phone but I don't have any as of yet, stayed tuned I guess. I have seen people complain about BlinkFeed and that it can't be disabled. It absolutely can be if you change your default launcher app. I didn't really use it too much but had no complaints about it. I say for anyone who doesn't like it to I would recommend downloading Nova Launcher and you can use that as your default launcher instead of HTC Sense. You can completely customize the look and feel of the phones home screen with 3rd party apps. I think that is what makes Android great is that if there is something you do not like software wise about the phone it can be changed. There is some AT&T; bloatware on the phone but honestly it doesn't bother me much and does not affect the experience. Also just wanted to note that going through menus on the phone, opening apps, and playing games that I don't experience any lag whatsoever.I highly recommend this phone anyone especially first time Android users. You will not be disappointed.

This is hands down the nicest phone I have ever used.  It's fantastic.  It was a real pain getting my hands on one.  TMobile stores offered no hope.  Finally, I bought it directly from HTC's web site, only to find that it was back ordered.  When the availability date arrived, it would change again.  Eventually, it arrived on my door step.  I was so happy...until I realized that the phone takes micro simms.  Ahh!!I always saw those videos of some guy with scissors cutting up a sim and said I would NEVER take that risk.  Yet, I was so determined to use my new phone that I got out the scissors and started cutting.  Nothing like that "no going back" first slice.  I eventually cut it until the only part of it was metal part.  Cutting away ALL the plastic was the only way it would fit.I nervously put it into the phone...nothing.  My only hope was that I put it in upside down.  So I took out, flipped it, re-inserted.  The X on the top of the screen changed to full bars.  Phew, thank God.  I can't believe that actually worked.I'm sure there was a more responsible way to do this.  But I didn't do that.  I don't know how other carriers are, all I know is that I had a regular sized SIM, and that ain't gonna cut it for the HTC One.  No pun intended.

I've owned the original Galaxy S (i897 - AT&T; variant), then the Galaxy SII (i777), and planned on getting the new Galaxy SIV.. But, after a solid week of research.. I had to go with the HTC One..Before anything.. This phone is Sexy!.. as soon as I pull this it out of my pocket, the first words I hear people say is &#34;Wow&#34;, &#34;Elegant&#34;, and &#34;Beautiful&#34;.. The aluminum uni-body design is a great change from the typical plastic designs offered by Samsung.In terms of performance, this phone is pure butter out of the box.. Honestly, there is no need to Root or flash a custom ROM to make this phone any faster.. It's just fast, period!.. On the contrary, I walked into an AT&T; store the day before the Galaxy SIV was released, so that I can have a chance to play with it (Galaxy SIV) before actually purchasing it. As soon as I opened up the app drawer and started scrolling left & right through the apps, I noticed lag.. I couldn't believe that the Galaxy SIV, with all of it's impressive specs, still suffered from software lag.. I dealt with it on my SI and SII, and though I could have easily resolved it with a proper custom ROM, I was very disappointed when I saw it happen on the SIV.. Thus, making it very easy for me to go with the HTC One instead.. The HTC One is the first Android device that I have used that could easily be compared to an iPhone in terms of smoothness.Sense 5.0 vs Touchwiz: Although I was never a real big fan of Samsungs choice for skin overlay, it wasn't ugly, and it served it's purpose.. Samsung did have some really great features that I enjoyed using like Multi-Window, Pop out Video, and several camera features.. But recently, Touchwiz is just becoming way too colorful and girly for my taste, even with the use of an alternative launcher (Apex).. What really drove me crazy was the slideshow feature for MMS.. I hated the fact that the only way that I could view an MMS in full screen or even just zoom in, was by having to download the image.. there was no setting to remove the slideshow feature.. I tried using Handcent and Chomp as an alternative, but they were both crap... On the other hand,... Sense 5.0 is clean, simple, and beautiful.. I haven't even bothered installing Apex this time around.. and I actually enjoy using Blinkfeed.. Most importantly, I can view in full screen and zoom in on MMS without having to download the image..Basically,... The HTC One fit my needs the best..

This is by far the best phone I have ever owned and I've had some pretty good ones. I upgraded after last year's One X and this one improves on that one in every area. It's the most solid and best phone on the market and the one software feature that worried me the most (the Blinkfeed) is actually one of my favorite features on this phone. HTC has done a superb job distancing themselves from some of their past failures.

This is by far the best phone I have ever owned.  It is very intuitive to use.  The RF transmitter that allows it to be used as a TV remote is fantastic (with two small children, I'm not always sure where our remote control has gone to, but I pretty much always know where my phone is).  Taking pictures and video is quick and easy with some slick editing options.The sound produced by the speakers is incredible and the screen is absolutely beautiful.  I've often found myself watching videos and content on the phone rather than the iPad that is close at hand.I've also become a fan of blink feed.  It's a great way to get caught up with current news and keeps me connected to what is going on with my friends.

It's been 6 months since I drafted the review below.  I still don't care for this phone.1-Slow processing and/or unresponsive screen:  I find myself touching, then tapping, then rigorously thumping links in the google browser and nothing happens.2-Mail doesn't sync until I open the mail app.  I've been putting up with this since I bought the phone, I assumed it was just how Android does stuff.  It turns out, it's a known problem.  It's a pain because the emails I'm looking for aren't there when I go into the mail app so I have to wait several minutes for everything to post.  Frequently, it's just faster to check mail on my laptop, so I find I don't use the phone as much for emails as I could.  And that's one of the main reasons I have a "smart" phone to begin with.  Apparently, there are a variety of possible fixes to this problem, any of which will take some time as I have 6-7 email accounts that may affected, so I haven't mustered the energy to spend 2-3 hours systematically going through all of them to reconfigure my email accounts.3-hidden 'on' button at top of phone...as I noted earlier, this means I frequently have to pick up the phone, or use two hands, to turn it on;  it would be nice if I could just squeeze a button that sticks out to turn it on; it's relatively inconvenient if you're doing other things with your hands like holding something or writing. And it means you have to look at the phone to see which end you've got, so the tactile information of a unrecessed button is missing.4-dark 'home' and 'back' buttons...just not visible in many lighting conditions, and not raised so you can find them by touch; I find navigation and general ergonomics of this phone to be unintelligent.5-browsing the google browser...who designed that menu that slides in from the side?  You need the minute fingers of a 3 year old child to use it; ironically, it's located where my thumb is, which is the biggest finger I've got so switching between pages is very difficult without concentrating and using multiple fingers.  I frequently want to enter a URL  to go direct to a website and it's quite awkward to do on this phone.6-volume adjustment:  frequently I want to turn volume off before I turn on a video so I won't disturb people around me; instead, the volume adjuster adjusts the ringer; it's a three step process to turn down volume (volume button, select audio, adjust slider);  I know this isn't a typical use case, but i'd love a simple (not a recessed-where-I-can't-get-to-it  button) to switch off all sound in one gesture.7-i could go on with a few other minor annoyances.For a phone called "ONE", it's ironic how many things require more than one gesture, touch, tap, finger, etc.  Some of my issues are with Android, but most are with the device itself.___original review from August 2013______I just bought the HTC One to replace an iPhone 4.  My requirements are modest, I just need a device for calls/skyping, emails, texts, access to a few key sites and apps, and some music streaming, but since I use it mainly for work, I need it to be easy to use with a minimal learning curve straight out of the box.  So, my assessment of this device vs. my old iPhone may be on par with comparing a Mercedes to a Honda on the basis of whether the seats are comfortable, the radio is easy to use, and there are enough cup holders in places I want them, rather than on road performance.I found the usability and visual attractiveness of Sense UI to be off-putting and replaced it with a different interface, which has its own limitations. I've spent 4-6 hours fiddling with customization to make it likable, while the iPhone seems to be pretty sweet right out of the box.  Many argue that the customization is a good thing, but the time I've spent on customization is time I'll never get back and is solving problems some usability guru at Android or HTC already gets paid money to do.  So far, I can't make this thing as easy to use (in terms of number of clicks or gestures) as my iPhone, and I just don't like the look of the limited background and theme options.The navigation between apps and widgets and other settings seems overly complicated and a lot of precious real estate is taken up by the stupid app store icon (Google Play) in particular, which has distracting advertisements blazing across it.  I ended up installing a new UI which suppresses the size and garishness of the Google Play icon.I find the physical design of the One clumsy to operate;  its wake-up button is hidden on the top edge while the iPhone puts it logically at the bottom where my thumb (in one-handed operation) can reach it.  I find I'm constantly having to use my left hand to touch that button or readjusting how I hold the device in my right hand to get to that button with one of my fingers.  The 'home' and 'back' buttons are invisible in dark light conditions, so I find it hard to navigate in the dark, and have to look at it carefully to see the soft keys even in full light.  I don't find the screen as sensitive to my touch as the very old iPhone, so I find myself punching the home and back buttons repeatedly to get results.  I did install a Zagg screen protector, but that's what I have on the iPhone, so my sense is that the touch screen itself is the issue.It feels to me as if a few key logical good choices by Apple (or other companies...I only have the iPhone to compare) regarding physical and soft-key usability as well as other design features have been unwound for no good reason, and with poor results.  I don't have any other smart phones to compare this to, and have read that other phones (Android and Windows) have done a better job in the areas I mention above.There are many hundreds of informed users out there writing technical reviews that put the One ahead of the latest iPhone, so I will keep using the device for a few more days to see if it grows on me, but I'm skeptical.In summary, if you need lots of customization and use your phone for many different purposes (e.g., for heavy social networking), then the One may by the one.  But if your requirements are limited, and you're a business user who just needs it to be super-usable straight out of the box, then this may not be the phone for you.

I love the phone will have to sit down and learn how to use it more.  This is so much better than the Iphone.  I can't wait to use the apps.

The build quality is good, and I like the physical design of the phone.  I hate Blinkfeed, and I strongly dislike HTC's choice to ignore the conventional button setup for Android.

I really like this phone!  Its a perfect size for my eyes.I bought this phone a few days before a family vacation in Europe and I was able to put it through a &#34;real-world&#34; test during that period of time.  Initially, I had issues with the Wifi connecting and disconnecting intermittently during my trip and on my return.  For a period of time (approx. six weeks), I thought that I would have to return the phone.  I really loved the phone, but I was not going to put up with this issue.  After a few calls to HTC, one of the techs there said that it could be an APP that I downloaded.  I thought that he was wrong but then I started to think of which APP I downloaded that could create this issue.  I remembered that just before my trip, I downloaded the AT&T; WI-FI INTERNATIONAL APP, and I figured since I was back in the US, I didn't need it anymore.  So as a test, I uninstalled the APP, then rebooted phone by turning if off, and to my disbelief, that was the problem.  The phone works perfectly now.  I am so glad because I had taken over 1k pictures in Europe and really didn't want to go through the hassle of setting up a new phone.  SO...happy I kept the phone.All my family members and other friends have seen photos from this phone, and they simply love the quality.Hope this review helps.

I have been using it for nearly a month...no complaints. No phone is perfect but this One is worth a try.

UPDATE as of JULY, 2014:  It is amazing that has been over a year of using and carrying the HTC-One (M-7) to all my personal meetings as well as travels abroad.  Just wanted to update the original review with  a couple of comments on the M-7 in case you are considering it or its new version (M-8) and the ATT Network.The Good:  Have received all the software updates from HTC by ATT including Sense-6.  Have been able to compress all my favorite movies and videos in AVI format and they play perfectly with any of multiple free downloaded programs.  As well, music files in MP-3 play flawlessly.  Note that Apple products use formats that are four time the size of AVI.  Even though photos and documents have been stored in the phone, these are taking only 14% of the 64GB of Internal Memory.Bluetooth communication with my car's stereo as well as with headphones is perfect.  Similarly, the NFC with the Tablets works without any issues even for transferring long word documents.  The Beats Sound complemented by the front facing speakers continues to amaze users of other brands of phones on their quality and loudness.  Battery life is still amazing getting on the average over two days with a single charge.  Recently took a cruise and the ATT signal was available up to two miles off-shore from FL.The Bad:  When I travel out of state, the phone goes into a "Roaming Mode" and battery life decreases considerable to less than 24 hours.  Perhaps, this is related to my service plan w ATT but they are not the cheapest one and not a fan of ATT.  Additionally, when I travel and change cities/states, the phone must be rebooted in order to find a proper signal and even the location services trough Google Maps.  This did not happened when traveling with my Droid X with Verizon two years ago.  BTW, ATT includes plenty of useless software with their contracts and it can not be removed.Final Words:  Although I am very satisfied with the HTC One (M-7), for my next phone I plan to buy an unlocked Nokia with Android OS and select the best Carrier for the money at that time.  ATT and VZN fees have become quite pricey and I consider that Nokia phones have unique features that make them better devices.Hope this helps you all...----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------May 16, 2013 Comment:  After some rumors from VZN on having the One, the phone that they are introducing next week is the Nokia 928, a device that seemed great last year (ATTs-920) but Big Red still does not have any official word on the One availability which is the NOW PHONE.  And just 48 hours ago, Samsung acknowledged that their only available version of the Galaxy S-4 (in 16 GB) was been questioned as their MSD card did not allowed installation of Applications on it, so consumers were running short of memory and devices having lag in performance.This reminds me of the Antenna-Gate Issue w the Iphone 4 (2010) that Apple never truly acknowledged but they decided on sending free "bumpers" to all users, to prevent the induction of the antennas while holding the phones.  On their Iphone 4-S the antenna placement was re-designed.Sammy, in three years you have already four version of the Galaxy?  This reminds me of that monopolistic Cupertino company and the Galaxy's still have a boring look, and regardless of the five inch Amoled, the device looks like one I will give to my mother.  And still a single speaker on the back while HTC has two super speakers on the front of the One?  Guys, get your act together.  The S-4 may have several gimmicks which are not useful on that day to day use of a cell phone.  And similar to the S-3 and the plastic back looks just very cheap.May 12, 2013 Update: I have been using my HTC One for three weeks and writing this review as a follow up to the first review published on 04/29/13. Overall the device has been flawless although the ATT signal is not as good as the one from VZN. My One is a silver 64GB phone that was preordered and even arrived before the expected date. After having used a Droid X (with VZN) for three years my major concern on getting the One was the non replaceable battery. Probably I am one of the few users who have a spare charged battery for all portable devices as live in a hurricane prone area and in 2005 (due to Hurricane Wilma) was without communication for over a week.The One's 2,300 mAh battery has been surprisingly good. I am not into Facebook or other social media and use the device as a Telephone, for MM messages, for Text Messaging, for E-Mails and the Sense feature is always looked at and many articles read (a really nice feature). Occasionally can watch a video or take photos but does not happen every day. Regarding the phone's settings, the Power Saver and Sleep mode are on as well as the Mobile data and the Bluetooth. Wi-Fi is off as have other devices that I use on said mode and the current contract w ATT allows plenty of data. So far the battery use has been as follows:Moderate Use: 1 day 11 hours consumed 51% of the battery. For me, Moderate use is 10-15 calls, 10 messages, Internet searching, Sense news and 10-12 photos.Light use: 3 days 12 hours used 75% of the battery life. Light use for me is 4-6 calls, 10 messages, Internet searching, Sense news and 3-4 photos.Heavy use: 3 days 5 hours have taken 83% of the battery life. This means calling everyone on Mother's Day (20+ calls) 4-6 messages, Internet, Sense and two photos.Having stated the above ratings, the HTC battery lasts much longer that what I had anticipated. BTW, I am in an ATT 4-G area with excellent phone reception and most of the time with Bluetooth devices. I charge the phone every other day or every third day and no power problems as of now. Of all the great features of the device, my biggest surprise has been the battery duration. And being 2013, so many awesome phones do not have a replaceable battery, such as the Nokias 920/928, some of the new VZN Androids and not to mention the Apple products which date from 2007 w/o a replaceable battery. Nevertheless, there are many alternatives to supplement power on these devices by external sources by simply a common micro USB connection (available anywhere) or even from your car's charger or even the computer.I was recently reading some reviews on the 16GB Sammy S-4 and seem they are having issues with the native storage capacity, especially w the 16GB version. The OS and Native applications do not allow users much storage. I was intrigued by this issue and looked up my phone DCIM source and with all the apps, ringtones & photos I have customized, these take less than 5GBs of the 64 that the phone natively have. But I have just one movie and not songs/albums playlists.And lastly, a recent controversy has been published as the One has not been updated from the Android 4.1 to the 4.2 platform. Having verified both of these, it might be useless as the One performs great and the newest version on the S-4 has some gimmicks that may look fine but will be useless for most users.News have been published that now VZN is planning to have the One after they had declined it because of their homologue DNA. But my dearest friends from Big Red, it is kind of late... Many users such as me, switched the amazing VZN coverage for ATT because you decided on not having the latest fashionably and optimal device. This happened with the Nokia 920 last year and with the infamous Apple products several years ago. Perhaps is time for the Big Red guys to re-evaluate marketing strategies. Good luck with that! You will need it.APRIL 29, 2013: I have had my One for 11 days and the experience has been great. A beautiful device that you can show on your work desk. Priot to getting it, my major concerns were not having a replaceable battery or M-SD card slot but have found out that was not necessary. Phone's call quality is great, the front facing speakers are superb, allowing a true stereo effect and the display has been surprisingly good even outside in sunny days. Perhaps, one of the things I like the most is the level of customization w/o using Carrier's applications or those from third parties. Sense and blink are new to me but were customized also to my likes. The camera has some innovative features which I have tried but is something I am not interested in a cell phone.Have been conducting some "home tests" on battery life and noticed that per the phone's battery indicator, its consumption might not be linear; it shows that most of the charge is used during the first few hours and below 50% takes more time to be consumed. Nevertheless, downloaded today a couple of applications to monitor which applications are most important regarding battery use. BTW, with average use making phone calls, text messaging, accessing e-mails and web browsing, have been charging the phone every 36 to 48 hours (similar to the Droid X). I am not into social media or extreme texting.Worth mentioning that changing from my three year old Moto-Droid meant switching from VZN to ATT but still in the 14 day return period. ATT's signal is not as good as Big Red but so far has worked for me (except when in underground places). I have no objective elements to compare the One to the S-4 as have always considered Sammy's phones "boring", too wide and cheap looking; phones not for me. The HTC One looks very well made and the combination of aluminum with glass and black background on the screen makes it very attractive for all those that have not seen the device in person. So far is a "keeper" and if you have one, experiment customizing it, a really fun experience.

I've been a huge fan of the iPhone since my first iPhone 3GS purchase back in 2009 (I've also owned a iPhone 4 and an iPhone 4s). But after hearing so many of my friends rave about Android OS and wanting a phone with a much larger screen, I finally decided to take the plunge and pick up an HTC One. If you want a feature-rich phone and love tinkering with the look and feel of how your operating system runs, and don't mind losing out on Apple customer service, this is a great phone. But if you like having a phone that's hassle free, that doesn't require you to look through forums to get it to do what you want it to do, stick to an iPhone.On the plus side, the One is a gorgeous device. The front-facing speakers make a huge difference when watching video or listening to music. The screen is big and beautiful. Battery life isn't that great, but with a short midday charge, you can make it through the day with fairly heavy usage (browsing, GPS, etc.). The Android operating system gives you the opportunity to customize almost every aspect of how your phone operates, from icon sizes and arrangements, beautiful widgets, and themes. But it also comes with a lot of frustrating essential apps from AT&T; and HTC that I could do without.For example, the dialer, messaging, and contacts all feel like a step back from my experience with iPhones. That said, one of the unique things you can do with your HTC One is unlocking your phone, rooting it, and installing an HTC One Google Play Edition ROM which gives you a mostly stock version of Android the way Google intended it. But it would be really great if you could get this right out of the box without the DIY work, or shelling out the big bucks for the off-contract device. Rooting your phone also voids any warranty you have on your device. Just another hassle you have to deal with in case things go wrong.Another heartbreaker is the camera. The image quality just is not up to par with phones like the iPhone 5 or the Nokia Lumia. For a flagship phone, and as the camera you'll have on you most of the time, consistently blurry, washed-out images just don't cut it. What's worse, the camera lens cover is prone to cracking. Without dropping the phone, my I found a crack right across the lens cover. If this were an iPhone, I could simply take it to the Apple store, file a complaint, and get a replacement. No such luck for non-Apple phones. After doing a search on the Internet, it's turns out this is a pretty common problem. Not cool.For now, my HTC One get's the job done, the quality of the screen alone as the primary interface between me and my smartphone makes it a worthwhile purchase. But the bundled software disappointments, and camera and build quality issues leave a lot to be desired. Once Apple comes out with a 5" HD screen, I'll gladly make the jump back to iOS.

I had the Iphone 5 before I decided to purchase the HTC One and once I received HTC One I realized this was a much better phone. The appearance is excellent as well as the software!

The biggest issue I have with the device is that it is glued/stamped together.  In other words, anytime it needs to be taken apart (for battery change or other repair) the phone is going to be pulled/pried apart. iFixiT gave it its poorest rating with 1 out of 10. Spending this much money on a flagship, I want it to last and have decent resale value.  One year down the road, after warranty...that's when I have a problem with HTC's approach.  Once taken apart, it will never be the same.  Too bad really, because it really offers a lot.

I own a Galaxy S2 (and iPhone 3GS before that) and was confused which one to buy next. The main candidates were Galaxy S4, HTC One and LG Optimus G Pro. Finally decided with HTC One and have no buyer's remorse! Was very impressed with the quality and performance. The display is excellent and has no purple discoloration seen in Samsung phones (and LG to a lesser extend). For the first time in many years, I can use the a phone without charging every day! The battery is lasting for 2 days easily! The camera is a delight and takes excellent shots with good quality. The HTC Zoe is very nice and built-in Zoe software create 30s clips with random photos and videos and has a professional touch. I normally dont use these kind of mobile photo apps, but was pleasantly surprised with the wonderful quality clips it creates (it has some bugs to fix though) - my daughter never used to pose for photos before - with the Zoe, she always want to take photos and watch the Zoe clip afterwards! I use my phone for office email and calendar, and they are very good and are miles ahead of the ones I had in S2(S2 with Android 4). Not sure if they are part of standard Android 4.1 or special HTC apps - in any case, they are very usable now. The BlinkFeed is good and gives you a news-stream(like Pulse) right on the home screen. And yes, I forgot to mention the front-facing dual speakers. With other phones, once you put a case, the volume used to be very low and suppressed. With the speakers being on the front, I no longer have the problem. In short, I will recommend this phone to anyone who is looking for a phone they wont regret buying.Pros:- excellent display (1080p - crystal clear)- excellent battery life (lasts for 2 days)- excellent camera quality- front-facing speakers- improved(and yes, usable) mail/calendar apps for office use with easy Microsoft Exchange integration- HTC Zoe 30s clips- HTC BlinkCons:- no micro-SD card slot- can not replace battery easily (not removable like Galaxy phones)- some bugs in HTC Zoe software

I posted this review on the international version of this phone before the ATT version became available, but since my HTC One version is the ATT, I decided to post it here with a few modifications. I have also added pictures taken with the HTC One to the image gallery:2012 was the year of the smartphone for 3 big companies: Apple, Samsung and Google. The iphone 5 was about the best looking phone ever made with a solid operating system and excellent support. The Galaxy 3 stole the spotlight with terrific commercials and a solid contender with Apple. And Google released the best phone, in my humble opinion, ever made until that point. The nexus 4 was and is cheap for just $300, receives upgrades from google directly, and is quite simply a stunner. Last year, however, the HTC One X was also released if you didn't know, and it was second best only to the Nexus 4. It had a terrific screen, great build quality even though it was plastic, and it was just a thin slab of sexiness that slid into your pocket easily with the best camera of all phones mentioned above. Yet, nobody knew about it.This year, it seems people are hearing about HTC, and Apple and Samsung will have to fight one more company to take the spot of best smartphone. In my view they failed last year as google offered a phone that was for the first time the best mobile experience ever put on the palms of your hands.This year, the HTC One has taken that place from google. The HTC One is quite simply stunning in and out. First thing I did was put an invisible shield to prevent any scratches and keep its metal body ever intact (something I do to all my phones since I don't use a case, and more importantly, I never drop these guys).Design:Google took the experience from apple, but apple kept the design hat. This year HTC takes the design to a whole new level. No phone ever looked this good. It's just the right amount of heavy to make it solid, the right amount of curvature to sit on the palm of your hand, and the right amount of beauty and industrial design. The word Stunning can't be used enough here. The speakers are obviously for audio, but they simply add to the art in a way no other phone has done before. It's a work of industrial art that puts every iPhone model to shame.Experience:Matches the iPhone point by point and offers MORE. Home screens, Facebook integration, widgets, and a whole new home screen where you get news and all of your social information in one place. For those of you who use flipboard heavily as I do, it's the same great interface to give you just the right amount of news whenever you need it. As a news junkie, it's ever appreciated. If you don't need it, just ignore it to the side. But it doesn't hurt to have Facebook set up so you can easily see what's happening in your social circles. Within 1 minute of set up, I had close to 52GB of music available to stream and save from google play music (a free service BTW on every android phone), within 10 minutes I paid my bill at Duane Read using the phone as a wallet, and within 30 minutes I had taken the best shot I have ever taken with a mobile phone.The user interface for those who don't know is Sense. Sense 5? Maybe? It's fast, capable of handling widgets as well as google's unadulterated vanilla android on the Nexus 4, and is quite simple. But don't mistake that for a lack of options like the iPhone's simplicity. It is still android and all the options are there. It outdoes Samsung's touchwiz, and apple's outdated IOS which is obviously the same interface from 2007. I like this as much as the vanilla android on the nexus 4, and like it even more due to blinkfeed. The only thing I miss is the ability to add lockscreen apps, but that's coming soon (we hope).A good part of the user experience is UPDATES. Apple and google own this sector with outstanding updates. Google more so since their updates are actually useful. HTC plainly sucks. Here is hoping they will update the heck out of this phone, and force carriers, especially ATT to push out updates. Don't let this be another htc one x where we wait 7 months for a released update. If not, support carrier versions and push out updates themselves. Give me a link and let me download and install updates without my carrier. Or is that contractually not possible?Screen:Best screen on any phone. 1080P. It rules them all, and outdoes the HTC One X from last year. This is the whole phone experience, and having this kind of a screen just makes the phone a pleasure to use. Comparing this screen with the iPhone 5 just shows how much apple needs a larger screen more than ever. It is simply impossible for me to use my iphone after using the HTC One as you feel absolutely constrained when reading webpages, looking at pictures, etc. Puts last year's Samsung S3 to shame. It's quite a stark difference.Camera:The camera here is a fantastic shooter. Don't be alarmed at the 4MP factor. The images have terrific resolution, excellent color, and fantastic low light resolution. What worries most buyers is the detail presence due to 4MP, and if you're planning to print out huge posters, then this is not the camera to be used. If you want memories, at any time of the day, recorded with great clarity, then this camera offers the best balance between light resolution and detail possible right now (in a smartphone that is), especially if you have an active night life. The resolution and clarity of night pictures is just, again, Stunning.Speakers:I wasn't as blown away by the speakers as others were. They are the loudest speakers of any phone or tablet I've tried most certainly, but I'm waiting for the day when the backside of a phone will be a massive speaker that truly reproduces music similar to a stand alone speaker. But just for the advance in speaker and sound quality, this is another move in the right direction, much like the camera.Sound quality:The iPhone 4 and Nexus 4 to date have the best sound quality of any phone I've ever used (I hear the International S3 has a Wolfson Dac, but I never had the chance of trying it out, so no comments). The HTC One sounds quite similar to the IPhone 4 in sound quality and that is a great factor for audio aficionados. The HTC beats enhancement just doesn't cut it for me, so I installed my own EQ app to adjust as I pleased, and the sound is just the sweet spot of clarity and dynamic range. Capable of driving over the ear AudioTechnicas M50 very well. These are all subjective remarks, hopefully someone will be doing some actual measurements on the HTC One soon. But these remarks should put some people at ease. This phone is not google's nexus 7 tablet with its terrible, anemic sound quality. No need to worry about that here.Battery:Big enough for a day of work, but fails in comparison the upcoming S4 and Motorolla's droid razor max hd. It will provide enough juice to power through 13 hours of work. A full charge the night before, plus stand by and a whole day of work totals about 20 hours of continuous use. Install juice protector and enjoy your battery last longer.Conclusion:Outdoes every phone released in 2012 by a mile. Sexy, stunning design matched by a beautiful streamlined interface. It's perhaps corny to say this, since it's overly used, but this is the BEST phone I have ever used. I don't think apple will match it this year with the same design iPhone 5s that seems hollow and fragile when compared to the HTC One, and same old icon interface. Much the same, Samsung apears to have followed Apple's lead and released an S4 that deserves the title S3s, since it's more of a continuation of a well established brand. But the same cheap build quality continues in a trade off for removable battery and micro SD. Something Blackberry seems to have managed in a better fashion. Their phone accomplishes the same with a better build quality. The only company that seems to be hiding the game is google, and theirs may be the contender with the HTC One for title of best smartphone of 2013.The HTC One is missing a removable battery and a micro SD slot which they make up for by charging you $199 under contract for 32GB, instead of apple's outrageous $299. In my view, it doesn't detract from the experience one bit, just like it didn't from the Nexus 4. I feel quite comfortable using the HTC One as my only phone and have already passed most of my devices forward with the exception of the Nexus 4. And depending on google's move, if they don't include LTE this year, the Htc One will be the only phone I'll be using all year long. And gladly so. What a phone.Update 1: The 4MP camera on this phone has far surpassed my expectations. The photos look vibrant, the colors look realistic and the night shots are quite simply stunning. Check out some of the photos in the images section. I am also getting upwards of 13-20 hours of battery life on the HTC One, and have also posted screenshots of the power section to the gallery.Update 2: ATT versions of this phone are lagging behind the international versions in terms of software updates. International versions are being updated to 1.29, meanwhile ATT is still on 1.26. The newer firmware fixes camera problems with overexposure and improves image quality. It also fixes an intermittent issue with the home and back buttons not responding for some amount of time. Problems I'm facing daily, but that don't detract very much from the experience.  I will remove a star from this review depending on how long ATT takes to update these phones since it's their responsibility to update software. If you're facing unresponsive back and home buttons, simple shut your screen on and off and they'll resume operating correctly,

The HTC One is the best Android phone I've ever used and the one I would recommend to others.  I think the hardware is the most satisfying part of the device because it is significantly better than any other Android phone and details like the aluminum finish and excellent display make me feel like my money was well spent.Positives*Aluminum construction:  The all-metal construction makes it feel excellent in your hand and assures you that you did indeed purchase a premium device.*"Boom Sound": The One has the best speakers of any mobile device I've ever had (phone, tablet, laptop). Once you've used them, no other mobile speakers are comparable for volume and clarity.  When used in landscape mode they create a stereo effect that adds to the quality of the viewing experience.  Boom Sound and the excellent display have quickly made the One my favorite device to watch any type of media.*Display: Clear, color accurate and bright.  A clear and accurate display are very important to me because when I purchase a flagship device I expect to get the best quality; the oversaturated colors of an AMOLED display do not appear high quality to me.*"Ultra Pixel" Camera:  Larger pixels are more sensitive to light and allow you to get better low light performance, which makes the One a great tool for documenting happy hours, indoor parties or the night out.  One of the new camera features that HTC has added is the ZOE mode, it captures a few seconds of video each time you press the shutter and allows you to either pick the best shot or combine them to document an action shot (ex: a friend jumping his BMX bike).NegativesAs with every device, there are some things that are annoying, however I don't think any of them are a deal breaker.*The device gets warm during medium usage.*Too large to safely use in one hand*Missing a capacitive "menu" button: you still have to search for the on screen menu button (location varies between different apps, which detracts from a consistent user experience) or you lose some screen real estate on the bottom edge b/c HTC has added a persistent menu button along the bottom edge.*Power button is difficult to press

I've had the phone for 9 days now, and have experimented non stop with all of it's features. I know it's not good for the battery but I was in the car for four days, I needed something to do.I read all the hype of this phone and had planned to purchase it when my contract with AT&T; ran out. However my phone took it's last breath about 10 days ago, being short on money I just went for the replacement. I had been using an HTC vivid, but when we went to make the claim I found out HTC had dropped the vivid. For some strange reason they decided to upgrade me all the way to the top phone on the market. Whatever, I'm totally cool with that. I could not have been more excited when I found out I was going to get the ONE. Within 24 hrs of making the initial claim I was holding my new HTC ONE.I am not exaggerating when I say this phone is ure perfection. It's sleek, and a real beauty to look at. Boomsound will absoultly blow you out of the water, keep in mind it's still a phone, it won't replace your stereo. But it is mind blowing the amount of surround sound this little phone can produce. The fact that this phone is a Beats product for me was a huge deal, as the vivid I had also featured Beats. The bass is awesome, the clarity even better and this time around HTC was more reasonable as you can get all the Beats sounds without the Beats brand headphones. I must say the headphones that came with the phone were quite decent. I can honestly tell you this is the first pair of headphones I've ever received with a phone or mp3 player that I fully intend to keep. Kudos to HTC for not cheaping out on these. Back to the phone, I was very iffy on the whole blinkfeed thing, but I just say after a few hours with the news that I chose coming to my homescreen, I found myself checking the headlines pretty often. It's nice to stay updated on the world without having to open an app. The camera although it's nothing "special" in the matter of megapixels is pretty much just effin amazing. For once a phone company realized squishing in megapixels won't improve a shot and in fact can actually ruin a good picture. I love that I take pictures and when I look at them it's so realistic I go can almost go back to the place the photo was taken. As for speed, this phone runs seamlessly, fast, and accurate. I load ages much faster than I did on my previous 4g phone. I haven't run into any issues.Plain and simple, like my title says, it's the best phone I have ever possessed. If your looking at this phone and have done your research so you know just what your going to get, all I have to say to you is DO IT!

this mobile is awesome!! perfect sound! perfect everything!! i love the camera!! it's all i wanted!! i recommend it to everyone

I had the first generation Note prior to this. It was a nice phone, but I have to say the performance of this, the beautiful screen and most of all...the incredible sound that comes from the front-facing speakers...all add up quite a package.Nice surprises:- beautiful design that feels well-built and looks great...feels good in hand- Infrared blaster built into the power button can learn other remotes- Camera performance is great and fast!- Different editing features for photos are fun and some are useful- Gaming performance is great- Call quality is goodOther Notes:- There is no multi-tasking app button, you have to tap the home button twice instead...it's not so bad once you get used to it- Power button is in a weird spot

Oh, hell no. That's cheap disposable crap design. Why do they do it? Is it really cheaper to solder things in or do they want to want to force you to pay more to upgrade than you would if you could just buy your own SD card or battery? Either way, I've never had any electronic device whose battery performance didn't get weaker within 1.5-3 years so why the hell would I put up with that for a phone that costs as much as a middle-of-the-road laptop I would expect to get at least 3 years out of. I was excited about this phone but finding that out was a major disappointment.

UPDATE 12/20/13: Well, I'm lucky my phone was still under warranty. As of now I am going to be sent a replacement. The wifi inexplicably started having severe issues two days ago. It was constantly dropping my home wifi network. The issue only became worse after I installed an AT&T; software update (bad decision, I know), now most of the time it was stuck on "Turning on...". I eventually went to att online support and the only solution was to factory reset the phone.However, it seems the problem with the wifi was not software related. So now I have a phone with no apps, not enough data in this billing cycle to redownload a few essential ones and on tenterhooks waiting for my phone to be delivered before I leave for the holidays. :(---I have to say I'm very happy with the size of this phone, foremost. It is basically the same width as my old HTC Inspire, just longer. I really dislike this trend of making phones bigger and bigger, turning them into unwieldy fablets. If you want a reasonable sized phone with a metal body and don't want an iPhone then definitely get this.Instead of five screens for app icons you have four, the fifth is taken up by the Blinkfeed. The Blinkfeed is utterly useless for me and I have barely ever looked at it on purpose. But using folders and resetting your homescreen to another page makes the Blinkfeed's uselessness and screen hogging a nonissue.The camera is pretty decent and takes good photos in low light levels and though I have seen detailed comparisons of other phones cameras it isn't too bad taking photos outside either. The screen is lovely and great for viewing videos from Youtube, Netflix and even live TV. It's also pretty powerful and I've never had any real issues with playing graphics heavy games. It also has great audio.Overall I'm very happy with my phone. :)

I don't know how anyone likes this phone.  It is so terrible.  It is oriented towards people that constantly need to update their facebook/twitter profiles which is great if youre still a teenager,  but as an adult I need a phone that doesn't randomly delete all my contacts.  I will never purchase another htc product again.

I had the previous HTC version (Inspire) for several years with out any issues before the HTC One and I still like HTC, I think they make a good product.

Got this phone 5 days ago and I am very very impressed.. Build quality is top notch.. Software feels polished and not laggy at all.. The stock launcher is fine but I am using Nova Launcher since it's a lot more customizable.. Camera takes very good pictures and the fact that I can move pictures between folders is a definite plus.. The ability to use the phone as a remote control is very handy and works great even with a case on the phone.. Overall, great phone..

After obsessive research I dove in and purchased the HTC One (64GB Developers Edition) about 4 months ago. Bottom line with this phone:Good1) Plenty fast2) Super sleek design3) Actually like BlinkFeedNot So Good1) Camera is disappointing2) Battery life is mediocre3) Unlit Home and Back Keys are AnnoyingEvery phone has pluses and minuses, that is understood. Intuitive use should be at the top of the designer's and engineer's list. The problem? The Home and Back button's backlighting is controlled by the light sensor (located on the top left of the front of the phone). In many lighting situations, the buttons don't illuminate and are difficult to see. This causes the user to have to hunt blindly for the buttons. The poor functioning of the Home and Back buttons seems like a small issue, but it is a hassle you will deal with constantly. The lack of a decent camera can be mitigated  - I have a good Nikon SLR for when I want top notch pictures, but dealing with the Home and Back buttons is an everyday annoyance. HTC could easily fix this by allowing the user to set how the Back and Home buttons illuminate (Auto, On or OFF). My advice: get the Google Play edition of the HTC. Pure Android is the way to go.

Ok it's up to par on a standard level with phones released of 2013 only thing it does better is sound. I doesn't have any unique features either. I did love the htc feed news thingy where your home screen shows news updates on latest stuff you like. Other than that it was a normal experience I needed up trading it for a iPhone 5! The resale value is also high I think as of summer 2013 it's going for $450 easily on crsigslist if you can weed past the low lives that  offering you $200 but your specify may be different. So I'd get this if you don't want to follow the android crowd that loves galaxy this will really feel different in your hand.

I'll let the more verbose reviews woo the potential buyer with the features of the phone and all the positive attributes.  I like it as well, with a couple complaints.1) Bluetooth is not as intelligent as the iPhone.  From the car-installed bluetooth, when the user presses the 'call' button, the instructions from the phone on making a voice-dial call are NOT relayed through the Bluetooth.  So if the phone is in the user's pocket, or face down on the passenger seat, its likely to not be heard at all.  (**IF the phone is mounted in the HTC Cradle and in 'Car Mode', the user may press the 'speak' button on the phone and the call instructions are relayed through the Bluetooth).  Additionally, when using the navigation feature on Google Maps, the turn-by-turn narrations are only played through the Bluetooth IF the user is playing Bluetooth audio from the phone at that time.  If the radio or other audio mode is in use on the car, the turn-by-turn directions are played only through the speaker on the phone.2) Blinkfeed has a pretty limited selection; hopefully this will broaden a little bit to include local news stations, photoblogs, etc rather than only the pre-selected options.Don't get me wrong, I'm a fan of the phone, but coming from iPhone it is a little frustrating to go backwards on Bluetooth functionality front.  Another positive I haven't seen mentioned in the other reviews -- HTC has made switching from iPhone incredibly easy.  The ability to bring in my playlists, pictures, notes and other data from my old phone to the HTC made jumping ship a whole lot easier.And, of course, Zoe rocks!!

Earlier this year, I jumped ship from Apple (the iPhone 5, specifically) to Samsung's Galaxy Note II. In the process, I also went from AT&T; to a rival carrier offering unlimited data and slightly lower monthly bills. While I liked the Note II very much, the data speeds on the other carrier were so poor that, only four months later, I found myself willing to eat the very large early termination fee and switch back to AT&T; (who I knew firsthand to have LTE in this market). Since I was switching carriers and had the option to get a new phone, I figured I might as well pick up the latest and greatest on the Android front. Plus it just happened to be release day.So, I now find myself in possession of the HTC One, and I can say without hesitation that it's the best smartphone I've ever owned (and that includes the Note II, the iPhone 5 and the previous generation iPhones I've had in the past).As I said, I really liked the Samsung Note II. The display size, for me, was not completely absurd, though the display quality wasn't entirely to my liking -- not crisp enough, and it had the slightly blue cast I notice on Samsung's Super AMOLED displays. The plastic build on the Samsung was also disappointing. I recognize that most people put their phones in cases, but I do not. I'm not careless with phones, and I've never been a fan of needlessly bulking up a device. Finally, Samsung seems to have a knack for stuffing in a lot of "gee whiz" features that seem impressive at first blush, but then get ignored completely because they're simply not very useful.Those issues are all completely absent from the HTC One. While going from a 5.5" display to a 4.7" one was a bit uncomfortable initially, I've gotten used to it... and, yes, the smaller device is a bit easier to handle with one hand. But the HTC's display is spectacular. It currently has the highest pixel density of any smartphone on the market (and some that haven't hit yet -- like the Galaxy S4), and text is amazingly crisp and smooth. It's bright enough that I usually keep it at half brightness comfortably. And the colors look natural, unlike the hyper-saturated look from Samsung.The phone as a whole feels solid, but not heavy. It's heavier than the iPhone 5 (which honestly feels almost hollow), but it conveys a sense of substance, which is appealing. The HTC One is the first phone that matches the iPhone 5 in fit and finish, but takes it a step further by incorporating an industrial design that is more beautiful than the stark simplicity of the iPhone 5 without straying into "over-designed" territory. It's simple, but interesting and thoughtful... and it feels wonderful in the hand.Having gotten used to Samsung's UI overlay, there was a little bit of a learning curve when switching to the HTC device, but in the end, I find it a much more elegant experience. Samsung tends to needlessly complicate things in a very ham-fisted way. HTC's Sense UI is much more subtle, and one gets the sense that every decision that was made in its creation was done thoughtfully and purposefully, instead of "just because we can." There are fewer bells and whistles, perhaps, but the ones that exist are genuinely useful and polished.The front-facing, stereo speakers are great. The device can pump out some serious sound, and once you experience a stereo sound source, you'll wonder how you were ever satisfied with the sound quality on other smartphones. I'm not entirely convinced that Beats Audio is much more than a marketing gimmick, but there's no denying that having two front-facing speakers on opposite ends of the device make for a great listening experience.The built-in IR blaster is an interesting addition. Its functionality is wrapped up in a pre-installed app that asks for your cable provider and location, lets you set up remote control functions for TV, cable box and A/V receiver... and then ties it all together. There's a handy feature that displays shows that are currently broadcasting (there's even a handy progress bar at the bottom so you can see how much of the show is remaining) and allows you to jump straight to them with a push of a button. You can also store multiple remote setups for different locations/TVs.The camera. Ahhh, the camera. HTC very wisely eschews megapixels in favor of larger pixels on the sensor. Anyone who knows anything about digital cameras knows that devices touting extremely high megapixel counts are usually just pandering to an ill-informed consumer. Today's smartphones, with very few exceptions, all have the same camera sensor size. By stuffing in a greater megapixel count, the manufacturer is simply shrinking the size of the individual pixel... to fit more of them on the sensor. This results in very large photos, but at the cost of low-light performance. A tiny pixel on a sensor is capable of capturing far less light than a large pixel. The HTC One's rear-facing camera is a 4MP camera. Compared to the iPhone 5's 8MP camera, that sounds like a huge step backward. The reality is, unless you're planning to print out poster-sized photos, 4MP is more than sufficient. (And, no joke, if you're doing poster-sized prints, you should be using a real DSLR -- not a phone.) The physical size of the sensors in the One and the iPhone 5, however, are very close -- though, in fact, the HTC One's sensor is actually a bit LARGER than that of the iPhone 5. But it has half as many pixels. The pixels on the HTC One's sensor, however, are twice as large. Why does this matter? It allows the camera to capture more light much faster, which means superior low-light performance. For me, that's a big deal, since 90% of the time I use my phone to take a photo, it's indoors -- frequently in a dim environment. The One's better innate low-light performance combined with the fact that it has optical image stabilization (as opposed to the inferior *electronic* image stabilization that most smartphones use) means more detail and better shots in darker situations.In addition to the camera hardware, the software is excellent. I didn't realize how pedestrian Samsung's camera app was until I used this one. The settings make more sense, offering a nice level of control without being completely overwhelming, and it's all very intuitive.One of my absolute favorite features of the HTC One is the Zoe feature (short for zoetrope). Instead of just capturing a still frame, Zoe mode captures a 3-second movie clip. You can pull out a full-size frame from the clip if you want, but far more interesting is to let the phone create an event highlight reel. Within the gallery app, photos and Zoes are organized into events (by date, as a default, though they can be reorganized as needed) and a highlight video is dynamically generated, which can be shared. These highlight videos are incredible. They seem to make even the most mundane subjects look interesting and exciting. They're only around 30 seconds each, but they give a much more rich and vibrant sense of the event. You can select one of six different "themes" for the highlight video, and you have the option of specifying which Zoe clips are included, but it literally takes seconds to create a polished, compelling video that would be a thousand times more interesting for others to see than flipping through a series of flat photos. Zoe and the highlight videos I think make one of the most promising new vehicles for sharing experiences I've seen in recent memory.The downsides are well documented in other reviews, the two biggest being the lack of a micro-SD slot and a battery that is not user-replaceable. For me, these are a non-issue, but their importance will vary from user to user. The HTC One is available with either 32GB or 64GB of storage at this time. On my Note II, I had 16GB internal and a 64GB micro SD. After four months, I was using well below 16GB of storage space -- my storage needs simply aren't that demanding. The HTC One, meanwhile, has twice that much space. And to upgrade to the 64GB model is only $100 more. Honestly, since I'm still within my 14 day return window, I *may* end up trading mine for the 64GB model, just so that I never have to think twice about it -- I will definitely be using the camera more than I was on the Note II.Some folks like to be able to add aftermarket, higher-capacity batteries. That would not be possible on the HTC One, but those high capacity batteries also add significant bulk and weight, which does not appeal to me. The micro-USB charging cable is easily available, and it's not a big deal to plug it in once in a while. That being said, the HTC One should have no trouble making it through a full day of fairly heavy use without needing a charge, but this will vary wildly from user to user. I'm also not concerned about the battery going bad. In several years and several smartphones, I've NEVER experienced it with any manufacturer or device, and I don't expect it to suddenly become a problem.Really the only thing I might change on the HTC One is the position of the power button. I tend to hold the phone in my left hand and use the touchscreen with my right. Since the power button is on the top left corner, it requires quite a stretch with my left index finger to turn on (for checking the time, for instance, since I don't wear a watch). The power button, meanwhile, on the Note II was placed exactly where my left index finger rested when holding it, so I considered that placement ideal. I'm sure I'll get used to it.If that seems like a minor thing to quibble over, that should give an indication of how satisfied I am with the device.Android has finally caught up with iOS in terms of polish and performance. iOS, in fact, is getting a bit long in the tooth, whereas Android is very aggressively improving and evolving. So the software on the HTC One is great and eminently usable... and the hardware design is *at least* as good as the iPhone 5.I repeat: this is the best smartphone I've ever owned.

I was pretty skeptical about the HTC One at first. I've had various HTC devices over the years, some with appalling disappointments, others firing on all cylinders. I read the reviews for both this phone and other phones in competition with it and came away undecided. The new Samsung wasn't enough of an upgrade for me so I went for the One. I am so glad that I did.Styling, form and feel: From a practical standpoint, this phone's design makes it very comfortable to hold. It's really amazing how naturally the phone falls into, and sits in, my hand. This makes it a pleasure to use. Also, I'm really glad that HTC put the speakers in the front. My wife and I regularly watch Netflix before bed. We had been using our iPad for that, but I was always annoyed that I had to cup my hand around the speaker in the back so that both of us could hear. Not so with this phone. Seriously, it should be the next design craze. Ergonomically, the power button is located in an awkward location (the top left). I have to use both hands to turn the screen on/off, which I don't like with a phone of this size.Screen: The HD screen is amazing. Websites, text, pictures, and videos are all just amazing to view. Some people complain that it's 0.3" smaller than the Galaxy S4, but I really don't notice that minuscule of a difference. I actually like the natural contrast and color representation, much more than the blown-out, cartoon-looking colors on my wife's Samsung Galaxy S3.Sense 5: I was really impressed with the way HTC pared down Sense on the HTC One. Some of the past iterations were too far removed from the Android experience and tried to add redundant mechanisms of the UI. In contrast, Sense 5 is very minimal and simplistic. I have owned and used Nexus devices since the Nexus One. I can honestly say that Sense 5, although not a true vanilla Android experience, is not intrusive or overwhelming in the least. I wasn't excited about Blinkfeed, at all. After using the phone, I can't say that it's life changing, but I have caught myself sliding over to that screen to catch up on news and friend's statuses. It's nice that I don't have to open a specific app the get that information. It's all right in one place. In contrast to Touchwiz that Samsung uses, HTC Sense is very, very refined. The fonts are cleaner and more "business-like" and the menus aren't overly cartoonish.Battery life: I am not a very heavy user. While I'm at work, I might occasionally check to see if I have received any missed calls or text messages. I read the news and watch YouTube videos on my bus commute to/from work. When I get home, I listen to music while I cook or when I'm at the gym. My wife and I watch Netflix before bed. I have gone, literally, 20 hours on one charge. Granted, I trained the battery for the first two weeks (letting it die completely before charging it) and I don't use my phone very much during the day. That's also with the battery saver on. It's very impressive, but not uncommon for me. The Xperia ZL I owned would do the same. Again, not a power user.Camera: Just okay when I'm out and about. Great for a quick shot indoors and at parties. I use the DSLR camera for things that I really want to capture. Not a big deal and I honestly don't expect a camera on a phone to be life changing.Misc Good & Bad: I have used the IR blaster on my TV (Vizio) and cable box (Comcast). It's pretty neat, but redundant if you have the remote available. I love how buttery smooth the transition are and the flow of the UI. I really hate the awkward placement of the power button, the lack of menu button commonly found on other Android devices(but I did get used the the setup after a while), and the small, laser-like notification light.Overview: I am really glad that I chose the HTC One. Not because of how much I spent on it (not much due to the trade-in program HTC was running) and not because I'm partial to HTC. I really like the look of the phone, the feel in my hand, and the performance of the device in my daily life. I can honestly say that this is the first phone I've owned where strangers will ask me "what phone is that?"If you have an upgrade available or are looking for a new phone in 2013, the HTC One is a really, really solid phone.

Great features, solid feel, easy to use, love the camera and speakers.  This is the best phone I've ever had.

I always maintain my phone on my front pocket, one day I took my 1 month old HTC One out and the screen was cracked, not shattered, just cracked from corner to corner, but the phone itself was working perfectly fine. I decided to send it to service to HTC, since I believe I did nothing out of the ordinary to get the screen cracked. I was flexible to pay for a regular screen replacement if it was not covered by the warranty, but today I received the quote, $300!!!! In the quote they are stating that the case and the board need to be replaced and really do not understand why, since as I said, the phone was working fine, it was just the screen that was cracked, even the touchscreen was working fine. If it is a design error and the case and the mainboard need to be replace to change the screen, that is unacceptable.UPDATE: I just got off the phone with HTC, and for your own benefit, PLEASE DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE!. First and last HTC phone that I am going to buy. Yes, I did modification to the software, but that did not have anything to do with the hardware problem. They did use this as excuse to change the mainboard and change the case.

Great phone, Love it, best one I had. Gave up a iPhone and won't go back.  But It needs away to Lock in a wifi network without out putting in the password each time I come home or over a friends house.  Maybe there is and I don't know how yet.

Metallic body looks very good. Front speakers are great - finally someone thought of this. The zoe feature to make videos is super fun. Battery life is good so far and am weary of OS updates since on previous HTC android update started draining battery. All in all a good purchase.

As with all new phones, electronic devices, etc., there is a learning curve.  The HTC One has plenty of Storage memory for my uses.  As we travel and volunteer extensively, the ability to download numerous apps for the local areas is a plus.  Additionally, the ability to download, store and read pdf files works great.The flexibility to setup and use any one of the 5 pages as a customized home page is convenient and valuable for me.The one news page easily updates and can be customized for various news agencies, except Fox News.  Additionally, news topics are also available for customizing.  However, bookmarks are easily established for any news outlet desired.The battery life extends throughout the day, and the ability to extend the battery further can be adjusted with the power saver.  Also, the ability to review and delete apps, etc., is easily accomplished.The speakers are exceptional and provides excellent sound quality.  No more, can you hear me, or I can't hear you.Overall, the HTC One is the best handheld computer/phone I have used.  I like it a lot.  Did I say I really like it.I upgraded the phone through Amazon.com, and the activation was painless, which was my main concern when ordering the phone.  It went smoothly and activated almost immediately, and deactivated the old phone flawlessly.Additionally, I was able to use the transfer function and move all critical information from the previous HTC.  As a side note the HTC Inspire 4g, was given to DW.  The ability to transfer critical information from the old Iphone 3g to the HTC Inspire was flawless as well.So far, all the functions I use and need work as intended.  Did I say, I really like this new HTC One.Now, if it meets the endurance and longevity test, or until a more fabulous HTC hits the market, this is the phone for me.What don't I like about it?  If I were to look for something to criticize about the HTC One, well, I would really have to look hard and any criticism would be nitpicking.  Now, if carrier service costs could just be reduced, life would be perfect.Two weeks ago, Dec 2, I purchased our 2nd HTC One which replaced an HTC Inspire 4g.We love the HTC One phone.  The android systems works great, versatile, the sound is exceptional.We are using Wilson Boosters to amplify the signal in a very low signal area.  All calls are made using the speakerphone, and the the Hot Spot is our full-time intern access.The Sound quality is great, no outside feedback or background noise, even in bad weather conditions.  I never want another phone.  We are sold on the HTC One.  Maybe another HTC in the future if there are improvements.  Don't know how they can improve it.It is fun to use, easy to handle, What a great product.  Commercial over!  Don't know how the most critical user of cell phones could be disappointed in the HTC One.  Over now.

I had an Iphone 5 (company issued) and I just bought the HTC one, and have an opportunity to compare both side by side, here are my personal impressions:Screen displayHTC One is better than Iphone 5, not just because of the size of the screen, but it was better in screen resolution, I also can read HTC one better than Iphone 5 under the direct sun light situation,Ease of useiPhone 5's user interface is a little bit dated compare with HTC one, but I think from getting to direct phone, mail and calendar basic functions, iPhone5 is still the leader here, HTC one is a little bit complicated compare to iPhone 5, I also feel that some of the features provided with HTC One is better suited for a larger display device like iPad. HTC One is more of a hybrid between iPhone and iPad, two-in-one device.Android vs Apple IOSI have no preference here, both work fine for me, However, Apple seems to be more of a proprietary system compare with Andriod based device. I can very much transfer the content from my HTC One directly to my Wondows 8 desktop and vice versa without any iTune or intermediary account, cannot do that with iPhone.DesignHTC One is way better than IPhone, has that industrial design look and feel.CameraBoth are about equal. HTC One takes better picture indoor than iPhone.AppsBoth have zillions of apps in circulation, depends on which camp you belong, you will find comparable software application at both side, HTC One will function best with a Google Gmail account.ConclusionIf you are an Apple user with Mac and iPad, and is tied to an Apple account, you will be happy with iPhone, but if you operated in a mixed system environments, and you already have a Google account and like the Google way of doing things, you will love the HTC One.

HTC hit it out of the park with this one. I've never been a fan of their phones in the past because of reliability issues and their sense software was pretty bad. This phone is incredible. Build is wonderful. No case for about 6 months and it doesn't have a scratch. Design is beautiful. Screen is gorgeous. Camera Is hit or miss. It takes some truly beautiful photos sometimes. Other times they are awful. I like the idea of the ultrapixel camera but the technology has a ways to go. I love the wide angle lenses. You can capture quite a bit in a shot. The camera software is the best I've used. Adds a lot of useful features without making it complicated. On the software side sense 5 is hands down the best version of Android available. I even prefer it to stock android that comes on nexus devices. Adds a ton of utility while keeping it simple and fast/smooth as anything. The snapdragon 600 inside is more than enough to handle anything you throw at it. By far one of the fastest phones I've used, with the exception of the nexus 5. I didn't mention the speakers. They are everything their reputation suggests. Highest quality audio I've ever heard out of a phone. Could be a smidge louder, but I really can't complain since they're already louder than about everything out there. Also the fact that they face forward makes SO MUCH SENSE. Battery life is good as long as power saver is on. It's just okay without it. I only have 2 complaints. 1 is the button setup. It's awful. 2 capacitive keys doesn't make any sense. There are currently 4 actions bound to my home key. Tap, double tap, hold and swipe up. No logic in that. The other is the pre-installed AT&T; garbage. There are like 15 apps that you can't uninstall. Most can be disabled but really? I wont use pay to use AT&T; navigation over free Google maps. There are tons like that. And they add more with every update. I hate it. Not really a fault with the phone but the carrier.To sum it up, I will be an HTC customer for a long  time. If you're on the line, buy this phone. You won't regret it.

Great product from HTC. I got both the silver and the black and I'd say get the black one if you are hesitating about the color choice. Black looks more sleek and high end in person.

Glad I dumped my GS3. HTC One is ... The One. It feels thinner than it is when you hold it. And I just can't help keeping playing with it.BTW, I bought an unlocked phone from HTC website and it's about 100 bucks cheaper.

I have the One, my wife has the One Mini.  We both love our phones; HTC did a fantastic job.

Only real complaint is they put the headphone jack on the top of the phone!  I don't have bluetooth in my car, so I always have the aux jack plugged in for music, podcasts, etc, and now the wire protrudes from the top of the phone and runs down to the center console.  Extremely awkward.  I guess a top mounted jack works for folks who keep their phone in a holster at their waist and listens thru wired headphones, but really?Another thing, the message notification volume is now directly tied to the phone ringtone/ringer volume.  Not cool, as typically I like my text notifications much quieter than a phone call.Otherwise, phone is fast, display is awesome, HTC has cleaned up the music player (I had the HTC Inspire previously), and the email interface is much improved.

In many ways, this is the "MacBook Pro with Retina Display" of smartphones. Precision CNC machined aluminum unibody? check. Absurdly high resolution + high quality display? check. All of this backed up with amazing processing power (though that's not true of the 13" MBP+RD, but I digress) which makes for a smooth and engaging user experience.It's been a long while since I've been this completely satisfied with a smartphone, and for an opinionated smartphone connoisseur like me that is saying something...

This is hands down THE best phone I have ever owned.  The build quality is phenomenal and it blazes.  My previous phone was the Grey HTC One X (16GB AT&T;) and I thought that was the bees knees but this one smokes it.  I definitely am not having any feelings of regret on my choice.Pros:32GB disk space - Coming from the 16GB One X (and the iPhone before that), I have never had the luxury of expandable space options so I forced myself to either pick and choose the music/videos I wanted to have on my phone and got into the habit of either uploading pics to Dropbox/Box.net/Google Drive or offloading them to my PC.  To have the extra space is icing on the proverbial cake.  Of course, because of my old habits, I'm only using about 2GB right now.  I'm sure as I break it in more that'll increase, but for now, I'm good.2GB RAM - The saying always goes that more is better, and in the case of RAM, that rings especially true.  The One X, for all it's greatness, was sorely lacking in RAM at a paltry 1GB.  While this sounds decent on paper, and iPhones have never needed stupid amounts of RAM to work smoothly, true multitasking requires a lot of free RAM to work properly, which sadly was not the case for my former phone.  The One works beautifully in this regard.  Open a link from Facebook and spend some time in your web browser and then switch back.  Facebook is still there, on the same spot as before.  On the One X, if you switched apps for even 5 seconds and then switched back, Facebook would reload and you'd be at the beginning of your feed again.  Also, with the extra RAM, this helps keep transitions running smoothly without any stutter or freezing.  While the effects are merely cosmetic, it lends a sense of speed to the UI and you appreciate just how fast it is.Build - This thing is solid.  Coming from the polycarbonate-bodied One X, I really appreciate the heft and rigidness of the all-aluminum body.  The One X creaked at the sections were the case met the screen and it felt like it could snap if I applied any real pressure to it.  There isn't any weak points on this sucker as far as I can tell.  I opted for the silver instead of black as I wanted it to really pop when out and about.  That and with the placement on the dashboard, my dark One X would get super hot from the sun and I didn't want to chance that with this phone so I went with something a little more reflective.  Time will tell if that was a good choice or not.Screen - Holy smokes this thing is HAWT!!!  1080p SuperLCD screen.  The colors pop and the screen looks like it's literally floating at you.  It's so clear and beautiful.  Because it's LCD instead of AMOLED, it is really good in sunlight.  Screen never looks washed out, even when on max brightness.  Still tweaking it to my liking, but I have absolutely no complaints about the screen.  I still think 4.7-4.8&#34; is the best size for a smartphone screen.  Anything over feels comically large and anything smaller feels to squished for my fat thumbs and fingers.BoomSound Speakers - While I hate the name and feel that Beats is just increased gain and bass with no real improvement to the audio, I do love these speakers.  These suckers are loud.  And if you want to experience the (sadly) rare beauty that is stereo sound from a phone, you'll need to make sure the phone is held in landscape.  Holding your phone in portrait only gives you the volume....but once you separate the channels, it's like a whole new world for portable music.  I am very impressed with the speakers on this sucker.Cons:Volume Rocker - I do not like the way this feels.  Yes, it looks pretty, but without so much as a dip or a dimple, I sometimes have no clue if I'm pressing volume up or down unless I look at my finger placement.  I shouldn't have to second guess what I'm pressing.  Maybe I'm just being picky, and perhaps muscle memory will set in soon and it'll become second nature, but I shouldn't second-guess what button I'm pressing.MicroUSB port placement - I'm not really understanding the offset placement of the port.  I haven't done any research to see if it was a functional necessity for the internals, but to me, it's just weird to have it the port off to the right instead of dead center.  Of course, I hate having the port at the bottom of the phone at all since it becomes a little cumbersome to hold while charging so what do I know?AT&T;'s Bloatware - This isn't a knock on the phone itself, but rather the version I purchased, which is AT&T;'s.  They load so much garbage onto these phones that are unnecessary and superfluous and you can't completely remove them outside of rooting your phone and installing a custom ROM.  You can disable them, sure, but that space is still lost.  While I do like the AT&T; Hotspot function (it automatically joins you to any AT&T-branded; hotspot without the need for password entry or even wireless network selection, and DriveMode does have it's place in this Don't Drive and Text world we live in, there really isn't any need for CityID (Current Caller ID does a much better job without the need for a subscription), YP (ever heard of Google?) or AT&T; Navigation ($9.99/mo for Navigon navigation over Google Navigation or Waze....really?).  The rest (Code Scanner, Ready2Go, Locker) are no better than their (better) counterparts available on the Play Store (Ready2Go is essentially the same as the HTC Transfer Tool app) and should have just been something you could choose to install instead of forcing it on you.Other thoughts:IR-Blaster in the power button - While, to me, this is a gimmicky inclusion that I'll most likely never use past the initial setup and trial, I still question the placement of the blaster in the power button.  If you were to place this in a case that completely covers the power button, you've just rendered it inoperable.  Yes, using a case would render it inoperable regardless, but perhaps that should be a testament of NOT including an IR-Blaster on a $600 phone.  It's a phone, not a remote.  Also, because the button is a moveable part, it does run the risk of damage, which could break the Blaster as well.  I can't believe I'm saying this, but I prefer Samsung's solution on the S4 to this one.MicroUSB port clearance - Not sure if this is a design defect or feature, but my port feels really tight and I have to muscle in my MicroUSB cord into the port to get it to connect.  I've never run into this on any other Android devices I've owned and I don't know if anyone else experiences this, but it is a little unnerving how hard I have to push/pull on the plug to connect/disconnect.  I will note that cables other than the one provided in the box are a little easier to insert and remove, and the HTC-provided cord's holding prongs are definitely stronger than your generic cord, there is still an awful lot of resistance in the port itself.  Of course, this could be a blessing as it is definitely much less likely that a cord will fall out, but the pessimist in me also notes that if someone were to trip on or snag the cord, it's almost a given it'll yank the phone onto the floor with no qualms.Final thoughtsHands down, this phone is amazing.  I've only had it for a little over 4 days, but I can definitely see myself sticking with this for the next 2 years of my contract.  Now, to unlock, root, and install ViperOne!  Muihahahaha!!!

great audio and camera; friendly UIgood look and of course android is my favor.more colors are coming soon. but I can't wait anymore.

works great. no cracked screen or the camera cover. no issue with sensitivity even after the screen protector. only down side is battery. it's not too bad, but with heavy use, it will die on you within 8 hrs. with just normal use making calls, browsing net here and there.. it will last 2 days.

I've had this phone for less than a week, but it's by far the best phone I've ever owned.  Between my wife and I, we've owned the Samsung Captivate (a.k.a Galaxy S 1), HTC Inspire 4G, and the HTC Vivid.  We're fans of HTC's Sense GUI.Now, on to this One...Sound Quality:  unbelievable.  The two (2) front facing speakers seems like a novel idea.  Why?  Because no one did before HTC.  Why cell phone makers waited so long to do it is beyond me.  This really makes the One enjoyable to use as a "phone."  The speakers/drivers are high quality.  Incoming audio sounds excellent with zero distortion.Plus, having high quality stereo speakers makes watching videos a joy.  Especially for the use case where I want to show someone a you tube video.  And in noisy rooms, I can hear the audio just fine.  With the traditional rear-facing speaker on virtually every other phone, I'd have to place my hand behind the phone so that my hand could reflect the sound toward me.  I do not have to do that with the One.Brightness:  super bright.  I've learned a lesson from past phones:  outdoor viewing is not well-suited for all phones.  The One has an average brightness of 489 cd/m^2... the takeaway from this is that the One is brighter than the iPhone 5.  I've always been impressed with the iPhone's brightness, so have a bright phone is important to me.I wont address the camera since I've used it to shoot a few pics, experimented with the HDR mode, but that's about it.GUI:  Sense 5 GUI is much better than previous version of Sense (I've used Sense 3.5, and 4+ in the past).  It appears to be only a slight improvement over stock Android Jellybean.  I prefer this over Samsung's Touch Wiz GUI because I find Touch Wiz to be cartoon-ish (just my opinion).  I have stock Android on my Nexus 7 tablet, so I like how HTC uses Sense 5 to add special widgets, and graphics touches like how it displays running tasks in a 3x3 grid as opposed to a single column of stock Android.Blinkfeed:  Cool app.  This seems to be a sticking point for many reviews I've read.  But I do not want it as my home screen... so I made a different screen my home screen.  And from what I've read, Blinkfeed is not a drain on the battery.  That's consistent with my experience... does not seem to drain my battery.Storage:  I have the 32 GB model.  My old phone had a 32 GB sdcard, and I used about 16 GB of that.  So the 32 GB is sufficient.  Note that of the 32 GB on board, the user has access to approx. 26 GB for user data.That's about it for now.  I suggest you read a lot of reviews online.  The phone does not have expandable storage, nor does it have a user-replaceable battery.  If those are deal breakers for you, then I am sure you'll be happy with a flagship phone from HTC's competition.=================2013-05-11 Update=================A few points of interest with this phone:- GPS:  I only have the Galaxy S1, HTC Inspire 4G, and HTC Vivid (18 months old) to compare to, but GPS on the One locks signal within 3 seconds.  That's incredibly fast.  The other phone we've owned would take up to 30 seconds to lock while in a parking lot at work.- Zoe:  I watched a tutorial on youtube, then I used this for the first time a few days ago.  Incredibly cool feature.  Give it a shot.  It'll make an interesting 30 second Highlights Reel type video out of even the most mundane activities... like a dog lounging/playing around the house.- Chrome Browser:  Very slow (probably not the phone's fault).  I tried this instead of the stock Internet app.  Don't know what Google did to make the performance so sluggish, so I suggest you stick with the stock browser.- Gallery:  I like how HTC integrates all my pics from Facebook, Picasa (my Google+ Uploads), and Dropbox, all in one location on the phone.  Once you enter the Gallery app, the main page resembles the Blinkfeed page layout, and has several pages of tiles that you can select to views your pics.

buying something other than an apple or samsung could be a good experience - was my thought earlier.. and am so happy that I was proved wrong with this phone. sound quality is superb.. battery life is great and and the touch on the screen is super light weight.

I got the HTC One yesterday from ATT, and it has blown me away. As background, I have been an Android fan and my wife is an iPhone fan. I currently have the S3 and my wife has an iPhone 5. I was waiting for the S4, but upon researching HTC One (CNet has a good review and comparison), I did not want to wait for the S4, and I am very happy with the decision. Ironically, I came upon the HTC name because I was researching the S4, and saw that Samsung pled guilty to hiring students in Taiwan to write negative reviews about HTC One. Strange but true.Anyway, I am a tech junkie and wanted to provide some background to my thinking. In my opinion, an iPhone tries to combine high end components and squeezes out the best user experience possible from a limited, boring (and now aging) system-- in short I think an iPhone is a very efficient design despite its limitations. Samsungs are the opposite- powerful, almost garish (TouchWiz and the plastic body, cheesy software) and full of software without regard to how it would actually work- user experience is pretty bad as I can attest to using S Voice. S4 sounds cool but in my experience Samsung flings all they can at a wall and hope that something sticks (and it has worked for them). It's the opposite of an iPhone. In my opinion, HTC falls in the middle and combines the best attributes from the two. Power and flexibility of Android, gorgeous beautiful design (the best I have EVER seen on a phone), and software features that are useful and sensibly implemented. I love HTC Sense on this phone- it is light and responsive, and I really like Blinkfeed(seems to be a Flipboard/Windows 8 copy but it works). Camera software has been updated, and Zoe (short 3 second "films") is genius- I never thought how cool it was till I tried it.In terms of performance, the phone was very snappy and blazing fast with no lag whatsoever. Sound quality for calls was good and I particularly liked the speakerphones. Additionally, the sound from the stereo speakers was surprisingly loud, so much so that I could crank the phone up in a room and play music without needing external speakers. The highlight of the phone to me was the camera which excels in low light. HTC has halved the number of pixels (hopefully this will end the pixel arms race as it was getting ridiculous) but doubled the size of the sensor. So images in low light are outstanding and beats my S3 and iPhone 5 hands down.I'll update the review as I spend more time with the phone (I'll also be posting this on CNet). This may be my "honeymoon" period with a new phone and maybe I am over-hyping this, but honestly I feel this is by far the best phone I've ever used, and it is an order of magnitude better than anything in the market today. Frankly, I think this is better than anything that has been announced- including the S4. I'm a very happy user.UPDATE: It's only been a day so I did not put battery numbers but since someone asked me, I'll put my answer here as well. I went through a "normal" day today with regular calling, continuous push email from my work outlook email and personal yahoo email, some camera Zoe use and general "playing around" and had 50% left by the end of the day. I know that CNet's review had the continuous battery life at 9+ hours, equal to the vaunted iPhone battery life. Frankly, that is one of the reasons that I bought the phone as battery life is important to me. Given CNet review, and my limited experience today. I feel very comfortable about it. I'll update this in case my experience turns out to be different over the next couple weeks.UPDATE 2: OK. The battery life rocks.It goes back to my statement of this phone being a very efficient system- like the iPhone. I'm NOT a gamer, but I use the GPS/navigation a lot (in the excellent car mode for the phone that makes the display tailored for driving- large icons and less complicated and busy), emails all day for work, browsing/YouTube, making calls and camera. I also use the fantastic Google Now feature (not an HTC feature but an Android one)that figured out I was at the airport and automatically displayed my boarding pass on the screen-- genius. Anyway, I digress :). During my normal use, the phone has about 50% of juice left after the day. It's very comforting. I don't understand why people complain about the non-removable battery- if they at least use it first before complaining they'd realize this thing can go on for a long time. The other thing I discovered was setting up my phone as an IR blaster remote to control my AV equipment. In this case, it was the HTC software that made what could be a passing novelty into a really useful function. Kudos to HTC. This is an amazing phone. Just wonderful.UPDATE 3: I'm not sure if it is proper to do this or not but I'm feeling pretty good I did not wait for the S4. Here is a good review from Bloomberg that echoes the feelings I had about S3 I shared above. Looks like the S4 is no different. Link: [...]

This was meant to replace my iPhone 5, but it came up short.  While I love my iPhone, the tiny screen and stale OS led me to look elsewhere.  The specs on the HTC were too good to pass on, so I gave it a try.  While the build quality was great (aside from what felt like a flimsy and thin camera lens cover) it was still a step short of what the iPhone is.  The HTC felt solid in the hand but still had some quality issues like rough plastic edges around ports and gaps between the plastic and metal.  All that was minor though.  My main issues where:*Battery - I don't mind not being able to swap batteries, but this thing runs through a charge pretty fast.  My IP5 would make it to 5 or 6 in the evening without a charge, while the HTC, under the same usage, couldn't make it past 3.  I would be willing to overlook this if the thing didn't charge so damn slow.  While I didn't time them, it was clear the HTC took quite awhile longer to charge compared to the IP5.*Music - the phone didn't work in any of our cars via USB.  I've never had a situation where my IP5 couldn't at least push music through a car's speakers when hooked up via USB.*Touch lag/Accuracy - While this didn't drive me too crazy, overall, the Android OS is quite laggy compared to iOS 6.  Accuracy was also an issue.  I tried a few keyboards, but I just couldn't type accurately with the HTC, there were always wrong letters here and there.  I don't have this issue on the IP5 or a Samsung S3 that I've used extensively.  There was also issues when touching links on web pages.  Even with the bigger screen, I found myself having to zoom in to get touches to register accurately, while I had no problem touching the same links on my IP5's minuscule screen without zooming.*Camera - I like what HTC tried here, but the 4 megapixels just don't work in real life.  I'm willing to bet most people are like myself and take pictures where there's ample light for the majority of our photos.  The HTC photos don't suck in normal light, but they aren't anything better than OK either.* Warranty- unlike with Apple, HTC doesn't have a store to address warranty issues.  A warranty claim requires the customer to ship back the faulty phone on their dime and wait up to two weeks for it to return.  However, even without a store HTC should take notes from Apple on how to handle claims via mail.  Apple will ship a replacement phone after which you use the same box to ship back your old one. That means zero downtime.  I can't go a day without a phone, let alone two weeks and I don't keep a second phone as a backup.* Voice mail - Android does not have visual voice mail buit in.  This meant I had to use a separate app to get VVM.  This was especially annoying because the ATT app  was clunky, slow and gave me no way to retrieve deleted messages.

I really like this phone, especially the sound.  Pictures and videos aren't all that great, though.  And it doesn't have ideal functionality, so it's a little harder to use but other than that, it is a great phone.

I like blink feedSpeakers are awesomeFeel of the phone and size is really nice.Th&eacute; posstive revieves of this phone are accurate.

Came from iPhone 4S couldn't be happier with this phone. I can do everything I did on the iPhone and more!

What's one more 5 star review for a phone so excellent?After hearing how "difficult" Android is to use, I stayed with the iPhone until Apple made iTunes so uniquely tedious, inscrutable, and frustrating for my use, I gave up and got this phone. It's magnificent in build quality, appearance, display, operation, sound, performance, features, and ... ease of use.I have probably said nothing new in this review, but I wanted to add to the praise of this excellent device. It and HTC deserve it.UPDATEWell, I was wrong. It was a great phone until the 4.3 upgrade, after which the camera developed a purple haze (except for when in  bright light) and difficulty focussing. The purple haze, or pink in some cases, is well documented on the Internet and the 4.3 upgrade was supposed to fix it. I didn't have a problem UNTIL I upgraded. Customer support friendly but no help -- except to wait for next upgrade. Camera adjustments do not help. All software on phone is up to date.Update #2The phone continues to deteriorate in quality. The camera is still terrible, the phone has slowed while battery life has diminished in spite of careful (low drain) battery and application monitoring, and updates/upgrades are scarce, difficult to install at times and so far more destructive than advantageous. The sound is great, as is the display, but this is not a top-flight phone. That's a shame because HTC can build good products. This is not one. HTC still sends the occasional note praising their products while customer service remans friendly but ultimately indifferent.

Went from HTC Inspire to this phone and have no problems with it, other that learning all the new things it does!

I am now enjoying this phone, but switching from an iphone had it's ups and downs. Now a month later, I love it, but the first few weeks I kept getting super annoyed.Pros:More customizable screensnice large screengood speakersgreat cameracool function that allows these great video montages in a snapCons:Group texting is terrible and sent individually so you can get confused fastvisual voicemail requires a separate appvolume buttons difficult to feel for

Everything about this phone is great including display, screen size, battery life, processor speed, 4G and Beats Audio (acts like icing on the cake) !! Go for it ...

i love it because are 3 times fast then S4 well HTC one is the best of all android if HTC one dont though to create i new phone S4 was the best but here is it the new HTC one and IT IS the best of all androids together  really amazing

enjoying my HTC one, its a nice upgrade from my galaxy 2, really like the screen size and the beats audio.. the camera is good but i was expecting a bit more either that or i havnt tweaked it correct yet will see as i keep messing with my phone.. overall really enjoying it..

BackgroundPurchased this device at an AT&T; store on April 18th even though release date was scheduled for the next day. Replacing my Samsung Galaxy S3.Pros:Build quality - Superb.Feels like you are holding a real device, not some cheap plastic toy. I personally prefer this type of material over the S3's plastic feel.Software - Sense is sitting on top of Android. This version of Sense is much better than previous versions as it is less intrusive.  Hits all the right marks.Battery - Not the best, but better so far than my S3. I have three email accounts and blink feed running on this thing all day long so I do not expect much. I figure I get about 5-6 hours without a recharge with normal use. I expected more but I can live with it. Note: You cannot remove the battery.Call Quality - Excellent. No issues at all. People on other end sound great and they say I sound close to like I am on a land line.Screen - Wonderful. Bright, colorful, no flaws. Good in sunlight.Blinkfeed - I like it, others hate it. You cant turn it off fully, but you can change your home screen to something else. I think it is cool and convenient. It is a battery drain though. Limit the amount of info you want and it should help battery a bit.Cons:Camera - Not a huge fan, but it is very good for a 4 MP camera. They call it Ultrapixel or something like that. Do not get me wrong, it is not the least bit a bad camera, it is just not the best. the iPhone and S4 from what I have seen and heard are a bit better.No expanded storage - For some this is an issue. For me, not at all. 32 GB is more than enough for me.Volume rocker - small gripe for me, but the volume control is on the opposite side of the phone compared to what I am used to. It is taking some time to get used to.Final Verdict:Overall this phone is the best phone available on the market. I have always liked HTC phones, and this one is no exception. It beats the S4 hands down and is better than the iPhone, at least now. Some will say the S4 is better, bigger, faster, has a removable battery and a much better camera. I much prefer this quality built, well thought out device over the S4 and the iPhone.Highly recommended.

This is phone is so beautiful that I am in love with it! Its difficult to beat this phone in any department. Exterior design is very sexy and very sharp. Screen is awesome. Audio quality is perhaps best in any phone. If you use your phone for entertainment majority of the time, this the phone for you. HTC did good job with Sense 5. Its pretty intuitive. I also like the TV app, that lets you control your TV and reminds you of your favorite programs. Overall a great great phone! True companion. Coming from iPhone, I found this phone to be slightly larger in size than I am used to but I am beginning to appreciate the advantages of larger size. HTC One still feels comfortable in hands. I don't regret a bit moving from iPhone to this phone. Do yourself a favor. Go and buy one. You will not be disappointed.

I have always been a big iOS user.  For phones alone, I was an iPhone 3G user, iPhone 4, then iPhone 5...but it started getting stale.  Really stale.  Looking at my iPad and iPhone was getting boring, so I tried a few different operating systems.  I tried the Nokia Lumia 920 (excellent phone, not supported enough by developers), the Blackberry Z10 (too little, too late, Blackberry), and now the HTC One.Instead of doing a full on review (which you may have already seen a million other places), I'll just highlight what I really like about this thing and what I don't like about it.1.  The design of this phone is superb.  It's one aluminum shell, and it looks and feels fantastic.  The red Beats logo on the back really stands out.  The screen looks great as well.2.  The speakers on the front sound great.3.  It's snappy.  Really fast.  No lag to be found, even while multi-tasking.4.  The camera is very good in low light settings (although in normal settings, the Lumia is still the king).5.  It's Android, so there's a lot to be customized.  This is my first true experience with Google Now, which I'm really liking.What don't I like?1.  I'm not a huge fan of BlinkFeed - it seems like it wanted to be the Live Tiles from Windows, but without automatic updating (which could be there, and I'm just missing it), it's not that effective.  Luckily, I found a way to switch to a different home screen as you cannot disable BlinkFeed.2.  It gets extremely hot when charging in the car - I'm sure this is due to the metal construction.I'm sure I'll update this as I use it more and more (I've only been using it for three days), but so far, so good.HTC knocked this one out of the park.Final Score: 4.5/5

At the outset I have to state that the HTC One is easily the most premium made Android phone ever.  The design is sleek, satisfying and solid compared to competitors, and Android finally has a phone that, in terms of the form factor, is actually competitive with the iPhone.  It feels substantial in the hand without feeling heavy or bulky and it looks and feels very polished all around.The hardware specs, apart from the camera (more on that in a bit), are superb across the board -- 2GB Ram, super fast processor, 32GB onboard storage (note, not expandable by SD card), fantastic speakers (yes, fantastic SPEAKERS on the phone) and a ridiculously high screen resolution.  It's a loaded vehicle, to say the least.However, there are a few factors to consider when evaluating this phone.  None of them are deal-breakers in my opinion, but are things to be aware of when thinking about the phone.The first relates to the camera.  The camera on the phone is only 4MP.  Now, HTC has stuffed those with more sensors (calling this ultra-pixels) but this simply allows more light to be detected overall -- it doesn't increase the resolution.  So what you have is a camera that takes lower resolution pictures than the others in its category, but takes better pictures in lower light environments than any other phone camera.  That's a trade-off that buyers should be aware of.  Generally the resolution difference doesn't make that much of a difference unless you are in the habit of zooming in on your pictures or if you want to blow them up for some other purpose -- but if you like to do that, you will notice the resolution difference fairly easily.  The HTC One makes up for this by having the most advanced camera software I have ever seen on a phone (in terms of the options when shooting ... more than many standalone point and shoot cameras, in fact), and by having the auto-highlight function.  What that means is that the phone automatically compiles a highlight video comprised of stills and, if you shoot them, 3-second videos called "Zoes", from an event, and adds a filter theme and music (which can be changed and customized).  These highlights can also be set up manually with a bit more effort.  The highlights can be sent to others and are a very nice automated feature of the camera aspect of the phone, making it stand out from other phones, despite the lower resolution camera.  Overall, I think the camera is a plus for the phone, but if you are a resolution pixel stickler you may disagree.Second, HTC's user interface, Sense, has its ups and downs.  Generally it's clean, but it's quite quirky compared with other Android phones.  A few examples include (1) screen wallpapers, which require digging into a settings menu to change, rather than simply doing it from the screen, (2) the dock, which is now linked to the app drawer (that is, you can only switch out apps from the dock when you are in the app drawer), and the lack of a menu button (the phone only has a back button and a home button, unlike, say, a Samsung phone, which has three -- this means that the menu button functionality is scattered in other places and often in the settings menus).  It takes some getting used to, to be honest, and in some ways it just seems more limited than what is available on other Android phones.  Now if you're just going to install a different launcher for the phone anyway, you may not care much about Sense, although you will also lose some of the functionality of the phone (like the Blinkfeed, which most people seem to dislike anyway) if you do that.Third, the on/off button is in an extremely awkward position.  Due to the size of the phone, it makes it very hard to turn on and off without using two hands.  Now that isn't the biggest deal, but to users who are familiar with an iPhone or even one of Samsung's Galaxy phones, it will come as a bit of a surprise and likely an unwelcome one until you get used to using two hands to do it.  It seems odd to write about that in a review, but having used many different phones over the past several years, this just very much stood out to me on this one, and I therefore think it will for other users as well.Overall I think this is a great phone in terms of both form and function and well worth looking at for anyone interested in a new smartphone currently.  Do keep in mind that it does not have Android 4.2.2 currently, unlike the Galaxy S4, but it's expected that the upgrade will come within the next few weeks.====EDIT (11/13/13):  After using the phone now for around 6 months I can say that this is by far the most heavily used and favorite mobile device I have ever used.It took about three weeks to get used to the power button being where it is.  After that, it was a non-issue.  Now, if I pick up my GF's iPhone, my fingers go to the "wrong" side (i.e., the place where it is on the One), which indicates to me that this is just an issue of habit more than anything else.  It's true that it's a harder (much harder) phone to use one-handed than an iPhone, but that's the case with all of the bigger phones.  If you don't want a bigger screen, get an iPhone, but don't get a bigger screen phone and then complain that it is big.For people coming from iOS with this as your first Android phone, there will be a transition which may not be smooth.  Android devices aren't as good on a plug and play basis as iOS devices are, generally, because Apple is a better software maker than the device makers of Android phones are (and it's the device makers which make the stock apps for messaging and dialing and so on that are an overlay on top of Android on any device that is not a stock Android device).  The HTC apps on the phone are a mixed bag.  I find myself using the tasks app all the time, as it effortlessly syncs my tasks to Google Calendar (not common among task apps apart from a couple of them).  I like the dialer and contacts.  I do not use the HTC messaging app, because I prefer the new Google Hangouts which includes SMS/MMS abilities.  I use Blinkfeed all the time.  I use the Zoe Highlights all the time.  The camera is fine -- too many criticisms of it, I think.  The shortcomings of the camera are outweighed by the ease of making Zoes, and the auto higlight feature that is fantastic.  The interface is smooth, fast, the phone is lightning fast and sharp as a tack in display.I would heavily recommend this phone to anyone who wants a real top line Android experience with a nice HTC overlay.  If you are looking for a purist Android experience, go Nexus (I have a Nexus 7, and there is a lot to be said for stock Android, but having said that I much prefer the HTC Sense overlay for my phone).  if you are looking for a lot of doodads and add-ons, go Samsung.  If you are looking for a device that is almost 100% plug and play, with much less customization, go iOS and iPhone.  There are clear choices to be made in the market today, and this device is really designed for people who like the Sense overlay on Android.For people who are interested in the system version, AT&T; editions were pushed Android 4.3 last month.  I expect we will see 4.4 sometime in 1Q 2014 (being pushed right now to Nexus devices).

Totally exceeded my expectations. It's light, super fast, has great battery life so far, and always works. So far I have zero complaints. With moderately to light usage and the battery saver mode on I can get almost three days on a charge. Right now I'm at 43% battery life going on 1 day and 16 hours since the last charge.  4.7 inch seems like a good size too, It can still fit in my pant pockets though some are a little awkward.

I ordered this phone for my mom and she really enjoys it. She especially loves the news feed on the home screen.

My order was for an unlocked HTC, I have no usr for yjis phone.How can I return for an unlocked one??Maximo BoschBuenos Aires, Argentina

It is a bummer that a phone which is praised everywhere for construction design, has quality assurance problems which led to tiny gaps between front panels and the main aluminum body! If you Google " Gap in HTC one" you'll see similar issues which I experienced.To me the gap between front speaker panels and the body, even tough small, but were annoying. That's why I returned it as an exchange to Galaxy S4!!I used HTC one for a few days and got really familiar with it in the real world applications. Screen is sharp and bright, but a bit small for me who already had S3 with 4.8" screen (vs. 4.7" of HTC one). It is fast and apps opened in a snap, 1.5GB RAM (vs 2.0 GB advertised) is good enough and 32GB of capacity is more than enough for many users. battery is OK for a full day average use. Sound and external speakers are excellent!.HTC sense UI, even though very polished and sleek, but has its own quirks; for example I don't know why the Toggle pull Down bar doesn't have any useful shortcuts anymore!In my opinion if you got one with perfect built quality and don't mind the 4.7" screen, then go for it. If you are worried about changing battery later on, or want a bigger screen phone, go for Galaxy S4. Either way, you'll enjoy.

HTC has created a masterpiece. Htc one is one sexy phone;that is not the only reason you should get this phone. Under the hood this phone has great bells and whistles, in fact galaxy s4 US Version has the same specs. This phone def. beats S4, iphones in build quality, speakers, performance, design and updates. Speakers on the phone are unmatchable by any smartphones in the market. i was surprised when i hold it the first time. Build quality is excellent, a major step up from 2012 HTC ONE series.i am a galaxy s4 user and i got this phone for my dad. compare to S4, this phone is better in terms performance, call quality and speakers. This is the must have phone.Camera performance:This phone has amazing sensor packed inside, a huge step up from last year's one series. If you are the person who likes to posts photos on facebook and instagram then this is phone for you. if you are trying to replace your digital camera with this one than thats not going to happen. This phone packs 4 MP camera, so when you zoom in the picture for editing, right away you see lack of details. What this phone needs is bigger mega pixel to capture more details. If details is important for you then consider something else.Speaker Performance:Boom sound is amazing period. if you like music, and dont have speakers handy then this is the phone for you. this phone is loud and clear.

This phone is very impressive. I'm not an android phone fan, but I wanted to try this to see if I could be convinced to leave windows phone. The overall screen size, screen clarity, speed, sound, and battery life is outstanding. The camera could be improved though. In the end I was still unimpressed with android. Nothing against the phone. I gave it to a family member that I knew would appreciate it.

This is a simple review.  I am an HTC fan with my previous phone being the HTC Inspire 4G. As time for an upgrade approached I though it would be good to update to a phone that was faster and had better sound.  Unfortunately, to get a better speaker I didn't think I had to give up the WiFi. Yes, it does have wifi, but barely. I have to be within feet of an access point to connect.  Matter of fact, while I sit at my desk writing this, and my main wireless router only a few feet away, I only have 1Mbps connection.  I can line up the rest of the family's phones next to it and they have strong connections. I sent the phone in to have the WiFi looked and it came back with no change.  Now, I am stuck with it, including that fact that now it eats into my data plan.  I never had this problem before on any phone. If this is normal for this phone, I don't understand where the positive reviews come from.Note: it does process faster and when connected to 4Glte, it's awesome.  Matter of fact, I found myself turning off the Wifi at times because the connection is so bad, I don't get anything and it won't switch back to the 4G.

I love this phone except HTC Sense(sucks big time), and software to import contacts sucks big time.I updated this phone with Stock 4.2.2 and now it is just awesome phone ( except little gap on top of the phone).

I have had many phones from I phones to androids and this is by far the best phone that I have ever owned.

I do not want to repeat things others have mentioned. I will focus on camera and speakers.Zoe camera is absolutely amazing. It takes a phone camera to another level by its design not by pixel counts.Low light performance is much more important not only for low light condition, but also for taking moving objects. Pixel counts do not matter that much unless you are printing a large poster. If you are going to print a large poster, you would want to use DSLR instead of a phone camera. There is no way a phone camera can compete with a DSLR with high quality lenses. Can the tiny lenses of a phone camera truly product the resolution of the high pixel counts(GS4 has 13 megapixels)? I am not sure. Higher pixel counts do not necessary produce higher quality of pictures though the file size will be larger.The stereo speaks are also amazing. I almost feel like to find a way to keep them on while connecting the phone to a sub-woofer. If I can do that, I do not need external speakers. I am not sure if that is possible. If it is, the sound quality could beat those small shelf stereo systems.

I love this phone.  I just activated a stealth black HTC One from AT&T.;  The black matte finish looks amazing and helps highlight the high resolution screen.  I have used all the iPhones, Samsung Galaxy SIII, and HTC One X, among others.  This is definitely my favorite phone.Pros:- Aluminum build is top notch quality.- Beautiful high-rez screen.  Think of your big HD screen in a small package.  Great color reproduction- Phone is very smooth in scrolling and animations.- Quad-core makes the phone very responsive and helps int the smooth feeling- Camera produces very good lower light pictures than most any other phone camera i've used.- IR blaster - use your phone as a remote.  Works with TVs, Receivers, Cable Boxes, and DVRs- LTE - Have tested between 23Mbps and 63Mbps download speeds.  Of course, this can vary greatly depending on location and network.- Front-facing stereo speakers sound goodCons:Not many cons so far, and those I can come up with are minor-- No Android menu button means extra taps, etc. to get to settings- Comes with 4.1 instead of 4.2- Front-facing stereo speakers can be a bit loud if you're not used to it.Comments:I personally like Sense 5 (HTC's overlay) with BlinkFeed.  It won't please everyone, but I actually am getting to like it.Some have complained about the buttons being too recessed, but I like it that way.  Very little accidental volume up/down hits.

This phone is how phones should be designed. period. It is rock solid and feels like a true premium device in hand. You can instantly tell that there was blood sweat and tears put into every inch of this phone. While I've always disliked sense and rooted my phones to put stock android on my past HTC phone's ( EVO 4G, One X) I'm going to keep sense on this phone. The main reasons is that blinkfeed is very useful, once you sync your favorites and put your interests in the news it brings up is tailored to you. The best example of this was in tonight's NFL draft I had an updated feed on whom my favorite NFL team had drafted when I unlocked my phone.The next feature of this phone that I will praise is the &#34;boomsound&#34; speakers. While I wouldn't have personally chose the name boomsound these speakers are what every phone should have. It makes watching any video, listening to any music MUCH more enjoyable to watch on a phone. Coming from a tiny back speaker on the One X to two front facing speakers is night and day.The screen should also be praised as well. While my old phone the One X was praised by many to be one of the best of 2012 this screen eclipses that phone in many ways. The first thing I noticed is that the colors are much more accurately represented compared to last years phone. The second thing is that every thing is tack sharp, you literally cannot pick out individual pixels on this phone.While I typically do not use the camera on phones that often as I usually have a camera with me at all times I will give the camera on this phone an honorable mention. HTC has been bold to bring the megapixel argument to the forefront and prove that a camera that has a larger aperture will truly take better photos in most settings. Because face it most times that we take photos with a smartphone are in low light locations (indoors, at night etc.).I recommend this phone to anyone who is in the market for a new phone currently. You will not be disappointed.

I've had my HTC One for about a month now and have waited to make a review until I had adequate time with the device incorporated into my daily routine. I wouldn't say that I am someone who uses their mobile device in a frenzied manner all day long, but I do use it quite often for basic stuff like texting, email, keeping track of my daily tasks through the calendar feature, using various apps for sports scores, facebook and the like, and a few gaming sessions here and there when time allows it.I guess I can start with the NEGATIVES I have found so that I can end on a good note...Battery Life: If you enjoy long sessions of Candy Crush, Bejeweled, Angry Birds, or any of the other great games out there, this is either not the phone for you or keep a charger handy because games completely obliterate the battery life on this phone. Not sure why, but you can tell the processor jumps into overdrive to run games with how warm the phone gets as you play. I currently have the power saver mode on with screen brightness at approximately 75% and still will eat up about half of my battery life during a marginal sitting of game play.Touch Sensitivity: I just came over from the iPhone, which I have been an owner of through the last 4 versions spanning about 6 years. I have to say that the one thing I miss greatly about my iPhone is how well the touch interface worked compared to the HTC One. With the screen itself I find that there are times I am pressing my finger on the same icon, especially within the calendar app, without response for ridiculous amounts of time. Not sure if it is me just being spoiled with how well the touch screen worked on iPhone, or if it is a normal occurrence on Android devices, but it is pretty bad. Not all the time though. There are actually moments that it is too sensitive, for instance when scrolling through a page on the web browser or scrolling on facebook and my finger sliding up the screen activates a link instead of continuing the scroll. All in all the touch interface is not up to par with what is on the iPhone in my opinion. Maybe it is something that can be fixed or adjusted with a software update in the near future.Home/Back Button: This ties in to the previous section about the touch sensitivity. The buttons at the bottom of the screen are very unresponsive at times too. To get into your multitasking page you hit the home button twice..... in theory. I have found that it takes me about 6-8 presses to get to this screen because the home button doesn't register the presses accurately. The back button has the same problems where there are times I am just pressing the buttons at the bottom of my phone time after time.Keyboard/Typing: This is actually something that is going to show up in my positive section as well with regard to keyboard and texting interface. What I deem a giant negative is the actual typing. Again I will compare it to my iPhone since it is all I have ever known differently than this phone. The typing on this device is terrible to put it plainly. I have all but given up typing on the keyboard and resorted to the swipe feature (positive section) because of how inaccurate and laggy the it is. I have actually eve tried typing as slow as I can and still manage to hit wrong keys therefore making spelling errors, which I know are autocorrected. It's the mere quantity with the inaccuracies that is annoying really. In a given sentenced typed I will have more than half the words spelled wrong when I go back through it to correct them so I can actually send the text forward. I never had any of these issues on my other devices, and that was a WAY smaller screen. Hopefully another item that can be fixed with a software update.Old Software: This is soon to change obviously, but as it stands right now the HTC One runs on a version of Android that is older than most of its competition, including the Samsung Galaxy S4. The update is rumored to be on the way later this month, but I am told that HTC is a company that is notorious for dragging their feet with keeping their devices up to date with the latest, updated software. A couple things I would like to see would be a better calendar ( the one currently is very basic and lacks anything with regard to features) and a better or updated web browser (maybe i was spoiled with Safari, but the web browser is not what I would deem very good on this device).AT&T; Bloatware: This may be more specific to carriers, but with the AT&T; model there are pre-loaded apps that you cannot get rid of unless maybe there is a hacked way of doing it which I will not venture into doing lacking the necessary knowledge. I got the 32g version and found that from the very beginning I had only about 27g of space on it because of all the useless stuff already on it compliments of AT&T.; Keep this in mind when making your purchase and choosing which carrier to go with I guess.Enough bad stuff. On to the POSITIVE...Under The Hood: Without getting too technical, let's just say this thign packs a punch with some impressive hardware. The actual specs are in the description so there is no point going into that, but this thing loads web pages with ease, plays videos without issue or buffering, downloads quickly, and I have been getting better 4G speeds than my home Wifi that runs on a cable connection at about 25mps is getting me.Screen: Highest pixel density of any phone out there, and one of the most gorgeous displays you'll find.Speakers: Don't misconstrue what the whole Beats audio thing is. It is not special speakers. They are merely front facing speakers (what a novel idea right?) that are amplified. And boy do they sound good. There is a setting where you can disable the Beats amplification, but with it the sound is so rich for something coming from such small speakers.Camera: Much has been made about the camera both positively and negatively. Why people get so caught up in numbers is beyond me really. Megapixels mean nothing to me if the pictures I take come out looking good in whatever lighting I take them in. The whole purpose of the ultrapixels with this device is to take better low light pictures. I find that that is really where I use my phone for pictures anyway. Inside my house snapping a pic of my dogs doing something funny, at an event our outing with some friends, or wherever. Mostly when I am outside I have a camera with me anyway, but even as I have used the camera on this device outside they have come out just as good as any other I have used. Haven't messed around with Zoe too much, but it and the other available features are an amazing and fun addition to play around with.Blinkfeed: The controversial Blinkfeed!! While this something I originally thought I wouldn't like, it has actually grown on me. It doesn't get in your way if you don't let it and can at times become an afterthought or forgotten about all together. You can set your homescreen as one of your other pages of apps so unless you physically scroll to your Blinkfeed, you won't even know it's there. I find that I use it most when I get up in the morning and sit eating breakfast. I will refresh the feed and just scroll down through the pages of news, reading samples of various articles. It is fully customizable to your interests like gaming, technology, sports, etc., and you can also link it to your facebook and Twitter feeds.Texting/ Swipe Feature: As I said before I am very new to the Android world, so forgive me if this isn't an HTC One specific item. I did though want to add that the swipe feature with texting is one of the coolest things I have used. With all the problems I have had actually typing, this was my last ditch effort to remedy pulling my hair out with frustration as I typed misspelled word after misspelled word.  I use swipe with just about everything. And if it doesn't know a word, simply type it in and choose it as it shows in the suggested column of words and the phone learns it so that you can swipe it next time you need to use it.Overall this is a fantastic phone with a few minor imperfections. I was nervous to forgo the iPhone 5 in favor of this one and am not sorry I did. I love the fully customizable features of Android's OS and the HTC One greatly enhances those features with a gorgeous display, powerful hardware, and a solid starting off point with regard to software items. The functionality also gets a serious boost with the front facing "Boom" Sound  speakers and a camera that I feel holds up quite well to any of the others, and maybe even surpasses them in its own software features.

This phone is a beauty to behold. With sleek lines, the fit and finish of an Italian sports car, and a lightning fast processor under the hood, the HTC One lives up to the hype.Here are the pros and cons of this device after having used it as my primary mobile phone for the past 5 weeks.PROS- Size. -This is a good compromise between the gigantic phablet phones and your grandma's flip phone from 2005.- Screen. -A very, very sharp screen with oustanding detail and beautiful color.- Speed. -This phone is fast. Very fast. Did I mention it's fast? Cause it is.- Quality. -This thing is built like it was ordered by an ancient Egyptian Pharaoh. It is refined.- Storage. -The default 32gb storage beats out a lot of the competition. Plenty of room for media.- Sound. -The dual stereo front-facing speakers powered by Beats Audio are awesome. Expect to hear the best sound you've ever heard from a mobile phone speaker... just keep that in perspective. It's still a mobile phone speaker.CONS- Camera. -This is barely a con. I mean, the camera is actually pretty good, I just expected it to be better. It's certainly adequate,  but nothing else about this phone exudes "adequate", so it disappointed me. Slightly. It's not a deal-breaker.- Battery. -Again, it's adequate, but just so. I'm a moderate to heavy user and I get about 6-8 hours out of the battery. By the time I get home after a day at work or out running around, it's time to plug it in.- The "Home" Button. -The only way to activate the screen is the recessed home button at the top left corner of the phone. The button requires a little more force to click than you'd expect, and seems to be in a rather awkward spot. I've actually dropped my phone a few times when trying to hold my phone and click the home button with the same hand.*My phone is completely undamaged after both of those drops. They were from about 5 feet onto a hardwood floor.Overall I am very satisfied with my purchase and will update this review as I continue to use the device.

Simply the best in all respects. Easy to use, sound quality extraordinary, quick page loading, brilliant display, full featured camera. Recommended without reservation.

Great phone.. it does so much, flawlessly. I really can't believe I only paid a penny. I don't know what else to say!

After several years spent bouncing between no-contract phones, I finally decided to bite the bullet and move up with the big shots in the league of contract smartphones. Making the decision was tough, to say the least. In years past, I have owned a cell phone from nearly every major brand, including (but not limited to) the Motorola Triumph, the Samsung Galaxy SIII, the Nokia Lumia 920, and the HTC EVO 4G.When the time came to choose my new phone, I ended up opting for the HTC One, primarily because I had preferred the EVO over other previous-generation smartphones (iPhones are too limited, Motorolas too slow, Samsungs too full of third-party spamware).After about a month of owning my HTC One, I can safely say that I am glad I chose it over the 5S and the S4. Why? Quite simply, the One is the pinnacle of current smartphone tech. As far as build quality goes, the phone is a legitimate work of art. The bulk of the outer casing is made of nicely carved metal, with little plastic to be found. The screen looks *fantastic*, with the HD 1080 p image looking crisp and clear. Whats more, the touchscreen has an excellent and accurate response, always reacting to your motions without over or under responding.As far as performance, the phone is a powerhouse. It handles basic functions such as texting and calling with no strain at all, and it easily keeps up with multitasking and app usage. Even gaming barely seems to slow the phone down. Thanks to HTCs Sense UI, interface is quick and easy. Unlike competing phones (namely Motorola and Samsung), the One has very little third-party bloatware pre-installed, and aside from provider-based apps (like AT&Ts; data monitor app, for example), there is little spamware to be found.HTC Blinkfeed can be hit or miss. Personally, I found it to be a little bit confusing (reading through Instagram, Twitter, and Facebook all at once can be taxing), and its not all too useful as you still have to enter the corresponding apps to make any actions based on your Blinkfeed (ergo, a facebook post on Blinkfeed has to be *liked* via the Facebook app, and an Instagram post has to be *liked* through Instagram, etc)...rather annoying for me personally, but I'm sure there are many others out there who'd love Blinkfeed. Thankfully, we will get the ability to shut off Blinkfeed with the release of HTC Sense 5.5, so no complaints here.Audio and camera quality are both epic wins for the HTC One. The Boomsound speakers are bloody LOUD, and can be used as an effective sound system in a small room. These speakers are augmented by the integrated Beats audio function, which does an impressive job of &#34;upscaling&#34; all music (be it through the music player or Pandora/Spotify); Beats certainly has a noticeable effect, music played with Beats on has a bigger &#34;boom&#34; to its bass then music played with Beats turned off. As for camera, the 4 ultrapixel back camera looks great, and performs fantastically in low light conditions.My only complaint about the HTC One is about the distinct lack of home and capacitive buttons. The One has only two capacitive buttons, a dual function back button and a dual function home button. This is quite a painful downgrade from the HTC EVOs four capacitive buttons, and not something I care for, but its certainly livable.All in all, the HTC One scores a 10/10 in my book. In terms of performance and quality, it blows away the Galaxy S4 and the Motorla Moto X, all while outperforming the iPhone 5S and the Nokia Lumia 925. This is *the* definitive mobile experience.

I came from a long line of iPhones, iPhone 2.3g, 3gs, 4, 4s, which I all loved, and then I got this phone.  I do not miss my iPhone at all, this phone does all that it did, but is more customizable.And I love the large beautiful screen, and great speakers.  The new iPhones  5c and 5s just came out, but I am still very happy with my HTC one. The only thing I would say is the 4 megapixel camera,  I wish it was 8 or more,  I realize it is supposed to be better, but to me, it is ok but  prefer the other kind.

I have had this phone since June and I still absolutely love it, the only problem I have had thus far is 1 dead pixel towards the middle of the screen which doesn't bother me.Pros:Boomsound speakers: I absolutely love these speakers, if you watch videos on your phone and find you are using the speakers quite often you will love these speakers. They are so clear and crisp and loud and i love it :PScreen size: 4.7 inch screen is pretty much ideal for me so I can't complain about the screen size.Hardware: The hardware and speakers basically sold this phone for me, the body of this phone is absolutely gorgeous!Cons:The aluminum body can be scratched quite easily, but you can wipe them off if they are not too deep.Now about the camera and battery life (these are neither pros nor cons for me.)Camera: With the 4 ultrapixel camera you can take very good low light pictures (compared to most phones) But the camera itself is not anything amazing (although it does get the job done if you know how to use it correctly)Battery Life: battery life has been good in my opinion, I myself am not a heavy user like people that use their phone for business so I cannot account for how the battery runs with sync on gps on brightness up bluetooth on all day etc etc..All in all a very good phone and I would recommend it. (but I recommend either blue or red because they are freakin sick man :P )

Great sound, HTC limited app capabilities/compatibilities. I have had a few issues where certain apps that work perfectly on Samsung devices and not function on the HTC One. Other than that it's a great phone!

I really debated on getting a new phone over the last year, and finally decided on this one.  Well, wait no more.  It has arrived.I love everything about this phone (the weight feel, the screen, the OS, the speakers).  I really would be hard pressed to find something that I don't like.  Okay, let's be fair.  I would like to have a personal robot that take care of my every need.  Hmm, this phone is about as close as that can be.I bought a beautiful cover (another review).  I feel like royalty carrying this phone.  Everywhere I go, I'm asked which phone I'm carrying.  It's not the obvious and lightweight answer they expect.  Once they hold this beauty they are sold.  Then I play some music on full stereo volume (preferably with some video to back it) and they are speechless.HTC, you've finally done it.  I was a previous Thunderbolt owner and you nearly lost me with the bad updates.  But, I must say that you are back in the game and far ahead of your competition.  Keep it coming!

I purchased this phone last week after patiently waiting for GS4 to come out and checking out GS4 vs HTC One comparisons. This is not only a great phone (no doubt), but if you are a regular user that cares about entertainment, smooth experience, customization, awesome user experience, it is THE BEST phone you can currently buy in the market right now. Here are my pros and consPros:===1) Magnificent display, words cannot summarize how gorgeous it looks.2) Simple interface that looks good, and gets work done. Certain software features like HTC backup and sync,  multitasking grid, gorgeous weather widget, clean settings menus (are you listening samsung?), pleasant colors and cozy texts are all very useful software features from HTC standpoint!3) Real smoothy performance comparable to that of the iPhone (Android fanboys are gonna bash me for saying this, but iPhone is the benchmark of design, smoothness of performance, excellence in battery life and, really that pleasure & awesomeness of the experience that you get out of using a device!). HTC One really surprised me on that, my experience so far has been really really awesome!4) Do I really need to talk about build quality here? :) It's absolutely magnificent and for some reason, it reminds me of Retina Macbook pro!5) Camera. Excellent pics in HDR mode and low light shooting is absolutely stunning! The camera can actually capture more detail than human eye does! Daylight shots are only about okay, not too impressed with that though!6) Powerful, zippy performance. This phone is a beast and crushes all benchmarks. Performance from a user perspective is unbelievably smooth, and like I said earlier, the user experience is excellent and definitely the lag-free performance has something to do with it!Cons:===1) Home button placement. It's absolutely terrible. What was HTC thinking?! The guy that designed this needs to be fired! It was very annoying at the beginning but I got used to it now. And because of this ridiculous button placement, some apps have the dreadful menu button (that's absent in the device) at the botton of the screen consuming close to 15-20% of phone real estate. The good thing is, this is a popular phone and there is a good chance of app developers fixing this!2) Battery life. I saw a lot of reviews saying it's quite good but for me it's only about okay! Don't get me wrong, it gets me though the day but when I'm heading to a late night party/ club directly after work on a friday night, I want my phone to have that extra bit of juice until I get home later in the midnight. This phone won't last you that long unless you are a very light user!3) Sense 5 annoyances. Blinkfeed cannot be disabled, lack of power toggles (samsung did a cool job in gs4 by adding it in their notification bar but 4.2.2 update should fix this minor issue), dock is part of app drawer and you can't add/remove items in dock without app drawer open, multitast only last 9 apps (WHY HTC? WHY?), automatic adding of facebook friend's pics in gallery (I don't wanna see pictures of my friends in my gallery, are you kidding me HTC?!)4) Phone gets hot sometimes and this happened when I was shooting pics in camera app non-stop for 30 mins or so. Not a big deal, but it can be an issue if it happens often!All in all, this is a great phone, one that will make your heart fall in love with it the first time you start using it!

This is my 3rd HTC phone, and they just keep getting better. Very easy to navigate.  So many features and I am still learning.

HTC ONE , SIVER(AT&T) THE BEST CELL PHONE I BUY THE PRICE IS RIGHT IT WORK GREAT THANK YOU P.S,

So much phone, Does much more than I expected- Through Amazon saved lots of $$$. Beautiful case. Voice to text , Beats speakers,

I agree with most of the positive reviews here about the phone, but I want to post this in as many places as possible so that users aren't disappointed and puzzled by a particular problem...If you connect an A2DP Bluetooth audio device (headphones, or in my case, car stereo headunit) and play music back on it, it will sound like garbage. The high frequencies will be all distorted and garbled. You can hear it most noticeably on cymbal crashes, vocal 's' and 'sh' and 'ch' sounds, and electric guitar licks with distortion.It is a problem that was plaguing Google AOSP 4.2 ROMs, but it was because of a particular Bluetooth driver setting (a parameter called bitpool, and a sample rate mismatch), but apparently has also turned up here on a 4.1 based Sense 5.So be warned! If you use Bluetooth audio all the time like I do, it is a terrible terrible bug, and I hope it gets fixed ASAP.

I upgraded from an iPhone to HTC.  Worst mistake I ever made!!  The battery life is horrible I have to charge it twice a day.  I could understand if I used it constantly, if I played games all the time, but I don't.  In fact I have removed almost all the apps from it so it will conserve power.  But it doesn't help.  I am just tired of it and about to just go back to my old iPhone.

I just receive the HTC ONE here in Peru, it was a gift, when I was ready to use it the micro SIM Card did not worked out. If I bought a cellphone without a contract service I assume that the product is unlocked. The phone works perfect but the only thing that bother me is that i can not use a SIM Card of Peru. Anyone Could help me? I travel a lot so i need an unlocked device. I will appreciate if you could tell me what can i do to solve this issue. Thanks.After a long distance call to at&t; the problem is solve! My HTC ONE works fantastic! Thank you all.

I got this for my 20 year old and he could not be more happy with my it. The screen is fantastic and Android runs very smoothly.  It has also already received an update to 4.2 so kudos to HTC for getting that out so fast. Some reviewers have said the phone has the typical Android stutter but I have yet to see that. The battery is adequate and will make it through a day. The last point I would like to make is that the construction on at least the phone I bought is flawless. I watched some early reviews about some build quality issues but I did not see any.

The camera is great just maybe if it was 8 ultrapixels it woulda been perfect and the ability to remove Blinkfeed  would have  been nice too. Other than all of that the phone is perfect.

BOUGHT TWO without hesitation after reading some reviews on Amazon from people more techie than I am...For additional guidance I STRONGLY ADVISE going to YouTube and searching for "HTC One" to learn more and to learn the differences between this phone (M7) and the later M8 release.One particular "real review" about 28 minutes long done by Flossy really summed up the two user-groups (toward the end of the review) who would be affected by these differences in a VERY PRACTICAL WAY with clear USAGE styles described. BY MERE LUCK I did purchase the M7 and fall within the user-group who would prefer its features compared to the M8 based on the things I will use my HTC One for most of the time. This reviewer BUYS with HIS OWN $$$ and USES all the products he reviews; I find his comments very credible.Although in truth, either model is a great phone, a pleasure to use, AND users can easily adjust their style of phone use.Both have AMAZING SOUND with AWESOME FRONT SPEAKERS... a telling review comment: HTC sounds as good as is AS AN iPhone5 using earbuds. IMO M8's greatest advantage is the mini-SD card slot... if you need lots of storage for pics, music, etc. Flossy is right... HTC One has style and will stand out in any crowd.Also other YT reviewers showed that the HTC One without any add-on skin can survive a fall from waist high, head high, 10-ft high... being run over by a car, and even a hammer blow, although the screen DID CRACK on the SECOND STRIKE!

This is a really amazing phone, it looks elegant as the silver metal body draws compliments, the screen is large and really sharp, the sound from the front-facing speakers is full and loud.  The included in-ear headphones have good bass.  The One has top-end specs, operates lag free and should be relatively future-proof as it has 4G and 2 gb RAM.  Didn't think I'd like the blink-feed but it proves fun to browse while waiting in line.  Battery life is really good, easily lasts a full day with moderate / heavy use, especially w/ the power saving option turned on I only need charge every 1.5 days.  The One doesn't have a removable battery or SD card slot, but I've never had to change batteries before on previous phones and the S4 can only run apps off it's limited internal memory anyways.  Camera shutter speed is really fast, barely any lag capturing and it's great for lower light indoor shots, however in ideal conditions the photos aren't quite as sharp as some other phones.  The front-facing camera is useful but the quality is lacking.  Overall, aside from the camera, it's an outstanding phone and definitely one of the best phones of the year.

Great software. Horrible screen. I had a protector on the phone to avoid breaking the glass if dropped accidentally. it fell less than two feet on a linoleum surface (with the protector on it) and the screen shattered. Seriously?? And its pointless getting the screen replaced... nobody does it well. getting a different phone.

I love the screen size; much bigger than my old iphone4. Everything looks so much clearer than on iphone screen.GPS is awesome because it talks unlike the one in iphone. There is a learning curve to switch from iphone to HTC, but it is not bad. I am still learning about this phone, but I love it so far. It is so beautiful; did I say it already?

the phone is amazing, I switched from an iPhone 4 and I am really not regretting switchingto android with this phone. HTC did a wonderful job of making a sleek and sexy phone with all of the features I expect a phone to have these days and plenty more. blinkfeed saves my sanity by giving me all of the information I want without going through the hassle of opening up an app and signing in for it. The only downside of the phone is the battery, it isn't extremely terrible but switching from an iPhone that could last me 2 days minimum is kind of rough, My HTC One lasts me almost a day unless im really using it. It also has a powersaver feature that I have used a few times but I have only put it on when im using the phone a lot, it saves a few percent by conserving CPU Power, reducing screen brightness, turning off vibration, putting your data connection to sleep when the screen is off. My real fix for this is just to carry my charger with me to work and if I need to use my phone intensively I just plug it in. I would recommend this phone to anyone who doesn't forget to charge there phone every night.

Battery issue was never a problem for me on a smartphone until I own the HTC One. On the first day of owning the phone, the battery would not last me more than six hours on heavy usage (fully charge). Yes, I use my phone for texting, web surfing, emailing, and listening to music when I'm at work (I know I have an awesome job).On the second day at work, I decide to give my phone a break and just pull it out my pocket when I need to check the time and my email. The phone would lose 1% charge every 7-10 minutes (no background app, screen is set at 50% brightness,no wifi, no bluetooth, no NFC, and power saver is on). Within an hour, my phone has drop from 100% to 91%. Ridiculous!! By the time I got home from work 9am-3pm I have around 60-70% of battery left just from checking the time, email, and less than 20 text messages. I was not very please with the battery life,  so I decide to give my phone a factory reset to see if the battery would improve. Not at all. On the fourth day, I decide to kill the battery and let it charge from 0% to 100%. Still, problem did not resolve. On the fifth day, phone is going back to Amazon. My Samsung Galaxy Note 2 and Iphone 4s never had this kind of problem. Yes, I know the Note 2 has a 3100 mAh battery vs 2300 mAh on the HTC One. Yet, the Note 2 has a bigger screen and I never put the Note 2 into power saving mode and screen is always at 75% brightness manually.I really dislike the blinkfeed as I have no use for it. I find it useless and it also taking up one of my home screen page.. HTC One will only let you have 5 home screen. Since blinkfeed take over one home screen, that lead me to only 4 screens to put my widget and apps which I find its not enough.Overall I am not satisfied with the battery life on the HTC One. I do love the built quality, the amazing resolution screen, and the buttery smooth OS of the HTC compared to the Samsung Galaxy Note 2. HTC really makes Samsung phone feels really cheap when holding in hand. I guess maybe I am just spoil on the Note 2 battery life. Again this is just my personal usage and may help someone else if they decide to use HTC one phone as a SMARTPHONE and put it to a full potential. I decide to give HTC One another chance and waiting on my replacement as I may have a defective battery. If you have any input on battery life please let me know. Thank you.

Great phone, love it.  Tried both HTC one and SG 4.  For the online shopper, you have to go to store to try to hold it first.  Totally different feel.Charles

great mobile. love all the features and app choices. its brilliant and i love it. Android phones rock! I am happy with this one.

I just LOVE LOVE LOVE this phone! And I like AT&T service, because they have the best when it comes to voice clarity and calls not cutting out. However, I am glad that I got this factory unlocked, because I did NOT want a contract to deal with. AT&T's contracts are 2 years long, and you end up paying a LOT more than if you just buy the darn phone and be FREE of contracts altogether. I would buy this phone again. I had an iphone and I was not impressed as I am with this phone. In fact, this was the phone I had originally picked out, not knowing anything about smartphones at the time, and the representative at AT&T told me to get an iphone instead. I should NOT have listened to her! I should have gotten the one I wanted, because I ended up having to get out of the contract that I could NOT afford, and sell the iphone to help pay off the large cancellation fee.... so I ended up losing more money than what I paid to buy THIS phone (the one I really wanted) and it was NOT worth losing almost $500!! I LOVE this phone!!

I have both HTC one and Samsung Note II and they both work great for me. HTC one is lighter and slim, and of course smaller on the screen size. i enjoy both phones though.

Been using the phone for more than a month now.1. Battery charging once every two days, not a heavy video user, i read articles2. blinkfeed is very nice3. Camera uploading auto mix HTC share is great4. Display is brilliant!Can't think of any negatives.

HTC One M7 is a pretty good phone that combines all the features of previous models. I previously had an HTC One X and it worked fine but had issues with the blutooth system. But it appears that they have cleared up these problems with this model. This HTC has a 4.7-inch touchscreen display with Full HD resolution (1920 x 1080 pixels. The phone looks well made and durable.Here are some of the more technical specs for the phone:Processor - 1.7 GHz quad-core processorInternal storage - 32 GBRAM - 2 GBRear camera - HTC UltraPixel Camera with BSI sensor 2.0Front camera - 2.1-megapixel; captures Full HD 1080p videoSize Dimensions - 2.7 x 5.4 x 0.37 inches (WxHxD)Weight - 5 ouncesBattery Life - Up to 19 hoursThank you for reading my review.

This is phone is way more than I expected.  All of the reviews online are absolutely right when they say HTC is slowly coming back to life.  The screen is incredible, the speakers are loud and clear, and the operating system is buttery smooth.  Believe it or not I tried to NOT like this phone because I was also considering a Galaxy S4 which I was used to Samsung products and their ecosystem.  But after using it, and the S4 together, this is the phone I'll be keeping.  I own a Macbook, and before, HTC's software was terrible when trying to connect to transfer files to my phone.  Sometimes, the computer wouldn't even recognize it was connected.  Now, the software is much better and smoother than before.  Dare I say smoother than iTunes.....almost, but with a couple of upgrades it'll be right there.  I use it in the gym and I have no problems with it in a case and holster on my hip.  The headphones that come with it are a similar to the Beats headphones earlier HTC phones used to come with.  Heavy on the low end with decent mids and highs.  They even look like Beats with the flat tangle free cable.  I was concerned about the battery at first, but after a couple of charge cycles it's not an issue.  I easily get through  the day with moderate usage.  It seems the batter gets better as it "warms up" after a couple of cycles.  I only have two issues with the phone overall.  Occasionally, when using bluetooth you can hear a crackle or two when playing music.  I can probably blame that on the beats mode software installed.  Easily fixed by turning it off, but you do lose some volume.  The other issue, which is not really an issue, is the screen is extremely bright.  It could be adjusted in the settings but I checked my phone in the movie theatre and almost couldn't see and almost lit up the whole row......lol.

My first issue is with the camera. What a disappointment. It's not that it's unusable, it's the fact that it's only a 4mp camera no matter how much HTC hypes it. I've taken to calling it the "ultra flop"The second issue is the battery life. It's average at best. You need to have a charger where ever you goThe third issue is the worst of all and may end up being a deal breaker for me. Already I've had the phone and sim card replaced. This has been an existing issue with previous HTC models, most notably the "one x". There are already threads starting about this phone with the same issue. The phone gets a no sim card error. You can read how both HTC and att have treated their customers in the past. Just search HTC sim card error....... I don't think you're going like some of the threads.Lastly, I highly recommend downloading nova launcher from the play store. This converts the phone to a stock Android interface. I found sence 5 irritating at best.The phone is fast and sexy.... But at this point I'm not sure I would recommend itThen there is beats audio, I thought we got rid of tape hiss back in the 80s? Clearly this feature is for playing gangster music in public places. You need to listen to this phone with a good set of headphones before you decide. I'm not impressed. Battery life is 6  hours with heavy use, far less than the RAZR maxx it replaced. This phone seems to require an excessive amount of time to recharge. This with the phone shut off and I am using the power saver when the phone is on. An auxiliary battery pack is required for extended use. Because of the poor audio thru headphones, the camera and poor battery life, I have to say that I can not recommend this phone. The phones camera has been reviewed on several sites. I recommend you check dpcamera reviewsfor an unbiased review.

I love my phone I figure something new out about almost every day. The front speakers are great. I just love this phone all around a great phone

I live this phone. Slim and has a nice feel. The music is astounding. This is a must have phone that will stand up against the best of them.

There could be no better one than the HTC One. Hardware, video, battery - it is the best Android phone you can get and I love it thorough. I recommend it wholly and totally. No regrets!

I had this phone for over a month it was good fast on the internet and didn't get that hot. Since the 1st day I had it I bought an Otterbox for it. Today it slipped out my hand, landed on its back (with the otterbox on and screen protector) and just cracked! So if your buying this because it's "durable and strong" don't buy this.

HTC has stepped it up with this phone. I have had the phone a little over a week and have been very impressed with the phone. First it stays charge. There are several times in the past week I didn't have to charge it until the next day even though I was using it like normal (texts, snapchatting, facebooking, games) Perfect phone for me!

This is the best phone i have ever had. I truly enjoy my phone everyday. I don't know how ill get by without it.

I felt like it was necessary to write this review as this product has been an awful experience.I got the phone in May 2013 and it crapped out on me this past weekend after barely 4 months of use. I protected the phone in an expensive Otterbox Defender Series case. The problem is the phone won't transmit my voice to the other end while talking on the phone. The other user only hears what sounds like a phone that has made a pocket dial and some one is walking with the phone in their pants instead of hearing my voice.Apart from the one way audio failure which is extremely frustrating, the phone can't be taken to Sprint for repair as it is a closed phone, the case cannot be open.No expandable SD card slot and the battery life is poor (probably because the screen is so big) are two big downers.Pros:+Vibrant OLED screen+Sleek sexy aluminum case+Beats Audio+Powerful Quad Core Processor+Awesome camera+HTC Live feed is pretty niceCons:-Phone won't transmit my voice when making calls. Shoddy hardware? Design or manufacturing defect?-Battery drains quickly throughout the day, will need a charge in the middle day if you use it constantly all morning if you want to use it for the rest of the day-NO EXPANDABLE MEMORY OR REPLACEABLE BATTERY!!-Can't remove cover to fix phonePhone broke so I am giving it one star. I expect better from a huge tech company. I am stuck in a contract with this poor performing phone for still over 1.5 years with Sprint. Even with their total protection plan it costs $150 to replace/file a claim

I am a little perplexed as to why they have this phone listed for the same price as HTC own website and it is a US unlocked version not a AT&T version and it is for the 64 gig developers addition they are selling NOT the 32 gig that the seller in trying to sell on here. Makes me question the sellers integrity.

I was a happy BlackBerry Bold user for years until my IT group announced they would stop supporting and I had to go shopping.I got the HTC ONE and would never go back.  This thing is awesome !Pros:- Sleek look with a vivid screen,- Very fast performance, and excellent connectivity.- Rock solid operation.  No crashes.- Super camera.  Effects software that comes loaded is cool.- Excellent user interface, and touchpad word guesser.- Good battery life, easily lasts through an intensive day of business use, or an average weekend for me,Cons:- The soft menu button is a little too close to the period button causing some accidental email exits, but it saves a copy and goes straight back quickly.You won't regret this phone.  5 Stars imo

This phone is phenomenal, I've had it for about two days now and let me tell you, the reviewers were not lying about this phone; it's fantastic! I've posted some pictures so you can see the phone up close and have an idea of what you're getting. For my review, I'll split it up into multiple paragraphs that relate to features of the phone.Build Quality:Simply amazing, right out of the box it feels like I am wielding Thor's hammer in my hand, the aluminum back really makes a difference, oils don't catch on it, it doesn't heat up (even with extensive use), friends that own iPhones have been asking to see this phone and everyone else has been blown away by it, the 200+ minutes that they spent making this phone really shows, from the drilled speakers to the comfortably curved backside.Battery:Great, simply the best. This battery has held it's own throughout my day, I can safely confirm that when I first got the phone it had an 80% battery life, and after 5 hours of screen on time, the phone was down to 5%. This was on Wifi however, but when I've tested it over a mobile network it has done a days work with a couple hours of screentime in addition to 18 hours of standby, and has around 30% left.Speakers:To Die For. I've never been a fan of listening to music on phones, or at least not blasting my music through the phones speakers; I would always use headphones. Let me tell you that I stand before you a changed man, the speakers on this phone eclipse my ASUS monitor's! They deliver thundering bass and tremendous treble, driving by a busy 5 lane main road I was able to hear my music perfectly fine.Screen:Bright, it's simply the best. Pixels? They don't exist with this phone, you'd need a microscope to find them, I couldn't detect and with my phone 4 inches from my eyes, it's amazing how this 4.7 inch LCD screen has the same pixel count as my 47 inch HDTV! The screen can stay visible a foot away from a lamp that is shining right at it (see pictures).Camera:The back and front camera's are great, the back one takes perfect pictures and video in low light conditions and the front camera detects my face very fast and unlocks. Zoe is... well, it's a good feature but it's not one that I feel is great, Zoes (for lack of a better term) take up a lot of space. For example: I can take roughly 800 Zoes (this is with about 24 gigabytes of data remaining) or I can take 10,000 regular pictures. I feel that an animated photo album is kind of a waste, but, to each his own. See the video review and pictures for examples.Blinkfeed:Great for news and updates, but tough on the battery, also it's very annoying how it cannot be removed, you can however change your homescreen to another home tab.Call quality:Very good, the person on the other end thinks I'm speaking on a landline, this is possible because of multiple noise cancelling headphones.I'm somewhat limited on time so I have to end the review here, however I will update this review as time goes on and I use this phone more. Ultimately I can tell me and this phone are going places. This is a good, solid phone that deserves the praise it is getting. Is this phone for you? That I can't tell you, I can however tell you my experience with it. If you have any questions that I haven't answered, feel free to respond via a comment and I'll try to get back to you when I can.

There have sync difficulty with my macbook and iPad compare with my former iphone. The android os is also less convenient compare with iOS. So I definitely will use iphone as my next phone.

I purchased this phone for my dad for Father's Day this year, and couldn't be more happy with the purchase. My dad is rather technologically challenged, and this was his first smartphone. That being said, I was really worried about getting him set up to use the phone. Luckily the great software was pretty easy for him to get used to, and he loves the picture quality and overall premium feel of the phone.

Best smartphone in terms of hardware I have ever used, except a little laggy due to the natural of Andriod plus Sense UI.  Hope HTC release a windows phone with similar hardware.

Most critic reviews are right on the money. Camera is great. Interface is clean and simple. I forgot what its called but one of the main screens is a news feed from selected sites or categories you're interested in. The news feed is extremely convenient. I find it to be the best function of this phone.  Thing is I had to use my warranty to replace this phone twice. The first time: the mic you talk into stopped recognizing my voice so I people could only hear me on speaker. Second time: the display would go dead black randomly and would stay like that from hours to days. Apparently a lot of HTC Ones get recalled for those two issues. Just type in HTC One issues and see all the forums about this two issues. Anyway,I love the phone but because it keeps breaking on me, I can't recommend it. Sad. Also, I cracked the screen a couple of days ago. I have mobile insurance but they want a 200 dollar deductible. The HTC One is super glued together so cell phone repair companies can't fix it.

I've had this phone for about a month now.  My previous phone was a Samsung Infuse, which I had for about two years and is close to the first iteration of the Galaxy S.  However, I've used other devises, such as the iPhone.  While I'm certainly no phone techie or phone slut (someone who constantly trades in for a better phone), I do carefully think about the next phone I'll get.  In fact, it takes me days, if not weeks, to make the decision.  Like many of you, I go through scores of reviews online to find input that closely mirrors my experience.There are people out there who have already said what I can offer, and often in more thorough and elegant terms.  Yes, this phone is sexy, using the best build materials any cell phone offers, is nice to hold, has an amazing screen and speaker setup, etc.So I will focus my review on one aspect: parenting.I am the father of two young children.  I carry my phone constantly and I love to take pictures of them.  So I was very skeptical of the 4 Ultra-Pixel technology being touted on this phone.  It sounded like a step back from my previous phone, which had a 8MP camera.  I was even concerned about taking photos that could be developed on canvas, which is something very popular with parents today.  Fortunately, I was able to get in touch with one of the major photo-to-canvas companies and they assured me that even 4MP would be good enough.  Keep in mind, this is 4UP and not 4MP.  All the literature I read online confirmed that the camera would be good enough for blowing up to moderate canvas size and taking quality photos for scrapbooks and such.This phone is as good as the best Android phones out there.  But for parents, the camera and its Zoe software set it apart for a few reasons.1. The camera allows you to take photos fast.  In fact, even if you have a screen lock, it allows you to swipe the camera icon and instantly gain access to the camera.  However, if you want to see that photo, you'll need to gain entry.  (By the way, I love the face recognition in Android for the phone lock!)  This allows you to snap up those precious moments more quickly than a phone with standard lock.2. Part of the premise of the Ultra-Pixel technology is that it shoots fast and works well in low lighting.  This is true on both counts.  In fact, overall this camera blows away my old phone, which took very good photos.  There may be better camera phones out there, but only by a slight margin.  Further, much of the stuff that is often promoted--even on this phone--is impractical junk.  You don't really need or use many of the features they try to sell us on.  So pick a camera with features you'll actually use!3. Zoe mode allows you to shoot photos in a very short video format.  This is cool for a couple of reasons.  First, it aids you in getting the best shot, because you can review the series of photos broken down in the video and "retake" the best photo in the bunch.  In other words, a 3 second video can also be seen as a sequence of about 12 photos, and you can choose which ones you like.  Second, Zoe gathers the footage you've taken and makes highlight videos for you automatically: sequencing, lighting, zooming, transitioning, video style, and music.  You can even get it to change up the style/music and photo sequence.  It's very impressive and quite addictive for parents.  For instance, if I take a series of photos/video throughout the day, the software will make 2 or 3 short highlight films.  So when my wife comes home from work late at night, having missed the entire day with the kids, I can pull out my phone and show her a movie of what my day with the kids was like.For that alone, this phone is priceless!

HTC one is talked up alot. The lives up to all the expectations. I know this is not important to some but turns on super quick.

downvote away.I bought this phone with an upgrade through AT&T.; I don't mind the non SD card or the non removable battery. I started my love for android with a nexus one and had at least a dozen different phones between the N1 and the HTC One. This is the first phone I've ever returned.Coming from the S3, I was looking for something fresh with a 1080p display and wanted to try something non Samsung since I have a 2 week buyers remorse trial. I bought this direct from AT&T; and received free next day shipping as well as a deep discount.I received the phones and opened them up. Packaging was nice and I was excited for a new device. I turned it on and the display is gorgeous and I was impressed by it. I went through the normal steps of setting up my Google account and everything was going well. I like the stock keyboard, even though I immediately replaced it with swiftkey. The front facing speakers are decent but I don't use them since I have a bluetooth speaker system for music.I'm not going to go into depth about the functions and features; that's what a YouTube video is for. I'll give my reasons for not liking this device and conclude. What you do is up to you. I find it hard to believe this is a 5 star device from other reviews. Maybe they are first time smart phone buyers.-I don't like Sense. At all. I use Nova Launcher so the skin doesn't really matter to me, but I can tolerate Touchwiz to at least look around the phone. With Sense I immediately downloaded my launcher and didn't bother with dealing with Sense.-It's a little too heavy for me. Coming from a S3, which is made of a very lightweight plastic and feels extremely light, this phone is like a brick to me. Yes, it is well made and sturdy, but my s3 and a case weighs about half of what this phone weighs without a case. I don't know for sure, just guessing. After 10 minutes of trying the phone out, my wrist started to hurt from holding it. Never an issue with the s3 and I'm a strong man.-The button layout is weird, especially coming from a Samsung. Im used to a physical home button in the middle, power button on the right side, and a menu and back button. This phone has the power button on the top left, which is extremely difficult to get used to as a right handed individual, and only 2 buttons. A home button and back button. Both are capacitive meaning they're not physical buttons. You press on the glass and it senses you pushed either the home or back key, which is a pain to find in the dark. Personally, I can't live without a menu button that doubles as my search button when you press down on it, but that's just me.After playing with it for about 2 hours, I called AT&T; and asked if I can send if back and get the s4 and they happily sent one to me before I had to send this one back. I still have my s3 and used that and reset the One to factory settings until I received the shipping label to send it back.If you're coming from Samsung sick with the s4. I didn't need to upgrade but my wife wanted a new phone, so you know the boss rules, so we have new S4's and are very happy with them. I won't review the S4 here or compare, but we are both very happy with them.I prefer Android over any other OS. Apple is same old song and dance and offers nothing new, and Windows 7 has a terrible app selection. At least, it seems, we are now arguing over which Android device we prefer instead of arguing about which OS is better. Companies like Samsung and HTC are blowing Apple out of the water with their ingenuity and that's all I ask for.I wanted to love this phone but couldn't. It's not for me, and likely won't be for previous S3 owners, but for a novice I think it would be a good device. I don't hate it, I just don't like it.

I purchased the Samsung Galaxy S4 with my Verizon upgrade.  Finally replacing the Motorola Droid Bionic that had been rooted to ICS and maintained itself for years as my main phone.  3 days with the S4 and I hated it.  All the gimmicky stuff was very &#34;Beta&#34; and I just disabled it all.  The phone was flat and wide and cheap feeling.  I took it back and decided to leave Verizon because the ONE felt really awesome in the hand.This thing is LIGHTNING fast, feels like a large iPhone in terms of a real quality build.  Blinkfeed is actually a useful &#34;Gimmick&#34; - I scroll through it every day, several times to see top tweets, FB posts and topics I enabled from around the web.  Speakers are amazing.  I don't need it to be full blast to actually hear the music in apps or the person on speaker phone.I'm almost tempted to sell my Nexus 7 as this phone is as fast and does everything just as well.  I have it equipped with a ArmorSuit full body skin for around the house and I slip on the OtterBox commuter when I'm traveling.

Finally an Android phone with all of the Apple polish.  If you care about design and look and feel, you don't have any other choice, this is the phone to get, so you can stop reading right there.  If you don't care about design and are wondering what things make this phone really unique compared to the Samsung Galaxy 4:1) It's cool:  everyone is going to have the SGS 4, make a statement with the "designer" phone!2) Speakers are amazing, Boomsound has made a lot of people just go "wow" when they here it3) The camera is great for the kind of picture most users take, in low light, food pictures at night, etc4) Zoe camera feature lets you do some really fun things and animates your friends in your gallary! Kind of a harry potter newspaper effect.5) Sense 5 is clean, very iOS like in many ways, you don't have millions of options to tweak, no need to switch to "easy mode" (!), and the focus on design really extends into software too.6) Blinkfeed: it's nice to with a single tap see a newsfeed and posts from friends, right on the home screen!7) I said I won't talk about design but that is what this phone does best, it, looks and feels amazing!8) Price: for $199 you get a 32GB phone!, most of us can get it for much cheaper though

It's like being married to a beautiful mute women who has a huge trust fund! I'd recommend HTC One to anyone looking for a smart phone.

I've had this phone for a little over a month now. This thing is awesome.First of all, the build is awesome. If you're geeky, like me, you'll love the fact that this phone is machined out of a solid block of aluminum. It feels great. Absolute lack of creaks like I've had with every plastic phone I've had. Perfectly rigid. I've dropped it (no case) and there was no mark at all. My wife even slid it over salt on a restaurant table and there were no marks at all. Any fear of aluminum scratching easily are unfounded. This is not like the iPhone 5. How did it take so long for someone to figure out a way to make an all metal body? It pays off in the feel and look.The Boomsound is no gimmick. These speakers are loud and clear. My wife even listens to music on the speakers while washing dishes. They sound that good! Plus, the headphone jack has an independent amp and sounds absolutely great. The only phone that sounds better with music (on the headphone jack) is the HTC 8X. This thing is a music lover's dream...especially if you subscribe to one of those streaming music services.On the topic of sound, the call quality is amazing! I've never had a clearer call, even on a land line. My mother in law is hard of hearing and this is the first phone that gave her no problems during calls. The noise reduction is so good that my wife can't even tell when I'm driving...even on speakerphone (which is loud enough to use without bluetooth so you don't get a ticket!). There is NO louder phone.The screen is amazing. If you turn off powersaver mode, it is brighter than the Galaxy S4. The LCD nature gives you the sharpest possible picture. People say you can't tell, but I can see the fuzz of the pentile display on AMOLEDs (go look up close at a store...you'll see...there is a difference). The colors aren't as saturated as an AMOLED, but it is SoLux certified (google it...it's a certification for professional color accuracy!). The text is so sharp, it looks painted on. On top of it, I didn't even realize, before this phone, that the notification tray icons sometimes have text in them! This phone is soooo sharp!The camera handles anything! I've gotten so many shots that I couldn't have before with the great low light and high contrast performance. I've gotten shots of people's faces with the sun right over their shoulder. Despite the complaints of only 4.3MP, I've printed spectacular 4x6 prints...haven't tried larger yet, but no one can believe these prints are from a phone.The battery isn't a problem at all. I get 20 hours between charges with 3 hours of screen time. If you get something less, check your apps. I've fixed a couple of people's battery times by finding a rogue app that runs down the battery using the CPU in the background.Lastly, the processor and RAM make this phone scream. Not all RAM is made the same...some manufacturers use slow RAM to save money that causes lag, even with the same or better specs. Not so here...this phone is perfect.

Great size, great display and features However I have had the speaker go out 3 times in 3 months. I do not use this for music or movies. I have been without this phone for 4 weeks ( sent in for repairs) during the 3 months since I bought it. Very disappointing! the finish is wearing/chipping off as well. this is the worst phone I have ever owned. I am not hard on them either. Never dropped and always in a case.

Pros: phone is great.  Calling amazon is a pain but the phone reps were niceCons: Amazon's system for selling cell phonesThe price was great, but their account linking system was pretty bad.  Originally it wouldn't accept the valid phone number I had (Amazon thought AT&T; wasn't allowing me to upgrade even though AT&T; obviously was) and there was a huge problem.  The Sim card in the box didnt' activate right away and that caused problems on AT&T;'s end.  Amazon eventually charged me $400 extra a month later as I had supposedly violated the upgrade contract even though I hadn't.  Many hours on the phone later I finally got this straightened out.  I wouldn't recommend this service and would caution people to be extremely cautious and check their bank statements regularly to make sure they don't get caught in a trap like I did.

******05/01/13 UPDATE*******Ten days now and no problems to speak of, but I did find that some intensive games will make the phone heat up, not to the point you can't hold it, but it gets pretty warm. Simpler games have no effect. Everything else is great, I am really getting into Blinkfeed; my music sounds great through the speakers and even better through headphones. My next project is to explore the camera.As I said before, I like to keep up on tech stuff. There is an article published on 04/30 that indicated the 16GB Galaxy S4 actually has only 8.8GB free for the consumer to use! And, that is not because of carrier bloat-ware, the test was done on an unlocked, sim-free device. A carrier-specific phone was also tested and guess what? 8.8GB too! That means Samsung has locked away 7.2GB for its own OS and features, as well as any carrier's installations, and none of that is accessible to the user, even if, say, only 5GB are actually needed. The ONE uses about 5GB for the OS, HTC's features, and the carrier's "stuff." So the pricing difference mentioned in the original post is even more dramatic: Samsung must really expect its customers will just bend over and say "Thank you Sir! May I have another?"There are other recent articles providing more in-depth comparisons of the ONE vs the S4; see if you can guess the outcome of the majority of the tests. I found it interesting that the only time the S4 seems to come out ahead is when there are a number of "ties" and the author chooses the Samsung as the winner.ORIGINAL POST:I like to keep up on tech developments, so I was intrigued about the "M7" from HTC I began reading about in December. We all know that phone is now the ONE. I pre-ordered a 64GB ONE and have had it for just over a week now. There are some really great personal reviews here on Amazon that discuss all of the features of the phone, as well as dozens of professional reviews out there (and an amazing thesis by Brian Klug that HTC should adopt as its owners manual; look for the pull-down at the end of the first page then make a sandwich and sit back, the entire review is literally 93 pages including photos and charts. EVERYTHING you want to know about this phone is contained in his article at [...] I agree with them 100% and there is really nothing I can add that has not already been said. So, I am not going to address all of the features and capabilities of the ONE, as that would be redundant in light of all the other reviews. Instead I want to focus on why you should buy this phone over all the others available, and on the differences in the specs. (I will add to this review over the next few days so check back.)First and foremost is the appearance; in a sea of bland sameness, the ONE can be spotted a mile away. Some argue it looks like the iPhone, the Z10, or any other rectangular phone. Well, there are only so many useable shapes, so, yeah, I guess it is geometrically similar. The real test then would be to lay down a dozen similarly shaped phones, devoid of any labeling, in a grid pattern and see how long it would take to pick it out from the rest. Once anyone has seen this phone in person, it would be a matter of seconds before your eyes would spot it in the crowd. It is simply that beautiful and unique.The feel of the phone in your hand is also something so different it is really hard to explain. It is almost sensual (not to be confused with sexual, I am making a point here). It is like gripping a very well designed steering wheel in a sports car (think BMW M3) as opposed to an everyday driver; or holding a well balanced carving knife with an ergonomic handle, compared to something you might buy on sale at Wal Mart; or putting your hand into a seasoned baseball glove, compared to a new, stiff, vinyl glove. The shape, the texture, the heft, the coolness of the metal..it all just FEELS right. It is something you can't put on paper, you have to experience it for yourself. Other phones feel like a cheap kid's toy whereas the ONE feels expensive. It feels special in comparison.The features of the ONE are actually very well thought out and I understand HTC spent quite some time learning how people use their phones. Take Blinkfeed, for example. Many reviewers have stated they see no need for it and I was skeptical at first, but after a week I find it very useful. If your home computer has Yahoo or MSN homepage and you watch it for news, sports, business updates, you will absolutely love Blinkfeed. Unlike your computer homepage, HTC allows you to choose the sources of your information so you get the updates you are interested in and nothing else. How useful is that?Sense 5 has changed the look of typical Android a bit, but nothing that won't become second nature to you in the first couple of days using the ONE. Those of you new to Android, there is nothing to worry about as you won't know the difference anyway. And we are talking minor changes, nothing quite as drastic as, say, going from Windows 7 to 8. Other companies will try to point out that these changes ruined the phone. To them I say, get over it! Things and people change every day and we all survive; swiping up in the app tray instead of sideways is not life-changing, I think I'll live through it.Speaking of Android, the ONE uses 4.1, the most recent version is 4.2. The only difference is about a half dozen features that I won't go into here. You can search 4.1 vs 4.2 for an exact understanding. However, I will say that every reviewer that has commented on the fact the the ONE ships with 4.1 and the GS4 ships with 4.2 has said that the difference in the OS is so small that is doesen't matter, in addition to which Sense 5 itself makes up for some of the differences. Other reviewers have stated they actually like 4.1 better and will not upgrade their personal devices until KLP is released. Google was expected to release KLP in May but now apparently it is going to be held back a couple of months. The reason is irrelevant to this discussion; but the point is there is a very good likelihood HTC will skip the 4.2 upgrade for the ONE and go directly to KLP. When will that happen; who knows?The camera is perhaps the most controversial feature. If you don't already know, the megapixal race is a sham, more just means more, and it doesn't really cost the manufacturers that much to jam more in for bragging rights. I love to hear owners, especially the smug ones, talk about their 8, 13, 21...MP cameraphones; they wouldn't know an MP from an M&M.; Any photographer will tell you that all multiple MPs are really good for is enlarging a photo for the purpose of either cropping or a poster sized print, without losing detail. I am willing to wager the vast majority (90+%) of you reading this have never done either with a picture taken from your phones.Most of us use the camera on our phone because it is convenient, not because of the great shots they produce. How many wedding photographers use a cell phone as their camera? Would you hire one that did? Most of the shots we take are indoors and all of the comparison tests have shown the ONE is the best camera for that purpose. Outdoor shots are just fine as well, but admittedly, there are some phones that are better suited for outdoors, but only in daylight. For night shots, the ONE is again the winner. The bottom line here is to remember you are buying a smartphone that by its very nature has many, many purposes. If you are buying a smartphone because you need a great camera, your priorities are screwed up: go buy a DSLR.Next is the sound quality, specifically, Boomsound; great feature, lousy name. The sound this device puts out will rival any personal speaker system on the market. The only thing it won't do is replace a speaker system designed for parties (think Beats Box portable bluetooth speaker). In a room with just a few people, the phone is all you need and even then you may need to turn it down. The sound quality is simply great, not tinny, weak or buzzy, like the sound coming from every other phone on the market, bar none. In fact, I like to play the live version of U2's "God Part II", or Hendrix's "Voodoo Child" just to see the expession on the face of my friends. Try that with whatever you are currently using or any of the competition and you will just get laughs, not an "Oh, WOW!"And speaking of "Oh, wow," Samsung has added some really interesting "gee-wiz" features, that I don't see anyone ever using after the first week. Waving at the screen instead of touching it, tilting the phone up or down to scroll...I mean, really? You have to hold the thing in your hand, how hard would it be to do it the "old-fashioned" way and actually put your finger on the screen and swipe? Your movements cannot be subtle or they won't be read. Do you really want to look like some fool nodding and gesturing at your phone in public?  In addition, some of the features only work on Samsung apps. For example, looking away pauses videos, but not on You Tube, so even if you wanted to buy the GS4 for that purpose, it won't work! Samsung loaded the GS4 with features because it could, not because they are something anyone wants, needs, or would use; and yet they are some of the major selling points. Features for the sake of features means nothing; make them useful.Two other points that should be set straight are events in the news. Most recently, Nokia announced they had won an injunction against HTC selling the ONE in Holland, over the use of microphones designed by Nokia (which, by the way are fantastic in making the phone calls clear as can be in very noisy environments and also allow for recording songs at live concerts so you can play them back and hear the song clearly - thank you Nokia). The truth, however, is the injunction was against the company that manufactured the microphones for Nokia, and is not to sell them to any other company for six months. The manufacture and sale of the ONE are not affected by the injunction outside of Holland, except that HTC will have to get another supplier for the microphones after their current stockpile runs out.The other point has to do with the predatory marketing by Samsung of the GS4. It is a fact that Samsung was caught indirectly paying students in Taiwan (home of HTC) to write false blogs and negative comments slamming the ONE and HTC, and at the same time promoting the qualities of the GS4 and Samsung. They did not even try to deny it, they just apologised like it was nothing. Samsung is now the largest cell phone manufacturer in the world; it makes me wonder exactly how they got that way. So let's see: their products are good, but not world beating; their advertising budget is larger than the GNP of some nations; they have an immense customer base which is very loyal, and will close-mindedly shout down any challenger that dares to produce a superior product. Wait a minute, why would people do that? What Samsung did in Taiwan couldn't happen here...could it? Fool me once, shame on me, fool me twice...HTC went above and beyond to design and engineer a fantastic phone and it definitely deserves your consideration. The GS4, however, is just a reiteration of the GS3, improved - yes, but really just more of the same. The ONE and the GS4 have excellent and similar/same specs, so the real difference is the physical appearance and two characteristics: expandable memory and removable batteries. As you know, Apple has neither, and yet there are millions of iPhones out there so it evidently is a matter of choice, not necessity. The ONE is $199 for 32GB and the GS4 is $249 with 32GB (add a 32GB SDXC micro card and you are up to $299). For that price you can have a 64GB ONE [all pricing is per AT&T; Amazon pricing is definitely better and can vary day-to-day].As for the battery life, in the week I have owned my ONE I have recharged it four out of seven nights, the lowest the battery ever got was to 18% after two days. Normally I don't charge every night unless I am going to be out running around in the morning. I have/use a charger at home, in the office and in my car; I also have a 3000mAh portable battery bank that can dump 50% of its charge into another device in well less than an hour and fully charge an 1850mAh battery in about 90 minutes. I wonder about those who post comments about their swapping out batteries midday. Just what are they doing with their phones, and if they really need that much battery life why don't they already own a Razor MAXX?Let's break this down: demanding a replaceable battery means you have already resigned yourself to buying a second battery for your brand new phone (at least $45 because we know you aren't going to buy generic) and a seperate battery charger (at least another $45 because someone like you doesn't have the time to recharge both batteries in-phone). With tax, we'll call it an even $100. So, no matter what replaceable-battery-phone you buy, EVERY time you buy, you can count on paying an additional $100 over the price of the phone itself, because God knows, no manufacturer of a replaceable-battery-phone is going to use the battery/charging system from the previous model. The obvious financial solution to this particular problem would be the one-tme purchase of a portable battery bank that plugs into any device with a micro-USB charging port. You are already planning on carrying that extra batery, a battery bank isn't that much larger. But, you say, "my way I can swap the batteries and forget it." Ok, so you are saying your phone never sits in your pocket, purse, briefcase, desk drawer, etc, for 45-90 minutes untouched (and even then, I can use my phone with the bank plugged in or unplug it if I absolutly need to)? You don't use a bluetooth device? You have to handle your phone on a constant basis, LITERALLY? Well, then I guess I can't help you. But if I made my point, then a replaceable battery is not really a deal breaker. Pick up the ONE.The ONE is without a doubt the best smartphone that has ever been built. I cannot recommend it highly enough. You really don't need to look any further or at any other phone. This is the ONE!!

Disclaimer: this is a review for the T-Mobile version, but since the phones are nearly identical (and there's no separate T-Mobile model listing), I'm posting a review on the AT&T; version.I've been an Android user since the G1 (also by HTC), and despite this being my third HTC phone, the HTC One is my first phone that doesn't run stock/vanilla Android.  After over a month of use, my view of the phone is that it's a beautiful phone that could have been perfect save for some faults and quirks.First off, the hardware looks phenomenal with its aluminum unibody construction.  The back is smooth and feels comfortable to hold.  However, that same smoothness has caused the phone to slip out of my hands on a few occasions.  Without a case on, it's difficult to get a good grip on this phone without a decent amount of pressure.  The buttons are also flush with the sides, so unless you know precisely where the buttons are, you can't really fumble around and hope to hit the buttons without looking.  And the capacitive buttons seem to have a very small target area; it happens far too often that a button press doesn't register because I didn't hit the icon straight on.The camera is the best camera I've ever had on a smartphone.  The low light pictures are great, and Zoes, which I originally thought were a gimmick, are pretty fun to play with.  The downside to this is that the gallery can be difficult to navigate.  There is a separate folder for pictures from your friends on your social networks, which you can't delete; and it's not as easy to make a Highlight video as it should be (you have to be in Events view, and then you may need to manually create your own event if you want to select the pictures/Zoes to be included).  The gallery just feels clunky to use and navigate, which is a sharp contrast with the easy to use camera.Sense 5 is fast and barely feels like Sense at times; and then there are times when I found myself frustrated by it.  Save for some theming, Sense 5 runs like stock Android 4.1.2 and is just as fast.  But like the gallery app, there are some elements to Sense that feel clunky, such as linking my contacts together or moving apps/widgets to the homescreen (I'm using Nova Launcher now, so this isn't a problem anymore).  For my day to day use when I'm using other apps, I barely notice Sense.  But in the few moments when I need to use a system app, I find it frustrating compared to stock Android.Despite these criticisms, there are several great features about the phone.  Because of the IR port, I've found myself using my phone as a remote quite often.  The dual front-facing speakers make it incredibly easy to watch or listen to something.  And the 1080p screen is just beautiful to look at.  My last phone had a 720p display (which was a huge leap from my previous phone), and there are some moments where the extra resolution is noticeable.  Blinkfeed is another feature that I originally called a gimmick, but it's a feature I found myself liking.  The downside is that it doesn't work with a third-party launcher, so if you want it, you'll lose it with a third-party launcher like Nova.  On the other hand, if you don't like it, you can get rid of it with a third-party launcher.Regardless of whether you purchase the AT&T; or T-Mobile version of the phone, Google Wallet will not work on the device (only on Sprint).  You can install the app, but it does not work.  If you want to pay by NFC, you need to use the Isis app, as long as you're in one of their two test markets.At the end of the day, I really do enjoy using this phone, but I often find myself feeling like it's a few steps short of excellence.  Some days I want to go back to my Nexus 4; other days, I can't imagine giving up the HTC One and its new features.  For a regular/new smartphone user, I think this phone would be perfect for them.  For someone who is more of an Android enthusiast, it may not be quite as perfect, but I think that this is the best Android device out there right now, save for possibly a Nexus.

Why only two Stars with all the good things that goes with this phone?  Take a look at this post:  [...]I am one of those victims too.  Lens cracked with normal use.  No drops to the phone at all.  Called HTC.  They both immediately denied the warranty repair and demanded $180 for the repair.Think twice before purchasing.

I don't know why everybody waits for the new iphone android needs more ads. I'm not blind but on this phone the voiceover is almost iphone par don't quote me on that but its good. the beats speakers add amazing sound. how large and how it fits in your hand is amazing. I was a supporter of android from the beginning and I really was considering about switching to iphone but with all the new android best sellers coming out I didn't. sellers like the htc one,Galaxy s4 and things like both of them people need to realize how much better android is. By far my most fav feature is probably blinkfeed.This phone is 5 outta 5 in my book

I had a Iphone4 and I wanted to change to an Android phone with a big screen. After investigation, HTC one and Samsung Galaxy S4 are the two choices. I don't like the appearance of S4 personally especially its plastic case. In comparison, HTC one is really beautiful and elegant. Screen display is very sharp and bright. 32g internal memory is as twice as Iphone and S4, so I never worry about storage as I used to be using Iphone. By the way, it is easy to use. One thing I noticed is that HTC one Wifi is not as stable as Iphone when you switch from 4G to Wifi or from one Wifi to another Wifi. It takes several seconds to get to good signal.

This phone has been fantastic. I upgraded from the original Samsung Galaxy, and definitely wanted to get away from Samsung. My old Galaxy seemed to be exemplary of what you get from Samsung - a product that is initially great but quickly begins to slow down and wear out. My guess is that Samsung uses a lot of cheaper components in their phones, which makes them cheaper to manufacture and to satisfy demands. That might be great for the customer who wants to turn over their phone every year or so, but I like to stick with my tech for a while, at least until something significantly better comes around.Overall I love this phone, and have been using it for several months now. I guess I'll describe the features of the phone in a bit more detail below. As of right now, I can't name any specific complaints with the phone.===Aesthetics===This phone is gorgeous. I wasn't sure how I would adapt to having such a huge screen, but I can now say that it was really easy to get used to it. The screen is ample and the resolution and color fidelity is impressive. The aluminum body gives the whole phone a feeling that makes you recognize just how care and thought went into the design and fabrication of the phone. It also matches my MacBook Pro really well, which is just a fun little bonus for me.I couldn't bring myself to put a case on my phone. I'm a very careful person, especially with things of high value like a smartphone, so I think I'll be okay. After a few months of regular usage there are little to no scratches on the body, and I still get to enjoy having all my friends drool over the phone when I take it out.===Speakers===Probably the first thing that just really impressed me about the phone was the very loud and nice sounding speakers. I'm very picky about sound and audio quality, so I'm not comparing them to the great sound you get from things like Swan, Klipsch, etc. That being said, these speakers hold their own compared to built-in laptop speakers and blow other phones out of the water. It's really nice for watching videos and listening to music when you don't have a dedicated speaker to connect your phone to.Keep in mind though, the speakers are LOUD but they can't really compete with ambient noise. To get the most out of listening to the speakers you will need to be in a relatively quiet place that has some decent acoustics so the sound can resonate a bit. For example, they sound great in my bedroom which is a relatively small 11'x10' room but the overall effect diminishes when I play them outside in the courtyard or lawn. This, of course, is to be expected with any sound system so you can't really complain.===Camera===I was really excited about the camera for taking low-light pictures in concerts. The first time I tried it though, the camera just totally failed to produce any good images. I know quite a bit about photography, so it seemed to me that the software was trying to compensate for the average low-light by really blowing out the ISO. This would normally work to produce a terribly quality picture that is nonetheless, in focus. Unfortunately, since concerts are generally a blend of extreme darkness off-stage, and VERY bright lights on-stage, this ends up blowing out the stage and the phone can't figure out what to focus on. I basically got a lot of blurry pictures of what looks like glowing humanoids in a dark room.I was pretty disappointed with the results, especially after comparing photos with my friend's iPhone 4. Knowing the specs of the camera, I feel that this is largely a software issue, and frankly if I had full control over ISO, shutter speed, and aperture I could probably get this to take great pictures.While there isn't a way to control shutter speed and aperture as far as I can tell, you can control the ISO. So the next concert I went to, I capped the ISO at 100 and voila! The camera was able to distinguish the band, and take really pretty good pictures.After figuring out what I needed to tinker with to get good pictures, the camera's other software and features really started to shine. The continuous shooting option allows you to take a burst of images and select the best one, which was great for capturing dynamic moments on stage. Another feature I've come to love is the panorama shot (outside of concert-photography of course) and the Zoe.I originally thought the Zoe was kind of a dumb gimmicky thing, and part of me still does believe that. However, it is really kind of cool to have you gallery of events on your phone, complete with little mini-movies that just makes it easy to feel like you are relieving the moment. Sadly, there are no good ways of getting these files off your phone.There's a lot of other great tricks as well, which I haven't fully explored. If you're interested there's lots of articles out there on getting the most out of the HTC One's camera, I'd recommend giving them a look.===Performance===Really not much to say here besides the fact that the One is just blazing fast. It's fast at everything it does. The only time it isn't fast it's because the data connection is crap, but that happens rarely in Boston.===Blinkfeed===I kind of thought I wouldn't like this unremovable feature that comes with the One. I definitely changed my homescreen, but I often find mysel fusing Blinkfeed. I'm really, really, really, busy. I'm sure a lot of you are also really busy. For me, at least, this has translated to me being pretty far removed from what's going on in the rest of the world. That's where blinkfeed comes in to provide me with something I didn't have super easy access to before - news! It's all right there, constantly updating a feed of news based on what you're interested in. It's like having an electronic newspaper on hand all the time. For that reason, I've really loved it.That's about it in terms of the features that immediately come to mind. Hopefully you've found this review helpful. If you're torn between getting the One of the Samsung, I would really recommend the One. I have owned many Samsung products over the years, and have had many friends with their products as well. Overall, they just don't seem to last very long. I feel that Samsung is just under the impression that its customers won't be keeping their products for much longer than a year, so they don't build them to last much longer than that.If you want a solidly constructed Android phone that will both last you a long time and offer you everything you could want from the top smartphones on the market today, this is your guy.

Very fast and customizable. I use Nova launcher instead of sense5. I can then have more icons on a screen, a nexus look, quicker animations, and no blinkfeed. yet I keep features like ZOE.the feel is great, it makes every other phone feel cheap. It can survive a fall on it's face. my feel out of my car door face down on cement- only a small scratch on the metal speaker- glass is perfect still. the metal back is very slipper, be extra careful in dress pants.I use a fancy dualpro case now, it makes it much more grippy..great sound quality. sometimes a little too loud. headphones were included, they sound good, not as good as my sony's though.This phone has the best screen I've ever seen. ever. Full HD in a super small space. it's good in dark and bright light too.call quality is fine, I haven't had dropped calls.IR blaster is pretty cool. button placement is okay, it takes a little getting used to.Camera images are low resolution, they can't really be zoomed in on, but they look good and it works okay in low light. auto focus is a little intense, it tries a bit too hard with focal length and exposure.the task manager takes a bit of getting used to, it's fine though and pretty quick.Hopefully the 4.4 firmware update will come soon.Really, any software con can be fixed with 3rd party apps.slippery back and low pixel camera are my only cons with this phone- it's fantastic.

My phone prior to this was a HTC inspire 4g, which I loved. This is a great piece. Looks great, fast, really sharp. I am still learning all the new stuff, app menus are a little strange imo.My only issues so far is that phone has the built-in storage. My computer is having trouble recognizing the device, :(other than that, I love this phone!

Where to even start with the disappointment in this phone. Phone is heavy, bulky, too large for female hand, built for a left handed person, horrible power button, the back and home buttons are hidden with no back light, not able to receive texts from any iPhone, disconnects from WiFi when I'm 20 ft away from our access point. Camera is horrible, my original HTC has a better camera than the 'one'.  My teens who are totally tech savvyy say its the worst phone they've tried out. The only positive is the key board. This phone will be going back as there is absolutely 0 reasons to keep it, so disappointed, HTC

Pros:  very fast, customizable, beautiful screen, plenty of memory for my use, battery lifeCon:  small gap in top of phone where the glass meets the body (zero-gap construction???) the camera has a steep learning curve. Snapping quick, good quality photos on the run isn't likely with this phone camera due to the constant need to adjust the settings.Having used Apple products almost exclusively, I am not bothered by the lack of removable battery. Once I adjusted the settings, I find I get great battery life.  Even after transferring my music library I have plenty of memory available, however, my video library is stored on my iPad.

I have been enjoying this Android phone.  Best price on Amazon, much cheaper than AT&T and no re-stocking fee.  I had purchased a Samsung Galaxy 4 from AT&T and returned it.  Got stuck for the re-stocking fee.  Will always purchase cell phones from Amazon from now on.

Since yesterday my phone stopped working suddenly.... I can not reboot the phone even after charging;Currently working with Amazon and ATT to see if I can get it repaired as my phone has 1 year warrranty;Will keep posted on the progress....Reasons for rating: This phone is concealed and you can not open it to check the battery or anything to see if it works

Thia phone is a good example of a modern well made cell phone.  It is very well made. It feels solid. I think it is as well made as any phone I have ever owned.

I&#8217;ve had this phone for about 4 months now and I love it. Previously I had the HTC One X+, GS3, and iPhone4. HTC just doesn&#8217;t get the reputation they deserve; I mean they make great phones that always get overshadowed by Samsung. I guess the marketing department just isn&#8217;t that great over at HTC. Of all the current crop of high end phones the HTC One offered the best overall package from the exterior to the internals. My current HTC One is running on the AT&T; network and I&#8217;m happy with it. But AT&T; does have its annoyances, but we&#8217;ll just leave it at that.Construction:The phone is beautifully designed with a smooth machined aluminum body that feels very solid in your hand. It the best looking phone on the market right now hands down. I&#8217;ve shown this phone to many people and they are impressed by its good looks and sturdy feel. You can look at it from any angle and it looks seamless. Something you can&#8217;t say about the GS3/4, which both feel cheap and flimsy. The back of the phone is curved slightly for a good fit in the palm of your hand. The buttons are recessed so the edge of the phone is very smooth, adding to the overall sleekness.Screen:The glass protecting the screen is the standard Gorilla Glass 2 found on all high end smartphones. What differentiates the HTC One from other phone is the use of a Super LCD which allows for very accurate color reproduction. The AMOLED screen found on the GS4 tends to oversaturate colors. I will take truer colors over power saving any day. Aside from great color reproduction, the screen has very high 469ppi. Websites and text appear as if they&#8217;re printed on paper. Using the phone in full sunlight proved to be no problem and everything was easily readable.Camera:I hate how the current market trend is towards higher pixel cameras, and consumers buy this BS. Please stop listening to marketing gimmick, higher pixel count does not always guarantee better pictures. The lens quality, CMOS sensor/camera internals, and processing software make a huge difference in the outcome of the picture quality. You can have a 13 megapixel picture taken with a bad sensor and your picture will come out ugly as sin. The Ultrapixel sensor in the HTC One is a nice compromise between picture quality and image size. Having higher pixel count also means that you&#8217;re going to have larger pictures and a harder time to manipulate the pictures later on. I don&#8217;t know about you but if your need is to have a higher pixel count picture, why not just use a quality digi camera or SLR? Use the right tool for the right job.The Ultrapixel camera produces very true colors (compliments the SuperLCD screen). A lot of people agree that the iPhone 5/s/c is equipped with a great camera and the One&#8217;s camera is up there with the Apple&#8217;s flagship. Lots of controls in the UI to adjust ISO, shutter speed, and filters; all easily accessed within the UI.SoundYou might be wondering why I am dedicating an entire section on sound. Well the HTC took some thought into the design of the phone and integrated amazing sounding speakers. They managed to cram a pair of stereo front facing speakers into the phone. You&#8217;d think a speaker is a speaker right? Well not quite, HTC is using technology from NXP (model TFA9887), which works to boost the power of the speakers to 2.6 watts RMS without destroying the driver. The result is speakers that don&#8217;t sound like you&#8217;re listening to music underwater, but ones that have perfect clarity. The difference is astounding especially when the speakers are centrally pointed at you. There is a pseudo surround effect when watching movies, or youtube clips. These speakers work outdoors and cuts through ambient noise, so you don&#8217;t have to cup your ear close to the phone when your friend shows you a clip at a restaurant or a noisy place. I dare you to find another phone that has the same quality sounding speakers, but alas you&#8217;ll only find the high end phone environment littered with rear or side facing speakers. Other manufacturers should learn a lesson from HTC.The great speakers serve a dual purpose. Not only are they used to boost up your favorite music track, but the top speaker is used for voice calls. The large speaker boosts the person&#8217;s voice on the other end very clearly, but without being too loud. You can hear voice calls even in noisy areas. No more screaming &#8220;What? I can&#8217;t hear you!&#8221; to the other person.Front End InterfaceHTC Sense 5.0, in my opinion is the cleanest UI implementation of any phone. It&#8217;s a very modern and minimalist take on the Android user interface. Menus are snappy without any noticeable lag. Look wise it&#8217;s not as boring as Google&#8217;s stock Android UI and not as textured as Samsung&#8217;s Touchwiz or busy as LG Optimus UI.  The menu and buttons are flat with dark colored back ground with slight transparency. But most important of all the entire UI feel consistent from screen to screen and menu to menu. The UI serves to dish information to the user in a very condensed way without being too complicated.Let&#8217;s take the notification menu as an example (pull down on the upper right part of the screen). This menu is very clean and when you pull down it only shows notifications, just like in the stock Android implementation. You can dismiss each item individually and the menu feels decluttered and shows only the essentials. This design philosophy carries through to all the menus. Take a look at Samsung&#8217;s notification menu, gah, so many button toggles.Most important of all, HTC doesn&#8217;t package the phone with useless and redundant bloatware apps that Samsung does. I was shocked at the number of apps that are bundled with the GS3 and you can&#8217;t disable some of them. If you bought the phone from a carrier such as AT&T; then you&#8217;re not going to escape from this. Usually phone carriers will add their own useless apps to the mix, but fortunately most of them can be disabled and be out of your life.Exclusive FeaturesZOE: One of the coolest features on the phone. When this feature is turned on pressing the shutter button will take a 3 second clip of the scene. You can then choose the best frame or edit out objects or people that are distracting in the scene. Group shots ruined by someone not smiling or have their eyes closed? Not a problem, you can use Zoe to find the perfect frame. The software automatically adjusts exposure and quickly compiles it into the perfect shot. The features and tweaking functions found in this photo software package makes it stand out from the crowd.Blinkfeed: Aggregates content into small readable tiles from a range of websites. Right now a limited number of websites are supported, but the most of them covers the content that is the most useful such as news, social media, and tech. This is my favorite feature on the phoneBattery LifeBattery life is generally good. I can get through the day without having to tap into the wall socket (12 hours battery time). My normal day consists of light web surfing, gaming and texts. If you really want to conserve batter the phone has 2 battery saving features that will stretch the battery further: Sleep Mode and Battery Saver can both be found in the settings menu.Conclusion:Overall the HTC One is a great phone that stands out even though the market is now crowded with high end phones from Motorola, Google, Samsung and LG. Its good looks and unique features help it stand out above the crowd. I&#8217;m not a spokesman for HTC and wrote this review of my own freewill. &#61514;

I am upgrading from my very lovable galaxy note 1. I enjoyed it thoroughly except for its sluggishness. I would have loved to keep it as my primary phone had HTC one not impressed me with its smoothness and fastness. There are many things I am going to miss from my galaxy note. 1st and obvious one is pen which wont even have any alternative. All other features I enjoyed on note have alternatives, for example notification toggle in notification tray, but I have downloaded notification toggle app from market which  is infact a better alternative. I am going to miss my power button which was on side for big phone, HTC one's power button will be pain for me for sure. One more thing I will miss is menu button. Now I am in iphone era where I have to rely on in built app menu button. Seperate search button on note was great too along with holding home button for recent apps, but hopefully I will get used to long pressing home button for search and double tapping it for recent apps. Other than that, I have started enjoying HTC one slowly and dearly. Camera, fastness and smoothness being obvious perks which are taking over above mentioned short comings... There are few software factors also which I was used to, but I am sure that will fade away with time...Update1: Many of my software complaints have reduced after I saw 20+ tricks for HTC one youtube video. I am enjoying camera and gallary app even more. I also heard about Moto x having great notification feature called active notification, so I downloaded paid version of dynamic notification and it works so well. With blazing speed, cutting edge hardware, and all new software features, I can proudly say HTC one is perfect for my needs. I am only on 4th day with it and I am pretty close to getting used to it now... The speakers are so good that I cant think of buying any other phone without such good speaker quality.

This thing is fast and loud. Had it a couple months and 0 issues. Did I mention it was fast? The battery lasts me almost two days with everything turned on. Great phone.

This is an amazing phone- software runs without any lag, the screen is crisp and bright and the sound must be experienced to be believed.  The camera takes better low light photos without a flash than most take with a flash.  The flash also works well, and the included picture editing software works well and rapidly on the phone.  Absolutely everyone that sees it is amazed by the build quality- most Apple fans instantly assume it is the latest from Apple.  This is a piece of equipment that looks like it is worth the several hundred dollars it would cost without a carrier subsidy.  Unlike many other people, I am not impressed by Blinkfeed- in fact I hate it.  There should be an option to turn it off- which there is not- but fortunately you can banish it by installing another launcher (I used the excellent Nova Launcher) and customize to your heart's content. BTW on customization- there is an option to disable applicattions in the applications setting- meaning you can banish carrier bloatware from your app drawer.  (It is still on the hpone, but hidden and not running) The signature clock widget of HTC and their weather widget wallpaper and lock screeen are elegant and functional.  I did find that the selection of colors for the keyboard (black with a lighter grey for the shift/alt keys) did not provide enough contrast for me to see well, so I installed a 3rd party keyboard and predictive text program as well (Touchpal Keyboard which has many themes & colors allowing for high visibility in the keyboard.  The phone comes with a well thought out car application that provides for safe operation in a vehicle- calls are announced, texts are read and voice control is included. If HTC just allowed Blinkfeed to be banished as well I would say this phone approached perfection.

I recently upgraded from my HTC Inspire...  when I purchased that I made the mistake when getting that phone of getting a model below the newest phone because it was cheaper... but in 15 months it was nearly crippled by the lack of storage & slow processor.  For 6 months I have been looking at cell phones, I was stuck between the HTC One X+ & The Samsung Galaxy S3.  I am so glad I couldn't make up my mind because 2 days after I was eligible for an upgrade the HTC One was announced!  I was extremely excited by the specs and the new camera and honestly it hasn't disappointed.  There was a release delay which allowed me to compare it to the Galaxy S4 and I can same I am very happy with my choice.  I was able to pre-order my phone with AT&T; and get the $90 media link accessory for free.PROS:Looks/Feel~~  What can I say it is a beautiful and sleek phone!  The metal case feels great in my hands as HTC is known for it feels very durable.  This was a big reason I prefer HTC over Samsungs light plasticy phones.  The screen is big, but it's longer and about the same width at my old phone which means I can still fit it in my pocked unlike many other phones and even for a female with small hands it is still easy to use with just one hand.Software~~ The new HTC Sense 5 is awesome!  It runs smoothly and though I didn't think I would care about the blink news feed I actually really like it!  I do wish they had some more news options, but I have quick access to real news updates which is nice when I am waiting in lines and other things where you don't have time to surf to find them.  Not only that but I just love the look and being able to scroll through the pictures with the titles.  They did move a lot of stuff around from Sense 4, but it's still very easy to use.  Also the phone is more then powerful enough to run & support it.Sound~~  I know this can vary some by network & location but I find the call quality to be very good, much better then my friends iPhone 5.  Also I didn't think I would care about the beats audio but OH MY it is frickin' awesome. Whether for media, apps like skype or making calls it's crisp & clear, even at lower volumes.Speed~~  The quad core processor is super fast & between that, 2g Ram & Sense 5 it runs fast & smoothly.Camera ~~  This is the golden child!!! I was SO over the moon about the Ultrapixel camera... I love photography & for years I have argued with people about megapixels.  There is a reason why the one model with 6mp is the same as the one with 13mp even though they are the same brand... the 6mp one had better quality parts!  You can give a camera as many pictures as you want, but a small crappy picture will just turn into a large one.  The camera is fast & the amount of light it lets in is insane (that whole bigger better individual pixels thing).  With 5 kids this was one of the main reasons I wanted this camera.  I have a nice Nikon DSLR but it doesn't fit in my pocket, I take 90% of my pictures with this now.  You can actually zoom and take pictures with my cell phone and many people think I used my DSLR.  The video quality is equally amazing though the files are big if you don't turn the quality down a little bit.  The front camera while lower quality still takes great pictures and it's nice to have on a phone (my old one did not).  It has the Zoe feature which is cool but I really don't use it yet.Screen Quality~~  I put a screen protector on mine so I can't really talk about the glass it self but the touch works super well and the colors are amazing & more true then the s3 which I could to have a very bright white that distorts things a bit.Extra~~ The TV remote function is also great, I didn't think it would work with our TV because it isn't a smart TV but it does!!!  It is basically a digital universal remote.  We don't have cable so we don't use if for that but it is nice to have while nursing the baby & not being able to find the remote the 2yr old hid.Memory~~  32g is standard & At&t; has a 64g for $100 more.CON'S:Price~~ Not cheap, but at the same time are any of them anymore?  Not unless they are old & the iPhone is more for less memoryBuilt in memory~~  Many smart phones are going the way of the iphone with built in memory.  After first I thought I would hate it but honestly it's not bad!  I just set up dropbox to sync with my phone incase something happens to it.  I do recommend the 64g though if you can afford it.  The 32g is okay but with basic stuff & not many apps it is already using about 12g of space... apps just keep getting bigger and if you are like me & use your camera a ton it will fill up even faster.  Since I can't use an SD card I felt better purchasing the 64g for myself.Built in battery~~  Again many smart phones are going the way of the iphone with built in batteries.  I have never been one to carry multiple batteries to swap out so honestly that wasn't really a concern.  I drain my battery before charging anyway so the battery in my nearly 2yr old phone is still fine.Screen lighting~~ The phone has a slightly less bright screen then some other phones on the market to help save power.  In part because it also has the largest quadcore processor for the moment.  Honestly I rarely notice and it isn't an issue for me but I wanted to mention it.Battery life~~  It's not the worst but not the best.  Honestly most smart phones are HORRIBLE so it makes it hard to compare at times.  It really depends on your use wifi, games etc. will drain it, Candy Crush is bad about draining it fast (they use that handy dandy processor) but talk, music & standby times are actually very good for such a technically beast like phone (again like all things tech 'for the moment')Heating up with some apps~~  Like other smart phones I have used some apps & games like Candy Crush use a lot of the phones resources.  The processor means business & it does warm up if playing games like that for extended period of times.  It hasn't burnt me or anything but it will get warm enough in your hand for you to take a break at times.  It hasn't been nearly as bad as our older phonesAll & all I couldn't be happier with my purchase! I have recommended it to friends and have even converted a few iPhone users over to the dark side.  I was nervous about paying so much for a phone ($299 for the 64g with a 2yr & got a free $90 medialink for preordering) but when I considered I have spent around $150 on my point & shoot cameras I decided to just do it and I am so glad I did.

Yes I am that Apple fanboy who used to wait in every line when every iteration of the iPhone was released.  I have owned every iPhone from the very first one and have loved the design and software of every phone.  Only recently did I become seriously interested in Android based phones again because of the Galaxy S4 and all of its cool features like preview without touching the screen or eye tracking.  I have tried Android phones in the past as well as Windows 7 phones, and I never thought I would give them a shot again but Samsung's big marketing push peaked my interest.Most of you know of at least one person who is always getting the latest iPad, iPhone, Kindle, etc. and you think to yourselves, " why is such and such always wasting money on such frivolous things?'...well Im that guy.  I am the one who buys into the latest and greatest because I see the value that these items bring to everyday life.  When I got the first iPhone, my friends and family who owned Motorola Razrs told me they can check their email from home and there was no need to be connected to email 24/7.  Well those people, all of them, now own iPhones (lol).  I was just as excited as any Apple fan boy when the iPhone 5 came out and it was nice to have the larger screen, but ultimately the hardware is seeing diminishing returns on its coolness factor.  Still without a doubt, the iPhone is a fantastic phone and I love it.  Yet, those droid phones and their large HD screens with cool features...So I went to a brick and mortar and picked up a Galaxy S4 because of all of the features that samsung developed that the iPhone lacked and it had a larger screen.  First, hardware wise, the S4 is amazing thin and light.  But it's made of plastic and it feels cheap.  Most people would think to themselves, as did I, who cares about design and feel because it is all about function.  Boy was I wrong...imagine a flat rectangular piece of plastic that is large so you must hold it with your fingers rather than let it sit in the palm of your hand.  It is flat so it doesn't sit in your palm.  One of the reasons Apple has stuck to small phones is because you can do everything with one hand.  Because of the S4's shape you need to do everything with two hands.  Yes I am a normal sized male with normal sized hands...it became rather frustrating when I could not text with one hand let alone do all of the other tasks with the phone I normally do with one hand.  But most importantly, it is very uncomfortable to hold.  It makes typing emails painful.  Another super cool feature of the S4 I liked was that I could expand the memory with a micro sd card.  Who would't want to add an extra 64gb of memory so you could store thousands of pictures without syncing the phone with your computer?  Well that feature is fantastic, but when I removed the back, plastic, cover it was about the cheapest thing I have felt in ages.  The back cover snaps off and cracks and creaks and you just wish Samsung would put a little effort into the design.  Another downside to Samsing's screen is it's SUPER AMOLED screen.  Colors are too saturated and are cartoonish which gets annoying rather quickly.  It's almost as if they are the extreme opposite to Apple and think function over design...but in this day and age, you would expect everyone to realize people really want the best of both worlds.Welcome to the HTC ONE...It has a bigger screen( than the iPhone but smaller than the S4), higher resolution screen, beautiful design, AWESOME SPEAKERS,  and a very ergonomic design.  The screen is better than both the iPhone 5 and Galxy s4 and it is noticeable to me rather easily.  Almost every review will tell you that the resolution between all three phones is insignificant, which it absolutely is if you are looking for individual pixels.  But for someone who used a Retina display since the iPhone 4s came out, I can tell you that the HTC One sets the new standard for the best phone screen available.  The S4's screen isnt even worth comparing because it is so bad.  I personally use my speaker on my phones quite often, mostly for speaker phone or movies and music.  Every portable device I have ever owned I always wished that the sound didnt sound so tinny and weak.  The HTC one is AMAZING when it comes to sound.  Not only is it loud but it is really clear.  I love using the speakers and on top of that I never have my ringer on full volume simply because it is too loud.  I have missed my ringer on my iPhone countless times, but the HTC One is so loud I can hear the ringer in the loudest of situations in normal daily life.  Now to ergonomics...I can use the phone with one hand and it sits in my palm.  I couldn't appreciate that detail until the S4 made me realize how important it was to have.  Ergonomics on a phone matter more than most give it credit for.  Last but not least, the design;  the phone is simply the best designed phone I have ever seen.  When the iPhone 1 came out it was beautiful and stunning.  That's what I think of the HTC One and now I think the iPhone 5 seems like the iPhone old...Also the iPhone 5 is made of aluminum but mine scratched rather easily and chipped as well.  I was even accused by Apple of dropping my phone because it was so scratched up.  I put a case on it to prevent further scratching...who expects aluminum to scratch?  Well not HTC because the One is made from aluminum and it doesn't scratch.  Think macbook pro, macbook air type aluminum.  All around this is the best phone I have put my hands on in ages and Apple is playing catch up to this device.Android - This software isn't for everyone.  Yes one of it's best qualities is that you can customize it to the way you want.  But his is also one of its worst qualities.  You can install lots of free apps that advertise bloat ware...that's a small example.  It takes some time getting used to but those flaws are more of Google's problems rather than HTC.Anyways, I never thought I would like a non Apple phone better than the iPhone, but the day has come.  The HTC One is the best phone on the market.  I am no programmer or hacker...I use my phone like the other 99% of the majority.  For the majority of people this is the phone to get.  You won't regret it.5/14/2013 - Battery life on all three phones is roughly the same in my opinion.  I use my phone to text, talk maybe 10-30 minutes a day, play an hour of video games, browse the web and listen to Spotify for a good hour at the gym everyday.  In terms of real world purposes, none of these phones really give us what we want in terms of battery life.  They can all get us through one day of normal usage but still won't get us through two full days with normal usage.  So for all three phones you can use them everyday and will need to charge them every night.After a few days of usage, I am still loving the One more and more.  The iPhone 5 after a few days of use was already picking up scratches whereas the One doesn't even show a hint of picking up scratches.  I always carry my phones in my left pocket with no other items and somehow my iPhone managed to get scratched.And one more thing, after using Apple for a few years now, I have become used to having many choices of accessories to chose from with the iPhone.  As for the HTC one, it's almost laughable at how little attention the device gets from third party vendors.  So if you like having a stylish case or other weird accessories likes lens attachments, don't keep your hopes up if you switch to a non Apple device.

The all metal casing of the one gives a solid, stylish and modern design that feels good in the hand. It is unique and captures everyone's attention in silver. Screen size is perfect for the small hand, and having the screen side to side is an excellent use of space without adding any bulk. It is sleek and thin. Speaking of the HD screen resolution, the screen looks great, brilliant and colors look crisp, even under sunlight. Boomsound speakers are great. In terms of the new features, Blinkfeed is something to get used to, it is a great way to have all the headline updates without entering the web. And I love how I can have my normal custom screen as a home page instead of the Blinkfeed if I want to (I have a picture of my kids as wallpaper), so if anyone does not like the Blinkfeed have the option to just "ignore it". The camera is great, still learning more features about it, but Zoe is a new and great experience. Watching the photos come to life in the album, and having them posted in the Blinkfeed is a way to keep in touch with memories. (And I am a camera power user, as I am always taking pictures of every moment). Love its macros and lowlights. Overall it is the best phone I've owned, comming from the HTC One X which is excellent, and I highly recommend it to everyone!

I have been (and still am) a big fan of HTC, and have been a fan as long as I can remember. HTC sometimes makes disappointing throwaway phones, but when it comes to flagship phones like the HTC One, they really give it their all. When I found out about this one, I knew I had to have it. The specs were exactly what I wanted, and the tradeoffs and sacrifices were balanced out by the advantages greatly. It was the phone I wanted.I switched over from an HTC Rezound, and one of the main differences I noticed from that is when I plug the HTC One into my Windows 8 desktop, it only picks up one storage medium. That's the way I like it, because the Rezound annoyed me greatly by having an internal storage separate from the SD card storage. Keeping track of what apps used the internal and sd storage was also an exercise in confusion at times, so having a single storage to rule them all is something I greatly welcome. I haven't had a simple storage scheme like this since I last used my HTC Evo back in 2011.That said, the build quality really impressed me. You think you know it's nice, until you actually hold it and see how brilliant the screen looks. It's jaw dropping, especially compared to a lackluster phone like the Rezound. The aluminum unibody doesn't look so easy to fix in case anything happens to it (knock on wood), but the way it feels and looks is nothing short of impressive. This is a premium phone, and when you hold it, it sure feels like it. Since it's a flagship, protecting your investment isn't too difficult considering case and accessory manufacturers are racing to get their best stuff out.Sense 5? We should really talk about that. If you loved Sense 4 to death like I did, you might be disappointed. Some of the polish that was present on Sense 4 was cut away, or moreso trimmed away. Some widgets I really liked, like the Agenda widget, are completely absent. There's no real substitute for a widget this great, either. There's two calendar widgets but they aren't so amazing. One is the full-sized calendar (4x3 in size) that shows you the month at a glance, with little vertical lines on each day to indicate appointments or scheduled events. Then there's a simpler, smaller widget (4x1) that shows you the next appointment. It's also got Blinkfeed integration, so that's nice.Speaking of Blinkfeed, I was rather disappointed. I like how it shows more than I expect, like my calendar info on occasion, but you're greatly limited to what you can do with it. Want to add something like Engadget articles to Blinkfeed? You've got it. What about Gizmodo or Lifehacker? Too bad; they're not on the list of feeds you can add. The fact that only certain sites are compatible with Blinkfeed sort of disappoints me. Still, I think it at least does a great job with some social networks, for what it's worth. If you don't really care for Blinkfeed, you might want to do your best to get used to it, because you can't get rid of it. I just stick it far off on another screen I only occasionally scroll to anyway.On the bright side, Sense 5 is still quite solid in most areas. They brought back the Evernote integration with the notes app, and the Dropbox out of the box as well. It was useful for me to sign into these apps when setting up my phone the first time instead of having to hunt them down in Google Play only after completing setup. I didn't like how the default drawer looked, but I was able to make it seem more Sense 4-ish by scrolling all the way to the top of the app drawer and selecting "Alphabetical" instead of "Custom" sorting, and changing the grid size to 4x5. Now that's more like the Sense I know. I'm somebody who rarely ever uses the home button and prefers to hit back to get out of apps, and a minor gripe I have is that hitting back in the app drawer doesn't take out outside of the app drawer anymore. Instead, you have to hit the app drawer button again to exit.Speaking of the back button, there's only two buttons on the phone this time, instead of the usual 4 (or 3, as we've seen lately on Android phones). There's a back and home button, and the HTC logo does absolutely nothing. There's a black bar at the bottom of some apps that contains 3 dots, and pressing it enables you to bring up the menu selection as if you hit the menu button on your phone. I still don't like how it takes up screen real-estate. Fortunately, there's a mod on XDA Developers that lets you bring up the menu by holding the back button instead, but it has to be activated and only works on rooted phones.The camera on this phone is a real champ. It's not very high on megapixels, but HTC more than makes up for it by focusing on the software. If you take pictures in broad daylight or in regular lighting, you might not notice too much of a difference compared to cameras like that of the Galaxy S4, but when it comes to low lighting, this phone dominates all the competition except the Lumia 920 (they're both on par with low light photography, more or less).This phone is available on multiple carriers, and I got the AT&T; model with 64GB of internal storage. I would have normally complained about the internal storage being non-expandable, but 64GB is just high enough for me that I couldn't care less. It's not a shamefully low amount like 16GB, and 32GB is quite standard. I have quite a music collection and didn't want to worry about streaming it from afar or not having what I want to listen to, so I decided to take the plunge for the unit with higher storage. I would say it was worth it. Along with non-expandable memory, the battery is built-in as well. The chances of getting a bad battery are probably not so high to begin with, but if you ever do get into the situation where your phone freezes up and needs a battery pull, you can simulate one by holding down power and both volume rockers down for several seconds. While doing so, the back and home buttons will flash a few times and the phone will reboot. It's a useful failsafe HTC built into the phone considering the limitations of a built-in battery. Even if I end up with less than satisfactory battery life, I have an external battery charger with over 10,000 mAh on it, so it doesn't bother me much.With all this storage, I can listen to the music I like whenever I want. I enjoy the built-in Beats equalizer in tandem with the iBeats that came with my original Rezound. Speaking of music, the One has dual speakers on the front. I can tell you they sound incredible. Your volume can be very high without sounding distorted or tinny in any way. The speakers produce such a rich sound, and the phone's default music player is capable of playing FLAC files, so you're good to go on high quality.Despite a few shortcomings in the UI, it still runs incredibly smooth. It's a must-have phone, and quite possibly the best Android phone available right now. I strongly recommend it for any fan of HTC and the Sense interface. However, if you're miffed about not having expandable storage options, removable battery, or the TouchWiz interface, you might want to get the S4 instead. If you don't take photos in low light anyway, you like plastic casing more on your phone, or you want to use a smart cover for your phone, an S4 is definitely a better option for you. If you don't mind the built-in storage and battery (and are prepared to deal with the limitations of such), you don't care that the battery life is only marginally lower than the S4, and that the phone runs Android 4.1.2 instead of 4.2, get the One. Besides, the Sense 5 UI does feel smoother than TouchWiz anyway. I know I probably don't seem so original making the comparison with the S4, but it's the elephant in the room and something about it always needs to be said to fairly and accurately recommend either phone.I just wrote this out to help people make a more informed decision. As for me, I'm also not ashamed to say I love HTC and knew I had to get this phone when I saw it.

This camera doesn't take a picture.  I have been trying to use a new application that allows one to take a picture of their check and avoid going to the bank but this phone's camera won't focus.  It has this strange purple haze to it and when I try to take the picture at the last minute it goes out of focus.  I did a Google search to see if this problem is wide spread and guess what, it is. Yet,there has been no recall or accountability from Amazon, the producers of the phone or AT&T.;  Do not buy this smart phone if you plan to use it as a smart phone or take pictures or make mobile check deposits.  I gave this a one star but trust me it deserves zero because if you try to use it for depositing checks you will end up with zero dollars and a big headache.Update, I called AT&T; and they are willing to send me a used phone to replace this defective one and they think I should be happy about it.  I bought this phone less than 2 months ago and it is defective.  Taking pictures of any kind produces purple blurry pictures.  Now I get a hassle of returning this one and setting up a new one (I mean different one it is not new).  There are so many similar complaints of this purple blurry camera that now I fear I will just get another lemon.

This phone is awesome, bottom line. The battery lasts a full day with moderate use, the processor is fast, the camera and camera features are great, and it is a beautiful phone. There are tons of reviews online that go over how great this phone is. My main criticism is the apparent lack of quality control. The first HTC One I received could not take pictures without them being blurry. It turned out to be a hardware issue. There was also static when I plugged int a headset due to a loose connection. I had to return the phone and received a new one. The new one's camera works as it should an the headphones do not have a loose connection or static when listening to music or on a phone call. On my new phone, the volume rocker sticks out slightly. The differences between the two phones I had highlights some quality control issues in the manufacturing process of this phone. Overall I definitely recommend the phone, but beware of the issues I have had.

I own the black version of this ATT HTC Phone.  The screen is the best I have ever seen, much better than the iphone 5s.  I love the design of this phone.  It is so slim and the unibody aluminum body is the best.  The dual front speakers are excellent.  Software is fast and butter smooth.  Very fast and I love the Blinkfeed feature for my news and facebook.  I would recommend this phone over the galaxy s4.Pros:Best screen out of all phonesBest unibody aluminum design (better than apples aluminum iPhone 5s body)Best sound from front dual speakersVery fast phoneVery smooth softwareExcellent multitasking switcherBuilt in remote to control Home Theater, AC Unit, Etc..Cons:Camera is good but not as good the iPhone 5s and Galaxy S4.

Since this is my first smart phone I took nearly 6 months to decide which one to buy.  I've had this phone for about 2 months now and it works fine, however, I have called for support about 4 times now for simple operating questions and their support is horrible.  They definitely know nothing about communicating or downloading anything to an Apple computer.  One tech actually told me to go to You Tube for support.  Another one told me he knew nothing about how to communicate with Itunes.  I think this phone is great for someone who is technically savvy with smart phones and computers but if you don't have any experience with a smart phone do not buy this phone.  You will be frustrated beyond your imagination.  I think I should have just bought an Apple I phone and left it at that.

Why all the gloating over the HTC One? I kept mine for less than a week before SPEEDING to the store to return the horrific device! Why are all the review sites sold out to glorify the so called "Natural Colored" screen, the over cranked speakers, and 23 minutes more of (non-removable) battery life? First of all you better subscribe to a warranty on the One. The phone is nearly air tight inside and that means a qualified service tech should be used to open it up when the non-removable battery slows up(just one example). All right I just bashed the major points of most all of the positive reviews on the One! Numerous times when using the speaker phone I was told that I am garbled. This is a major deal killer for me as I do not wish to hold a phone to my ear, or wear a bluetooth device all over the place. The on button at the top of the too long for it body on the One is hidden in the chamfered edge! Due to the fact that the phone looks almost identical on the top and bottom (not having a screen button accentuates the problem)I fumbled to answer the phone on occasions when I was in a hurry and did not watch the direction that I placed the phone on the table! The camera on the One is 4MP what? were in 2013! I need detail in my pictures for eBay! not blurry, color wrong (check out the green done wrong shots outside on the One)useless macro shots (unless there is low light)WHAT? didn't you pay the light bill? I use lighting if needed as I don't take surprise photos! How about performance? All three major benchmarks put the Galaxy S4 in the lead. So is the S4's screen over-saturated? YEP. Is it buggy once and awhile? YEP. Are the speakers just o.k.? YEP. But for me the S4 is not only an iPhone annihilator(had three of those), but the overall better choice between the One and the S4. Did I light any HTC Fanboy fuses with my disappointing review?

The good: Phone built quality and the screen sizeThe Bad:- Volume Controls --&#62; the placement of the volume controls is so bad that unwillingly and unknowingly, you will end up pressing the controls making the volume/ringer too loud or too low. I wish they had at least make the volume up and down buttons a little raised from the casing so that there would be less accidental volume setting changes- Although there is so much hype about the beats speakers and all that, I found the speaker phone volume during a call to be too-too low. additionally, in call volume on the in-built headset is also not that impressive- Not User Friendly --&#62; You will have to struggle to find different functions and settings.- Touch screen sensitivity problems --&#62; touch screen is not seamless. I had expected the touch screen to be more responsive.- Display issues--&#62; When you scroll the screen of an iPhone, you could clearly make out (if not read) the words moving on your screen. you can never imagine the same thing on this device.- Unnecessary Distractions --&#62; too many distractions. for instance, when you setup Skype, without even your knowledge it adds skye contacts to the contact list on the phone, Adds Facebook pictures to your picture gallery etc. and all this without your knowledge and there is no straight and easy way to get rid of all this unwanted distractions.To sum up, I would say this is a well built phone with good screen size and a sleek looking device but to me it is not a user friendly phone.A phone needs to be good looking AND intuitive so the user can use it with ease and confidence. almost every time if you have to switch to google to find out how you can access a certain feature or how you can get rid of an unwanted issues on your phone... to me thats a problem.

I cannot say enough good things about this great phone.  I have had a whole lot of phones through the years and the HTC One is by far the best yet.The 4.7 inch, Full HD 1080p, 468 PPI display is beyond perfect.  It is a pleasure to look at and use.Smooth and fast with plenty of features for everyone.  The camera is really good in low light and takes great pictures.  As for gaming there is nothing that will not run at top speed.  I got mine free from AT&T; and have to say I am extremely impressed to say the least!

FAB .......... .............. ............. UUUUUUUUU UUUUUUUU UUUUU............ .............. ..............LLLLL LLLLLLL OOOOO OOOOO UUUUUUU UUUUU SSSSSSS SSSSSSSSS SSSSSSSSS SSSSSS SSSSSSLOVE IT ......THANK YOUI RECOMMEND THIS HIGHLY

I've been iphone user for over 5 years. HTC One is my first android smartphone. I wanted a the larger screen phone. That was only reason to switch. Huge mistake!Purchased HTC one brand new from retail. Battery life really, really, really sucks. It was fully charged at 100% the night before, then I removed the charger; next day morning, it's got 85% left.I called at&t;, got an replacement. After two month of usage, second HTC one had 30% battery power left one night; next day morning, phone was completely shut off with 0% battery power in it.called at&t; again, second replacement (phone #3) is on the way. don't have much hope on this one. counting the days when my two year contract is up.One thing certain: NOT going to buy any HTC phone ever.

The camera on the phone did not work properly. The camera would not focus. The phone was NOT in Very Good Condition as stated.. It also had more than a few scratches, It had been dropped... I was NOT pleased with this purchase. I returned the phone, and received a prompt refund.

A lot has been written about the One. I have used mine for almost 3 months now and feel ready to write something about what it's like to use it day to day.The model I have is the 64gb black. I recommend paying up for the extra storage since the screen is so good you'd want to watch lots of content on it, memory isn't expandable and HTC charges a reasonable $60 for the extra 32gb .I believe the smartphone as a device is moving away from specs (everyone can easily get the best components because of outsourcing), towards form factor.  This is the way every maturing product goes. Eg. You don't pay 100x more for a Patek because it tells time better, nor a Birkin because it carries more things. We do so because it looks much better and feels much better while using it. Well, these are the same things that make the HTC one different.It is by far the most beautiful smartphone I have ever seen and the one that feels best in my hands. It has become a personal effect that I have come to identify with, much like a pen or watch.  Except a whole lot cheaper.Does it have shortcomings?  For sure.  The camera isn't great. The battery life could be better. But in the absence of a perfect phone (the iPhone screen is too small, Samsung too plasticky, blackberry too app-less), I choose the one with the best form factor.Interestingly, most of the friends I know who are true tech people, eg tech analysts or guys working in Google, etc. Use HTC.  That is a strong statement.I just wish HTC as a firm would stop its internal fighting and go back to focusing on making great products.  Not many have competed against Apple and Samsung and survived!

Completely happy with my HTC One purchase.  I've now used an iPhone, a Windows phone and this Android, and I can state without hesitation that the HTC One is the superior choice.

I LOVE MY NEW PHONE!!  I switched from my Iphone.  The HTC One, is faster, bigger and so much more customizable then the iphone ever was!I highly recommend the HTC One!!!

Actually, it took me over a week to really feel attached to this phone! At first I didn't want this phone and wanted the s4, but the plastic on the s4 looked tacky against the gorgeous aluminum of the One. I also wasn't sold on the ultrapixel camera, but since my phone was on it's last gasping breath of air I decided to get this phone. It also helped that my sis really wants this phone so I could always give it to her.This phone took a little getting used to..I have an Asus tablet that's pretty close to stock android so when I saw HTC ones android I was a little confused. For example, on my tablet I can kill tasks easily, but on the one it took me a day to figure out that I have to push the home button twice to be able to kill apps lol As u can probably tell, I'm kind of technologically challenged. Also I can't find Polaris on the phone. I can use it to view docs but I can't find the actual app on the phone. These are just the inconveniences that I had.BUT I absolutely love the front speakers. They are so loud and music sounds so good on it. It's so smart because sometimes you want to put the phone down but still listen to music and with other phones and tablets the music just gets muffled.I also enjoy blinkfeed. It keeps me up to date with news facebook Twitter etc. Sometimes it can get really busy on there, but you can set another page as your home page so you're not constantly overwhelmed with information. There also aren't enough news websites yet, but huffington post is great. Overall though I think it was a nice addition.I don't own a camera so my phone would be my main source of taking pictures. I wasn't sold on the ultrapixels, but honestly the camera is pretty good. The colors are true to life and not blurry. It's a huge upgrade from my 1.3 mp camera :p the features are also nice. My sis and I spent half an hour cracking up making our eyes bigger and 'contouring' our faces lol in the end we looked like crazy aliens!This phone is also blazing fast. Ahh I love it. It is so much fast than my tablet. My tablet only has 1gb of ram and it has 1.2 ghz so it takes awhile. Anyway my uverse is only 3mbps so it's not fast but this phone still loads pages really fast.I also love the screen. It is so sharp and the colors are nice. It's also not to wide so I'm able to text with one hand if I really have to. I definitely wouldnt mind if it was narrower because I have small hands but it's a trade off for the bigger screen.Battery life is pretty good. I don't bring my charger around and I get around 10 ish hours of normal use. My normal is lots of reading news articles, playing games like shark evo, cross me, email, taking pictures of my dog and browsing stuff online.There's also another feature that I really really love. It's the tv remote app lol I can never find the remote so this has made it so convenient to change the channel. I use it all the time. It also has a schedule that lists all the stuff that's on tv. Now I don't have to channel surf which is really annoying. I just open the app and see what's on.This phone is absolutely gorgeous and I really recommend it esp since it's 150 on amazon right now!! You won't regret getting this phone! I'm really glad I chose this over the s4 and iphone 5!Update #1 May 4th,2013I still love this phone lolAlthough, there are some issues with the home and back buttons. A lot of people have been reporting problems with theirs not working. Well mine work about 85% of the time. Sometimes the home button doesn't work and I end up hitting the camera app which is annoying but worse things can happen.Also, previously I mentioned that the phone lasted about ten hours. This isn't ten hours of non-stop use. It's ten hours of normal use. If I sat there nonstop I think this phone lasts about 4 hours with the screen on half brightness.This phone does take a long time to charge. I don't really mind though. I read in an article that HTC did this one purpose so that the battery will last longer. Im thankful for that since we can't take out the battery.It's been half a month since I've had it and other than the buttons not working sometimes, I am still very happy with my purchase.

As an average routine smart phone user I have my views on opting for this HTC One phone as under.Overall size & screen display not too big or too small, very convenient to carry around & access modern phone futures as and when needed with quick response. Picture, video & specifically audio quality is much better especially on call quality which is more important in my view when one needs to use this as one of the it&#8217;s dedicated function.While using this for texting, it has option for key board with dedicated cursor keys, where it becomes easier to move the cursor at a place where one needs it; instead of trying tapping & making more miss.Other remarkable thing I opted for this phone of HTC is, still it has option to bring in, on screen display of customizing widget with larger digital clock as it was kind of routine in predecessors of HTC series giving easy access to have glance at current time/temperature, along with blink feed screen if one like to make as one of the home screen in addition.Battery life found to be a OK with average usage of routine smart phone functions along with accessing web, altogether for about two to three hours in the span of about 12 hours; not getting drained so fast.Please bear in the mind that I am using this phone for almost just a month or so and not a very extensive user of the phone.But overall in above period of time, I like this phone for above features plus its light weight with steel body & convenient of handling as well accessing the smart phone futures faster as an average user.

I was an iphone user and decided to try an android so went with the HTC One. The very first weekend I had it I was getting out of my car and it slipped right out of my pocket to the driveway and put a single crack across the glass. I am kicking myself for not getting some additional coverage for that now. The display on this phone is phenomenal compared to the iphone 5 I had. The battery life isn't very good, if I don't use it much I can get through 1 day, if I use it a little heavier I end up needing to charge it by the afternoon. The camera worked great when I first got it and did for almost 1 year. Now it has a yellowish tint to the pictures. I suspect I set some setting that changed this but I haven't been able to figure out what I set. The display alone is worth it regardless of the battery life and now camera issues I am having.

Really nice smartphone with good speakers  excellent screen resolution & good battery life.Best value for the price.  Still reviewing the features.

It's a little bit difficult to use the Android sys at first time. But when I am familiar wiz it, I'd like to use it every time. Good quality, nice sounds, fast sys and multiple apps.

My experience with this phone so far was a bit of a pain. It came to me with 4.1 OS on it and trying to get it to upgrade to 4.3 was a hassle with AT&T. The mandatory blinkfeed is kind of annoying, but I use it for Facebook. The only thing that irks me is the Accuweather widget. You CANNOT get rid of it without ROOTing your phone which voids your warranty. I buy the HTC Droid phones for maximum customization and Accuweather is worthless for the weather in my area. It hovers above the blink feed and in the lock screen. Otherwise, the phone is beautiful and the sound is incredible. I bought the commuter case from Otterbox as I try to never touch my phones without them being in a case. Slides smoothly into my pocket.

I have been spending the last 8 hours setting up my new HTC One. I have had a good time both learning how this amazing device works and setting preferences. I performed an update to the android operating system. It was 245 Megs and was an incremental update to 4.1.2. I should be able to do the update to 4.3 tomorrow. Along with all the things that so many people have pointed out that this smartphone can do, what impresses me is the speed which it does things. My last smartphone was the Optimus Elite which was a good device, but not even close to the speed of the One. I have always used no-contract phones so I didn't have to be stuck with outdated phones. I won't mind 2 years with the One because I can't see it being outdated during that period of time. I know they inflate the price to buy a phone without a plan, but it stuns me this is $649.00 without a plan and I only paid 1 cent with the 2 year AT&T; plan for $69.00 per month. More than the $35.00 I was paying with Virgin, but I think it is worth it.Music sounds great, screen is gorgeous, calls sound excellent, camera takes beautiful shots, and it is fast!!Years ago,(1998), I had an online website devoted to the development of new portables devices. It sounds nerdy, but at one time I had to carry a phone, pager, and a handheld computer for my job as an installer and trainer in commercial businesses. I knew some day we would not only have all these things and more in one device, but it would look and act like a technical work of art. The HTC One as well as other top level phones have finally hit all those marks. I look forward to getting the One set up the way I want it. I would recommend it to anyone considering getting one.

My daughter has never owned a phone before so her father got her the HTC One. She absolutely loves! Its fast and simple, smooth, all the kids compliment it! It was worth the money, now she is in 8th grade and she cant survive with out it! Clear pictures, its simple, has extra stuff in it that other phones dont! Its amazing! She loves it and the HTC One is for her.

This phone is really great and I'd recommend it to anyone whose looking for an upgrade that will suffice all needs

Love this phone. Best phone I've ever touched. Kills the iPhone hands down.  Doesn't get any better than this.  Smooth and fast.  Very quick and beautiful screen.

My only knock is that integration into an all Microsoft ecosystem (MS Exchange, etc...) is inferior on Android to Windows Phone.But otherwise, love the quality and performance of the phone itself.

guys the build quality on this phone is just unbelievable! The unibody aluminum design makes this phone feel like a true technological acheivement of our time. The specs on this thing back those claims up. All in all i would seriously recommend this phone to the serious gamer or the average adult!

I have had the HTC One for three months and absolutely love it.  I owned HTC phones years ago and was always happy with the performance.  I switched to iPhones for 4 years then just bought this HTC One.  The interaction is just as fluid as the iPhone but lets you do so much more with the phone.  The phone is solid as anyone could hope for.  I have accidentally dropped this phone on concrete from waist level three times landing glass down without a scratch!  The phone still operates flawlessly.  I would absolutely recommend this phone to anyone looking for a quality, flawless performing, android phone.

The phone is great and I can't say enough good things about it. The battery life is good and the sense UI is great for keeping up on the news.The plans messed me up though. Instead of the 15 per phone charge I got hit with 40 a month. This far out weighs the initial purchase price. AT&T; had the phone for 100 but it was .01 on Amazon but I pay 25 more a month now for the next two years. Not worth going through Amazon for the purchase at all.

I'm very happy with this purchase. My old Captivate was nothing compared to the HTC One. The sound on this phone is light years ahead of others I have tried. I recommend this to anyone may have poor hearing.

Touch screen stop working after a week this is the 3rd and final htc product I will buy stay away from they seem to be rushing all kinds of phones out instead on focusing on just a few ...
