
Good phone, good price, good size for me, And it works very well. I recommend it

excelent phone, faster cheap with android i like it, if i can. i will buy another one, huawei rocks :)

This was NOT a new phone! It is some weird Only-for-China dual-sim version, with NO front camera, NO flash... The box was open, there was an empty plastic bag inside the box (??) No headphones in it (guess the previous user forgot to put them in the empty plastic bag!)... the possibilities of sending it back to China and getting a refund, since I am from Venezuela are almost remote... So I will just pray for it to work and not to "die" suddenly... Well, you get what you pay for!

Ok so I had high hopes on this phone, but it dissapointed me why?1- my calls somehow drops alot and no it's not my network provider, the person that I'm talking to on the other end all of a sudden does not hear me but I could hear them, I would have to hang up the phone and call back the person or the person would have to call me back.2-the ring tone is not loud enough, I had cheaper phones with way louder ring tone.3- the vibrate option on this phone is very weak, sometimes the phone is in my pocket and when its on silent and it vibrates when someone is calling or I'm receiving some sort of notification I dont even feel it.4-the camera is ok not great.These are my issues with this phone, I think I would have to buy another phone soon

Everythig you need to chat, internet, whatsapp, e-mail, etc. Good sound, good screen, and fast enough to make all the basic functions

Great phone it was a gift for my little brother and my father and they love it thank you very much

the phone is nice I work well with all applications, but when I called after 1 minute the person does not listen to me and I listen well then I wonder if it is a software or hardware failure and where I can take him for review in Venezuela

This smartphone deserve 5 stars because its beautiful, and the hardware its very poweful. Android runs very good in this smartphone

Box is really old and dirty. Tags are ripped with newer ones sticked on the top- because it is still sticky u can see a some body hair on the box- red bloned body hair!!! Even the charger adaptor is AUSTRAILIAN PLUG!! R U KIDDING ME THIS IS U.S! And I was astonished. So I returned it. Hope none of u get this returned one since I am pretty sure they are selling it again. worst shopping experience on amazon.

The quality is in consonance with the price. It has standards features. The only aspect that I did not like was the type of material used at the back part of the cellphone. It seems to be pretty fragile.

Big surprise! The advertising should be big enough and say NO SPANISH! I bought two of these for relatives who know anything of English and it turns out that this phone only has french and English for language input, COME ON! SE&Ntilde;ORES de Venezuela o cualquier habla hispana NO COMPRAR este tel&eacute;fono porque no tiene espa&ntilde;ol solo ingl&eacute;s y franc&eacute;s, M&aacute;s nada! Claro que le pueden meter espa&ntilde;ol pero si no quieres pagar les cuento que es un proceso! Si no sabes nada de computadoras, ser&aacute; imposible!

I received the cell phone in good conditions and it is what I wanted. Its functions are great.Thanks a lot.-

Everything it's allright.Recommend it! Delivery so fast, I like the dispositive, Works fine in Venezuela for Movilnet/Movistar and My nephew are enjoying itThanks!

Excellent thanks.

I bougth this cellphone to be used in Venezuela. It arrived in good conditions and work pretty good with Movistar, I just change my sim card from my old cell phone and there we go... It uses the standard sim card and about the apps tha you can use with this cellphone are whatsapp, Tango, Facebook, twiter and others android apps. The camera is not to bad and the internet works good in 3G and wifi. I recomend it if don't want to spend a lot of money in a smartcellphone that works well. I'm very satisfied with this product. Actually I bougth a second one for a present.

It's a great smart phone for the price.  Easy to set up and use.  The screen is very clear, and it has a great speaker.

I like the phone, but since it is my first smart phone it hasbeen a new experience for me. I find that everything workson it well, although I think the ringer volume could be alittle bit louder. It seems to me that the volume level onthe phone is a little low, but still functional. I installed Tangoon the phone and I talk with my Fiance in Thailand fromthe US and it works very well, but sometimes Tango makesthe phone crash and restart when I try to answer her call.This may be more of a Tango problem than the phone itself, but thought I would mention this issue. Could be anupgrade in the OS would solve this problem. Tried to useSkype on the phone too, and it did not work very well Icould not see the video even though I was connected tosomeone I talk to all the time on my PC. If you want a simplesmart phone for a cheap price that runs smooth it is a good buy even withthe small issues I had with it. I bought an unlocked versionso I could use it with over seas phone services as well aschange my own service at home and keep my phone.It supports many languages including Thai.

Fast phone with laggy, slow camera.  The internal space is very limited, and it takes a custom ROM to make appropriate use of the external storage properly.  On the bright side, there are excellent ROMs available, and it's easy to do.With better phones at similar prices, I would avoid purchasing this one again - especially because of the poor camera performance.

the phone is very good, fast and has a very nice design. is very comfortable to handle and the camera is good 100% recommended

Its an incredible cellphone. It is all that I wish it. I could recommed to my friends and family. I like it

good day, the day yesterday had a product in stock and then proceeded to buy today I sent message q there is not, but I realize if you have q but with new price

sweet phone thank you

I purchased this phone for my daughter. I hesitated because everyone else had the &#34;latest and greatest I-Thingy&#34; but she really needed a phone that had more modern capabilities and the price was very reasonable. She opened her gift yesterday and has been using it non-stop! It has catapulted her into modern times. LOL. She loves it. PS She's 20 and wanted to enjoy the features of Snapchat and other applications with her friends. Great value, I highly recommend it.

I received the phone quickly even though I went through some issues to get it. it works perfectly and I love that phone with multiple function, you can turn it into a remote control, camera  looks great. everything sounds great on that phone. i'll buy another one.

I bough two phones. They arrived on schedule.  This phone huawei Y300-0151 works very well with Movistar in Venezuela. It had a good performance: fast start, good life battery and spanish is included as language option.Technical specifications as I read in its description.Cons.  It might include a better manual.

its a very good phone, i like it so much, the only thing weird is that it says Y300-0100 and the publication says 0251.. but the rest is very good

Excellent phone, I am from Venezuela, it work great for movilnet and movistar, it is fast y easy usability and meets all specifications. Good phone, recommended

recomendado 100%

Being a low budget phone, offers good specifications, is quite fast, the UI friendly, is light and the appearance is acceptable

It is a great phone I am from Venezuela and I use line and works great Movilnet is incrediblerecommend

I have one already. One for US and one for Canada. I like all the features and the display. Good size screen

Received phone, charged up the battery and took lessons from my Grandson on how to work it but it didn't come with any instructions which I found weird.  Also, csme from Japan and some of the wording is in Japanese, can't read.

Nice phone fro this price.Good functionality.Only one thing I dislike is earphones (no answer button).One more thing is the model is Y300-0151, not Y300-0251 as advertised. But for me it is no problem.

I chose this cellphone because it gives me more than expected for the Price I paid. I recommend the product and seller for other customers.H&eacute;ctor Alcantara

I first bought this Huawei phone back in 1/4/14, it was such a great phone so I decided to buy two more phones for my parents.  The phones arrived in two days (1/15/14), but the box and the phones themselves look a bit different from the phone that I ordered less than two weeks ago.  Instead of from Huawei, the logo is 'telecom' on both the box and the phone.  These two phones look very similar to the original Huawei as well.  I am pretty sure these are counterfeit ones, they are fake.  So be careful and before you add this item to the shopping cart, choose the seller 'Wireless Experts, Inc.' instead.  I ordered my first Huawei phone from them with no problem, they sent me the original phone as described.

I bought this phone  for my sister and she totally loved it, this is her first huawei and she's in love, in fact, i would like to buy one for me, i just loved too.

Good travel phone. Uses a mini-sim. Works well with a China sim. I like the memory expansion. I gave this one to my daughter after I got overseas as her old iPhone was starting to be unreliable. I will get another.

I am very pleased with this purchase.  This is my first smartphone, although I've briefly used other peoples higher end phones (IPhone, Samsung Galaxy S3).I am not a heavy user, so it is a perfect fit, but so far am very pleased with what I can do.  I mainly use the GMail app, feedly RSS reader, Chrome browser, Sipdroid, and of course the phone and messaging as well.  Occasionally use the camera, and while not super high quality photos, decent for a point and click.I haven't tried any games and probably won't, but for all of these activities the phone is responsive, and works well.  Sometimes if too many apps are open at once, it does get a little "laggy" because of the low memory, but simply holding down the home key will show you the apps running and memory used and I can close ones I don't need.All in all, I'm very pleased.  I believe it delivers well for the price.Update: Something I didn't really take note of before, but, for what it's worth, I have gotten several positive comments about people enjoying the built-in ringtones and other system sounds when they hear my phone.

Very good!, Incredible relation price-qualiy, is a cell with excellent performance for his price. Comes with accesories as: charger and headhpone. the  rear cam  and  front es average and acceptable

Great phone at a reasonable price.  I'm not willing to pay huge prices for a phone anymore and this phone proves that It's not necessary as it has all the features that the more expensive brands, at least the ones I need or like.  It's nice esthetically, feels good in the hand and has a good battery life.  What more could I ask for.  I would recommend this phone to anyone, wether for work or play.

Is a good phone considering the price. It feels a little chintzy to the touch but it works fine, Probably wouldn't stand up to any water damage or shock.

I have nothing if you have a negative review all 100% positive, zero color delivery time technical details of both software and hardware all complete accessories right bands to use. advise them when they go to make a purchase outside the United States first talk via email with the seller for not having doubts or negative consequences

I don't know why everybody is so happy with this phone. It is extremely slow, apps crash all the time. The dynamic cannot play loud music and starts making crazy sounds. Even while listening to the music through the headphones if i turn off the screen the music player just shuts for a moment. The reception is very weak and the phone freezes all the time. Feels like not a $100 phone but like a 5 dollar phone. I gave it lots of tries to make it better, deleted apps, put the others on an SD card to free some memory but still... so upset.

This model is a very nice piece and loaded with latest Android ( 4.1 ).  It looks well built, and comes with some good features for its category. Good phone, features and price.  Works fine with Movistar, Venezuela ( model Y300-0151 )

Is an Excellente phone! It arrived in good conditions! I use with Movilnet in Venezuela. And it works very well. I recommend it!

fine

Yes this phone is a cheap and a nice option for those who dont need the latest baby of samsung, this phone works great with the basic apps like WhatsApp, BBM, Twitter, Facebook and the other social media apps. You can install games and they will work perfectly with the 2 cores that come inside, try to no install games that are over 100mbs without a microSD to use as external disk.About the RAM: some apps will eat all the ram and sometimes you will see the phone going a little &#34;slow&#34; this happen in most phones at this price because too many apps running at the same time will eat all the memory, anyways who need 20 apps open at the same time?About the 3G/DATA: you need to be very careful with automatic sync with google it wiill eat your monthly plan very fast, I recommend to turn it off and do it manually, go to settings &#62; accounts (bbm, google, twitter, etc..) &#62; select GOOGLE &#62; click your account &#62; and start unselecting all of them.Phone is perfect for daily uses of social media, taking photos and videos, i recommend a good microSD card.bye.

This phone works perfectly (voice, MMS, and data, wifi). I'm delighted with its design and performance. It is just the right size too; so many of the contenders I looked at were too big to fit in my shirt pocket. I was satisfied when I discovered the packaging instructions were all in Spanish and so was the opening screen on the cell phone. Also, the Huawei web site provides some nice extra services, like free cloud storage! After a month of using it, I'm still very happy with my purchase. pi's a very sophisticated, very little bad internal memory and all that is white on the back cover, should be completely white, I liked more in black. It works perfectly with movilnet and Movistar in Venezuela, but not with digitel.

cheap...on/off button went bad within 3 months

GOOD phone BUTIt came without Front Camara en Led Flash however it looks in the pic that have them. And worst didn't get any bucks back.

GOOD RETURN THE COMPUTER AND I NEED YOU BUY HUAWEI COM Y300-0251 WHITE WITH ME CAME 3G HUAWEI Y300-O151 NO SAILING IN INTERNET ONLY SERVES TO SEND MESSAGES AND CALL THE PRODUCT WAS NOT ASKED WHAT I NEED AN ANSWER PLEASEBUENAS NECESITO DEVOLVER EL EQUIPO YA QUE LO COMPRE COM HUAWEI Y300-0251 BLANCO CON 3G ME LLEGO HUAWEI Y300-O151 NO NAVEGA EN INTERNET SOLO SIRVE PARA LLAMAR Y MANDAR MENSAJES EL PRODUCTO NO FUE LO QUE PEDI POR FAVOR NECESITO UNA RESPUESTA

I love it, excellent delivery time , it works well, I live in jamaica and as soon as I got it I put my sim card in  and It was good to go!

Device came inside an opened box! and it is a Telstra prepaid phone, it comes with Telstra's SIM card and it doesn't work with any other carrier! this device appears listed under unlocked cellphones in amazon's website, what a scam! you can see the picture under customer images

Excellent item \.

this cell phone is wonderful ... very fast and dynamic, I want to uninstall some Apps that are included and prevents me, the rest seems very good.

very good product, I recommendvery good product, would recommend, fast shipping, sure, I'm very happy with the quality of the goods, I recommend 100%

cell to have it in my hands, I see that has striped screen and the battery does not serveI do not recommend

Great purchase i recommend this phone if you look for a smartphone with a non comercial name like samsung because this could be compare with a samsung and if you are a regular user this is for you. I bought from Venezuela works great in all operators.

Really for the price you are paying you bring a phone that greatly exceeded expectations, despite having a low resolution of 480x800 the quality of the image on screen is very good and this motivated the technology is IPS LCD, do not know how Huawei did but with their meager 512 MB &#8203;&#8203;of RAM and dual processor 1Ghz poor nucle achieved a more than acceptable performance for this device, not to mention running this version 4.1 Jelly Bean. The only thing I can speak negatively is the quality of the camera, we go, we have secondary and main features flash!, So for $ 125 what more can you ask for?

To start with, I ordered from Wireless Experts based on another viewer's experience.  I received a factory sealed box that was labeled a Y300-0151 that had an after market sticker placed on top of that label indicating it was a Y300-0251; however, the internal menu says it is a Y300-0151.The phone is fast enough and seems quite capable with the built-in apps.  I installed the sim card and a 16gb SD card and after charging a few minutes it came up running.  I transferred my wife's contacts from her previous 'dumb' phone from the SD card (after transferring the vcf file by computer to the SD card.  After calling Consumer Cellular, the phone was receiving and sending calls and messages in a few minutes.This is a revision to my previous review...To get the phone to send and receive text messages with photos it is necessary to turn off Wi-Fi and Enable Data under Settings; also your provider's APN configuration must be entered (you will have to call technical help) before you can send and receive photos.Once this was done everything worked and my wife was happy!

This phone is perfect, everyone loves it. It basically has the same specs as the top brand phones on the market and the price is unbelievable, I recommend this phone to persons who are on a budget but want a quality phone with top specifications. Completely satisfied with my purchase, thanks Amazon.

I bought it for my wife, and in truth she loves very good device for me is one of the best low range phones, highly recommended.

This is a good celular phone, I recommend to buy, your functions are very simple, the design is perfect to all uses

Works excellent. A great game for share witch friends.. I could spend my hole day playing this game... Buy it.I like because it wast a gift.

Bueno

Second phone. Bought the first for my wife when I had to return another phone that didn't work.  Liked hers' so much, ordered one for myself. The only problem I've found was lack of (or minuscule) instructions, both with the phone; and on line.

This phone worked with Orange in the Dominican Rep.  No problems connecting the phone and using the internet.  With Orange due to the active bands on this phone, you will only get 2G. I believe with Claro 3G might be possible, but the phone works well in D.R. Just in case anyone is wondering.  Your best bet is to check what frequency bands work with the company you wish to use your phone with and that will tell you wether you will have 2G or 3G.  The wifi on the phone Also works great! Good purchase!

It is an excellent phone, camera and good sensitivity, very fast display and an excellent price.  I tried it with the operators of Venezuela and works perfectly

This phone works perfectly (for voice, MMS, and data) on the domestic AT&T (via Net10) network.  I'm delighted with its design and performance.  It is just the right size too; so many of the contenders I looked at were too big to fit in my shirt pocket.  I was a little worried when I discovered the packaging instructions were all in Spanish and so was the opening screen on the cell phone, but it was easy to switch to English. Moreover the Huawei web site has a Y300 manual in English (and many other languages) available for download.  Also, the Huawei web site provides some nice extra services, like free cloud storage!  After a month of using it, I'm still very happy with my purchase.

This is my first smartphone and i have used it for 4 months. I'm from Venezuela, and it works great with Movilnet. Mine is black and white, has led flash, comes with many languages, and i have compared it with my sister in law's mini samsung s3, and this one is BETTER!. I'm so happy with my purchase, because after an extensive research, i ended up buying a good product, and from a non traditional trademark. Huawei in Venezuela rocks!

I bought this phone one week ago. It worked great with my T-mobile carrier. I just inserted my T-mobile sim card and a 32 g micro-sd card and set it as default memory,  everything worked great. I love this unlocked smartphone. I am buying another one for my wife.

This phone is very nice!  Bought for my daughter and she says she loves it except for not the best service sometimes!

good very phone and beatiful. I am satisfy or my cell phone thanks excellent recommended all people positove calification. it's version

This is a great entry model for some one looking to start with a first smart phone. Only complaint it came with alot of italian apps that i had to stop proceses. Cannot not uninstall italian apps, they are built in the phone. if you can have it rooted and uninstall all the unwanted stuff.

On the third day.. the product was damaged.How I can request a refund of the money for the product?A product of very poor quality, god!, &iquest;on the third day?, that's no good.The worst thing is that I'm from Venezuela, ship the product to the U.S. for a replacement of the same is almost impossible.

I Love the fact that this phone it works well here in Jamaica on Digicel's 3G Network.... down side is the RAM is only 512 MB and there is  no menu everything is on the home screen so I have about 8 pages there.... its ok for the price....

fast phone very few lag the only thing is that a lot of the RAM is used about 70% is used and with fast boot it boots up in less than ten seconds. the camera is great and the flash is responsive the battery is great so far and the phone feels expensive. The build quality is great it feels like its worth $300 pretty thin.The screen is very bright apps can be moved to SD card if the main storage in settings is set to sd the (UI) user interface is great lots or personalization settings. the speaker is loud and has good bass for a phone speaker. most games on Google play store works on the phone. games are smooth no lag camera has a little lag but its easy to get used to.I honestly think this is one of the best budget phone.

I live in trinidad and purchased this phone 1) didnt get the correct model got the 0100. correcting the situation is amazon since they are doing the fulfilment, but because i live outside of the states i would have to pay a courier service a second time to correct the error. 2) The plug is not compatible with the wall sockets in my country. The phone works well.for the price with a few querks, but again the price right now the im txting from the phone and sorts of crap is going on. Hmmmmmmmm

EXCELENTE EQUIPO

This is a great reasonably priced unlocked GSM phone. I've used it with a US prepaid SIM on T-Mobile and it works perfectly. For the price, it is an excellent value for an Android Jellybean phone. If you don't like the Huawei UI widget on the home screen, you can always delete it, and replace it with your favorite widgets. Skype video calls work pretty well on this hardware.

I recommend this phone for its design and presence. In addition to performing the basic tasks of an android phone. Excellent choice.

Is Shit!!

I like my Huawei Ascend Y300, its performance is very good and has nothing to give to other branded smartphones. it's quick, smart, friendly in their duties. For a series of economic smartphones, I think they are as good as smartphones very renowned brands.

I think is cumplio in the time stipulated and deserve five stars, in a time next I will follow counting on you

Cheap, Functional and nice, easy to handle and works in my country perfectly. Beside Huawei it's a good cell, I recommend it

If you look for a handy travel or second phone that still can boast all the important apps and more, look no further. I bought this phone a few days back but am surprised at how responsive and good quality the screen and phone are. This is no cheap Chinese junk, this is good stuff for a very modest price. It is a lot more responsive than the previous sony xperia I had at about half the price.Good interface, fairly standard android.I bet it is also a great buy for kids. Won't be a fortune if they break it and it has all they need.It is not very slim and sleek, but I do not mind that. The text input is pretty ok, except for a few minor troubles (such as inserting or deleting letters in a previous word or so is difficult) but hey, what am I complaining about?

Excelente.

Overall a good starter smart phone. Working fine in Europe. Instead of traveling with my new Samsung Galaxy S4, I took the Y300. It was light, small, easy to use. Battery life was better than expected. The 5MP was OK, not the best. Consider the price vs value, it's one of the best on the market. It's a 0151, single SIM phone, not the 0251 dual SIM one.

ever since the phone arrived i have not use it for a day. if people talk i hear but i talk they can't hear so is just like not even having a phone. it is lying down in my room. i wasted my money.

A very good and affordable alternative to the Higher end androids. Not a very techy person so cannot go in details about comparative specs.

I love, love, love this phone! I have had it almost 2 wks and really happy with it!!!! We use Walmarts Family Mobile plan and the phone works great! I have wifi at our home, it connected fast and easy! I am pleased with the speed of the phone, its touch sensitivity , battery life and the clarity of the screen. The best unlocked phone purchase I've made!!! I will probably be buying 2 more for my family!!! To who ever is interested...there are a lot of cases to choose from for this phone model also. Some on Amazon, but more options on Ebay :)

This is my first smartphone....the model I got was easy to set up once I used the quickstart guide. Internet is pretty fast. my phone is unlocked & it was able to operate flawlessly when I inserted two different SIMS (one at a time). I noticed that sometimes there can be a lag on the phone because of the apps running but when the cache is cleared it usually solves the problem. Google play was preloaded onto the phone so that I could download the apps like FB, netflix that everyone needs. It has a front facing camera (priceless) & takes decent pictures. The flash can be turned on & off when needed. The touchscreen is very responsive & battery life is ok. I can't go into a lot of technical details like the gurus but this phone does the job if you are looking for a phone that has great features but is budget friendly. After 2 months I can safely say that I am glad I bought this phone

Nice phone.. juat as expected...

A good low budget android phone, I used it in India and it worked without a problem. The camera is fairly average, it could have been better. Apart from that, a good entry level smartphone and works well internationally.

First I would like to specify that it is not a Y 300-0251 but Y300-0151 that has been sent to me. Sometimes the different addresses are all mixed up the phone numbers, the email addresses, the keyboard takes time to respond. I still don't know where pictures are stored those taken from my SD card and the one I take from the camera.  Apart from these things I am quiet satisfied of the phone  given the moderate price.

This phone is amazing. Easily comparable to much more expensive models. And I've had lots of compliments on how attractive looks.

The cellphone is great for this price.  Easy to set up.  Charging is quite speedy.  Picture quality is not as good as a real camera for sure.

I wanted an Android phone that matched my needs and wasn`t so expensive, this phone was an excellent choice, its easy to use,  it has an elegant look, the battery lasts long, it's just what I thouhg it would be and what I needed, just some details kept me from giving it an excellent rating (Color is not the same as in advertising picture, and an issue with the charger that was solved by seller).I would surely recomend it to all friends.

The phone you gave me is the model Y300-0100 and doesn't work with 3G Movistar Venezuela but works well everything else... im disappointed.

The phone was a gift to my nephew in Venezuela.  He loved it! He said, it is very easy to operate & could not be any happier.Thanks.

Great product. Came in a factory box and it was a good price. Very good phone. I played a sleek Youtube  video on a Samsung S4 and a Huawei side by side. I really couldn't see the difference :) between the 2 phones. Thank you

De cuidado

The phone is excellent! Arrived in perfect condition and meets the requirements for what I want.Is Dual Sim (both active lines), with multitasking and excellent screen resolution.It's a great investment for those who can not afford a high-end cell.

It is great for the price

First impression is pretty good. The touch screen response is great.  It has available (internal storage)  1,95 GB total, 897 MB for apps. An SD card can be used. This is for my parents so they won't be using a lot of apps just the basics. After installing twitter and facebook internal storage available 1,90 GB, 845 MB for apps. Pre-installed apps can't be erased. It has a front camera.La respuesta de la pantalla t&aacute;ctil es realmente buena. Tiene disponible para almacenamiento interno 1,95GB total, 897 MB para aplicaciones. Se puede utilizar una tarjeta SD. Despu&eacute;s de instalar "twitter" y "facebook" el almacenamiento interno qued&oacute; en 1.90 GB, 845 MB para aplicaciones. Las aplicaciones pre-instaladas no pueden ser borradas. Tiene c&aacute;mara delantera.

Muy buen celular

The Huawei Ascend Y300-0251 is an economical phone which offers very good service. I love the feel of the phone and the size...not too big or too small. Just the right size! Picture quality is good and the screen is sharp. I am still exploring the features but I am happy with my Huawei. I have recommended it to friends.

I had a little fear for buying a phone by this way but I took my risk and I got good product, the phone is good and It is just what I need. Good cam, enough memory for me and I can use it here in Venezuela with Movistar

Excelent

El vendedor me env&iacute;o el Huawei Ascend Y300-0100, no el modelo comprado el Y300-0151, no me funciona 3G con mi operadora Movistar en Venezuela, me enga&ntilde;aron con ese equipo.

Huawei Ascend Y300 recommended, good phone, meets specifications and applications. I use it with Movilnet in Venezuela. I love it ..

Good price, i reccomend this equipment for you, really it have functions simple and easy drive, ok, ok, ok, this phone.

In my opinion the only weak point of this phone is the camera.I you don't have special needs it' s a good smartphone.
