
I bought this phone with my verizon upgrade and really its as good as advertised, and as bad as some have said as well. I've had the phone for a couple weeks now and have loved every minute of it. I'm coming off the iOS craze that everyone else seems to be in and wanted to try a windows phone and I must say so far I have been very impressed, sure the apps store leaves alot to be desired but since my iPad covers all the apps I really want having a smartphone that isnt over run is amazing. I would recommend looking into some of the sites/forums out there devoted to Windows phones before you completely commit to see if some of the missing apps will hinder you or not, and to find some of the cooler features that  Iseem to be finding every day though over all I have to say its been a blast owning this phone and I really look forward to using it over the next few years, and if Microsoft keeps it up my next phone will definately be a WIndows phone as well

This really should be your next Smartphone!I have lived with Android and the defragmentation of the software releases with different versions on different phones.  I have experienced the high cost of the Apple products and have seen so many friends that encased their iphone with a big ugly case.  I have also experienced the "great at first...than behind the times" Blackberry Smartphones.  Now I am experiencing the Windows 8 Phone from Nokia and I can tell you I am not going back to any of the other options.  The excellent hardware quality of this phone and the additional Nokia Apps make this a super easy to use and that integrates with my desktop.  Other reasons to own this phone:- The offline GPS is fantastic as I never have to worry about having a data connection to get a route  (I found out that the Nokia mapping data base powers the majority of the car systems in the world and I can see why)- Nokia music is not something I would buy, but similar to mapping where you can download to your phone and then use without a data connection, this is fantastic to have a HIGH QUALITY sound mix on your phone that doesn't require a data connection to listen to.- Yup.....the camera can't be beat, especially with the Zenon flash and the Nokia Apps for the camera.- Battery charging is another goody that you have love.  First, it has a feature that charges the battery up to 40% faster.  Although most other new smartphones have this feature now, you really do notice it.  Second, you can find the Nokia wireless charging plates for $25 and once you use wireless charging you won't want to fiddle with the plug in cable again.  (I bought 2 plates and it is worth it)There are many other items I could list, but most reviewers have already listed them when reviewing Windows Phone 8.  This really is a great Smartphone!!!

I've always been an apple user but had the opportunity to try this phone by Nokia recently. The Lumia 928 is a smart looking Windows Phone. I do prefer the iphone, BUT everyone has their personal preferences. The phone seems great and worked great - but I still prefer my apple products.That said, I'm basing the review on the product itself and not my personal likes/dislikes.The Lumia 928 works on the Windows Phone 8 operating system. It worked smooth and fast and very responsive as well. You can customize just about everything with this phone, the look, size and color of things and the tiles as well. And all change with easy. I like how the live tiles update and all your info is right there on the screen to your preference. The display is the AMOLED display and makes the screan sharp and clear and works nice even in the sunlight. The screen is 4.5 inches which is a decent size.The camera works well in daylight or even low light. It also has a flash which is pretty decent as well. It can record in HD 1080p with noise canceling as well. Call quality is also good, calling and receiving and the speaker on the phone works clear and your able to hear the person as well. It can run on the 4G network and comes with 32 GB of internal storage- I wish it had more but for most users this is plenty of space. Or at least added in external storage or such.Battery life is decent and it has a pretty neat feature where it can charge wireless! The battery is not removable but lasts about 13 hours of talk time.Like many smartphones there are a ton of Apps available.. many say there are more on OS, and Android, but non the less there are many apps. There is no swype keyboard for those that prefer this.

I like the idea of a Windows phone, with its cross functionality with Microsoft Office for work functions, but......there were just too many apps that I rely on missing from the store, so I had to return it.  I owned this for all of about 15 minutes.

The Lumia 928 seems to epitomize the  saying of being close but no cigar.  There are a lot of good things in the phone that are more than praiseworthy.  Yet there are also just enough misses to make it tough to live on a platform with little traction.First, the UI is sweet!  There really isn't a better interface on the other platforms.  Microsoft should be given accolades for finding the right mix of form, functionality, and customization.  The lack of color options, however, is a detraction as the monochrome nature of the interface can cause eye strain.  Additionally, although Bluetooth is available, MS has restricted the use of some devices such as keyboards. Granted the virtual keyboard is fabulous, but sometimes one just wants a proper tactile keyboard. This is one of those moments where the phone gets close, but not quite.  Its got Bluetooth, but not the way it should.Similarly, the "gloved mode" of the touchscreen was a major selling point. Alas, by glove they mean something such as a batting glove.  Winter and decent leather gloves won't work.  NFC is available on the phone, but you cannot transfer files to Android devices which are far more prominent than other Windows phones.  The often mentioned Kids Corner works - but is not the separate login you might think.  Also advertised is that the phone comes with free music services.  Indeed, both Nokia Music and Pandora are free.  Pandora, however, is free only until the end of the year and the Nokia Music is no better than other services - unless you pay for the premium version.Another big selling point is the camera.  This was the biggest letdown. While good for a smartphone, the depth of the pictures taken paled in comparison to the iPhone and Galaxy.  The Lumia also added a bluish tint to the pictures.  Nothing horrendous but certainly something distracting. Admittedly, the low light pictures were better than on other smartphones but worse than on many point and shoot or slr cameras.  The Panorama mode also was somewhat frustrating as you have to match each shot with a little circle that appears.  If as you're moving the camera becomes uncertain where you are, then you have to start that shot again.  This can cause a panorama shot to take a few minutes to successfully shoot.  Admittedly, having the "lens" options is a very cool feature that other OSs should emulate.  Especially since there are relatively few useful lenses on the Windows ecosystem.As for the more standard functions, such as outgoing and incoming calls, the Lumia failed here.  For some reason the phone would have a tendency to make the call fade in and out or add static.  Someone suggested it has to do with the placement of the attena in the phone.  When the static or fading didn't happen the call was relatively clear with people on the other end remarking that I was as clear as if I were on a landline.  Its nice that WP8 offers caller announce.  Its unfortunate, however, that there is no notification center and there won't be one until at least sometime in 2014.Browsing the web was fast with the compression that IE10 offers.  Some sites, however, still don't render perfectly (whether you choose mobile or desktop version) and trying to close popups or jquery windows can become bothersome if not outright impossible.  This, however, might also have been related to the problem of the touchscreen sometimes being just slightly off and having to press above the desired point rather than directly on it.  It would, however, be prudent for IE to have a forward button.  The data sense provided by Verizon is something that should be emulate$ every carrier on every OS.Music playback through the headphones was exceptionally clear though lacking on the speaker.  Windows Phone, however, does have a problem playing aac or wav files.  The speech system offerred by Microsoft is pretty good at identifying what was said by the user, although not so good at actually doing what was asked.  In other words, when you record a note, it will be reasonably (not perfectly) accurate in what you say (and even keep a copy of your voice with the text).  If you give it a command, however, don't expect it to actually do what you ask.  Mostly that is because of the paltry number of command.  This will likely improve as more apps make use of the speech functions (currently many apps skip that functionality).The apps, of course, are perhaps the biggest thing hurting Windows Phones right now. True, Nokia's mapping applications are the best out there (shows speed, can eliminate tolls/highways/etc. from your trip), Skype is fully integrated, and there is even Microsoft Office.  There is, however, a very long list of missing apps.  Even the ones that are present are subpar or costlier when compared to their counterparts on IOS and Droid. Many don't integrate Live Tiles.  Even the ones that do, have a tendency to freeze, rendering the app to be little more than an icon on the alphabetized app list.  To have a chance at unfreezing it you either have to do a hard re-boot or uninstall/reinstall.  The Live Tiles and Voice integration could slay the apps on IOS - but only if companies are willing to develop them for the approximately 3% of global smartphone users with a Windows Phone.Ultimately, this is a phone with so much potential.  It feels great to hold and can do many things.  Its too bad that many of those things just come up a tad short.

I decided to get this phone after updating my iPhone 4s to iOS7.  I didn't like the iOS7 update at all, and I was already ready for a change of scenery. I needed a smartphone so my choices came down to an Android phone or a Windows Phone (since I had seen the trouble Blackberry had been having).  Many of my friends have Android phones and they always complain about random things going wrong with it or just a laggy experience in general.  Maybe there's an Android phone out there for me, but after talking to my friends, I decided to look elsewhere.When I started reading about Windows Phone, it seemed like many of the tech review sites were mostly negative.  They'd say a few nice things about a Windows Phone, but then they'd go on to talk about how it doesn't stack up to iPhone and Android phones.  In my experience using my new Lumia 928, I've gotta say I only find it lacking in battery life (which may be because I've been playing with it constantly since I've gotten it.  I have a feeling I'll make it from sun up to sun down once the shine wears off a bit.Pros:Windows Phone interface is clean.  The live tiles are a refreshing change of pace from the boring icons that I was used to on iOS.The camera is great on this phone.  If you get this phone, make sure and use the Nokia Pro Camera app.  I have been delighted with the quality of pictures I can get from this phone, and I was already pretty happy with the job the iPhone 4s did.  This wins hands down.Fast.  I don't know how they did it, but they made this system run very smoothly and with great speed.  Apps load quickly on this phone and the transition animations don't feel like they are covering up lag like other phones I've used.Nokia Apps.  Nokia did a really good job of creating apps that make this experience a great one.  Nokia Pro Camera, Nokia Creative Studio, NOKIA MUSIC (HELLO!), Nokia Here Maps, Nokia Here City Lens, etc are really great, high quality apps that make this phone stand out over even other Windows phones.Cons:Learning Curve.  If you've never had a smartphone before, I don't think the learning curve will be too bad.  A lot of the interface is very intuitive.  However, coming from iOS, I had to give myself a good 2 days of getting familiar with the phone before my head stopped spinning completely.  :)  It's just a different way of doing things, and I'm glad that I stuck with it.Battery life.  I'm really hoping my battery will get me through to bed time once I start using it normally like I used my iPhone.  I plan to get a wireless charger for my desk at work though just in case I get in a pinch.Apps.  If you like Pinterest, you're not going to find it on this phone just yet (Sept. 2013).  All of the apps I used on my iPhone are on my Lumia so I'm good on that.  However, if you always want the newest app on the day it comes out, you'll need to stick with iOS or Android in some cases.  Don't count the Windows Phone app selection out though.  YOu really should look for yourself.Wrap Up:I'm sincerely delighted to have this phone in my possession.  I never enjoyed the iPhone for the 14-15 months that I had it.  Don't get me wrong.  The phone did just about everything I wanted it to do.  I just didn't enjoy it.  Using this phone is a pleasure, and it's going to take something really special from another company to pull me away from Windows Phone.UPDATE:My issues with battery life are no more!  I get through the whole day with the phone now with normal use.  There's some juice left over at the end of the day, but I charge it every night so it'll be full for the following day.  I stream music and videos a lot on my phone, and I use it constantly at work for email and calls, so I'm really pleased to see that I get through the day with it.

I got a Lumia 928 back in September 2013, so this is written at about 7 months of use.I know that Nokia phones had a reputation of being indestructible, but I guess this is an exception. A few months ago I started running into annoying issues that are only getting worse every day.Pros:-Great camera that takes high quality pictures-Nice big screen-The phone displays a list of predicted words while texting, which is usefulCons:-Hardware and software issues. Camera only works sometimes - hard/soft reset do not solve it. The solution I found online is to apply pressure to the phone, which fixes it SOMETIMES.-The big feature of having a Xenon flash is eclipsed by the flash only working occasionally.-Lock button does not work sometimes-Phone gets caught in loops and behaves randomly when some apps are selected-Touchscreen is unresponsive a lot of the time-The backlights of the three face &#34;buttons&#34; are yellow and have dark spots that ruin the appearance. A common issue.-NO APPS. There are some useful apps you can find, but if you are looking for the latest trending apps and most popular apps (like flappy bird, instagram..) you're out of luck. You will have to deal with a buggy version that's on the market, because the official apps aren't available. Kind of makes you feel left out when Apple and Android have so many apps you are left out of.My phone probably has some of these hardware issues because I dropped it once or twice. I have a case and screen protector though, and everyone drops their phone once in a while. I have dropped my previous phone, an iPhone 4, many times to the point where the screen was shattered - but it still worked.

This phone finally was a nice cross between the HTC 8X and the Nokia 920 that should have happened earlier.  It is noticeably sleeker and not as heavy as the 920 to me.  It is a bit more sturdy feeling than the 8X with a bigger screen, but practically the same size.  The addition of a AMOLED screen makes this phone a winner in terms of display over the other phones and the Windows Phone is snappy and intuitive.  Has most of the major apps I would use that are also big on Samsung and iPhone, but would be even better eventually when other apps are there in time.  Only other point I wish is for more colors beyond the black and white.  The black is nice with the same matte finish as the 920, but a little red, blue or yellow choice would also be great.

Just got my second 928. This would be because the first 928 I received began glitching, where the phone acted as if it had headphones plugged into it when it did not, so that no sound could get to the speaker. This left me unable to make or receive phone calls which is, oddly enough, the entire reason why I own a phone. The first phone took 3 weeks to exhibit this problem. It's been two weeks, and so far the second phone has not exhibited the same behavior. SO FAR. It does however, use Nokia's Windows Phone App for desktop, which is the clunkiest and ugliest app I've ever had to use.TL;DR I still love the Windows OS, but Nokia's hardware and software leaves MUCH to be desired.

Love the phone this phone i used to have a droid that i liked but i actually think i use this phone way more!very cool featuresCurrent Verizon customers be AWARE!If are upgrading your Verizon phone be very careful!The Amazon site will tell you there is no need to change your plan but when you get the phone and activate it Verizon forces you to switch to one of the new Data plans. So if you have unlimited data you will no longer be able to have that option and yes the 2g option (lowest they have) of cores costs more than your old unlimited plan

Love the camera on this phone, love how quick and responsive it is compared to Android, love how tough it is, and I could go on.  There are only a very few, and very minor, issues with it.1)  No access to the battery - while it has only happened once, the phone shut off and I could not immediately turn it back on; being able to remove the battery for a forced reset would have been great2)  The number of apps available is nowhere near that of the other two platforms (iOS & Android)3)  On my Android phone I could create profiles that were triggered by location, time/date, and a whole host of other variables - nothing like that Windows phones yet4)  Microsoft's implementation of NFC technology is lagging behind everyone else due to the restrictions in place - again, on Android I could use NFC tags to create tags that could trigger multiple changes on the phone on a single tag without having to first go to a menu and verify the changeThese may seem like some fairly major disadvantages, but I purchased this phone for both the camera and the supreme ease with which it syncs up with all of my Window's based workplace software - it truly is seamless.

Switched from iphone 4 to a WP to avoid the hassle of transferring my files back and forth from laptop's windows.  Was considering android but all my research said they killed batteries fast and very buggy, so went with this one instead.  Awesome price point.  Very pleased with the new win 8's ease of use.  The phone is beautifully built, very well made, no complaints so far, a joy to use.

Lumia 928 is so good, love the Lumia style. I can hold it one hand, excellent. PureView camera is pretty cool.

This review isn't abash against Windows Phone 8. It was mostly ok except for Xbox Music. Regarding the 928, the size was just a tad too big, but livable. I didn't care for every button being on one side. I didn't care for the Micro USB port being on top either.The display was bright, the camera SUPERB. For the most part the phone was fluid in operation.BAD STUFF: I played a 30 minute game of Battleship this morning. I began right after I took it off the charger when the phone was at 100%. Battleship is not a graphics intensive game and I play it on my Motorola Bionic. 10 minutes in I noticed the back getting very warm. 20 minutes in it was bugging me. 30 minutes I stopped playing because the phone was uncomfortable to hold.When I stopped the game I went to the homescreen and immediately noticed my battery went from 100% to 47% in that 30 minute game session.I did some searching online and discovered others had this same issue. I called Nokia. Nokia told me this was normal behavior. Really? a 2000mah battery burns thru half its juice playing one game? Not to mention heating up as it did. This wasnt just warm. It was hot and uncomfortable to hold.I unfortunately had to return it. I would love to stay on a Windows Phone as I was looking forward to it, but Verizon has no other viable option in this size, with 32gB of memory, or an SD slot.Too bad.

Great phone when it works. Replaced 1st unit after 2 months. The speaker would go out randomly. 2nd unit being replaced now. Touchscreen freezes 90% of the time after 3 hard resets and unlimited soft resets.4 months of unhapiness

I have used an iPhone for years. I saw this phone and figured that it would play nice with my new Windows 8 Tablet; and boy was I right. This is a fan-tastic device! It is very intuitive and more user friendly than an iOS device. Granted there aren't as many applications for Windows 8, but they are coming. This phone is a definite buy!

I have very few cons to speak about this phone. Just a few features and apps that are missing and that's not even nokia's fault. Hopefully soon Microsoft will address the lack of notification center soon and update the store with more apps. Other than that, this phone is just superb. I love the look and durability. It works extremely fast and I've barely felt any lag with this software. It could be the perfect phone if not for the few disadvantages I talked about

Love the phone. Have had iPhone, BB, Droid and by far this is the best phone that I have had.  The OS is great, so linear and intelligent.  Windows integration is great (e.g MS Office, Office 365 / Exchange, SharePoint, Skydrive and SkydrivePro) .  The 928 has a beautiful screen, great voice/call quality, an outstanding music player, Xbox integration which is for more then just games; wireless charging, NFC, great Bluetooth (never an issue), best camera on any phone except for two other Lumia's.  No better network than Verizon. As far as Apps go, I have not had any issues at least for me. I am always curious to hear what apps are deal killers like one of the reviews here but they never list what apps are missing that are deal killers.Never experienced the freezing or other issues I have read here; but as with ANYTHING that is manufactured there is always a defect rate of some kind. I find the Nokia build quality to be excellent.As for the reviewer that panned HereDrive not sure what that is about, but that said I do prefer VZ Navigator.For me this is by far the best smart phone that I have used.

This is my first internet capable phone, and I really like it!!! I don't love it primarily because the battery is really terrible. Almost right away it retained no charge, but I guess that's where Fat Boy, the portable charger, comes in. Other than that, I'm happy. Cool, sleek design, useful apps and overall functional, not just a pretty face. Could be a little smaller; it's a little big for the pocket but fits.

My first Smartphone. I think I chose Windows Phone by default, because I couldn't get an Android because my nephew is a rabid Droid fan. I couldn't go with iPhone just because.When I first started using it I was very happy with it. I learned how to get more apps. and only download apps with good reviews. But the screen froze up on me about 3 times. That really scared me. Two times I took it to Verizon and they showed me how to hold the on button and the up and down button down at the same time to get it to power off. It has been good for a long while now.The updates have resolved some minor issues and filled out some capabilities. I am very happy with the hardware and the software. The app store has some very good apps.OK, we were at my mother in law's and my nephew was bragging on his Droid and saying how Windows phone doesn't have good apps. We were putting in a dishwasher. He and his dad both dutifully shined their flashlight apps under the sink to hook it up.Then I turned on my Level app to set the correct level of the dishwasher. Josh was like, Oh Cool. I out apped him.

I buy a ton of stuff from Amazon, and this is the first review I have been compelled to write here.  This phone is that good.I am coming from a Droid X2, which I wasn't really unhappy with except for the battery life.  I won't get into the battery life issue as I am not reviewing the Droid, but let's just say it was atrocious.  I was not unhappy with Android OS, but I didn't love it either, so when my contract was up I was willing to take a look around to see what else was out there for me.All of the phones I was considering (Galaxy S4, Galaxy Note II, Iphone 5, Droid Maxx) were $200 or more, so I was surprised to find this Nokia for $29.99 here at amazon (It can be had for $19.99 right now at wirefly.com, but I am a Prime member so the basically overnight shipping and support was worth the extra $10).  I read about the issues with app availability and synching to Google, then I went down to the local Verizon store and played with the phone.  I loved the interface and the look of the live tiles, but it still took me a couple of days to decide I was comfortable moving away from Android.  I am so glad I did.Pros:-price.  There just is not another deal like this out there.-Windows8 Phone OS.  It is so simple, visually attractive, fast, and stable.  My apps launch now, switching between apps or from apps to the home screen, the phone never hangs.  It just runs silky smooth everywhere, and everything is easy to find and work with.  Apps just work in WP8, and they work the same way every time.  I had a lot of on again/off again functionality with the Droid apps, they would work like they were supposed to most of the time, but sometimes they wouldn't.  The Droid OS did the same kind of stuff to me, sometimes it would sign on to the wireless at work or home automatically like it was supposed to, sometimes it wouldn't and I would need to do it manually.  I also love being able to uninstall any app, I hated the amount of pre-loaded crap that was on my Droid.  There is a ton more to love about WP8, like the way it consolidates all of your contact information from multiple sources into one contact (so facebook profile, LinkedIn profile gmail profile, etc... for the same person are all presented to you as a unified profile with all the data from the separate services, but the profiles all remain distinct in the background and can be edited individually), but I won't get into every bit of it, you should just try it yourself.-email client. This really belongs under the WP8 OS heading, but that was getting long and the email interface is so nice on this phone that it deserves it's own section.  It's the little things, but it really is the most pleasant email interface I have used.  Gmail works flawlessly here too.-Integration with other Microsoft services.  I love how smooth the MS Office apps work here, they are so useable it is just a pleasure to work with Excel, Word, Outlook, PP, etc...-MS SmartGlass integration.  I am a gamer and Xbox is my proffered platform for consoles (I have and like a PS3 as well but the 360 is what I use for multiplayer so I use it a lot more).  The SmartGlass app works so smoothly and is so cool, it is just a great feature.  I know it is available on Android/iOS as well, but it just functions flawlessly here on WP8.  Spartan Assault is also very cool, really good Halo game on a phone.-Nokia phone.  I have always loved Nokias and this is no exception.  Good solid build quality and well thought out overall.-Performance.  This phone blazes and switches between tasks so fast.  It is only a dual core, 1.5 GHz processor but it really works great.  From what I have read (and experienced), WP8 is not the processor hog that Android is.-Battery life.  I can go a whole day and part of the next without a recharge unless I am hammering it with games/video and tons of downloading.  This was my main complaint about my Droid and I am really pleased with the Nokia battery so far.  It also has built in wireless charging.  I didn't think I cared about this until I tried it, now I won't be going back to plugging in a phone to charge, ever.-Reception.  I get 4G reception with this phone in areas where my wife is only getting 3G, and I get signal in pretty remote areas where others are getting nothing.  I hike and ride my mountain bike pretty deep in the boonies, so this is really great.  I will add here that while the Nokia Here maps program doesn't have as much "places" detail as Google maps, it does give you the option to download the maps to the phone so you can view it offline.  Handy feature for those aforementioned trips to the boonies.  The maps themselves are good as well, and I like the directions feature better than Google maps.-Camera.  The camera is great, it is a champ in low light conditions and the xenon flash produces great looking (if not quite true to life) colors, I love it.  That's all I am going to say on he camera, but there are lost of detailed review of it out there.-Screen.  The screen is beautiful and the colors are so vibrant.  Pics and video look great as well, best phone screen I have owned.Cons:-App selection for app hounds.  I have found an app to replace most all that I used on Android, but there is not even close to the selection.  The big ones are here though for the most part and the app list is growing daily.-Google integration is not seamless as it is with Android.  I hesitate to put this under "Cons" because I have gotten Google to work pretty good here.  It is not automatic as it is with an Android device however.  The niggle is Google Calender, it doesn't integrate fabulously yet because Google hasn't supported WP8 with an app, but it does work via the email section with alerts etc..., you just have to use the Google mobile site to work with the calender itself.  Google maps must be used on the mobile site as well.-Can't expand internal storage. The 928 has 32GB of internal storage, so you have a lot on board, but you can't install any more.  This is mitigated by really easy and free access to MS SkyDrive.  You can set the phone up to automatically backup your pics, videos, docs, whatever to SkyDrive so you don't need to keep everything on the device.  I don't mind but other might, so I am including it on the "Cons" list.-Can't replace the battery manually.  I never carried an extra battery with me until I got my Droid, and I haven't carried one since I got rid of my Droid, so there's that.  I also have a roll up solar charging mat I carry in my backpack, so I don't need an extra battery when I go out in the boonies.  If my internal battery starts to significantly degrade before my 2 year contract is up, this will turn into a problem for me.These are the only negatives I can come up with yet, but I will edit my review if I come up with some more.  I was initially worried about committing to two years of WP8, but I couldn't be happier with my choice.  It's rare to get a truly superior option for a dirt cheap price, and that's what compelled me to write this review.

The battery on this phone will not stay charged longer than a day.  I initially charged it as instructed.  It runs down even when not in use.  Also, if you cut the bluetooth off you have to cut the phone off and back on to cut the bluetooth back on.  You have to go through this process every time you want to connect a bluetooth headset because it will not connect without doing it.Update: After writing this review I spoke with someone at Verizon and was sent another phone.  I will update accordingly.I have had the new phone for a few weeks now.  I wanted to wait a bit to see how it went.  The battery life is hugely better but is still not living up to the specs.  I can live with it though.  I no longer have to turn the phone off and on to turn the bluetooth off and on however, if I have my headset on I still have to hit the answer button on the phone to answer a call.  It will not allow the headset to answer.  To me, it negates the use of the headset if you have to answer the call through the phone every time.  Other than that they seem to work well together.  I have had this headset with other phones and have not had any problem answering a call with it.

Owned this phone for 7 months. Windows phone is just a &#34;dumbed down&#34; version of a smart phone. When I first got it, it would lock-up and you could not turn it off because it was unresponsive. Very poor choices for settings-if there is some behavior you don't like, forget about being able to change it. Very annoying if you place it in your pocket when its on because VR activates and goes on and off with little nagging noises. Vibrator alert  is hardly discernible. Battery life EXTREMELY POOR, Plan on 6 hours tops. It got so bad that I had to order extra chargers to keep at work and in the shop to keep it charged up. Gives new meaning to the Brand &#34;Hot Pocket&#34;. Hot when charging, hot in use, hot when idling.  You need to get some kind of protection for it too. The Gorilla Glass goes right to the edge with a very thin plastic bezel around it. One corner drop and your glass is toast. Repair cost $199. The glass alone can not be replaced. They have to replace the Glass, digitizer and LCD because they are all bonded together. Virtual keyboard is very difficult to type on, esp in the vertical mode. You can't change the keyboard type.  Verizon has an application with it called Backup Assistant Plus... It winds up creating TWO contact databases instead of one. So when you go into contacts it asks which one you want to use... Very frustrating.Microsoft can make laptop and desktop computer OS's but they have a long way to go with the Windows Phone.Don't be part of their Experiment unless that kind of thing appeals to you!

I find this phone heavy and very awkward to hold due to the square corners and buttons relatively low on the right side. Unfortunately this resulted in my dropping the phone several times, which eventually shattered the entire screen.  However, long before the phone was ever dropped, it had some issues:1) Poor call signal with any case on the phone.- I was instructed to remove the case (tried 3 different ones) because every time I put one on, the signal and call quality dropped significantly2) Microsoft tech support finally confirmed this one: the Windows OS automatically modulates the master volume- so every time it goes to sleep or is turned fully off, the volume resets itself to 13/30 (was 19 then went down after an update)- volume adjusts itself down if it thinks you're listening to something that is too loud (i.e. to protect your hearing)- unfortunately the volume on the entire phone goes down, so you have nearly inaudible phone calls, alarms, ringers etc.3) In addition to the automatic volume modulation (which is irritating even for someone like me with good hearing), my Nokia Lumia 928 would decrease the volume (audibly), but the volume setting still said 30/30 (this is not a Windows &#34;feature,&#34; and is a problem)- no matter how many times you turned the volume down then back up again, it still stayed at a low volume (even though it said 30/30)- the only solution to this was to turn the phone completely off and back on again, at which time it would display the true volume (13/30) and could be turned back up- except that the volume went right back down the minute it went to sleep or was turned off.4) After 2 months of use, calls could no longer be heard reliably through the handset (i.e. had to use speakerphone or Bluetooth at all times).- I would call someone/receive a call and hear nothing until I turned on the speakerphone5) After 3 months of use, the phone randomly would not place or receive phone calls despite good signal, and would randomly fail to send/receive texts.- this problem never happened when hooked to Bluetooth for some reason.6) Phone repeatedly disconnected from certain wifi without picking it back up, even though the secure username and password had been entered- had to manually hook to some wifi every single time7) The screen orientation randomly got stuck on vertical- so at times, I could not take or rotate pictures/videos/internet anything to the horizontal positionAll that said, the call quality is good if you can make or receive calls. The screen looks great, and this phone takes beautiful pictures with an outstanding flash for a phone. A major plus compared to many phones is that the Nokia Lumia still has an actual button for taking pictures/videos. Unfortunately this button is right where you need to grip the phone for doing anything other than taking pictures. Although heavy and fairly thick, it&#8217;s narrower than many phones. The wireless charging is a nice bonus, although I would rather give up this feature if the phone could be lighter. Overall, I suspect that the Windows OS is responsible for some of the glitches with this phone. So perhaps the Windows 8.1 update will fix some of the problems. Unfortunately, I dropped my phone before I could send it for warranty service, so I had to buy a new phone. I would probably not recommend this Nokia unless you mainly email and take pics/vids, but don&#8217;t talk on the phone or listen to music much. All together, I spent at least 20 cumulative hours on the phone or chatting with various tech supports (Verizon, Nokia, Microsoft) dealing with this phone's issues over the 8 months that I had it. I got a Samsung windows phone yesterday, and you guessed it, the volume still automatically goes down since it's the Windows OS.

I'll begin by saying that I am reviewing this phone but mine is running Windows Phone 8.1 (at the time of this writing that OS isn't available to Verizon Customers). Having said that, I must confess I am quite impressed with this wonderful little device. My previous phone was an Apple 4S, and although I have been an exclusive Apple Phone user for many years, I thought it was about time to give Windows Phone a try.I'm very glad I did. This phone has been a great upgrade from an Apple 4S, and does everything it did, plus more, and the camera is by far the best camera I've ever had on a Smart Phone. It's an actual Carl Zeiss Pure View camera built right into a smart phone, which impressed me to see.For the price, you simply cannot beat this Window's Phone. It's fast, the battery life is good, it seems very durable (mine has already been dropped a few times still functions properly) and it it's very easy to figure out and get accustomed to after using other phones.The only downfall I can find is the fact that the Windows Store is lagging behind Apple and Droid. It's getting better no doubt, and I've been able to find most of the apes I want, but as of right now, there is still improvement that needs to be made. It will happen no doubt. My only real advice is to upgrade your phone to Windows 8.1 as soon as you can (you can get the developer preview for free from the Microsoft website).For the money and the features I don't think there's a phone on the market that competes with this. Give it a try and you might not ever turn back to another Smart Phone.

I had this phone upon release, the day my contract was up was the day this phone was made available on verizon.  Lucky or so I thought.  Initially I was impressed, big screen, loved WP8 (mostly but the OS issues I will leave for an OS specific review site), audio initially sounded great.My first major issue was the camera button, way to easy to push accidentally.  I took more photos of my pocket and side of my car then I had ever with all previous phones, granted they were great pictures, when they didn't blur, but basically useless.  The other problem I had was the cell reception on the phone.  It would constantly jump around between 1-5 bars, literally all over the place.  Initially I thought it might be my location, but I had two other Verizon phones (HTC Trophy & Casino g'Zone Ravine 2) that didn't have that problem.  Anywhere I went, reception was all over the place.  The bars on my phone were more hyper than a Jack Russel Terrier.Other than that I didn't have any problems, for about 25+ days.  Then out of nowhere, the camera failed, camera app would not load, even the flashlight app wouldn't turn on (flash on phone attached to camera).  Around the same time, the ear speaker also failed.  Voices would constantly cut-out, to the point where I could ONLY talk to people on speaker-phone.  I tried every suggestion to fix, soft-reset, hard-reset, hard-reset without restoring anything (that hurt).  Had to send the phone into Verizon and get a refurb (they already had refurbs less than a month after this model had been released, scary).  I got the refurb, and after less than two weeks (Verizon had not even received by first unit back by mail yet!!) the same problem with the ear speaker happens (voices cut-out, must use speaker-phone).  So now I am sending this back and they are sending me an HTC 8x WP.  I really hope I don't have problems with that, and I will greatly miss the Nokia GPS app.

This phone was clearly made for Windows 8. The OS is as seamlessly integrated with this phone as APple's OS is with the iPhone. Windows 8--especially the mobile edition-- is a lot to digest for new users but the learning curve is not too steep if you are willing to invest the time. The call quality is clear, the picture quality is clear and the system seems fast and not buggy. Overall you can't go wrong if you are looking for a Windows 8 phone. 5/5 stars.

It took Nokia long enough to release a top-tier phone on Verizon, but they got it right.  The display is crisp/clear.  I love the wireless charging and the automatic upload of photos/video to SkyDrive.

Where do I start.The Speaker works sporadically. And after 6 months doesn't work at all.So I sent the phone into Nokia, and the monkeys in the service shop can't find a problem.Garbage, But it has a nice camera.1 star for the camera.Stay Away.

I am not a I phone fan.  I purchased the 928 because I believe it will serve my purpose.  I like to take pictures and with this camera it is easy.  I track e-mails also easy.  The phone is some what intuitive and I am still in the process of learning all the new and different things I can do.  I would recommend it over the I phone almost strictly for size and photos

My target price was free to $50.  This was the highest rated and reviewed phone and new as of 4th quarter 2012 in that price range available w/ Verizon.  I wanted something different than my old starter Thunderbolt HTC, didn't want to pay for a new iphone, didn't want to go with an older Samsung.  I liked the way the Windows phone looked, and I'm always into the underdog as a rule anyway.I had issues getting the sim card to sync, but that had a lot to do with Verizon not flipping the switch from old to new, and I forgot to pull the battery out of my old phone to make sure it was off so it's recognized properly.Phone is a beauty, it's like going from SD to HD with a TV, just looks gorgeous.  I was able to move my contacts easily with a transfer app, free.  I already dl Pandora and am playing music on this bad boy.  Thunderbolt had low sound, this is much better.  I love Windows 8 so far easy to pull up everything you need on that front page, THIS IS HUGE TO ME, easy breezy lemon peezy.I really think this phone is more cutting edge than iphones, samsungs, htc's  except for the brand spanking new ones, windows phones just are the unknown for most folks.  Give this one a shot.  I love it, huge upgrade for me.CNET:The good: Nokia's Lumia 928 introduces a slimmer body and straight, grippable sides. Low light camera performance is top-notch.The bad: Verizon's typically blazing speeds stumbled on the Lumia 928, and call quality sounded harsher than Nokia's usual standard. Those looking for Nokia's bright statement hues won't find them here. (I don't find faults with either of these issues the reviewer had, and either did any of the reviews I read)The bottom line: Windows Phone fans on Verizon should buy the $100 Nokia Lumia 928 (I paid $49.99 on Amazon family plan) for its strong feature set, but watch out for slower-than-usual data speeds.CNET Users:  4.5/5 based on 8 reviews***Update:  I'm not a normal user, because I get free use of the phone on my family plan so I'm limited in data usage.  So a few notes.  This is the prettiest phone I've ever had, slick as heck, beuatiful screens, great having all your apps on the front page with all the customization you want, nice easy to use camera.  However, this phone is super sensitive to water. I'm talking drops when I clean the screen with a cleaner, or a light overspray from the sink, the phone can flip out.  You can't take the battery out to reset it.  I couldn;t even figure out how to manually shut it off, cuz you normally shut it off slide screen and when that was frozen I panicked.  You hold power and volume down to pass the slide screen when stuck.  I thought my phone was dead over the weekend, touch screen didn't work, I couldn't turn it off because of that.I  t finally shut off from the battery dying and restarted good as new. So a very very light spray on a microfiber cloth is my next move to clean it.  Other issue is apps, like instagram isn't compatable yet, there aren't normal iphone and android apps available always, very anoying.  Otherwise it's a brilliant phone.  It depends what kind of user you are.

Disclaimer: this is my first smartphone. I have a Google Nexus 7, and Apple laptop and desktop. So why would I get the Lumia 928? 1) It's the best reviewed phone on Verizon. 2) I like what I have seen of Windows 8 touchscreens. 3) I am impressed with Nokia's direction. 4) I wanted a high quality camera. 5) It's free.PHONE - It's difficult to separate the phone from the operating system, but I will try. First, call quality is outstanding. I had my clearest conversation ever on this phone. The speaker phone works great. The pictures are superb with nice editing options from Nokia. Personally I like the size/shape. It feels great in the hand, and can stand upright. Te screen is just large enough for e-reading, and comfortable enough for the pocket. In fact, I am very impressed with the screen. It really jumps out.HOME SCREEN - Beautifully done. The Windows tiling system is the best option out there. I enjoyed customizing my Nexus, but just picking and choosing where you put apps is not the same. Sizing the apps (only 3 options), placing them, and coloring them is fun and makes for a more enjoyable experience. On the downside, the tiles are unequal in live updates. Some provide them, some do not. Some update better than others. Still, what I see in front of me looks great, and gives me critical information.GOOGLE/APPLE USERS - I was initially concerned. There is a Windows Phone App for Mac. I downloaded it as the Getting Started pamphlet suggested. I uploaded iphotos and isongs to the phone, no problem. Gmail is my primary email. The phone tells me when I have new messages on the lockscreen, and my homescreen email tile. The interface when opening gmail is black and white, and it doesn't separate the promotions, updates, etc. into tabs. Basically it does what I need, minus the ads. Also, it logs threads. The simplicity is actually refreshing. Google Calender is my calendar. Although not as slick as on Android, it gets the job done. I don't see how to view the calendar weekly, but all of my upcoming appointments are listed under "agenda" for as far down as I can scroll. Daily appointments are visible on a homescreen calendar tile.APPS - There are lots of free apps for ereading (kindle looks great), audiobooks, photos, flashlights, social media, news, music, games, etc. The Windows App market is growing rapidly. I have found their selection to be more than adequate in almost all cases. For particular niches, in my case chess (semi-serious player), the app market can be too weak. A great thing about the lower selection is that it's easier to find cool apps that get buried elsewhere. For instance, I found a white noise sleeping app that I would have never looked up. There are far more apps than expected, and Nokia's own apps are an added bonus.WINDOWS 8/LUMIA 928 - It's absurd that some have said Windows 8 is not ready for prime-time. It's far from perfect, but it's fun, slick and improving fast. I have composed audio emails and texts flawlessly. I was able to download super cool free ringtones from the App store. Pandora has no ads! The settings could have more options, but they do the essentials. Having a basic free Office program is nice. Explorer reads differently depending on the page, but it's usually very clear. The back button works better than Android. The keyboard is solid. All apps are one swipe away. Did I mention my homescreen looks great? No crashes or stalls.OVERALL - I am very happy with this phone. I was hesitant to finally make the $30 a month jump to the smartphone world. Now I can't believe I waited so long. My camera, ipod, tablet and GPS have been subsumed into one device that is ridiculously underpriced. Why get bogged down by particular platforms? These days it's super-easy to jump from Apple to Android to Windows and back again. Windows 8 is a solid 4 stars on the mobile platform, and the Nokia Lumia 928 is a definite 5. There is a reason why the Verizon attendant said no one is returning with problems with this phone, whereas they regularly do for Android. Nokia has been in the phone-making business for a long time and it really shows. Windows 8 is contemporary, and will only get better. They make a standout combination. Why get what everyone else has? You will stand out with this phone.UDPATE: Love Nokia Music, the free version that comes with the phone. Audio commands work quite well. Photo editing has been fun. Tiles that update themselves are a huge perk. The Windows App store is growing by leaps and bounds.

Voice & DataPros: The voice is loud and clear and data service gives a consistent 4G-LTE speed when available. Data Sense app is also included so you can manage your data limit so you can better judge your usage by app via both cellular and WiFi.Cons: I cannot say anything bad here either.BatteryPros: This Lithium Polymer (2000mAH) battery boasts 1282.8 minutes of usage time, which I have only seen better from the Droid Razr Maxx HD with its 1920 minutes of usage time. However, the 424.8 hours of standby time in the Lumia 928 beats the Droid Razr Maxx HD's 372 hours of standby time. Personally, most of my time is spent quickly looking at the phone and putting it back in my pocket. I do use my phone often, however, it spends more time in my pocket than in my hand.Cons: The battery is not removable.StoragePros: This relatively inexpensive Smartphone comes with 32GB of internal storage (about 8GB is used up with the OS formatting). This is a very good value especially when compared with other comparable phones.Cons: Again I will mention the no external storage, this really does bother me.Operating SystemPros: Windows Phone 8 is a fairly new, intuitive, business ready OS that is ready to make its mark. The new redesign of Windows 8 (which will soon get back a start menu in version 8.1) is made with this same type of system in mind. The system comes with a phone version of MS Office which is ready to link to an Office 365 account or run on its own.Cons: Less apps available than in App World

I have been the happy owner of iPhone for 3 years. I purchased this phone to port an app that I created to the Windows platform.The plan was to get port the app and then go back to my beloved iPhone.After using the phone for few hours, the idea of going back to iPhone evaporated.What I like:Amazing camera with some amazing imaging software from Nokia.Microsoft Office OneNoteEverything is consolidated on the start screenSeveral email accounts and contacts from Skype and my Hotmail and Google mail are seamlessly consolidated.Super fast response ( I always wondered why Android requires 6 cores to run )Almost all apps I have on my iPhone are available.The Kids corner is a great feature that lets me hand the phone to my kids without worrying about them cannibalizing my stuff.Developing apps for this phone is the easiest (between all three platforms Windows, iPhone, and the horrible Android)I can go on and on but I will stop hereWhat I didn't like:I am still waiting for some apps like I Heart Radio ( I heard it's coming soon )The Arabic font looks awful (not that anybody would care about that)Highly recommended :)

This phone is perfect balance for someone who is not to dependent on applications, but Microsoft and third parities are picking up on the apps for the Windows Phone 8 platform.  When I used WP8 for the first time I was hooked, it is smooth and is easy to get used to.  The live tiles are a great innovation and can provide me with Facebook, Twitter, general news, ect. just by looking at the Home Screen.  The Camera is also really good and provides great pictures with an editor that gets rid of imperfections.  The camera has been improved greatly with the Nokia Pro Camera App, decreasing imperfections and more options for the camera fanatic.  This phone has been a saving grace for me because I wanted something different and more stylish than the plain look of iOS and the cumbersome Android OS.

I was very nervous going to a Windows phone. I was worried the most about losing Google Navigation. I was pleasantly surprised with HERE maps, they are excellent and have &#34;off line&#34; capabilities. Nokia &#34;Mix Radio&#34; is a free service that is outstanding too (think Pandora without the ads).Camera is best I've had. The entire experience has far surpassed my expectations. I'll not be going back to a Droid or iPhone.Pros: durable, speaker, Camera/Video Quality, wi-fi capable, games, Menus, good for texting, battery life, Tools, ease of useCons: heavy

This is the best damn phone out there.. period!! Great screen, sharp camera, amazing features. Could have better battery life, but hey, it's a smart phone. Get used to charging it every day.I don't get why Nokia/Microsoft don't push their product like the Samsung folks do. I bought it off Amazon because it was available at $0.99.

I really like the pictures, especially in low light.  The phone does all that they said it would. Love it!

This is a great smart phone.  I use windows 8 with my computer, so I was accustomed to it.  I would recommend this phone to anyone.

I put the 928 on the charger every night at my bedside table.  I had always used my android phone as an alarm clock. Now that I have the 928, I use it.  Every morning the alarm sounds and as my eyes are over 40, I must find my reading glasses in order to locate the snooze and dismiss button.  The fonts are the same small size.  Most of the apps I've found for this phone are not well thought out.Just upgraded Pandora to version 1.0.1.0.Skippy  Nowhere near ready for prime time.Call quality is good.  And while the camera gets high marks from everyone, I'm less than impressed.I'm not a happy early adapter.

PROS:- crisp display (and it is quite large)- slim design (thin even with a case)- exterior speaker is loud and high-quality- lengthy battery (If I charge it during the night, it lasts up until about 6 in the afternoon with normal to heavy use)- very nice camera with effects included (panorama and other filters; superior flash as well)- browsing speed is very fastCONS:- app store is very limited if you are used to the Apple app store- my device has a habit of freezing on the lock screen every so often, although this may be caused by an app I have installed and thus may not be a problem for every 928. (If you find yourself in this situation (and you will notice that the battery in this device is non-removable), simply hold down the power button and the volume-down button until it powers off and restarts itself. This fixes the problem)Overall, this is a very solid device with many awesome features. I give it a 4 because of the freezing problem, although I am still not sure if this is a problem for every Nokia Lumia 928. I most definitely recommend this phone

I have been a Nokia phone fan since I got my first cell phone. Which was a Nokia. I was thrilled when they finally introduced there smartphone. I am still learning all the things I can do with my phone, but for now I am enjoying the process.

Very fast response times, great photo quality, beautiful display.  Really like the wireless charging.  Have had no problems finding any sort of apps I'm interested in.  It's on the larger side, but I prefer that since the larger screen makes it easier on the eyes and I make fewer typing errors on the little keyboard.  A veritable steal at $0.

I was waiting for this phone to come out at Verizon for a few months last year. Finally, it became available and I upgraded my Motorola Droid.At first, I really liked the quality of the screen, but soon my first impression was marred by the text messaging glitch when the users were not able to send text messages intermittently. Apparently, it was a result of a software update and complaints about it were widespread on the Internet. For me the issue lasted for a couple of days before MS/Nokia fixed it. Also, I found ridiculous that the phone didn't have the external New message or Missed call LED light.Another annoying thing was the signal strength. My Motorola phone (3G) never had reception problems where I work (western part of Los Angeles). Nokia phone often shows 1 bar LTE (4G) signal strength here, but is unable to make a call, send text message or connect to the web.Since the phone doesn't have a removable battery, there is a sequence of hardware keys to press for a hard restart. The first time the phone froze, I was getting into my car waiting for the important call and when the person actually called and I was not able to answer, I was ready to crush the phone. I suppose, freezing has also something to do with the software updates, because sometimes it occurs several times a day and sometimes not once in a couple of months (I don't have a lot of apps, so I can't attribute this freezes to the poorly programmed apps).Now, in order of priority:The quality of  phone calls - no complaints. The sound is clear and loud. Bluetooth works just fine. The phone had glitches when the proximity sensor did not work properly and Mute, End call or other keys could be pressed on the screen inadvertently (this issue is well documented on the support web sites), but it seems to be a software problem and was fixed. What annoys me a lot, is that the volume key is not application-specific. For instance, if you want to watch a youtube clip without disturbing the others and turn the volume all the way down, it will mute your ringer and if you forget to turn it back up, it will stay muted. The same is true for the phone's music player.Web browsing. I do a lot of browsing on my phones. The standard issue Internet Explorer (IE) is beyond pathetic. When I got the phone, there were no other browsers available. These days a few more can be downloaded, but Firefox is still not available. I tried Nokia browser and did not like it. IE is slow, freezes more often that I can tolerate, cannot handle some web pages, does not have Forward capability (sometimes very inconvenient).E-mail. No major issues here. All my corporate accounts and a hotmail account it integrated seamlessly. The issue with Hotmail (a Microsoft service, supposed to work perfectly with the MS software environment), however, is that Trash and Junk folders don't seem to sync properly, despite &#34;Sync all folders&#34; setting is selected. I noticed it after few months and it resulted in that the phone stores a couple of hundreds of sent messages and almost a thousand of spam messages that only can be deleted by checking them ONE BY ONE - there is no way to select all of them at once. And yes, I delete these every couple of days when I log on to my account from my computer.Messaging. I don't do a lot of messaging, so no major complaints here except for what I mentioned before. Occasionally, the text messages can't go through and if you closed the messenger app, there will be no signal that the message hasn't been sent. Several times it happened to me when I was waiting for the response and in 30 minutes would discover that my message was sitting there with a &#34;Can't send message&#34; line.Camera - superb, beats any other phone camera that I compared it to.Navigation. Works great, better that my gf's iphone.Maps. Great, and Google maps app has recently became available.All in all, the phone did not meet my expectations. The hardware itself might be solid, but the combination with Windows 8 software really makes the phone subpar. I will not be getting Nokia/MS combination again in the future.

Very fast, not too big, not too small.Very responsive, feels very nice and smooth in hand.Nice to be the only one in the room with this phone and already has around 6-7 converts.

The Lumia 928 is very similar to the Lumia 920 and is exclusive to Verizon.  Verizon customers can therefore rejoice that they can get their hands on one of the few high end phones on the market that isn't a "me too" phone.  Like the 920, the 928 has a 4.5 inch screen (a sharp and vivid 1280x768), a zippy dual-core 1.5 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon S4 processor, and a gig of RAM.  I've put this phone through the hell known as my backpack and the 928 has triumphed - still no scratches on the wall-to-wall gorilla glass screen or on the matte polycarbonate body.  Since one of the reasons I love this phone is the form factor, I'm very happy it hasn't been degraded no matter how often it gets jostled.I had a Lumia 900 for a long time before upgrading to the 928, and I'm impressed that in under 2 years, Nokia managed to put out a phone that I fell in love with.  This didn't happen the last time I upgraded my iPhone, that was more of a `ho-hum' situation.  This phone sits in the hand better and is easier to hold and use.  It's a little lighter and slimmer than the 920 but continues in the `bigger is better' recent smartphone trend.The really nice upgrade is the Carl Zeiss camera with image stabilization.  The xenon flash gives better low light performance and the 8.7 MP PureView camera takes superbly sharp and vibrant photos.PROS-Impressive photos, including better technology for low light / indoors-Wireless charging-Verizon's impressive coverage-4G-High-performance mic and speaker-Free turn-by-turn navigation, very easy to use Maps, virtual reality, and location-based apps-Still challenges you to be good at maximizing your battery time but less challenging than previous versions-Windows 8 OS, which is intuitive and easy to use, an impressive performer and highly customizable, and a hell of a lot better looking than the iPhone (OS upgrade is expected later this year)-Renders websites beautifullyCONS-Although I have found all of the apps I use regularly, a more app-driven person might not find everything they'd like on the MarketplaceThis phone is gorgeous. Just get ready to be asked a million questions about it when you take it out around a bunch of other people - and then you can tell them just how smokin' a deal the subsidized cost is.Update: I just had a friend visit and she dropped her phone and broke the screen. Being the nice person I am, I let her use my 928 for a couple of days (I roughed it with my old Lumia 920). She's on AT&T;, but there is an app that allowed her to use her AT&T; sim card on this phone. Not sure if this only works for unlocked phones.  Absolutely awesome!

Barely 6 months after Nokia delivers on the revolutionary 920, here it comes again with the 928. Finally on Verizon!! An improved, lighter version of the 920? Sweeet! Love the wireless charging. Love that industry leading camera. Love the design! Sign me up! =)

Hardware is fantastic, solid feel, gorgeous screen and feels great in the hand (and I don't have the biggest hands).  Can see screen clearly even in bright sunlight.  Call quality is fantastic.  The WP8 OS runs nice and smooth.  Camera takes great pics, especially in non-ideal lighting (harsh lighting or dim surroundings).  As many have noted, the app selection is not as extensive as iPhone or Android.  But I'd say the Windows Phone store has most of the biggies.  Nokia has done a pretty good job at filling in key voids. In short, it is a solid performer and I have enjoyed using it so far.

Smooth interface, no glitches, beautiful screen. Only negative is if you are an app freak and want every app out there. Most apps I use have been written for windows by now so a non issue for me. The quality of operation is well worth any lacking apps. Sound quality is excellent through the headphone jack and rhapsody and Pandora work well and sound great.Battery life is very good, I can get through a day without a charge first smartphone I've had that can do that.If you get one make sure to get a case as the phone by itself is slick and skinny and easily dropped. I use a poetic case and its perfect.

This is a steal at this price and similar feature worse looking Samsung and iphone selling at more ....It was a no brainier for me and I loved the value i got from this buy... Windows apps are smooth and I have all the apps I need.. People should not have complains anymore that there are not enough apps on windows...The build quality is awesome and looks better in hand even compared to iPhone 5 that looks cheaper in comparison...

I have had a number of android phones, have used apple phones, and this is the first windows phone I have purchased.  It is flat a nice looking phone both the screen resolution and clarity and the refined look of the tiled interface.  It is a fast phone, I don't experience any waiting for actions to occur, they are instant. I found all the apps that I was using on android without a problem.  The camera is simply stunning in clarity, by far it is the best one I have seen, better than my previous Samsung galaxy 3. From what I have seen of the Windows 8.1 preview this only gets better.  My wife got one too, she was an Apple user and she loves her phone.

I really haven't had the money or the use for a smartphone.  My old cellphone was an ancient Nokia that mostly I just played JewelQuest Solitaire on.  It didn't have a camera and its "internet browser" was pretty lame.So for me a Nokia Lumia 928 is like giving a Neanderthal a torch.  It's pretty overwhelming.  My reaction would pretty much be, "OMG, look at that, a camera!  Look at it browse the internet!  It must be magic!"If you already have a smartphone, like an iPhone or a Galaxy S-whatever, then I'm sure your reaction would be very much different.  I have a strong suspicion you would be unlikely to trade for the Nokia.That is all.

Background: In the past three years, I have used iPhone 4, 4S and 5. I also used Droid X and Samsung Galaxy S3. Let me tell you from the start that I am not a loyal customer of any brand. I will give my business to any company as long as they give me the best value possible. Hopefully, this background information will be useful to you since if we are coming from different backgrounds, this review maybe useless to you.First of all, I am not a heavy user. When I had Android phones, I didn't install custom roms or anything like that due to security concerns. I also didn't jailbreak my iPhones for the same reason. I don't install tons of apps or play many games on my phones. Just to give you an idea, I probably had less than 100 apps in my iPhone and much less than that on S3 since the apps that I would want to download on Android platform would require me to accept their unreasonable terms where apps would want to access my contacts, full network access, phone storage, messages and such for no apparent reason. I log into banks and etc on my phones, there is no way I am giving those kind of permissions to apps!As a result, I am not a fan of Android. Also, I had a lot of issues with both of my Android phones. Even the Samsung Galaxy S3 had lagging, freezing and rebooting issues after only 2 weeks of usage. Plus, the build quality of the S3 left a lot to be desired. So, I sold it after owning it for less than a month and purchased an iPhone 4S.My experience with IOS was much better. I initially didn't have any lagging, freezing or rebooting issues at all. What they advertised was true, it just worked. It was somewhat boring and had a small screen compared to competitors but it was safer and it worked great. However, after the iPhone 5 launch my 4S started having performance issues following the OS updates. I am pretty sure that Apple did this on purpose to make their customers upgrade to the newest iPhone. They succeeded as well. I upgraded to iPhone 5 only to regret it later. It is light, fast and has 4g lte but other than that I felt it was the same phone as the 4S.Sorry for taking so long to talk about the product that I am actually writing a review for but whenever I read reviews, I enjoy the ones that make comparisons. I find those reviews the most helpful, so I tried to do the same thing in my review.Now that's out of the way, let's talk about the Nokia Lumia 928. I will break this review down to pros and cons to make reading easier.Here are the pros:- Camera: It takes great pictures. Especially, the low light pictures are very good. IMO, Lumia 92x series have the best camera in the market except for the Lumia 1020 and Nokia 808.- Skydrive: It's similar to iCloud. You can upload your documents, pictures etc to skydrive. This phone will automatically backup your applist, settings, text messages and photos to skydrive. However, you can go to Settings -> Backup and turn backup off if you want to. I turned the automatic back up for the pictures off because when I take a picture that I don't like, I have to delete it from the camera roll as well as the skydrive. I thought I would rather upload the ones that I really like than delete the ones that I don't like from both locations every single time.- Battery Life: This phone has great battery life. However, you have to do a few adjustments to get the full potential. Do yourself a favor and search online for Windows Phone 8 battery tips and you'll see a list of adjustments you can make to improve your battery life. I just got this phone a week ago but I've already gotten 2 days out of it with moderate usage after I've made the adjustments. If you need any help, just add a comment and I'll try to help you out if I can.- Ability to uninstall bloat ware without hacking the device!. Not that it comes with many bloat ware but for example I uninstalled the Verizon navigation without any issues. Its very simple, tap and hold the app and click uninstall. Easy!- Performance: Exceptional. Very fluid, lag free.- Build Quality: Very good. Go to a Verizon store and check this phone out, you'll see what I am talking about. My only problem is the soft keys (Windows, back and search buttons have a yellowish color when lit which is not normal) When I searched online, it seems that a lot of people have the same issue. Honestly, it doesn't bother me. But if it's something that would bother you, just make sure the phone that you purchase doesn't have that issue in the store before you take it home.- Wireless charging: I think it's a nice feature. I welcome any type of real innovation. I believe these type of innovations are not only important for what they actually do currently but also they push competitors to come up with other innovations as well to stay competitive. In my opinion, this creates a better value for customers.- Screen: Looks great. Very nice colors. You can view the screen in direct sun light with no problems. It won't be the same as viewing it at night but it is much better than iPhones and Android devices that I've used/seen.- Speakers: Pretty good. Not on par with HTC One's speakers but definitely better than most.- Nokia exclusive apps: Nokia maps is great. It will give you voice guided navigation with street names. I tested it out once and it worked out great. The biggest plus for Nokia maps is the fact that you don't need data connection. Just download your regions map and you are set. Additionally, maybe due to the phone not having to use data to get map information, it ran much cooler than my previous iPhones and Android devices while using the navigation app which is a big plus.- Value: You are getting a great device, a fluid and stable OS, 32gbs of standard storage and a great camera for only $30 with a 2 year contract at Amazon or $450 without signing a contract. This is a great value. I seriously don't know if there are any better deals out there. I am very happy with my decision to buy this phone. I think you'll feel the same way too.Now time for the Cons:- As I mentioned before, even though this phone has great build quality, the yellowish buttons puts a dent on its greatness.- No sd card slot. I appreciate that this phone comes with standard 32gb of storage space. I also appreciate that we get skydrive for no additional cost but I would have still liked if we had the micro sd card slot so I could pop in a 64gb micro sd card and have 96gb of storage.- Notification bar. It's not a big deal and I understand that live tiles are the notification bar of Windows Phone 8 but I think it wouldn't have hurt having both. There are rumors that the upcoming update will give us a notification bar but nothing for sure yet. Not having it doesn't bother me much but I would welcome it if they added it.- Closing apps: I haven't seen anyone mention this and maybe it's something that I am doing wrong but when you have open apps in WP8, you have to close them by pressing the back button. However, if you for example open the internet explorer to browse the internet and you visit a few different links, you will have to press the back button multiple times to be able to close the app. I find that annoying. Also, to close the apps that are running in the background, you have to press and hold the back button which lets you view all the open apps in the background. However there is no "x" button on the right upper corners (just like iPhones do) to be able to close the apps easily. I have to open each app and press the back button to actually close that app. I think it's a big flaw and they need to address this in their next update. Again, I only had this phone for a week so maybe there is a very intuitive way of closing apps that I am not aware of but AFAIK, that is what you need to do to close apps.- Apps: As I mentioned earlier, I am not a heavy app user so I really don't miss any apps from the IOS. However, I understand that not everyone is like me and some people may have certain apps that they use and are not willing to give them up to move to WP8. So, make a list of your most used apps and see if WP8 has them or not.Conclusion:I really like this device. The more I use it, the more I like it and the less I miss the IOS. I would highly recommend that you give this phone a try. If you have any questions, feel free to leave comments and I will try my best to answer your questions.

Update. I finally returned my 928 after trying to make it work for 1 month, 2 factory resets(wiping your hard drive)  and endless soft ones later(taking out your battery) plus  one failed backup. My skydrive app failed also. AMZN even offered to extend my return period to 90 days. VZ's flagship 928 windows phone which arrived in mid May is now free with VZ. If you take photos, make calls send emails and are already set up with windows PC  this phone will probably work great for you.WP8 is a very quick, user friendly and customizable platform, when it works . The 928 is a very nice looking phone that takes awesome low light photos.Few Nokia apps are top notch. I would rate Nokia's nav app Heredrive right up there with goggle maps  Otherwise windows store apps and platform are buggie. Windows store app reviews are fiction. MapQuest got me lost twice while I was waiting for it to provide me with its advertised voice activated, turn by turn nav app that adjusts to drivers route. Its does none of those. 2 emails to MapQuest customer service on this issue went unanswered . 928 battery life, update and audio issue posts are all over windows forums. Nokia put a high performance speaker in this phone but there are no settings to adjust bass. When a song with lots of bass comes on you get that blown speakers sound. Otherwise audio is 5 star.Advice. Do not contact VZ windows tech support; total waste of time.Go to wpcentral or Microsoft community forums for support Twice I went to VZ stores with windows questions. Both times they tried to push android/i phones on me even a set of $200 blue-tooth speakers to help me deal with my windows issues. I walked out store both times. You may as well be speaking Chinese when you say word windows to them. Was all marketing I'm afraid. VZ gets to sell 2 yr contracts to people looking for windows, works out great, doesn't they flip those people into a 2 yr  android/iphones

This phone is so sleek, easy to use & fast. I think it helps that it pretty much functions like my Windows 8 PC. I think the only drawback to this phone, & really any Windows phones, is that the MIcrosoft store doesn't offer as many apps as Play or Apple store does. I'm hoping that will change in the coming months, because I really like this phone & wouldn't mind getting another Windows phone with my next upgrade.

Very clean, extremely easy phone to use- and built nokia tough. The phone is the best Windows Phone out by a long shot, and easily trumps the iPhone. Do some research about the operating system though- if you like to have widgets and modify your phone with android operating systems, you might not like Windows Phone 8. I personally love the operating system. Very fast and simple.

I have been an android user since the Droid Incredible. Since that phone I have been very impressed with android and have constantly recommended android phones when people ask. Since the Incredible I have had the HTC Thunderbolt, Droid Charge, LG Spectrum, Droid Razr Maxx, and Samsung Galaxy Note 2. Although I never had issues with my android phones other than the occasional lag I decided that I wanted to try something different. I decided that windows phone was worth a try. In the end I didn't expect windows phone to be as refreshing, smooth, and functional as it is. The Nokia Lumia 928 is an excellent phone that is very well built. It is sturdier than any android phone I have used and competes with some of the early blackberry phones I owned as the most solidly built. The camera quality is amazing, definitely better than the quality on the galaxy note 2 I had been using prior to getting this phone. The thing that has really hooked me has been the software. After hearing what others had said I was expecting to get bored with the software quickly but that has not been the case. The software has been far more reliable than that of any other phone. It is also amazingly smooth. Apps open quickly and I have yet to have an app randomly close or give me any type of error. The battery life has been great and usually gets me through a day of heavy use. The only downside to this phone has been apps. Obviously, this is something that I expected when buying the phone. Yes, it does not have as many apps as IOS or Android but I do not find myself missing apps; there are enough popular apps that I do not feel that my overall experience is hindered on the platform. In the end I do not see myself switching platforms anytime soon. This is the first time I have ever written a review for a phone; I feel that this platform is too good to not get more attention than it does. Definitely give this phone a solid chance.

Nokia has a great product here.  The camera is awesome. I like the lens effects.  I find the Windows IS to be very clean, intuitive, and stable.  The app store is a bit disappointing, but similar in scope to the original android store in it's early days.

A User Review on the Nokia Lumia 928.Got my Nokia 928 a few days ago. First, overall the phone isGREAT and I would recommend it to anyone. IMO it is the Best Windows Phone to date. I will also say that in comparison to the other Operating System's; Android and iOS, Windows Phone 8 OS is better and faster in my opinion. Of course that is Subjective. Everyone has his or her preference as to the features, apps, size, style, color and specs of a phone that work for them and that's just fine. My sister likes the iphone 5 and it works just fine for here. My youngerbrother likes Android ICS and it works fine for him. The point is, I nor anyoneelse has to convince each person that they should buy a particular Phone. Having said that this is just a review for anyone not sure of Windows Phone 8.The Pros and the Cons.Pros:1. The Operating System: The Windows Phone 8 OS issmooth fast and responsive. It runs faster on a lower processor than a newer Android's faster quad processor. The point is, it doesn't have to have 4 or moreprocessors to run smoother and faster. Though I have not had it longer the 8days as of this review I nor the persons I know who have a WP8, have notexperienced the lags, bugs and many reboots I have had with Android Phones and Tablets. I didn't like the Windows Tiles when I first heard or seen them in pictures, but expect for the plain colors (you eventually get use to them) they work great. The Live Tiles update you on all the info you need on one screen without having to click on a bunch of different apps Mail, Facebook, Weather, Agenda, Calender, Messaging are all updated right on the front screen. You can customize the look, size, color of your Tiles and change them with ease.2. The Camera: This has to be one of the best cameras on a Phone. You will not be disappoint on the pictures it takes in daylight or low light. Nokia is hyping up this Camera and I have to agree. The Camera alone is a good reason to get this phone.3.  Call Quality is good: Both calling and receiving. The speaker on it is loud and clear.4. The Display is great with the AMOLED Display. It makes the screen sharp and clear and great even it sunlight. The Size at 4.5 inches is also a nice size, not too big and not too small.5. Xenon Flash: Brighter and better Flash as found on some standalone cameras.6. HD 1080p recording with great noise canceling mics. Also has front Facing 1.2MP camera.7. 32 GB internal storage8. 4G Network: I haven't had the chance to fully test it yet, but my pages load super-fast and my downloads are fast as well.9. Battery: Battery usage for a smartphone is Good. It also has wireless charging.10.  APPS: There is a lot of criticism with this OSand lack of apps. This area is where people have to put things in the rightprospective. Yes iOS and Android has more Apps than WP8. I have to laugh alittle when this argument is brought up. First who downloads that many apps?Second putting thing in the right prospective, iOS and Android is 5years old. Developers have had plenty of time to make apps. Windows Phone is going on 3years old with Window Phone 8 being only 6 months old with over 145,000 to date. Most of the top apps or equivalent is available right now on the WP store, with more being added as the months go buy. The point is, it took both Android and Apple years to get to the app count they have now. Besides most of the apps on those system or useless apps that don't say on a phone for long yet alone even make it to ones phone. Again my point is most of the main or equivalent apps that people use are either on the store or in development. If Windows Phone 8 sells great(and I think it will) more apps will come faster. Anyway Nokia has a set of apps that make this phone stand out itself, Nokia Music, Nokia City Lens: Nokia Maps, Nokia Drive. There are plenty of other apps that make this a great pick.Cons:1. No External Storage. I think Nokia made a mistake here. Even though it has an internal 32 gig storage( 23G usable) they should have made room for external storage. I like having my music, videos and some data on a storage card so I am not tied to a computer or downloading data on a cell or wifi. I almost didn't get the phone because if this.2. No removable battery. I am a heavy user, both personal and work. I like having a couple of charged batteries to throw in when I just can't charge.3. Lack of Apps? I put this here because in comparison to the other two OS's, WP8 does have less apps, however I think I make a good point above as to why this is not a good reason to not buy this Phone.4. No FM Radio: other Nokia Phones have the radio turned on. Though I heard that it can be turned on in a firmware update.5. No Etiquette: My own personal preference; a feature that mutes the phone when you face it down.6. Wish it had a stylus for notes: My own personal preference7. No Swype Keyboard: My own personal preference8. Unless I am wrong, No Video output to TV.Ok so for what it is worth, this is just an opinion for a user and not a article writer,and Yes I have had both Android and Iphone.

I wanted to try the W8 phones out because honestly, I just wanted to try something new. I was a little bored with my Android phone(though otherwise very happy) and not ready to jump to the Iphone since it was the same thing I had been doing with my ipod touch for years. I first tried the HTC 8x as I was a very satisfied HTC android user. The phone was beautiful but I didnt really like the feel of it in my hands, it dropped calls terribly, and some of the software that I was use to having for free on my Android device, such as the turn by turn voice navigation, just wasn't there, and the camera was just serviceable.  I had a few other qualms with it that were really making me consider jumping back to Android.I looked at the BBz10 (nice phone but a little complicated) and the Samsung S4 ( wasn't available yet on Verizon), and the HTC One ( would have gotten this but it is not a Verizon phone). I also though of waiting to see what the next Iphone would  look like but as it was like just to be a 5s, I couldn't imagine it being exciting enough to make me jump to that platform.  Then this phone came out to good reviews.  So I decided to try it out. I have to admit that I am surprisingly happy with this phone.  Everything that I didn't like in the HTC 8x is improved with this phone. Nokia just has more software, and that sofware makes the user experience. Also I think call quality is superior and I have only had 1 dropped call since I have had this phone.  The camera is very good as well.So far, the only thing I would change would be to round the edges slightly and to take the weight down a little more.  Other then that, I am a pretty happy Nokia W8 phone user.  Happy enough to want to see what the next operating system update will add to the phone.  Happy enough to stick with w8 platform until I can see what is the next great thing Android and Apple comes out with.  I don't know about os loyalty at this point but I'm more than satisfied with this phone.

when trying to use the phone like it is advertise I.E. connecting e mails and documents from one device to another it is impossible to get information. There is no one place to go and when you get someone to help they look it up on some data base that is incomplete. There is no one I can find that has experience with the phone. One would think that Microsoft would have a number to call where the practical experience is.

I'm not a smart phone jockey, but I get by.  I decided to try the Nokia with the mobile Windows because I resist following the crowd into iPhones and Samsung Android phones.  Also, I don't think I need millions of different apps to choose from - I find it kind of confusing actually.The Nokia Lumia 928 is attractive, simple to use, has some nice apps from both Nokia and Microsoft to try, and easy to customize - so far.  But I discovered that the first phone I received had a problem with its speaker phone.  I could hear everybody just fine, but they couldn't hear me.  So I replaced it via Amazon and the process of doing so was easy.  Now I've had the replacement phone just a few days and yesterday it locked up in such a way that I couldn't even shut it down because the slide screen (which you use to shut the power off) was totally unresponsive - or so I thought until I researched the problem online and found a means to a soft reset that worked.  But that same online community seems to say that this phone freezes up frequently, which I hope isn't true.I still like the Nokia Lumia 928 phone for its features and the camera is great, but if it becomes trouble-prone I might change my mind.

Buttons tough to locate; restricted functionality outside of US; can't use Access Point.  No FM.Good call clarity.  A tad heavy, but not bad.

Much better than my android and my wife's IPhone 5. Get the windows 8 ap on your laptop and sync your skydrive docs,pics, Itunes, spreadsheets, scans, etc. You can choose any or all of your Itunes for a seemless transfer and use all as ringtones with no fuss. Sign in to X Box Live, or create an X Box account and game from the Microsoft store. All the apps you want and more. Get this FLAGSHIP. I have the black model and it is sleek, streamlined, and awesome. The camera and speaker are unbeatable. Thank Nokia for the best reception I have seen. The device is solid, not plastic feeling like the Galaxy. 32 Gigs for a great price. Buy this Flagship.

I really really like the phone. It comes with office and I can view my doc or ppt on it. even do some simple editing. Cam is decent especially for low light. Love Nokia navigation apps, they are really good since you can have your offline map and not using your data plan to do that.It has limited apps especially the popular ones or the one I rely on. I feel really bad about returning it...........When they have more app choice for WP I will definitely come back!

Buy this phone and update to WinPhone 8.1, it a excelent phone with this update

wondering, for my lifestyle, if it warrents paying almost $900 a year more just for the use of it.  While it has all the features I would like in a phone and more, I'm finding that I'm not really taking advantage of them all.  I'm not a techie person.  I don't sit in front of a computer emailing, twittering, and facebooking friends; and I'm not into games either.  All I really have used this phone for so far is to make phone calls which I could do on any 'dumb' phone.  That's something to consider when purchasing any smart phone.  Will the useage warrant the extra cost?  If you are like me, then it probably wouldn't.  But if you aren't then you'll probably love this phone.  It's superfast, has a lot of features that are (even for this old bat) very easy to use, and is fun.  If I wasn't pinching my pennies because of this bad economy I would keep it in a heartbeat.  But as the situation is now it looks like I'll be downgrading to a dumb phone.I'm updating this posting after contacting Verizon about switching back to an old fashioned flip phone.  After all is said and done the total savings per month would only amount to around $20 a month.  Seems Verizon has, along with everyone else, raised their rates and fixed it so that it wouldn't make economic sense to switch back.  So, even though I probably won't be using the phone as much as some other users might, I'll be keeping the phone after all. If you have any reservations about upgrading to a smart phone make sure you check out how that is going to change your rates first because once your rate gets changed to a different tier it will never go back to the lower tier again.  Live and learn as they say. When my contract is up I'll just have to switch to another carrier in order to go back to the flip phone rate. I'm not happy about that because I got a lot less dropped calls and better reception with Verizon than when I had AT&T;.

I love this phone, but you definitely need a screen protector. It has a super soft screen. I have shattered the bottom left corner twice. And even the slightest thing will scratch the screen. Other than that, I love this phone.

i used nokia for last 10 years, tried other brands but always went back to nokia, but with this phone, i think i may never buy nokia again.- screen gets stuck, restart helps ( soft/hard with side buttons cause screens isnt responding) that happens about twice a month- unexpected restarts - once a month most of the time when dialing a calli have replaced one phone already but this one have same problems- phone is slow, more apps left open even slower- internet explorer suck balls and other apps are same bad- bigger files makes me kill myself- nokia music, what happened to play by folder ? useless- tiles sux, facebook have hourly delays some notifications comes days after- personalization - nonexistentPros ? yeah few, wireless charger, sweet, fast and saves your usb outlet, camera very good quality screen very responsive and visible all the tome, little too big but i had N8 before and even dumb symbian was better that this windows,

I really feel like I wasted my Verizon upgrade. At first I loved this phone but I have grown to despise it.NavigationDon't ever use Here maps to find your destination unless its an actual address, ie don't try to use search. It has already got me lost several times. It's terrible at starting out the trip, usually have to drive a bit before it locates correctly which means starting the trip by turning the wrong way.Other issuesTouch screen goes unresponsive and need to reboot.Sound issues, such as not being able to use built in ear piece when Bluetooth is connected.No apps

Well let me start by saying that even thought I'm only giving it 1 Star doesn't mean is a bad phone. I guess I've been unlucky with this  phone. I bought 2 White versions at a local Verizon store and had to returned them with a problem with the capacity buttons. The first one had all the Capacity buttons white but the Windows Buttons had something inside like glue ( looks horrible when the light lit). The term that people are using on the internet is a (Goopy) button. Now to the 2 phones I've receive through Amazon (black version). I was hoping it was a problem with the White version but so far I got 2 phones (black version) with Amazon and they have the same issue. The capacity key on the 2 phones from Amazon are Yellow and I'm pretty sure they are suppose to be white. The first one that I got from the Verizon store were Pure White. I really love the phone but now I have to wait until they get them in stock again and hope that it doesn't have the same issue. I wish i could upload photos so people would understand how ugly it looks when the Capacity button light is on.

This is my first Windows Phone after trying Android and iPhone; all I can say is &#34;why did I wait so long?!&#34;. The phone is awesome; great features, especially Nokia's software; fantastic phone, faster than my iPhone 4s; love the Windows OS, it's an in between Android & iOS.  It's true that there are some apps missing from WP store but most are available or can be got around.  My only criticism is that the microusb port does not support AV output to HDMI, this would have made this phone 5 star!, however the Nokia Beamer app kind of makes up for it.  Buy this phone, support Windows Phones, then hopefully more apps will come.

Don't know much about the data phones out there but this specific phone is setting me me up for excellence.  I must be frank though, I might be a little prefixed for this phone,  I AM AN XBOX fan! Seamless transition from phone to Xbox. Well done Nokia; grateful MS bought them out.

I've been an Apple person for many years now, but curiosity had me checking out the Lumia 928, and I'm glad I did. Given that this Nokia is a flagship device for Windows Phone 8, it's only fair to compare it to Apple's flagship, the iPhone 5.First things first. The Nokia Lumia 928 is by no means a light phone. At 162 grams (my scale says 166 grams), it's noticeably heavier than the iPhone 5 at 112 grams. This means the Lumia is roughly 50% heavier than the iPhone.The 4.5" screen on the Lumia 928 puts out 1280x768 pixels vs the 4" iPhone 5 with 1136x640 resolution. This translates into 334 pixels per inch on the Lumia vs the iPhone 5's 326 pixels per inch. On paper it sounds like the Lumia 928 is the sharper display, but in practice this is not the case. Because of the pentile arrangement of pixels on the Lumia, text especially just comes across a little... fuzzy. It's certainly not awful, and if you've never used an iPhone 4/4S/5 or for example an HTC ONE, you'd perhaps not notice. In any case, this is not the sharpest display on the market - the iPhone 5 is noticeably sharper. The HTC ONE is the sharpest of them all (sharper than the Galaxy S4). The Lumia display is very vibrant, though, due to its OLED display. It's a little too vibrant for some people, but it certainly can't be accused of being washed out!The Camera:The 8.7MP camera on the Lumia 928 really shines. It takes some of the best low-light photos I've seen on a mobile device. It certainly does a better job than my iPhone 5. Very impressive. While I don't care for direct flash devices, the xenon flash here does help in extremely low light, and the Lumia 928 also uses it to help achieve focus. Daytime photos also look fantastic. The bar has been raised here for low-light phone photography, no question.The Phone:I've found the call quality to be excellent, with little/no distortion at the higher volumes. It just works well. The speakerphone is also quite loud.Apps:This is the biggest problem with Windows Phone 8. There are quite simply not enough apps available. If you're thinking of switching from Android, - and especially iOS, you may want to check to see if your favorite apps are even available for the Windows Phone platform. Chances are, - they're not.I downloaded a few of my favorite apps (from iOS) on the Lumia, - "Plex," and "Words with Friends." "Plex" just didn't run as well over my network, dropping frames from streamed video. And "Words with Friends" is just a travesty of an app. All the smoothness is gone. It crashes a lot, doesn't have some of the newer features from Android/iOS (like giving you a word-score total before submitting the word etc).And gaming is a total downer on Windows Phone 8 for several reasons. First, there are very few games available, and the ones that are available just don't run that well on the Lumia 928. This is likely to do with the (relatively speaking) outdated 1.5 Ghz dual-core processor.Functionality:The Lumia 928 situates all its buttons on the right side of the device. The volume up/down, power, and camera button all feel very similar, and it's not at all obvious which way up you're holding the phone when you pick it up. After several days of use, I'm still struggling to find the power button, which is situated in between the volume buttons and the camera button. I wish the power button was at the top of the phone...Overall: I really do like the Windows Phone platform. But it's certainly not perfect. Multitasking is a bit of a mess (you can't close apps unless you go into them and then back out), and the lack of actual good, solid apps is a REAL problem. The other issue is the hardware. While nothing here would be considered "bad," it just doesn't feel flagship enough to compete with Apple and Android's best. Not enough processing power, not enough resolution, too heavy, gets quite hot when playing games etc. All these things conspire against Nokia.That said, if you want a stable alternative to Android/iOS coupled with the absolute best low-light camera on any phone out there, you may just find the Lumia 928 is the phone you. Just make sure the apps you want are there before you make the jump.3 stars out of 5.

take a little time to get use to the windows 8 os, and there aren't as many apps, but overall it a great phone

I've had this phone for approximately three months. Been very happy with Amazon's service when I needed an exchange. There was an initial smudge on the screen and my order was promptly replaced with no questions asked. This second one is looking very good.Product:- Well designed and constructed. My HTC Thunderbolt had issues that I don't see here.- One of the best things I can say is that this phone is fast. Loading apps, switching, closing, playing is all snappy and fluid. I trust it will hold up with future OS updates.- It's a bit of a heavy phone if you're going to compare it to the iPhone, though much larger. I likely the matte finish of the black over the glossy finish of the white. It fits in a pocket well. The main issue I have with this is that when it's sitting flat on the back the Carl Zeiss shiny area rests a bit higher than the rest of the phone.- Wireless charging is a huge plus. I rather enjoy not having to plug this thing in when I get home.- The screen is fantastic. Nokia's PureBlack tech is good to have and it has some vibrant colors.- Camera is also great. This takes amazing low-light photos. I was recently out at a party after sunset and was able to take portraits with little flash needed (if any). Nokia has some good apps to help take advantage of this capability.- It's mostly rectangular with slightly curved edges but has a slightly curved back to help the stereo speaker, which sounds great.OSI do like Windows Phone and I think the platform has something going for it. It integrates well with my Surface and xBox. So you can clearly see I'm in the platform deep. Good SkyDrive compatibility and I can edit Word docs with no problem. Sure there are some apps to be desired but that's mostly items I check every now and then. Development is good from Nokia and independent developers (i.e., Using &#34;Instance&#34; as an Instagram app and 6sec as a Vine app). Some features Microsoft really needs to communicate better about. For instance, using the people hub to connect to multiple social networks is really great. The photos hub can filter out all these social interactions for just photo-related posts from my contacts. The gaming hub notifies me when my xBox friends come online and want to play a specific game. So overall I think it's a great option that needs some better marketing.

Pros: awesome camera, fast, great screen, solid mapping, strong phone, good speaker phone, easy typing, able to avoid opening unintended items with practice and holding techniques, and basic apps.Cons: very touchy (constantly opening screens I didn't intend to open), there are phones with better batteries on the market, and there is not an abundance of (non-essential) free apps.

First, I have an IPhone 5 for business and a Samsung Galaxy S4 for personal use and was very intreged at the pricing & Posititive reviews of the Nokia Lumia 928 Windows Phone.I have to say that Microsoft/Nokia has made an exceptional Camera/Phone....THE BEST on the Market!! Blows IPhone and any Google Phone away!!!Pluses:1) Google and Apple need to take notes from the quality of Nokia/Microsoft Camera Phone.2) Easy to use.3) Live Tiles.4) Quality built product...nice screen resolution, size, build.However, with this being said,there is a downside...Negatives:1) App store is not quite there...has a lot of apps...probabaly 65% vs. Apple & Google but missing some key ones.2) Needs Movie store!3) Needs to incorporate XBOX into the phone more!! Second screen viewing....Play games..etc.Overall, if you are a person who is not invested in Apple or Google and wants to have a good Camera/phone/easy to use phone, this is for you.Plus the price is compelling even if it is missing some apps.

First off, my husband and I have owned cell phones, tablets, MP4's and PDA's for the past 10 years, each one lasting two years or more. This is the first mobile device that has broken within the first month from ONE drop. Major design flaw. While the glass extending beyond the LCD nearly to the edge of the phone, blunt squared edges and smooth matte black back might make for a sleek look, It also makes for an easy to shatter screen. The corner of the phone was nicked (while wearing a case) during a drop and the front screen still shattered. I voiced my concerns to Nokia (though I knew it wouldnt matter since dropping is misuse and abuse and not covered by warranty) and received a catch all e-mail. While I did drop the phone, I feel that a top brand should be designed to withstand a few minor impacts. My children both own kindles which have really taken a beating with no issues, so I do not think it is unrealistic for a product that costs 2-3x as much to be held to the same standard. Nope. ONE 2-3 foot drop was all it took. Also the glass screen is integrated, so replacement is costly costing more than half the original retail price. If youre not dissuaded by this review, make sure you have the phone insured and make sure you are willing to pay a 100 deductible if you ever misuse (drop) your cell phone. OTHERWISE the phone has a lot of great features, especially if you sync with your other windows 8 devices and skydrive. Some of my favorite features are the photos I take are AUTOMATICALLY uploaded to my windows account to be accessed on my other devices, and documents, photos, etc from my other devices are accessible on my phone. If you use email and social media automatic updates are easy and convenient. Contact syncs with facebook is nice, not only does it sync prof. pictures with your phone, it also syncs contact info such as email addresses, cell numbers birthdates etc. Predownloaded GPS was a great feature. The Here City Lens was really neat concept but not something I would use for practicality. It shows way too many closed businesses, but might be useful for someone in a larger town/city. I was able to find practical apps that fit my needs. I love the windows phone website where you can quickly locate your phone for free (great if this is a childs phone.) Also if you loose your phone you can actiate a loud ring to help locate it (like a panic button.) If privacy is a concern, you can also choose to wipe a lost phone remotely. Overall LOVED the windows OS, but Nokia should design more practical phones that they are willing to stand behind. Who doesnt drop a phone? Would recommend a Windows 8 phone, cant do the same for a Nokia.************A week after my initial review I received a prompt that an update was required on my phone (I had set my phone to require prompts and not perform autoupdates.) I choose to perform the update and when the phone restarted it would flash between various welcome screens. I had no way to remove the battery or power the phone off so it cycled through these welcome screens until the battery was drained. I plugged the phone in and now it will not power on at all. Because of the previously cracked screen the warranty is void. Yuck.

bought if for my daughter (first smart phone). she loves the live tiles. she has a windows 8 lap top so the two talk easily. she hasn't complained about a lack of applications.

Ordered refurbished Nokia Lumia 928 after my old one took a dive. I was sweating it arriving before I  left on vacation, but it arrived on  time and I was able to get it set up at the local Verizon store the afternoon before  we left. This phone is great!

I dropped my Lumia 928 phone on a tile floor.  It cracked.  I don't have phone insurance.  Repairing it myself was going to be $180; to have a professional repair it was $250.  The display design changed from the Lumia 920 which would have been about $30 to fix. The display on the 928 is no longer in three pieces.  It is a single piece that must be replaced if any of the components is damaged.  I'm half way through a two-year contract with Verizon.  I'll continue to use it cracked.  Verizon does not sell a protective cover that would prevent this from happening.  I found a high-impact armor case that I now use.  I love everything else about the phone!Lesson:  Get phone insurance if you sign a Verizon contract for the Nokia Lumia 928, and get a Extreme Rugged Impact Armor Hybrid Hard Cover.

Many people are hesitant to try the windows 8 OS. I happen to like it and own a Surface tablet. So I thought a windows phone would be nice.  The windows OS on the Nokia 928 was lovely. However, the phone itself was terrible. Battery life was worse than my 2 yr old iPhone 4, and I had to charge it even before the day was through. Call quality was poor and I had difficulties hearing people on the other line. If windows had their system in a higher quality phone, it might be doing better in sales. But until then, I could not recommend the Nokia Lumia 928 to anyone.

This phone is so fun once I figured it out. It takes great pictures. It is so easy to use.

Best windows phone from Verizon, by far. Big beautiful screen, camera with stunning photos, and the coolest OS ever. I brag about this phone regularly. Totally worth the penny price!!

I have used android phones since they ever existed...well, since Android 2.1.  2010 time frame.  I love android.  Its a tinkerer's dream.  You can make the OS do anything you want it.  The only problem, there are unforseen consequences for every thing that you change.  Heck, I'm sure many of you would agree that android acts up on its own without any provocation.  It crashes, freezes, locks up, memory loss, battery drain, without you even doing anything to it.  After nearly four years of this, I got tired of it.  I need a phone that worked.  I was tired of my phone locking up over night and missing my alarm.  I was tired of 3G-4G handoffs causing me to lose signal and drop calls.  I was tired of my phone rebooting because it didn't like the app I was trying to use.My initial thoughts were the iPhone 5.  At the moment, the next iPhone is about to be announced, so it would make no sense to buy the 5 at full price (it is and always will be full price).So I settled on this phone.  It got good reviews, I needed it by the next day (my android finally died) (it was a Galaxy Nexus).  Overnighted it and prayed for the best.  I was pleasantly surprised by how good this phone is.  Touch screen is super responsive.  720p is gorgeous on the screen.  The styling of Windows 8 is absolutely gorgeous.  It's a mix between good color scheme and minimalistic text.  I always have signal, and it never freezes.  I have never once gotten it to hang up.  I know nothing about Windows 8 (well, like I do android), but I do know is that it works reliably and this phone is a gorgeous flag ship phone.  Works flawlessly.  Would recommend and I can answer any questions if need be.

Initial thoughts-------------------Pros:* Interface is very cohesive and clean.  It's fast and fluid. It just makes sense (coming from a tech that hates Windows 8 on PC!).  I feel it has more polish than the later Android phones (S4 & HTC One)* Big* Feels solid.* Bright, visible in daylight (looks great)* Contrast (darker colors) and font are very easy to read.  Over-sized fonts used thematically actually works.* Wireless charging is great (costs extra for the charger)*  Memory management is good, it will auto-close background apps if it needs more memoryCons:* Heavy* Big* Light color as theme doesn't look good; text doesn't turn black* Glass is not perfectly flat across middle of phone (edges are nicely beveled), noted dimples in middle of glass (not sure it affects the image but I would imagine it has to)* Bezel is large, same size phone as Galaxy S4, but 1/2" less screen.Use/design--------------------Pros:* Ability to change size and location of tiles is nice* Sounds are pleasant* Larger keyboard is nice, making it easier to type* Voice recognition seemed pretty good at first, more testing neededCons:* Tiles being all one color (stock tiles) is disappointing* Keyboard space is very large, leaving not that much room on display when typing* Sometimes difficult to get keyboard to go away* Spell check isn't as smart as iPhone (not just common typos but nearby letters on keyboard)* Live Tile for email (Linked Inbox) does not update if the new mail was deleted on a synchronized account* For multiple email accounts there is no way to setup a default account to send email fromBattery life--------------------* Minimal built-in info> Good app available to show history and time remaining* Decent life on LTE mixed with 3G (18 hours)* On strong LTE signal (minimal use) all day battery life is closer to 8 hours :(Bluetooth--------------------* Nice search features via voice* When a txt message comes in it offers to read it to you, or you can choose "ignore".  You can also reply via voice.* It gets annoying when it's constantly chattering at you though!* It does stop/cancel it's voice prompting if you actually click on the txt on the phone. (good)Phone--------------------* Phone history doesn't show call duration & no good apps to add feature* 2 click process to answer phone, a little annoying* Randomly seems to drop between 1X (cell signal) and 3G and LTE within a few feet (in a weaker signal area)Camera/video--------------------* Greens appear saturated (in daylight)* Low light camera white balance is off sometimes. It appears to use a low-level red light to improve picture which causes the color to be off.* Low light (indoor) video is very poor.  Illumination light does little good, typically causing distracting reflections.Apps--------------------* No keyboard (replacement English) or spell check apps* Calendar: pretty poor implementation;> no week view> month view shows # of items but no words, even in landscape view* Nokia Maps app could not locate a gas station within 15 miles, but my GPS showed 2 within 2 miles.* Can't edit excel cells opening from SkyDriveRandom Thoughts--------------------* Some traffic from phone actually interferes with nearby computer speakers (this has not occurred iPhone4, 4S, 5) causing crackling noises.

Nothing in particular stands out about the Lumia 928, although the ease of use comes in handy when you're trying to multitask. Also fairly durable.

This is my first smartphone in about 3 years. I was nervous at first, because I've always had Android and have never had a Windows phone. When I got it activated, I started playing with it and found out that it's very easy to use. I was able to figure out the apps, settings and all the other features in about 30 or so minutes. The touchscreen works great! I was able to easily slide screens and easily touch where I wanted to go.The camera is amazing! It takes wonderful pictures! I can capture a shot, use the flash and there's even a neat feature where you can take multiple shots and choose which one to save. The pictures are crisp and clear. You don't have to be a photographer to take great pictures with this phone. The video feature is also very nice. It's fast to get to and you're recording within a few taps!The battery lasts me for almost a whole day. A day for me is 7 or 8am to around 9 pm or a little later. Of course, depending on your usage, you might have to charge it a little more than I do.Now my cons, but there's not many. The biggie for me was the apps. You can't get many of the popular apps like you can with other systems. I was disappointed when I went to download a few that I hear about from friends and I can't get them.Another thing for me was no space for a memory card. I would have loved to have a spot for a card so I could have my older pictures from my other phone. Plus, it's nice to have pictures on a memory card to easily get pictures printed out by a kiosk.Overall, I really like this phone! The size is very nice and easy to read! I would recommend it!

Cool device, nice choise ) I like it this Nokia Lumia 928. I want more colore this model. Greate Mobile

Phone is ok. OS is good. But Apps ecosystem is pretty much nonexistent. Can't even upload videos to YouTube after taking a video on the phone camera

Appearance: Looks nice and feels very solid. The matt texture on the back is very pleasing. I like the bevelled edges; it makes it easy to pick up off the table. The screen is bright and the colors are vivid. I also like it that all the buttons are on one side, it makes it neat and tidy and harder to press a button by mistake when picking up the phone.Camera: Quality of the camera/pictures is excellent. The flash is unbelievably strong and can light up all corners of a dark room. I like that there is a camera button on the side instead of just something on the screen like other smart phones. There are a multitude of photo-editing apps available.Windows8: The operating system is the biggie here as it is the interface between you and the phone. I'm not a great fan of Microsoft forcing Windows8 on desktops or laptops but it's great for mobile devices. It's easy and quick to learn and easy to customize. One thing I love is the return button. If you click something by mistake, you can simply hit the return button and go back, with Apple products you have to go home and then click the app again. Another thing I like is the search button, no need to find the app to search; the bad thing is that the search engine is Bing!The browser is fast and I can load up image/content heavy websites fast. Actually the whole phone is fast.Battery: Hard to say so far. It's supposed to be good, but I've been using the phone almost non-stop playing games and it's lasting less than a whole day. I like the charge port is at the top, seems more convenient that way. Unfortunately, you cannot remove the permanent battery for a fresh one. This means I will have to keep a charging cord with me while out and playing marathon games. But at least it doesn't use some kind of proprietary cable.Phone: Call quality is fine. This phone will be a good choice for Verizon customers.Apps: Migrating over from Apple products, some of the apps I use like Snapchat, Instagram, etc. are missing but that's the price of Windows. It was a long process to download the initial app because you have to go through a tedious initial set up. Update: There are some complaints about the lack of apps but I'm starting to find a lot of apps now, including an app that gives you Google. And I really like Nokia's Map Here which is even available offline.Overall very satisfied with it. The important things are that it's very fast and the operating system easy to learn. I give it 9/10, the 1 pt deduction being the permanent battery and on Amazon's 5 star rating system, that is still 5 stars.Update 1: The phone has also survived it's first drop on the floor.Update 2: 5 mins ago, the phone was dropped again by the same culprit, this time on its corner. The top part of that corner actually popped off about 1mm along the edge but we just popped it in again.

I have been an avid Android user for several years.  I have no desire to get an iphone.  I recently purchased the Nokia Lumia 928 for my birthday.  I have to say that I am totally in love with this phone!  It is such a delight to use.  The ease of use is amazing.  I had been using the Droid Razr, which I did like a lot.  The Android experience was getting boring to me and that's why I made the switch.  This phone takes the most amazing photos and with all the different lenses you get with it, you can't take a bad picture.  I highly recommend this phone.

I am lucky to be the first one to get a black phone from Verizon with a new ordered batch of phones. I loved this phone so much that I went ahead and added a new basic line to get this linked to my existing number. You would not be disappointed with this phone.

Was going to wait for the HTC One to come out  on Verizon. Then I seen this phone for $30 and ask myself why spent $200 on the HTC. Specs are good phone is fast no lag. Great camera! 170,000 apps! Got all I need and more.Nokia has great build quality. I drop phone without case and nothing  really happen to phone except for a small scratch. Love the OS! Everyone loves my phone when I show it to them. So I tell  everyone to get it. Hope that helps

OK, so the early production code name for this phone was the Verizon Laser. Too bad they didn't stick with ; ) it but I can understand why. This is the perfect business phone.The good (not necessarily in order of importance):1) Windows UI: So much better than android and iOS in my opinion. I upgraded from an iphone 4 which was also an awesome device, but the usability of the Windows Phone OS is so much better, fluid, and easier to manage. iOS just seemed clunky to use in my opinion, even after over a year of heavy use. The Windows phone OS is really a mix of iOS and Android, easier to use than Android but offers more flexibility than iOS.2) Skydrive: Not perfect yet but very awesome none the less. I'm using the Windows 8.1 preview on my tablet/laptop and Skydrive is integrated now into your document libraries. Auto upload of photos and documents from the phone are available through explorer in Windows 8 and vice versa. It's also handy to have skydrive available from a web browser. No more dropbox for me! It works very well and there was no setup required with the exception of having a Microsoft account.3) Nokia Exclusive Apps: Not enough is said about Nokia's app lineup. Photobeamer, the camera app, the augmented reality apps, all very cool and useful. Their GPS navigation app works very well and is fun to use.4) The camera: Top notch awesome photos, good zoom, easily the best camera I have played with on a phone. Night time photos look awesome as well thanks to the fancy flash.5) Office: Out of the box editing word, powerpoint, and excel on the go! Sure, you aren't going to build a whole business presentation on a phone, but making quick edits is very handy. The email app is far superior to android and ios for my business use.6)  Hardware: Very high quality! The screen is top notch, very vivid colors and deep blacks. Videos look amazing. The 928 can hold its own up to a Samsung Galaxy and iPhone. The buttons are well placed, the speaker is loud and clear. Calls are much clearer than my iPhone was. I really like the placement of all buttons on the phone as well. Good spacing and easy to access. I'll also note that it went flying out of my hand screen down into a gravel parking lot. After letting out a loud sissy squeak, I was relieved to find no visible scratches on the screen. Very impressive. With that in mind, cases for this device are pretty limited for now as well as the screen protectors.7) XBOX Live: True they don't have the selection of games that Android or iOS does, but the integration of your XBOX live account is very well done and fun to use. NBA Jam is really fun and the controls/touchscreen work great.8) I could go on about more little things I love about this phone but will cut it short. This is the only Windows Phone you should consider in my opinion. If you are an app fanatic, the Windows OS may not be a good choice yet as they grow the app store. I will say the apps they do have are high quality. For business use, the Nokia with Windows is the clear choice. I may be a little biased towards Windows as an admin, but also enjoy and respect Apple and Google's interfaces as well.The Bad:1) I really don't have any complaints yet after a month of use. A couple freeze ups (thankfully no blue screens!) easily fixed by a reboot.If you are considering this phone, GET IT. You will be satisfied.

I was unhappy with the battery life on my Galazy Nexus (Verizon) and decided to switch to a Windows Phone to try out the interface.  I really like the tile interface on the phone form factor.  I mostly text and read emails on my phone but the tiles make it easy to get updates on scores and news events.  The interface is very intuitive and most functions can be completed with just a thumb.Battery life has been outstanding so far.  I used to turn off 4G on my old phone to preserve battery but so far I have left it on with the Lumia 928 and easily get a full day of mixed usage.The one thing I thought I would miss from Android is the lack of LED alerting.  I like to keep my ringer off and get notification of new email, appointment,  text or phonecall based on the color LED.  This phone doesn't have that feature, however I am not missing it as much as I expected.  I generally leave the alerts on low volumne and they are sufficient to have me check my messages without being overly intrusive to those around me.The integration with Skydrive for the camera app is a nice feature that automatically backs up you photos to the cloud.  I was surprised that my favorites from IE on my desktop didn't sync like they would to my Surface tablet but I have missed this less than I thought because of the live tiles.  I suspect this feature will be added in the future.Overall I'm happy with the switch from Android and this platform seems to be a better fit for the way I use a phone.

The windows phone is new to me. The operating system appears to work well and the phone itself is very responsive and quick. It's easy to get use to the new layout as opposed to the Android that I'm use to. The only thing I don't like is that the phone is so symmetrical that you just can't tell which end is up by feel. You have to be looking at it and there must be light, because you need to be able to see the buttons on the side. It doesn't help that the buttons are the exact shade of black as the rest of the phone. I wish the buttons were white. Also the buttons are poorly placed so that you almost can't help but to press one just by holding the phone. Also, the phone is hard to hang onto. It's like a bar of soap. A little forethought could have gone a long way with this design. It would be a lot better if it were squared off and if it had something to distinguish the top from the bottom.

Still waiting on some apps that I use alot to show up in the windows market ,and the text / notification tone cannot be personalized. But other than that the touch screen is magnificent. And the speed and set up are great as well . But my favorite part is that it sync's with my windows 8 computer! Yes I recommend it to anyone,  new or familiar with smart phones!

Three ways the phone excels:- Fast OS / hardware / apps- Excellent camera- Nokia Here Apps suite(Also, wireless charging is an excellent feature.)1) The OS is silky smooth to use and is amply powered on this phone - the specs do not match the best Android phones, but they are more than enough to run the OS and the apps quickly. There is no lag. Every app runs and opens quickly. Shoot, nearly all of the apps look absolutely gorgeous on this screen.I have played a few games on this (Mass Effect: Infilitrator and Halo: Spartan Assault) and both games load really quickly and run well on the phone, although extensive high graphics gaming will drain the battery. Super fun games, by the way.2) The camera is just so so good. Video, photo, low light, high light, all good. It's only - only - weakness is if you're near a bright window, it always tends to make the subject dark. But, for the advanced photographer, it includes controls of Exposure, ISO, and white balance, as well as the typical &#34;scenes&#34; presets. With this you can overcome those problems. The flash is good too, but I normally choose to see the low-light power excel than use the flash.Add in Nokia's Photobeam, which lets you connect a slideshow of your phone's photos to any web browser on any screen, and it's a great photo suite. I haven't even touched Nokia's many Lens apps: burst shots, panorama app, etc.3) Nokia is awesome. Especially Here apps. Here Drive is their built in Turn-by-Turn voice navigation with OFFLINE function! So useful. Here Maps is just a plain good maps app, and if you want your direction in a viewable list, you use this.Here City Lens is a really cool app which lets you find stuff near you by just raising the camera, and it will list all local stuff in that direction. So. Nifty.The phone does all normal tasks super well, and it's special features just boost the quality of the phone. Nothing lacking here, I'd recommend anyone get it. When my mom is up for an upgrade I'll recommend a Nokia.

The phone is easy to use and provides a great communication tool.  The screen is easy to read.  The picture quality is amazing.  The camera button is easy to hit by accident.

Do NOT, I repeat, do NOT get any type of Nokia phone. I originally got an 800 series Nokia Lumia phone to replace my Blackberry. How I wish I had not! The first phone was a piece of s***. It broke within less than two months and I had my BB for over 3.5 years. Verizon replaced it with an upgrade - the 928 Lumia. What a disaster and a nightmare that is continuing today. I had that phone for less than two months when the touch screen stopped functioning on a Friday morning. Verizon sent me another promising a Saturday delivery but screwed that up and didn't get the phone until Monday late. Imagine my joy at their customer service! Then the backup assistant that was supposedly saving my contacts and pictures wasn't actually doing that so I couldn't download them to the new phone and had to go to a Verizon store to have it done. I was there for two hours and they couldn't do it either. Then tonight all of a sudden the tiles changed on their own to all black, which isn't even a theme, and I had to spend hours on the phone with Verizon yet again and finally had to restore the original settings to fix it.Again, I repeat, DO NOT PURCHASE A NOKIA LUMIA OF ANY KIND! They are pieces of crap and the software is glitchy and the touch screen unreliable. Don't make the same mistake I made.

The Bluetooth 3.0 on this phone is the best I have used yet.  I can stream from the Nokia Music App or the other popular streaming services and it shows the song info perfectly in my 2012 Toyota Prius.  It also does the Address book sync and the incoming text message to voice with spoken reply without a hitch.There are plenty of Apps in the store for my needs.  I love that I can play XBOX Arcade games that earn Gamer Points.I'm impressed on how I can adjust the size and placement of the tiles.The battery life is great.  I can talk on the phone during my 45 min commute one or both ways or stream music via Bluetooth both ways and I'll still have 3/4 battery left at the end of the day.So far I can't find fault with anything with the phone.  I love it!My only issue is finding a horizontal holster that it fits in.

I got the Nokia Lumia 928 because I really wanted to try out the windows 8 phone. I switched from the apple iPhone to this. I've also owned several android phones. I am very impressed with the quality of the pictures and videos with this phone. The clarity of the screen is amazing! I also love the color and how sleek this phone looks as well. Every time I use this phone in front of people, I get asked a thousand questions. I even got an offer for someone to purchase it from me. There is no chance that I would ever let go of this phone right now. I love how fast it is and the clarity is amazing.The one thing that disappointed me with this phone is that there are some apps that I used on my iPhone and androids that weren't available for the windows 8 phone, most of them were the ones that I downloaded for my grandson. If I was out with him, and I had to wait in line for any long period of time, I would just give him the phone and let him play with some of the games, and it would keep him occupied so he wouldn't be running all over the place. Other then that, the camera on this phone is amazing, and it out shines both i phones and android phone as well.

I love my Nokia 928. The Windows Phone 8 interface is so much cleaner than the Android phone I used to use.  Win Phone 8 may not have all the apps, but it has most of what I want. Plus unlike Android, I can easily and fully uninstall what I don't want.

I simply love this phone. NOKIA's reputation for building great hardware is legendary, and the masterful craftsmanship of the guys at NOKIA is evident in the DNA of this phone. I was pleasantly surprised at how slim the device was when I opened the package. Coming from an Android...clunky, lagging android, using this phone was like a breath of fresh air. The user interface is so simple. So easy to use. The battery life is great too. I used my last NOKIA phone in 2009 and in the years between then and now, I was unable to find a phone with a calendar/ events scheduler & manager that was half as good...and yes, I used the BlackBerry, iphone, and a high end Android phone and they all came up short. This is a lovely phone. If you are considering buying this phone, I would recommend going to an authorised retailer and take a live one for a spin. Please don't listen to vox populi. I had all my co- workers discouraging me from buying this phone. When I asked them if they'd used the phone, they all said NO. Do your own research and make up your own mind. You will definitely decide in favour of this phone.

Overall I love my Lumia 928. The UI is clean, smooth and easy to customize. The app store is constantly being updated, while it is lacking some of the more popular social apps, it has most business/ productive apps that one might need available. Normally I hate most auto corrects, but the auto correct for this phone is very smart and is even able to 'learn' what you type most often, and can even guess (generally very closely) the rest of a sentence you are typing.The one flaw with this phone is that there is a known defect that silences the person calling you. Things like blue tooth and speaker phone will still work, you just can't hold the phone up to your ear. This is an acknowledge defect and if you bring your phone in, you will be issued a like new refurbished phone for free.All in all I love this phone, but just know that the ear speaker may give out.

had one for six weeks and the earpiece stopped working. verizon overnighted a new one and ten days later had the same problem plus speaker phone malfunction and would not hold a charge. do not!! buy this phone

Upon first laying eyes on the Nokia Lumia 928, you will notice the incredible build quality. It feels extremely natural in your hands, and it is a great weight and size, although compared to other smartphones it is a tad large. However, the size of this smartphone allows for a flawless 1080p HD display. The display on this phone is excellent, and it can even be viewed well from angles or in sunlight. The most prominent feature of this phone is the camera. The Nokia Lumia 928 takes unbelievably clear pictures, videos, and panorama; they look better on the phone than they do in person! It has stabilizing picture technology, and even if you don't have a steady hand the pictures and videos will turn out great. The camera also works exceptionally well in the darkness, better than those of other smartphones. The microphones (there are multiple) all work together to provide a flawless experience, people on the other line report my voice sounding just like it does in person, and voice recognition has yet to fail for me. The Nokia Lumia 928 has ample storage space for all of your needs and it is easy to transfer files between your phone and computer. The speaker on this phone can easily fill a room, and I prefer that in the interface it measures volume on a scale of 1-30, so you are allowed far more customization.That brings us to the next point, the vast customization you are given on the Nokia Lumia 928. Thanks to Windows 8 on this smartphone, the home page is exactly how you want it. You can adjust how big and small tiles are, where they are, what color you want them, if you want them at all, and you can add as many tiles as you want. You can also pick whatever theme of colors you want on your phone, and you can change it depending on your mood. No other operating system can offer such a unique experience that fits around how you use your phone. It is extremely smooth, quick, and easy to use. Internet Explorer, the default internet browser on this phone, works just as well as its competitors on other smartphones. However, with the Windows 8 operating system comes the biggest flaw of this phone, the smaller library of applications in the store. Not all of your favorite applications from IOS and Android will be available in the Windows Store, although many of them or their counterparts are. Don't let this turn you away from this phone, all app core functionality of other smartphones is matched if not surpassed by the Nokia Lumia 928. All of the big name applications are supported anyway, (Skype, Netflix, Hulu, Pandora, Facebook, Twitter, etc.) and you will find that you could easily live without some of your past apps on other devices. If you happen to own an Xbox this phone works quite nicely in conjunction with it using Xbox SmartGlass. It is a cool feature, but it doesn't bring too much to the table. There's also a wide variety of games to pick from either on the Xbox Marketplace or on the Windows Store. This Windows Phone also offers Microsoft Office right out of the box which is nifty for editing documents. You won't find yourself bored or having a lack of options, for there are plenty of things to do.The Nokia Lumia 928 takes no time to get used to. The battery life will certainly hold; it will make it through a day's usage. Everything about this phone, whether that be its fast processor and operating system, unprecedented camera, or breathtaking display works together to give you the optimal experience. It is an all around supple phone, and it will serve you well for a couple of years.

This phone could not be worse!!  I got it from work, so I'm stuck with it.  It is sooooo frustrating.  iPhones and Androids have been out for years and both have learned lessons to improve their products.  Windows decided to ignore all of those lessons and decided not to include features that those phones have.  Instead they have decided to reinvent the wheel.  Do NOT buy a Windows Phone!!!!!

I am very happy with my Nokia 928  I wanted a Windows phone as I am familiar with Windows 8 &  8.1, and I am satisfied with my decision.  As I learn all of the available features, I become more and more satisfied with my decision.

I really wanted to like this phone.  I've been a long time Android user but was hoping to get everything under the Microsoft roof (Office 365 etc).  To its credit, the set up was easy.  I made and received a few calls and found the voice quality was not as good as my Android phone, but acceptable.  The big shock came when I went to my call history to check the duration of a call and could not find it.  A lengthy call to Verizon tech support and a quick internet search confirmed my fear that the call duration feature was not available!  This is a very basic feature I have had on every cell phone since the dawn of the cell phone era!  I think Microsoft get's unfairly picked on quite a bit, but this is a blunder that is inexcusable.  Even worse, the Windows Phone user forums have been BEGGING for this feature for YEARS!!!  My business relies heavily on the call time and duration from the call history because that's how I get paid.  Seriously Microsoft, you need to learn to walk before you can fly! The lack of call duration was a deal breaker for me and I had to return the Nokia Lumia 928.

I went in store to purchase mine. I like to feel something before I spend this much money on it.This is my first smart phone on a contract; from a basic phone paid month to month, to this. It was very easy to learn, and customizable.Things I didnt like:All of your apps except music are all in an alphabetical list if you swipe to the left. In Android and IOS, you can drag and drop icons and folders to group things. In Windows Phone 8, its all just there. You can pin apps to your main screen, but it can get cluttered if you have too many there. Ive got just enough to not have to scroll down at all.If you add something like facebook or hotmail, all of your friends information will be imported into your &#34;People&#34; tile. This is your address book. I removed facebook on here for that reason, I dont want 200 phone numbers in there when I only talk to a few people.The contract can be expensive, Ive got 500 mb a month plan and its 99.70 a month. I barely use 100 mbs, but some people will used more-------------------------Things I like:Camera is good, I think. The most advanced camera Id used before this was the iPod touch 4. Compared to that, this is like HD.Battery is AWESOME. I can make it 2 days with use throughout the days, before hitting 0. On constant battery saver mode, I can make it 3 - 4 days. Battery saver with music on at all times will drain it in about 24 - 32 hours.You can sync all of your microsoft accounts, like hotmail, skydrive, xbox live; all that, to your phone and check updates for those on here.All of the pictures you take are auto uploaded to your skydrive.Its got nice, comfortable edges. Not super rounded like samsung, and not rigid like a brick. I like how almost the whole front face is the screen; makes you feel like youre in the future.There is a bing search button built into the screen, next to the windows button. Sometimes it might get in the way, but its nice when you hear a song and youre thinking, &#34;Ive heard this, what is it?&#34; You can run your search and click on the music note, and it listens to tell you. Its been so far accurate with what ive tested it on.This is a Nokia so it comes preloaded with their apps. Nokia Drive is like a GPS, preloaded with 4GB of the USA maps.Im outside of Verizons area, so Im constantly roaming, and I get clear audio and immediate internet, even on my 500mb a month plan.

own it for half a year now. the phone is great.PRO: Camera lunches as i take the phone out of my pocket, ready to shoot when i have it in front of me.very very smooth in anything you do, despite the lower specifications.Had the windows 8.1 OS upgraded few times, each with great addition and still improving.Drain 2.5%-3.2% battery per hour on standby, which for not heavy use can last a really long time.CON: does have all essential apps, however i really do want some more apps...which are popular on other  platforms, then its slowly becoming essential.selection of case for this phone is also minimum. i guess i can't blame that on the phone itself.

I like the phone, but it doesn't have a self timer on the camera.  It is fast and easy to operate, but sometimes you feel limited on what apps you can get.  Overall the phone is pretty nice for the price, and it does take nice pics.

can you find any phone better than this? oblivisiluy the answer is no, this is best phone i ever used. i had iphone 4s, but in front lumia 928 phone just a junk

Hi, I have owned this phone for more than two weeks and I assume it is safe to write a review about the phone. My first smartphone was iPhone and then later switched to Android and now I own Windows phone. When switching loyalties from iPhone to emerging Android, ppl complained about fewer apps but I am glad I tried it and now from Android to Windows(so far 21days), I am really glad I tried Win OS.Regarding Phone: Mine is black Lumia 928. I absolutely love this phone. It captures vibrant pics, beautiful display and fantastic battery life(I only charge once a day and I can see 20% remaining when I charge my phone)Apps: There are 150,000 apps in Windows & all the basic apps which I have been using from iPhone - Android are available on this platform.So far I have not missed Android. Though the Navigation is Nokia Beta version, it is still quite accurate. Sound clarity is awesome and the UI is stunning.Cons: Heavier than the competitorsBottom Line:This phone Competes with iPhone5, Samsung 4 and HTC One.Every phone has Pro's and Con's. When I am getting a phone for $29 with most of the capabilities of it's class why spend $200 for other phones.You never know until you give it a try :)

This is the second WP8 phone I've used (the first also being a NokiaNokia 822, Black (Verizon Wireless)) and I've been blown away by the stability and smoothness of the OS. I've run this now for just over a month and only had to reset (power + down volume) 3 times when the OS froze after I asked too much. And I tried to hang the OS! Contrast this to iOS and Android where resets are normative, particularly on Android.Here are my observations:+Verizon's LTE blazes on this phone. I've run up to 8 other devices off of Hotspot and each device has run at multiple MBPS simultaneously. On tests, I've been routinely in the 6-10 MBPS down AND upload speeds. That's faster than most home networks. And unlike cable, which can peak higher, this service was consistent all times of the day.+Nokia's apps are the best. Here Drive+ (plus is free on Nokia phones) is a great driving app and works as good or better than iOS or Google's options. Here City Lens is an amazing app that adds augmented reality to your camera view - say you want to see where you can eat around you. Hold up your phone, select this app, and all the possibly destinations show up on your screen in the direction you are looking. If you find the one you want you can select it and then navigate to it. Nokia also does a great job of filling app vacuums with their own versions of the apps; they create third party apps like CNN, Groupon, FIFA 13, ESPN Fantasy Football, and so on.+The camera is amazing at 8.7 MP and looks even better thanks to the lenses. Nokia and Microsoft's camera apps make this already impressive camera even better. It can do everything that iOS, Android and even Blackberry 10 can do and most of it better. Panorama, Nokia's Cinemagraph (it makes gif like images where you select which parts of the photo to animate), Smart Shoot, and Photsynth are very well done apps all done by Microsoft and Nokia. Photo adjustment apps thrive with the great camera. The free Fotor is great for editing as well.+The OS is smooth, doesn't hang, doesn't freeze and multitasks as good as or better than any of the other OSs.+The Xbox integration is great. I love the games available and I love that many have Xbox achievements. If you are in to Xbox you'll want this. I can't tell you how many hours I played Shuffleboard to get the last achievement! I love Carcassonne, Civilization Revolution, and many of the Microsoft exclusive games available.+Almost all the apps I need are available on WP8. Facebook, Evernote, LinkedIn, Twitter, My Fitness Pal are all first party apps. Other companies have done a fine job of bringing over other apps until the official ones are made. So I still have access to Pinterest, Wordpress, Vine, Google Play Music, Instagram, and my banks.+I love the integration in the ME tile with Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn. It gives me quick ways to see and share with all my friends and acquaintances.-Battery life on the 928 is no better than your average Android phone. Some Windows Phones do have better battery life but not this one. However, it is not worse than any Android either. Just have a charger nearby. Especially for gaming.-Games are too expensive. Some very basic games, like Monopoly from EA, are normal price $4.99. Most of the games are free or a dollar, like all the Angry Bird and Cut the Rope games, but some are way overpriced. I expect this to change as more games come out. And to be clear, some are worth it. Plants vs Zombies is worth $4.99 and Order & Chaos is worth $6.99 (same as on the other OSs.)-Some obscure apps are not yet available. I really miss Sketchbook Pro (Android) for drawing, but the very well done Fresh Paint app by Microsoft is great for painting.-As of this review, there aren't a ton of great protection options. I've used three different cases and none are as good as an Otterbox. I spoke to an Otterbox rep this week and they were unclear when one would be coming. They don't historically make Nokia cases. But as this phone model continues to sell and Nokia gains back market share I expect this to change.This is a great phone for techie people, gamers, photogs, and for those who just want a phone that works. You'll love the simplicity of the OS and how easy it is to do what you do most.

Nokia's Lumia 928 is pretty much the big high end Windows Phone 8 phone right now.  As such, it's unsurprisingly a pretty great phone.  Nokia's always been known for good reception.  The screen is high quality and a pretty nice size (I'm increasingly leaning towards liking even larger screens, but 4.5" isn't bad).  It's got tech in it for dealing with sun glare, and is supposed to work even if you're wearing gloves (though I haven't tried, since...well, it's 85 degrees out!)  The CPU/GPU/RAM are all high end.  (You can get quad core CPUs on high end Android phones, but I've found Windows Phone 8 seems to be a much faster OS-it feels fast even on the low end Nokia 521, much less this 928, and I doubt much software actually takes advantage of more than 2 cores on mobile devices like this)  It's also got a great camera-apparently the best low light performance of any phone.  CNET's pictures show it clearly better than even HTC's One or Apple's iPhone 5, and it absolutely destroys Samsung's Galaxy S4.  The camera even has a xenon flash, which is incredibly rare for a phone.One of the things I love about both iOS and Windows Phone 8 as compared to Android is how the OS doesn't come mucked up by a third party skin running over the top, like most android phones do.  Besides giving phones a consistent interface, this also means Windows Phones can get updates faster-the updates don't have to be customized so much for every phone, the way they do for most Android devices.  Instead of obnoxious custom skins, Windows Phone manufacturers are allowed to include custom programs, either on the phone, or available in the "app" store, which only run on that manufacturer's phones.  Nokia by far has the most and best programs available for their phones.  My favorite by far is Nokia's "drive" program, which is basically the equivalent of TomTom's software on iOS or Android, only Nokia gives it to you free.  Maps get installed on the phone itself, so you don't waste data doing navigation, and navigation works even if you don't have a data connection.  I'm not sure that Nokia's program is as good as TomTom's, but it still works pretty well, and is an amazing bonus for free!I personally like Windows Phone 8 quite a bit.  I think WP8's start screen is quite a bit better than iOS or Android's.  "Tiles" are kind of the equivalent of program icons on iOS or Android, but there are three tile sizes.  You can also pin things like individual contacts to the start screen as a tile.  In my case there are two people I contact most often, so I have both pinned as tiles right on the start screen, and any calls or texts or emails from them show up on the tiles, separately from the main phone or texting program.  Things like that make Windows Phone really customizable compared to the competition.  "Live tiles" are kind of neat too, although mostly the Weather Channel program is the only one that I use that actually updates with anything particularly useful (since programs on iOS can update with the number of new texts/voicemails, etc. also).  From the start screen, a quick swipe to the left pulls up an alphabetical list of all programs installed on the phone.  The interface is generally just very intuitive and clean.The email, texting, web browser, etc. are all good too.  Pretty intuitive, fast, and work like you'd expect.There are a lot of there little things I like about WP8 too.  The lock screen can use the Bing Desktop picture-like a smaller version of the same picture you can get on a Windows PC every day can just automatically gets used as your lock screen, which is a LOT more interesting and appealing than what Android and iOS do.  Even the way the lock screen kind of bounces is intuitive and appealing.  It's just small things here and there that really make Windows Phone pleasant to use, particularly compared to Android...it just feels a lot faster and more intuitive.I had a funny moment a week ago where my friend's android phone's network connection was refusing to work, while I'm just talking to my phone to pull up movie listings.  I felt like we were in some kind of Windows Phone ad lolOne thing I DON'T like about WP8-for whatever reason, the time and reception bars at the top tend to be hidden more often than on iOS.  I suppose Microsoft's thinking is that that gives you more screen real-estate.  True, and maybe it's just psychological, but I prefer seeing the reception bars, battery, and time up there most of the time.  A quick swipe down from the top, but still.  iOS programs CAN hide that bar, but most programs (outside of games or full screen video) tend to leave it up there.  The other oddity-for some reason there's no way to lock screen orientation.  That can be useful (for example) to prevent the screen from rotating if you're lying in bed and trying to read something.  I think individual programs can include screen orientation lock though.Also, for me, iOS handles podcasts FAR better than anything else.  Android has no native podcast ability at all, and there's no good way to manage podcasts on a PC and sync, like what iTunes gives you.  Windows Phone 8 is better, though still nowhere near as good as iOS.  WP8 has podcast management built in to the phone-you can subscribe to stuff, have it auto-download when you're on Wifi, etc.  Problem is, there's still not a great way to sync it with a PC if you want to.Files can be manually copied between a PC and windows phone just like to any drive, and Microsoft does have a pretty nice, easy to use "Windows Phone" program for syncing files (available as both a Windows 8 "app", and a more full featured desktop version for any version of Windows).  That program even lets you synchronize with iTunes if you want to, but in my experience it's not flawless, the way it would be syncing an iPod/iphone, at least for podcasts.  Playback position doesn't get saved right.  Play counts don't seem to work quite right, etc.  At least it runs well...honestly every single Android syncing equivalent has been a mess, often even containing malware, and never working right.  At least this desktop program is light weight, easy to use, and built by Microsoft.  I think MAYBE if you ONLY wanted to have podcasts on your phone, then Windows Phone would work roughly as well as an iPhone.  Or of course if you only care about syncing music, it should work just fine.  I don't like the Windows Phone media player as well as iOS', but still, it more or less gets the job done as you'd expect, and has lock screen controls like iOS, etc.  (I do wonder if the 8.1 update coming later this year will make some of this stuff even better).I'll mention that while Windows Phone lags behind iOS and Android in terms of the total number of programs available, I've actually found more programs on it I care about than on Android.  Most of the "big" stuff seems to be here.  A lot of the same games are available, although iOS is still best for that.  (It is cool that games can have achievement points just like Xbox and PC games.)  I'm sure it'll keep getting better, but really most everything I want is already available, though obviously that may not be the case for everyone.  It's worth mentioning that when you download programs for Android, Google gives out your personal info to the developer.  Microsoft (and I guess Apple?) don't, which I appreciate, and which is another reason I like Windows Phone better than Android for programs.I'll probably think of other things to say about it all, but bottom line is I mostly really love my Nokia Lumia 928, and mostly love Windows Phone 8.  I really wish it could match iOS for podcast support, but for the most part it's pretty awesome, and well worth considering.

Nokia is really pushing the Windows Phone 8 system with great hardware and software. This is the first phone I have ever had with such a clear screen in direct sunlight. I work outdoors, not in an office, and readability of the screen is great. The camera and built in sky drive storage is great, you can take a picture and in just a few seconds it is in your sky drive, no need to manually upload or anything. The battery on the phone is also good, most days it will last 8+ hours with no extra charging.I do not use many apps but the ones I wanted are here, Skype, Netflix, Pandora, Microsoft Office, Facebook, and USA Today.If you use a Windows 8 PC the syncing with Sky drive is great, the only real cons for the phone is the limited number of cases to choose from and no real otter box type rugged cases.

I recently got the phone and generally love it.  The OS is also good for the most part.  However, anyone considering a Windows Phone, including Lumia 928, should be aware that it is extremely difficult and unpleasant to manage your music and videos on the phone.  Basic functions like creating a playlist, adding and deleting songs from a playlist or watching a video you purchase through the XBox media platform (or any other platform) is extremely annoying if not impossible on a Windows Phone.  Just check out the forums before you decide if managing your media on your phone is important to you at all.

I purchased a Nokia 928 two weeks ago. I have a POP 3 email account that I connect to. I have 2 email accounts that I check. I check email on 2 laptops, 1 tablet, 1 phone. I found after a week that the Nokia 928 was deleting the emails from the server and that I could not get those emails on my other devices once deleted on the server. (My 3 year old HTC Droid did not do this) I called Verizon service who did not understand the problem and started reading to me from the manual, which I had and read prior to calling. I told him I had already read that and did he have a secondary source of reference. He said no and determined that the problem was with Nokia. He didn't ask any questions or offer to troubleshoot the issue. Instead, he gave me Nokia's number and didn't offer to guide me or stay with me or asked me to get back to him - sort of like, "It's not my problem, see you later."  Excellent support Verizon and excellent support training. BTW, the Nokia 928 is Verizon's flagship product. You would think they would be more interested.I called Nokia who listened, didn't understand the problem, and said it was not their problem and sent me to Microsoft. Again, Nokia expressed no interest in my problem or the fact that I was having a problem and no questions about the issue. Nokia gave me Microsoft's number, which as it turns out is a general support desk number for Windows 8. I had to go through two transfers to get to the right group.Microsoft listened and said it was not their problem and sent me back to Nokia. I said no, it was a software problem and Nokia said they didn't make the software. I went through the problem again and the person didn't try to ask me questions or do any other troubleshooting.  I was sent to another phone support number in Microsoft that turned out to be "Supplemental Parts" support and the guy said sorry he couldn't help me, didn't know why I was sent to that number,  and didn't know who I should call.It appears that Verizon can't technically support the Nokia 928 and faced with a support issue it doesn't understand, it blamed Nokia without actually knowing it was or was not. As the primary support for its products, I would expect Verizon to take charge of the problem and get back to me with a solution instead of making me responsible. I'm not sure that Nokia or Microsoft are responsible for direct support to a customer for a Verizon product but I expected more from them in terms of analysis or troubleshooting. Not one of the three companies offered any real support that one would expect.This all took about 45 minutes of me having to make the calls and get shuttled back and forth. I finally called Verizon back and said I want my old phone back, which they did. I am very disappointed in the whole support experience and expected much more. It seems that for Verizon, Nokia, and Microsoft that support is not a critical element in the customer lifecycle and if you have one or two disappointed customers, it is cheaper than offering real support staffing.

This is my first winphone.......I love my first windows phone.  I work with a bunch of driod heads and I pulled this baby out and all of them swarmed to see what I had. Some of them were kind of jealous the others were like "bet you got s*** for apps" I showed those guys how it was linked to my xbox live account and had xbox games in my downloads. Granted I miss some of the apps that I had on my moto HD but this one has made up for it in the terms of being able to sync with all of my windows devices at home whether I'm at home or not. It doesn't have an SD card slot..which I read in a review and it kinda scared me, but it has 30gigs of internal storage.....it doesn't need the sd slot...lol I was taken back by that like "whoa 30gigs internal in a phone...woot" I've also had connection where other people with the same carrier had none so it has a very sensitive antennae with fast refresh it seems cause if I found that "sweetspot" and moved it lost a bar or two. Battery life is solid, charges a bit slow, but holds power for 2 days if you aren't using it a lot. Great phone for first time windows phone users, not sure how previous winphone users would take this one. It's all about what you want your phone to do and this does it for me VERY well. Great buy 5/5 for me

I have been using an Android smart phone for a couple years now. Specifically, it's an LG Optimus M. It was pretty impressive when I got it, but it's worn out its welcome. It's not really all that smart, and I'm sick to death of the storage issues.I knew I wanted a new phone and was thrilled when Vine offered me this one. Wow. This is really an outstanding phone. It is more like a tablet or laptop than any phone I've used. The technology is astonishing.I am particularly impressed with the high quality camera and videos. This is a phone that you can actually watch TV shows, Netflix, etc. on.I am familiar with Windows products, though I have not yet purchased Windows 8. Still, I was up and running quickly and found most of the functions to be intuitive. This is, however, a Windows product, so there were the inevitable glitches that happen with all Microsoft products.Ultimately, it's worth it. This is a fine phone and one that should keep me happy for a long time.Other than the occasional Windows issues, I wish an expensive item like this came with a screen protector and a minimal case to protect it. Also, there are nowhere near the number of apps that are available for the iPhone and Android phones. Hopefully, that will change, but my nagging worry is that Windows phones will never catch up to these other types of smart phones.But right now all is well, and I have the coolest phone of anyone I know.

After owning Motorola android smartphones for years, I came to expect slow and buggy operations and defective hardware and a complicated and inconsistent user interface. I saw this and thought I would try something new.This is a fantastic phone that is actually stable. It is fast, good-looking, and inexpensive. And again, best of all, it's stable!I will never go back to Android again. Windows is designed to work out of the box, and it does.If you are hesitant to buy this because of the "lack of apps" on windows phone, then either you are in the &lt;1% of users that pay for esoteric apps or you are misinformed. Every major application is available on this platform as well. Pretty much whatever you want to do, there's an app for that. And it actually works.

Windows phone OS and Nokia 928 hardware are very superior. Apps are not of that good quality. ex: Facebook App on iPhone is lot better.

I've had an IPhone and most recently I had a Samsung phone so I was looking forward to checking out what this Nokia Windows phone had to offer.  I've owned this phone for a little over a month and so far I am impressed with the overall package.The Windows OS was VERY easy to learn.  Took me about 30mins just playing around with the phone to be fully confident that I could preform any task that I needed to with the phone.  I was also surprised to find that pretty much all of the Apps that I used were available on the Windows App Store (I went the Windows App Store website to check). The only exception was my bank which turned out to not be a problem because I just Pinned a Tile (placed a shortcut) of the bank's website to my home page. App problem solved!What I was most excited about and also most concerned about with a Windows phone were the Live Tiles. For things like the weather, stock, and even the dictionary.com word of the day, information just pops up without having to open an App to see it.  This works beautifully and most Apps have an option to use the Live Tiles in someway or another.  I thought that with all my Apps updating live my battery would die quick and my 1GB data limit would be used up even quicker but I found that I could control if I wanted an App to update and I could also control the frequency so I haven't had a problem at all with either the battery life or with excessive carrier data usage (btw I haven't gone over my data limit yet because I download the major stuff via Wifi and use it while I'm out)Now as for the device, Nokia did a wonderful job creating this phone.Things I liked (LOVED).1. Offline turn by turn navigation- Nokia HERE maps and HERE drive (don't know HOW it works but I've set my phone to airplane mode and used the GPS many times already. Mainly to see if it would work as advertised...Needless to say, the Nokia passed with flying colors).2. Offline streaming radio playlists. So I love listening to music but I take trains where I don't have service so Nokia's Music App let's me download either a pre-made or created playlist to my phone for FREE so I can listen to music even without service.3. Wireless charging!4. The photos are awesome; especially for low light.5. I've already dropped this phone about 6 times now without a case and it still doesn't have a scratch.What I dislike about the phone1. The look of the calendar, I wish that the stock calendar App had slightly bigger font for the month view like the Apps you can get from the Windows App store.2. Wish that I could download my voicemail messages without get charged a monthly fee. (I think that's a Verizon thing)3. The media volume should be separated from the ringer volume. But I hear that is being updated shortly.All in all I love this Nokia phone.

This is a great phone.  My husband loves how it integrates with his business software.  He says he would highly recommend this phone.

I won't lie, I am a Microsoft fan. From Windows 3.1 to Windows 8, I've used and enjoyed their operating systems over the years. When Pocket PC came out, I snatched it up in the form of a Dell Axim and eventually joined it together with my phone in the form of Windows Mobile. Windows Mobile, quite frankly, had issues. It was quite prone to lockups and awkward user experiences. Despite the fact it was quite customizable with ROM's and had good support for a while, when iPhone and eventually Android came around, it was outdated. So I kept my eye on the upcoming Windows Phone 7. And while I liked what I saw, I decided to go with Android and enjoyed the Android experience for a good while. I also had a worked issued iPhone5 but I just never cared for the iPhone's interface and having "every app" wasn't an issue for me. Enter Windows Phone 8. Just a few days with it and I am SOLD!Where to start? First up, I love the hubs! Once you are used to how the hubs work, it makes perfect sense. All of your games are in the Games hub, which is heavily XBOX connected and themed. Photos Hub not only shows you photos and videos on your phone but also from SkyDrive and Facebook. In addition, you can slide over and see any photo updates on your preferred social networks and also see any camera/photo related app. Hubs rock!I am already a big fan of Family Rooms. Create a family room and anyone with a Windows Phone can join and then the fun begins. You can share pictures, have group text messages, share OneNote's and keep things like grocery lists in sync. You can have shared calendars as well. The only thing missing are shared TASKS. You can also create multiple Family Rooms. Very nice option.The start screen and live tiles are a joy to use and while not as robust as Android, you can come up with a lot of customizations. You have three sized of tiles that you can use. Small for easy to group apps and ones you don't need live files for. The mid-size for standard functional live tiles and a third that will show the full, rectangular live tile. I use the largest for Facebook, Photos and a few other apps that I like to have the largest live tile for.Apps. Yeah, to win people over from the app heavy iPhone or Android, you've got to have apps. I once saw someone who couldn't wait to get this phone but because there was no OFFICIAL Instagram, they went to iPhone5. That said, if you don't have to have every app or official apps, you will be happy. I cannot name one app that I really miss from Android. If there isn't an app for it, the excellent Internet Explorer 10 browser works just fine.If I have to give it one negative, and it is a BIG negative, it would be media, namely music. I was a Zune fan and owned both the original and ZuneHD. While not perfect, the Zune Software was really good and I still use it often to listen to music (and sync my Zune.) I know cloud based services are the coming thing but with the big cellular providers limiting data these days, it makes little sense that there isn't an easy way to sync music. I have an XBOX Music Pass (9.99 a month for unlimited music streaming/downloads) and while it comes in handy for a quick find and listen to a streaming album (or even a direct download to the phone), there is no easy way to manage playlists. I actually have to use Windows Media Player and then download the Windows Phone DESKTOP app to sync music directly to my phone. And even then, album art is spotty (there is a great app to fix the album art problem) and music rights verification problems come up. So, if you decide to stream your XBOX Music, it is a hit and (mostly) miss experience. Album art has even more problems when playing music in the cloud and cloud based music has a hiccup on every song when there is 5 seconds left in the song. In addition, managing your cloud music is a mess. Not that Google Music was great but it was far better than this at cloud music management. Suffice to say, XBOX Music needs a lot of work, especially if you are going to win iTunes users.The phone itself is very snappy and I've had no issues with it. The camera is everything they say and it is quite amazing. I don't feel upset if I leave my SLR camera at home.As a power user, I thought I'd miss the direct file level access I had with Android. So far, I haven't. I am a heavy SkyDrive user and it comes in handy.I have to say I am now a Windows Phone fan and I don't see myself leaving it anytime soon. I don't care for the iPhone user interface and between lockups and horrible OS upgrade options with Android, I don't see myself going back to Android. If you are willing to leave the mainstream and take a chance on a phone that gives you an amazing experience, you can 't go wrong with Windows Phone and the Nokia Lumia 928.

There are two aspects to the Nokia Lumia 928, the hardware aspect and the software aspect. Software wise, this phone runs the Windows Phone 8 OS. This OS is very different in structure than IOS for the iPhone. For example, while iOS greets you with a list of your apps (which can extend across several screens) the Windows Phone OS greets the user with a bunch of colorful square shaped icons that represent various parts of the OS, for example there is a square for games, and a square for maps and things that the designers of the OS feel that a user would want to have at their fingertips. To get to the apps list you swipe sideways to the list of apps and then scroll up and down to the app you are interested in launching. I don't see any point in comparing and contrasting the iPhone and the Nokia Lumia from a which is better standpoint, I think it is sufficient to point out that their layout is somewhat different. Personally, I think I could get used to the Windows Phone 8 UI but I will probably be keeping my iPhone simply because there are more apps for the iPhone at this point. If the Windows Phone 8 takes off, I am sure there will be more apps for this phone in the future though.In regards to the hardware, the OLED screen is great; the screen is brighter and bigger than my iPhone screen and a real treat to use. The Nokia Lumia has more hardware buttons that the iPhone. There are 3 buttons the bottom, a back button a home button and a search button. There are also 3 buttons on the right hand side of the device and this is where I ran into problems using the phone. I am left handed so I hold the phone in my right hand an navigate with my left hand. The problem is, my right palm would frequently press the button on the lower right of the phone and launch the camera. Since the camera takes a few seconds to load and then a second to turn off, this became somewhat frustrating.I should note that if you are a Mac user you can still use the Nokia Lumia on the Mac, there is a free app you have to download from the Apple App Store, that serves the same purpose for Mac users as the App Store part of the Windows iTunes application does for Windows users of iPhones.

I really like this phone thus far. I really like Nokia in general. I think Nokia is a goo brand to choose, also the windows phones are very very popular in Europe, Americans don't seem to get it.  I find the interfacing really fun, easy to customize and I really like the camera. I find that I accidentially hit the camera button all the time. For this reason I prefer the Nokia Lumia 900, but Verizon wouldn't let me use my unlocked 900 b/c it had am at&t logo. So, I found this one for cheap if I continue my contract for another 2 years. I am really happy I was able to get a the next version lumia from Verizon. They have such a crummy selection in store, only the very expensive ones, and the clerks in store are so rude where I live.  I am very happy with my online experience. I just wish I didn't have to pay for a data plan since it is possible to use the phone with data disabled.

I have an iPhone 5 for personal use but got a 928 for work after a bad experience with a Samsung phablet.  I have to be honest: my expectations were low.  Based on reviews I'd seen, I'd expected a clunky interface that I'd only use for email (the integrated native office was a huge selling point for me).  I could not have been more wrong.  Let's go over the plusses:1) The screen is gorgeous2) The camera blows away iPhone 5 or 5S3) The OS is usable immediately and, after a week or two of practice, as intuitive and elegant as iOS4) The native Office is a HUGE plus for work5) Phone quality is good; if any people still buy phones for their phone function6) The Apps are surprisingly good albeit limited in number.  Some apps (airline apps for example) work and look better on Windows than they do on iOS.  But there just aren't that many of them.And that's the only negative I can see here, and the only thing that would keep me from going to a Windows phone for my personal device.  That, and that all my music is in iTunes.  But I'd wholly recommend this phone for anyone looking for a superior professional smartphone, or anyone who is deeply embedded in the Windows OS.

Thin, light, big screen, and fun OS. No complaints so far. Works way better than the HTC phone it replaced.

Ok, I have been an Apple freak for years.  This year I decided I wanted something different as the IPhones have gotten a little mundane and boring.  Even the new IPhone5S and ios7 was looking same old same old.  So I tried the Galaxy S4.  Had it for about 4 months and hated it.  Build quality was poor, battery performance was horrendous, and the screen was nearly invisible outside on a bright day, and totally invisible when I had my polarized sun glasses on.  Gave it to my daughter who loved her S3.  So I picked up the Nokia 928 Windows 8 Phone.  The phone has been awesome. Build quality is far better than the Galaxy S4 and has none of the screen visibility problems of the S4.  I can see the screen clearly in full sunlight and even with my polarized sunglasses.  Battery life is awesome, all day and will into the next with heavy use.  S4 could only make it to bedtime, well, that's when I like to play a few games/watch videos and the 928 still has the juice to get me through.  S4 never could do that.  As far as Windows Phone 8 OS, well it is fast and flawless.  I love it and the tiled interface is fresh, new, easy to use and very practical.  If Windows Phone 8 doesn't become #1 or #2, I'll be shocked. IMO it blows the doors off ios and android.  Now I am not an app junkie so the catching up that has to take place with the Microsoft app store collection is not a problem for me and no doubt they will catch up and get better.  So far everything I have wanted was there or there was a very satisfactory alternative.  I don't think I'll ever go back to ios or android.

I loved this phone. Too bad the glass going all the way to the edges and the square corners meant that it broke. Repeatedly.
