
I would recommend this phone to anyone looking for a great, good looking, easy to use, do everything for you, smartphone. I had to take it to the Sprint store for help setting up my email account (that was a personal problem not a phone problem) and I asked the tech there what phone he recommended when asked for a recommendation and the HTC One is the one he said that out sells the iPhone in this area. I am very happy with my choice and it's a lot easier to use than the EVO was. If I could give this phone more than five stars I would!!

Definitely made the right choice  when I  bought this phone.  Sound  is amazing,  the resolution is awesome and it is super fast.  the camera takes great pictures and comes with a bunch of  options and effects. I  would definitely recommend it to anyone looking for an upgrade

Great phone! Best audio!  The sound is great and the music is very clear! I definitely recommend this phone to music lovers and others!

Great image quality for both front and back cameras. 1080p screen is sharp. Fast processing. 32 gb of storage is plenty of storage for me.

Works much more effectively than the Samsung Galaxy it replaced.

my son so much love the fone and its cool. will love others to have it and might go for it again for my spouse during her upgrade.

First off, i got it for 1.  Can't beat that.  It came in, worked great for a few days, then I started having connectivity issues.  Called customer service.  They got me a return label right away.  I shipped the defective unit back.  As soon as it was scanned at the ups store, i got confirmation that the replacement had shipped, and had my new phone the next day.  I've been happy ever since.

As a previous HTC owner (Evo), I have always enjoyed the setup and feel of their phones. I tried the feel of other phones, but wasn't happy with what they offer. This phone is fast! And it delivers exactly what you expect. Although I wasn't sure of not having the option of the SD card on the 32G version; thinking I would lose photos, etc., the instant upload to my Google cloud eased my worries. I love this phone!The only drawback is a case. I use a Trident product that well protects the phone, but adds what feels like a foot in width and heighth and a good three pounds in weight. There are other cases that may make the phone more sleek, but I need extensive protection.Overall, for me this phone is the &#34;One&#34;. Ok...that's dumb. At least I didn't quote the Highlander....Wait...yes, I did.

Screen and audio were tremendous! loved the beats ear-bud/mic for calls/mp3. Maybe cuz I've got sprint? Seemed buggy and errors posting on FB and a few other apps. I'm not root-savy, the lag was annoying too. Quad core.. lag? seriously? that was why i returned it. Maybe the silver one didnt have same lag & glitchyness. I gave it about 10days and still not sweet on the android system. Kinda leery the apps..can have malware who is checking them first? U have to install b4 u scan android apps. Went back to my 4S brick.

This was my first time upgrading through Amazon. I was skeptical, because it seemed like it would be too good to be true, but it was great. It's very easy. The only thing that I don't like is that the upgrade fee didn't post to my account until a month after I upgraded--which has nothing to do with phone, or Amazon, but I thought it was worth mentioning for people using the upgrade option.I love the phone. Great size, and the screen is very responsive.

This was the perfect phone to choose from. I absolutely love music and the front-facing speakers make listening to music very high quality. And 32GB goes a long way for storing apps and lots of music. The phone is super fast for playing graphic-intense games and very responsive. So overall, if I had the chance to buy this phone again, I would!

This is my third consecutive HTC phone and one again they have lived up to and surpassed expectations. It's every thing you need it to be.

This phone is amazing.  Google Now and Blinkfeed make it so easy to keep up with everything, and it functions so well.  Super quick to load things, can have multi-task with no lag.  Fantastic phone.

Switching from iOS to Android was a tough decision.  However, the HTC One has been a device which has been impressive.  Very happy with the performance.

so many issues with the s3/s4  i switched to the htc . I am perfertly happy with the choice . no  more crashesand the speed of the htc is fast . i have found only one issue you can not put a memory card in htc . however loads of memory in this little phone .

I  wish that I had stuck with my GalaxyS2. It was older but I liked it much better.

This phone is a must buy. The build quality is second to none, the screen is the sharpest you will find, the UI looks clean and modern, and the camera takes great photos despite of it using 4MP. Battery life is OK, not eyeopening but good enough. The front facing camera also takes excellent photos and is so wide that I was able to fit four (yes four) people while I was videochatting with friend. HTC has also done a fantastic job updating the device to the latest version and doing it on time with the deadlines they state. For the price it is being sold at, you will love it.

3rd best phone in 2013.Quality is on par with Apple.  Free was my deciding factor for top five phones. Overall happy with choice.

Fast & furious. Apple phones don't compare. Looks is the best and it feels like a phone. Not like the S4.

thank you..my fone is excellent...and I truly truly enjoyed the services of  amazon.....that was my first time......and it wont be the last.  I am not one to shop online...but...alllllll the wonderful service your company extended....just made my day..I have already have told my friends and coworkers to get their phones on amazon...because its the best deal in town!!!!!!!

I had this phone for 2 weeks and the phone is great.  It has all kinds of bells and whistles and they work pretty well.  I really liked the design of the phone.  What I didn't like was the reception for the Cell service and the Wi-Fi.  I don't know if its the aluminum case or not, but my reception at home and work was not great.  I couldn't even stream Pandora without it stopping ever couple of minutes.  Maybe I had a defective one, or something along those lines, but I was not impressed with the connections.  I tried to move it around, hold it in different spots, and nothing helped.  Just be cautious that if you have Sprint, like me, and your reception is already not great, this phone wont help anything.

I did my research before buying this phone and it is fantastic! Very smooth, no lag what so ever. The audio on this phone is amazing! The headphones that come with the phone is also great, better than I thought they would be . Overall I give this phone a A+ well made by HTC .

I upgraded from the HTC EVO Design 4G, and what a difference! Since I got this phone, my usage of my laptop has actually dropped sharply! It's a very powerful device. The screen is great, and response is snappy. The sound is good, stereo being a nice touch, but... well, it sounds about as good as any laptop out there. Mine does seem to lose track of it's SIM card from time to time, but other than that, I have no complaints. It also takes very nice pictures, though I somewhat feel like the Design I had before might have actually had a slight overall advantage in this regard, but they're also different types of cameras. The lack of ability to add a memory card sucks too. But, there's PLENTY of room on there without it, so I can't complain too much.TL;DR - I recommend this phone. to the highest degree possible.

I love this phone don't really have any complaints. It takes great pictures and video as well. No complaints here.

This is by far the best phone I've owned so far.  I've been loyal to samsung products for along time... you just can't beat the screens on those, but this one over all is the best constructed device I've ever had.

Great phone, wicked fast, kit Kat and sense 5.5 are a hell of an upgrade from my EVO 4G LTE

I upgraded from an HTC Evo 4G LTE to this phone last month.  I've been a big fan of HTC phones and I even planned on getting a Galaxy S3 or S4 recently but couldn't pass up on the deal Amazon gave for this phone at the time.As a gamer I enjoy reading articles about what's going on in the industry and this phone helps out quite a bit by allowing me to set the home screen to display gaming news articles from some of my favorite sites.  At first I thought I wouldn't care for the home screen and after making a few modifications (not allowing FaceBook posts to appear...primarily) it turned out great!The phone is fast and after a month and loading all my favorite apps and games it's still as fast as it was when I unboxed it.  It has 32G of onboard storage and no way to increase that via SD card.  If you use some cloud storage apps (DropBox) for photo and video storage it certainly helps keep your storage space wide open.  I've put about 10 albums of music on here and with my 20-30 apps I've only used between 2 to 3 gigs of space.One of the best features this phone has is the dual front speakers.  This thing gets loud and it's amazing!  I listen to music on my phone when I run on my treadmill and I have almost no problems hearing it unless I crank it up past 7mph...and that's impressive.  I recently jacked this thing into some external speakers when I run and the sound output is crazy loud at max volume...so loud that I have it under half volume and it's nearly loud enough to drowned out the treadmill.  The other feature in the music app on the phone is the visualize part which scrolls the lyrics to most new albums as they're sung.  So if you can run and sing at the same time this is great!  Exhausting...but great.The only thing that I've been slightly weary about is the 4MP camera.  Yes it is no ordinary camera technology because it uses enhanced low light tech, and you can use the Zoe feature, but sometimes a simple camera shot doesn't seem as great as it could be.  I may just be used to the 8MP on the 4G LTE, but most pics turn out great and you have the Zoe feature to help ensure you get at least one good picture every time you take a shot.Gaming apps run really well on this phone and I haven't had any problems with them yet.  I know the S3-S4 is probably the better option for mobile gamers...I'm not a huge mobile gamer (at least not on phones).  But if you don't want a giant 5&#34; screen phone, this is a good choice for you.  The size is perfect for people with average to smaller hand sizes and the phone feels amazing.  The casing is smooth and overall just wonderful feeling.  I can't explain it very well; you'd be better off picking one up and trying it for yourself!  I'm 96% positive you won't be disappointed!

I have no complaints after upgrading from an Evo. It has group text messaging which was very important to me. The Battery lasts all day. Great camera which compares to the Iphone. Make sure you get a case..it is very delicate!

Previous HTC EVO 3D user. Extremely satisfied with this product. Ease of use in activating this phone. Liked the product for the RAM and storage capability

The HTC One is probably the best phone I've owned to date.  It feels good, it looks great and it's performance is phenomenal.  I was probably most impressed with it's battery life.  With moderate use I go about a day and a half without charging.  Even with heavy use I get a full day without charging.My one complaint is that everything is LOUD.  Even at it's lowest volume levels, ring tones and notifications are louder than I'm used to.  My Bluetooth headset was so loud that it could be used as a speaker phone.  Fortunately, a  quick fix was a small piece of tape over the headset's speaker deadened the volume enough to make it bearable.  In searching the Internet it appears that this is a common complaint about the One.  Hopefully a future software update will fix the problem.If I could change anything in the One's design it would be the inclusion of an SD slot.  I have a lot of music files that I like to keep on the phone and unfortunately 32GB just isn't enough.  I suppose that I can live with fewer tunes if I have to.Even with the  problems outlined above, I would strongly recommend this phone.  In fact my wife is thinking about upgrading to the new One (M8) soon.

This is an awesome phone. I'm very pleased with everything about it. Fast, easy to use, nice features, great screen resolution.

This is my first smart phone and I've had it now going on 4 months. My previous mobile experience is with an iPad II - which I've had for a couple years and did not choose an iPhone as my first smartphone - that should say something. I love the HTC One and do NOT regret my decision at all. I should also state that I'm not a POWER smart-phone user, but I did my research on this and other phones for months before making up my mind. This phone has a large, bright screen, is powerful and has lots of customizations that I can setup to my liking. I love the powerful, dual stereo speakers that are FRONT facing - they sound great when watching videos or listening to music. I REALLY love that I don't have to have iTunes on my laptop to move pictures and music around between various devices. What a pain that is with the iPad!! I rarely use the BlinkFeed screen so have set my home screen to another tab - but it seems to be easy to use. But I text several hundred a month and the virtual keyboard is very intelligent - more so than the iPad. The apps that I have downloaded work fine. I read a few emails, and other online publications just fine. The battery life for me is better than expected. It connects to my home wifi quickly whenever in range and stays connected. As far as battery life, I sometimes 4 days when I just use the phone for a phone and text and a few other apps. Most of the time I get 3 days tho. I also charge it when the battery drops to about 20%. Charging time is relatively quick.This phone will definitely do more than I need, but for $0.01 with a 2-yr subscription with Sprint, I am happy. I have had no usability issues - no call drops - no unplanned reboots. And the apps available on the Google store are more than enough. I would say the Apple App Store is easier to use by a little bit, than the Google store, but no big deal. The camera is also easy to use and takes excellent pics as far as I need.

First off, the penny sale on black Friday was a huge plus!  $35 for a $700 phone?  I'll take it!  Battery life is outstanding.  Hardcore use (web browser, games, Skype etc) at least 10-12 hours and up to 19 on a single charge depending on your power settings.  The quad core processor is great too and the beats audio had a nice crisp, full sound.  I had the evo before this and it was a good phone minus the battery (same usage would only get 2 hours on 1 charge).  If you can get the ONE get it!  You won't be disappointed.

HorribleDon't buy this phone everything things bad it has only 4 mega pixels bad display slow laggy no pros

Because the phone is longer than the EVO that I owned prior to this phone and the placement of some of the function keys is different, it's much harder to use with one hand. I have long fingers and I still end up starting functions that I hadn't intended to start because of the layout of the keys or touch points.

I love this new HTC. I also pay $23 a month now with no contract or start up fees. Best thing I ever did was switch service to "Ting service" that uses the Sprint network. Been with them 10 months now and no problems. Research on your own, read reviews, and if you switch, get $25 off your first month using this coupon code. [...]You need a CDMA phone to bring over like the HTC or Samsung, new or used will work.They dont support the iphone 5 yet but do support the 4 and 4s iphone.Basically, even if you buy the phone for full price, you will still save over a grand with Ting rather than the Sprint 2 year contract.Here are their rates. [...]

I've been an HTC fan for a while now. My first smartphone was the EVO, then I upgraded to the EVO 4G LTE, and now to the One. That's not to say that it is a given that I will go with HTC, they just keep winning my business when it's upgrade time and I'm comparing phones leading the market at the time. I've had my eye on the One since it came out a year ago and finally got my hands on it :)PROS:1) The design is sweet and feels rock solid compared to the plastic bodied models I've used, including my wife's S4. The only other phone that has the same feeling of solidity is an iPhone. The screen is sharp, colors and contrast are great. I have always preferred the LCD's to the AMOLED's, I just think the AMOLED screens (like the one on the S4) are too color-saturated.2) The dual front speakers really do sound amazing. I listen to a lot of music through my phone and the clarity is phenomenal. People have said they thought it wasn't as loud as they'd like, but I don't feel that way. Also, if you turn off the Beats audio the speakers are louder.3) Sense UI is still hands-down the best Android flavor IMHO. Stock Android feels too sparse for me, Samsung's offering is cluttered and unintuitive, but Sense is always stylish, clean, and easy to use.4) I love Blinkfeed. I use it all the time, and as of the Sense 5.5 update it got even more customizable and it can now be removed if you don't want it on your home screen.5) Processor is snappy, no surprise there. Battery life easily gets me through the day unless I spend hours playing games (which has been known to happen).6) Camera is sharp, and handles low-light better than any phone I've used. I know people can quibble about which phone has the best camera, but while I was frustrated with the quality of the cameras on my EVOs, I'm finally happy with the image quality I'm getting with the One. I would put it on similar footing with the S4. Video is sharp too, and filming my dog and baby in slo-mo is entertaining :)7) I got the 32 GB version so plenty of HD space. Personally I don't like to leave app clutter on my phone, I uninstall apps once I'm done with them, so 16 GB wasn't bad previously but it's nice to have some extra breathing room.CONS:1) Not really a con, but I prefer to turn off the Beats audio when I'm not listening to music. I think the extra clarity makes calls sound odd, almost metallic.2) The placement and height of the power and volume buttons took me a couple of weeks to get used to. The buttons being flush with the body made it sort of aggravating to try to use the phone one-handed, but now that I'm used to it I don't even think about it.CONCLUSION:This is a phenomenal phone! I love it and after a year of anticipation and researching other phones I am very happy that I bought it (and you can't beat the $0.01 deal they have on here). The One is solid, has great software, more hardware than my last laptop, and emphasizes the things that are important to me (reasonable camera quality, sound quality, processing speed, battery life, ease-of-use). My temporary frustration with the button placement is not nearly enough to make me knock a star off of what I consider to be a near-perfect offering from HTC. Enjoy!

I like it overall.  My only complaint is that it is largely than I would like.  Disclaimer:  I use it mostly as a phone and to check my email.

I got this phone for my son, great phone every thing about it is perfect except the ultra pixel camera is a bit disappointing my old HTC EVO lte with its 8 mp took considerably better photos, so to have the overall camera technology feel or seem to take a step back form what all other manufactures are doing and to use a &#34;gimmicky&#34; Ultra pixel is disappointing. The saddest part is HTC  didn't learn from this the first time and also used the same 4 ultra pixel for their M8 or they had a lot left over from low sales of the m7 who knows. If your happy using the pics for posting to face book and alike then this is a great phone and the pictures will more than satisfy.

The phone is amazing! Still playing with it and learning new things. The screen is a perfect size! Love it.

Upgraded from HTC Evo...so it's very similar, just larger screen & thinner case.Having two speakers really does the music great!Battery time seems great so far.The Sprint 4G LTE (that just got installed here in Louisville) is very fast...constant speed tests of 8-10Mb..WOW!Solid case is secure, but slippery...I put on a 2 piece rubberized case first thing (this is the only thing I dislike about the unit).Andriod based cells are somewhat easy to use at first...you gotta be patient to learn & operate its many functions.Over all..I enjoy using the internet every day on this cell, and calls are very clear and solid.If I needed another cell, it would positively be the HTC ONE.

Bought this for 50 back in October. No problems with battery life for me. Phone is so sleek a case is a must.  Best built Android phone to date.  Htc has confirmed the one will be updated to 4.4 Kitkat.

I love this phone! I wish my screen hadn't broken (my fault) and my service with Sprint was better (carrier problem). But the phone is the best I've ever had. No I'm not an iPHONE or Galaxy maniac. I don't need all the thrills those phone offer. But the size, weight, Beats by Dre sound, storage space, AND camera & picture quality you get with this phone, you won't need the other thrills.Since I'm no longer with Sprint and can't use this phone with my new carrier I'm only using it was a mp3 device now -- the sound is THAT amazing! Who needs an iPOD?

I almost didn;t give this a chance before rooting and flashing it because I HATED sense on my Evo, well they've gone and made it 10x better.  It's still there and you can't disable flowscreen or whatever they call it, but you can set your home page to something else.

I have owned many HTC's phones and I have never been disappointed with them. I have never had any problems and I am considering buying the M8.

going from a motorola photon to this is a huge difference...the quality was better than the s4 and the sound is great especially when you have headphones in...the camera is all in all good....seems more like a perfect camera for instagram but im not in to that crap...i use it like a computer and couldnt be happier would definitely recommend over the s4

The phone hardware & Build quality is as advertised but the software needs  work at least for the sprint version you can not by pass the third party app (Dropbox & HTC account) you must sign in both before  being allowed to sign into your gmail and blink feed is a waste it does not update often and you can not drag and drop apps from the app draw  you have to long press the screen you want the app on. The battery life is decent  7 hours heavy use 12 with moderate use  standby time (no usage) excellent sound quality is great Ultra pixel camera  good not greet Hopefully 4.2.2 will come soon and fix the software issues

Great phone when working properly, but never does. Two months in top speaker went out , sounded like it was blown. Shortly after screen started flickering on and off, then went out completely. To repair you have to send it to HTC at your cost, which I did only to have it returned a week later still broken. This time light sensor is not allowing screen to work in dark conditions.  Worst phone I have ever owned , please stay away from HTC one

This is the greatest phone ever....great graphics....super fast....audio is amazing....the camera is amazing....the whole phone and all its features are amazing....I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS AMAZING PHONE!!!

It's rare for me to actually like phones since I really never like talking on phones, but this phone has everything I really could ask for in a phone.Camera - I have a tendency to miss the prefect picture every time, but with ZOE I don't miss anything. The best part of ZOE, is that you get pictures of unexpected moments from someone sneezing to dumb faces people make when they think you are waiting for others. The ultra pixel is also great for late night photos, and since I work nights, I don't have to worry about the lightening.Screen - Coming from a IPhone 4 user, the screen size is a major plus. I can easily read any news articles and watch videos with much more enjoyment than the 4 inch screen.Senses 5 - Although many users do not like this feature, I really love it. I like the fact that I don't have to scavenge different news sites for all my news articles, I just have to set my Blinkfeed to what I would like and I have all the articles delivered to me. As for scrolling through the apps, it feels much more natural with up and down scrolling.Design - The design of the HTC One is solid. Compared to the Samsung Galaxy 3 and 4, the HTC One feels like a premium product rather than a cheaply made one. The front facing speakers allow for much better sound during videos or just listening to music from the phone. The curve of the back of the phone makes for easy handling. The only issue is the top power button, but its necessary for the RF blaster.Over all the only problem I have with the phone is the service provider.  With their network revision hopefully that will change.

This phone does everything you could ask for and more, I haven't had any problems using it.  Very user friendly.

I can't say anything that hasn't been said but so far this works like a champ, a big improvement in many ways over my HTC one LTE (which started to have screen problems in the end) but I miss the kick stand and the dedicated camera button of my old phone.Overall, I plan to get this for all my family plan phones once they are eligible for upgrade.

This phone works great. Miles quicker and smoother than any of my past smartphones. I've had a Palm Centro, Palm pre, HTC Evo 4G, Evo 3D and now this. Love the stereo speakers. Sound really nice. Best display i've had for sure. I hardly ever use the Zoe feature myself but it is kinda cool. This phone never really gives me any major problems like most of my other ones. Hardly ever a hiccup.Fair warning though:Non-removable batteryNo microSD slot--But there are remedies for the memory expansion. Get an OTG cable and a USB flash drive to plug into it. You'll be good to go.

This phone always has problems. I had to do a hard reset because they did something wrong with the update and it crashed..I lost all my contacts all my pictures.. the camera was good at one point then in the dark the colors weren't coming out correctly...it look like there is a big fog and the pictur es come out purple

HTC ... yep it is a great phone.... and the battery lasts for three days... !!!!!!!!!!! very fast and great reception. so all is well .. this phone was an upgrade from the original EVO 4g and it was like going from a 1990 computer to a computer built today.

Rooted it and installed Viper Rom, lol. The only problem I had was that the screen was a little lopsided  but nothing dramatic, this phone makes me forgive HTC for the HTC Evo 3D

I ordered it on sale when it was $99. Thank Amazon for that. I was scared for minute because I kept checking my email and there was no message saying that it had shipped but to my surprise they shipped it 11:00 p.m. on Thursday and I received it around Friday noon. It was delivered when they said it would an on top of that it's the best phone I ever owned. The speakers are awesome, the camera is way better than I thought it would be and its super slim.

Really enjoying all that this phone has to offer like that it is slim, light, and great for everyday use. Love it!

I love this phone so much that I can't wait to get the HTC One M8!  The only thing I would change is that I would have liked to get the Google Play Edition.

If you are looking for a phone that performs, has great call quality and is an overall solid phone, you can't go wrong.

It's large but it works well and takes absolutely BEAUTIFUL pictures.  It did freeze, the screen went totally black (while ringing!) and while I was utilizing the blue tooth in my car.  I couldn't shut it down or anything.  You can't open the phone so I was really upset.  Then all of a sudden it just  stopped ringing by itself....and turned on again.  Not sure why that happened but hoping it never happens again.

Everthing about this phone is great! Every feature works great and has so many cool apps to play with, especially the TV remote. I will advice on a couple of things, first is what I consider to be somthing HTC needs to work on, is the earpiece. When you are having a converstion the earpiece sounds very, very bassy. I find it not to be clear because of bassiness, the second is, at times (you never know when) the phone will run very hot and just drain the battery. I've gone in to turn off running apps, but will still run hot for a while. Other than that I would buy a second one for stand by......

It's everything I wanted and more I love it,you can't go wrong with this htc one black by sprint amazing

Having been an avid unofficial spokes person for the Samsung Galaxy S2 I told my family that the S4 was my next phone. After talking to S4 owners and beginning to read about this phone, (HTC One), on my favorite tech sites I began to waiver towards the new HTC One. My son and his wife were former owners of the EVO 3D with the 3D camera at the same time I bought my S2. When they started having so many problems with their EVO 3D's I was convinced that the S2 was the best phone for me. For the next two years I reveled on how great my S2 was and vowed to repeat my success with another Samsung phone. I even purchased the Galaxy Tab 2 7 and have been thrilled for about a year now. But I kept hearing about this new HTC One and how attractive it was, both inside and out. After months of research and taking my favorite tech sites and several mobile phone sales reps advice, I decided to take the plunge. I have had the phone for about a week and all I can say is, this phone is absolutely ridiculous!!!! It is smooth, fast, and intuitive. I love that it is not loaded with all the ridiculous bloatware and features that quite frankly, I might use once or twice and then forget about them eventually. I can't imagine a better designed phone for not just my job but for every day life. From the high definition camera and screen and the amazing Beats Audio sound to the incredible dual front firing speakers and the all aluminum one piece body with Gorilla Glass 2 screen. It's physical design and fit and finish are unparalleled in todays market of cookie cutter phone designs. HTC actually took a step back and designed a phone for people that care as much about form and function as they do about performance and quality. So to answer my question of the name or my review, YES!!! It is really that good...maybe better. The next couple of weeks will tell the entire story for me.

I love my new HTC One.  I bought this phone as an early birthday present and it was the best thing I ever did for myself.  It is quick, love the feel of the phone in my hand and love the extra long battery power.  Previously I owned the HTC EVO and while I really liked that phone as well, this one has it beat.  I love discovering all the things it can do and the camera is awesome.

Great Phone!! Lots of great apps and very easy to use. The phone came very quickly...which is good because I was anxious to receive it. great service.

Everything was extremely smooth. Product is in perfect condition and activation was very easy to do with instructions. Really love this phone and I would buy anything form this seller again.

I will never buy an HTC product the rest of my life.. I put together all the pros and cons in real-time as the pros and cons presented themselves (all repeatedly)Pros:- Great Stock Camera & Camera App- Beautiful Screen- Headphone Jack strong/robust- Looks Awesome- Stock Grouping method in the apps draw- Loud SpeakerCons (might want to sit down for this):- Home & Back buttons too close to screen; constantly pressing them when trying to press on-screen items at the bottom.- Puts &#34;i&#34; in got(git) and in for(fir) whenever trying to swype the words. W...T...F!- Speaker can only be set to loud. At low volume it is still really loud.- Loud speaker broke in a month with low intensity use.- Wallpaper doesn't scroll- Cannot remove RS Feed widget- App drawer paging is terrible, i prefer app drawers that scroll- No file manager app- Really slick in my hand, slips a lot.- Data doesn't work when making a phone call- FREEZES AND CRASHES EVERY DAY- Different frequency band than Sprint- No toggle for LTE- Have to dial *#*#3646#*#* to get to the interface to make sure the phone is using proper frequencies and data for provider.And SPRINT's LTE service is T E R R I B L E ! Their 4g was pretty good, thought it had its problems. Now LTE, I don't have it in areas where I had 4g. And the 3g is SUPER SLOW!

The device works as advertised. Well shouldn't it? But, if there is a problem, the warrantee is totally on their terms. A failed speaker; distortion and no volume, requires sending the device to a repair center at your cost and clearing the memory. There is also the added customer service charm of relying on their integrity to be honest about the diagnosis of your device. If the repair center decides there are defects present that are not the responsibility of HTC, you get to pay for it or get your device back unprepared and wiped clean of information, and you should trust them, why?Otherwise this is a decent device. The apps get move around after an update. annoying. The camera is less versatile after an update. With a blown out speaker, the sound is terrible. Get a Samsung.

Battery live is great, better then the 4G. Great screen, very clear.  You need to but Fox News as an available choice when setting up the home screen. Thank You!

This phone rocks!! I am an avid HTC or LG fan and this phone is the best HTC so far... now just need a waterproof one :)

bought the phone for my nephew he loves it Amazon is the best place to buy phones on the best kept secrets out there get the same phone at a substantially lower price than you would anywhere else you love Amazon and love HTC phone

The phone is awesome, l only wish that my carrier had better service; drop calls can be annoying :-). Super phone!

For the first-time I've purchased a phone where my speakers are just as loud as the next phone, if not louder! Great battery saving technology. HTC One lasts for a whole day even after running GPS and multiple social/gaming apps. Overall great purchase!!

The battery life lasts nearly 2 full days. Exactly what I wanted in a phone. The sound and video quality are spectacular. Speaker phone top-notch. 32GB of storage for music, videos/movies, and pictures...nuff said. No more worries about Apps not operating properly due to insufficient internal memory (as I experienced with the HTC Evo). Oh, and don't even get me started on the weight. Almost as light as a feather, sometimes I have to double-check that it's still there (in my pocket or on my hip). Love that it still syncs with Google and Facebook. Diggin the News Feed.Can't think of any gripes yet. Had it for about 6 months now.

I was picking between this or the s4. im so glad I picked this the sound quality is amazing. I like the bling feed and the features it comes with. Has a great camera, It is completely customizable and user friendly. If you are looking for a new phone choose the one.

I like the &#34;windows&#34; style tiles but I like that i can also have my traditional android style home screens with apps and widgets. The phone is fast and works great. I like the UI and once you get used to it, its nice and easy. I like the folders you can create which basically let you have more apps and widgets at your fingertips. I had an EVO for years and didn't want to get rid of it, I was shocked at how much lighter the HTC ONE is and it doesn't feel that much larger in my hand. I'm glad I upgraded.

I've used a HTC One for about a week now, and I almost absolutely love it. There are only a couple of annoying design flaws that prevents it from being the perfect Android device:1) No SD card slot.2) No menu button.The first flaw can't be helped. Somebody at the HTC development department clearly has brain damamge. Cloud storage is not an excuse. No HTC, it really is not. We don't always have WiFi access. Nevertheless, 32 GB goes a surprisingly long way.The second flaw can be somewhat fixed. Go to "Settings" -> "Display, Gestures and buttons" -> "Start button" and select the second option. Now a long-click on the home button works as a menu button. Good enough for me, but an actual menu button would have been nicer than an unclickable HTC logo.Despite those two problems, HTC One is an extremely pleasant user experience. The sleek aluminium case oozes quality. IMO it perfectly balances screen size and pocketability. The screen (as you've heard) is spectacular and it's actually useful in sunlight. The stereo speakers sound gorgeous. The Krait quad-core processor is the best one on the market; excellent for gaming. Well, you've seen the specs. They're nice, really very nice.I'd give this 4.5 stars if possible.

Lets just start off by saying that I am one of those who switch phones every 6 months due to new technology, plus I need my head examined as my wife would say. I have had them all, s2, s3, s4, lg optimus g, g pro,ijunk 5. That's within past year just to give you guys an idea of my illness. This phone by far surpasses them all. Build, speakers, display, ease of use, headphones, I can go on and on. It feels like such a premium device in your hand, I have read about people having build quality issues, thankfully I wasn't one of them. I can see this being my regular daily driver for quite sometime. Nothing upcoming that I have read about will make me even blink away from the htc one. If you are contemplating , do not fear, you will be quite pleased.

Great phone, much better than my EVO 3D. The phone was dated and kept cutting off on me while on phone calls.Thanks

This is our second HTC One.  We love them both and !!recommend this phone to anyone who wants the most out of their phone!

The HTC One isn't just the best smartphone the company has ever made, it's one of the best devices on the market. It blends the power and versatility of the Android platform with the sleek, stylish design and premium build of the iPhone. But don't be fooled, the One isn't just another Android phone with a pretty shell. UI of this phone is just very basic which is good at-least for me easy to understand. Menu for each app is little confusing but will use to it once you use it on ur daily basis.I bought this Ultra Slim Matte Transparent Case trying to keep its beauty alive. But I think any nice looking phones always looks good without any case. This phone will give some really hard time to iPhone 5 I know many users now who want to buy HTC Black Phone specially and willing to trade off with iPhone 5 if you want to try it just list your HTC One make sure you say Black on the Craiglist saying that you want iPhone 5 you will get phone call/txt non-stop. Finally HTC did an awesome Job.

The HTC One is beautiful, fast, powerful, and does everything that I expected it to do. If the Sprint network were better, I would be wholly satisfied. As far as the phone itself, though, I would get this again and recommend to my friends and family.

The screen is difficult to see in high light conditions, (sunshine and generally outdoors).  The screen has developed several spots ( not scratches) on the surface that will not come off.

What's not to love? It's an HTC One. The speakers sound great, and my wife and daughter both love their HTC one. They upgraded from Evo 3D. I have the Galaxy S4, but the HTC One has it's own comparable features. I would have a hard time choosing which is the better phone.

Really happy with my htcOne, excellent battery life, fast, superb audio. My everything provider did a stellar job of switching old phone to new...great provider! I wish .com were on the key pad as a "key" as it was on my evo.

Phone  is perfectcost was the best part.Was the best Xmas gift i bought this year.Great buy thanks

After having the HTC One for about 4 months, I am certain it is the best phone I have ever used. It is very solid and the matte black finish looks great. It you have the phone for over 90 days, Sprint will unlock the SIM card slot for you. I used this phone while I was in Europe with foreign SIM cards and it worked great.

Bought this for my mom who has learn to be rather tech savvy and picked this up without a hitch.  My dad had more of a learning curve but he learns a new &#34;trick&#34; everyday.My brother LOVES the speakers on the phone.  The front facing speakers are the biggest selling point of this phone.  Having the video facing you but not the sound does not make any sense.  The speakers sound great too for their size.  Can't wait for the sequel.

This phone is awesome. Definately better than the old phone I had to buy to temporarily replace my stolen EVO.

purchased this for my 17yr old, loves everything about. loves the durability of it and super quality of it. I am considering getting one for myself

Final Edit: I took my phone back to Sprint and had them exchange it due to the WiFi issue being unbearable.  The WiFi on the new phone works perfectly.  If you have a WiFi issue, and have all of the updates, exchange your phone asap.Last thoughts: I definitely would not have purchased this device had I paid attention to the irreplaceable battery; I'm dreading the low life expectancy of this device that is going to cause.  The battery gets crazy hot, which is not good for battery longevity either.  Otherwise, this is and OK tablet/phone.Original:I chose this phone over the Samsung Galaxy S4, and here is what I've discovered:The Bad:No MicroSD.  What you get is all you get.  With all major smart phones coming with MicroSD , I didn't even think to check.  While this phone comes with a whopping 32G onboard, that's all you will ever have.  And since my plan is through Sprint--there is bloatware already trimming the limited space. I had plans for my 32G mSD to make this a powerhouse media trinket--but it's simply not going to happen. With the 16GB on-board and 32 GB card, the original EVO 4g has significantly more memory than the One.Cannot replace battery.  Another item I took for granted--lesson learned.  When this battery stops holding a full charge, this phone will be a brick.  This is simply not an intelligent option, nor is it environmentally sound.  Battery goes--purchase a new phone.  This is one of the reasons I refuse to purchase Apple products--and now HTC is playing this game. Edit: Sprint sales informed me everyone except Samsung has claimed this is how all the new phones will be delivered (Not that Samsung won't, they just haven't announced they will).Junk WiFi antenna.  This machine simply cannot maintain connection to any WiFi source.  This causes issues with downloading apps, watching Netflix, and time-outs on websites.  Imagine someone randomly unplugging your computer when you are in the middle of something . . . all day long.  Fun times. EDIT: No, the WiFi issues are not from the Power Saver function.  They happen regardless of if Power Saver is on, and Power Saver has an option to not shut down data.OS is not friendly for one handed use.  There are several options that you have to use the top of the screen, away from the natural holding position of the phone.  You will need to use the entirety of this large display to use the OS.  Can be aggravating, and is definitely slow.Microphone is placed in an idiotic area.  If the phone isn't held just right your voice doesn't get picked up well.  Also, I prefer to hold my phone on three sides, thus reducing the risk of dropping an expensive piece of equipment.  The microphone is offset so if I hold it in my left hand, my finger covers it and no one can hear anything I say.  Why doesn't it have the microphone built into the front alongside the bottom speakers?  Even if it was in the center it wouldn't have the cover-up issue.  Basically it was designed to be difficult to hold onto. (Edit, I use my left hand most of the time to hold the phone--not same issue with right hand)Massive battery draining widget-home-screen that is mandatory.  The home screen may be changed, but the widget cannot be removed.  One slice of real-estate tab is useless thanks to HTC, and only 4 more tabs total may be added.  Even if you don't select any feeds, the PoS widget keeps connecting to update.  Terrible.Buttons too flush with device.  This does make the device look sweet, but it is unresponsive to button presses and the user needs to really pay attention to them. Especially the power button. Edit: these loosen up with use.No manual.  In the flyer it claims they put it online to be more "green" (cheap), but with poor signal and no house internet--useless.The Good:The screen is beautiful.  Large real-estate with high dpi display makes viewing everything a pleasure.Amazing camera.  This simply has the best phone camera I have ever used.  Video is astounding and the still images pop.  The image capture is exceedingly fast, and the low-light functionality is unmatched in a phone.  This alone is the best feature this device has to offer, and is the one thing I will miss terribly when I take this phone back. Edit: even with calibration, it is not as responsive or accurate as the EVO 4G.Processor speed.  This device is fast, fast, fast.  It reboots quicker than anything else and flies through app startup and menu navigation. Heavily tabbed browsing doesn't even cause it to skip, slow, or jitter.  Simply great power.The power/USB outlet is back on the bottom of the phone! This thrills me and I hope it is a trend that device manufacturers re-embrace.  This allows much easier use of the phone while it is plugged in, both when attached to media centers or use in hand.The OK:Light weight.  This phone is comfortable and light weight even though it has a metal case.  However, this is in part due to an irreplaceable battery.Thin. This phone is wonderfully thin and fits nicely in all pockets--though see comment on battery.Sound. The sound is good, and has decent max volume.  Not quite enough for a road trip, more than enough for games.  Sound is quite nice with headphones, but so was my original EVO. Beats is unimpressive overall--not a particular selling point, but nothing wrong with it either.There are OS issues with the device I could go into, but if someone wants to alter their interface those issues would go away so I felt they ultimately weren't worth detailing.  They are also likely to be on any comparable device.The HTC One is a better device than the EVO LTE, but sadly doesn't compare to the sheer usability and friendliness of the original EVO.This phone has most likely ended my love affair with HTC products.  I purchased the original EVO when it was released, and after four years had to stop using it due to the screen going bad.  I had purchased the EVO LTE when it was released just to have a newer, more awesome, smartphone--but had to return it to Sprint, due to the wireless antenna in the LTE was garbage and couldn't stay connected to Sprint's towers.  Over a year later, I'm finding that HTC just doesn't want to recreate the pure success it had with the original EVO and it is time for me to move on to another manufacturer.  I am going to replace my EVO screen and go from there.

This smartphone phone beats the other top-selling phone available with exciting features I have been happy with! The quality is much better than other competitive brand.

I enjoy this phone.  I had the predecessor, HTC Evo 4G, which was also good.  4G has finally arrived in San Diego and runs very quickly.  It is intuitive to me and I can work through my email, apps, etc. with no problem.

coming from a galaxy nexus. This phone is much faster. It is also running the same version of android as the nexus.  My only issue is with sprints bloatware. Solution:root+titanium Back up=uninstall crap apps. 1st time using sense. I really like the sense overlay. its logical and easy to use. It also looks nice.

I'm just throwing in my 2 cents here and not go into a full blown review. That has been done by some very excellent reviewers here already.I've been wanting to get this since the summer of 2013 when I checked out the excellent reviews on the HTC One. Couldn't wait to get rid of my Samsung Galaxy SII. What a piece of absolute junk that phone was. It scores a whopping 2.9 star rating from Amazon reviewers... that is a 58% approval rating. Pretty sad. Enough said about that POS!My first smartphone back in 2010 was the HTC Droid Incredible, which I really liked... albeit the small 3.7" screen at the time. It would get a little buggy once in a while... but it was a very good phone. So I thought I would go back and try another HTC product and I'm glad I did.Pros:Excellent build, sturdy and thin. Doesn't feel like a cheap plastic toy like the Samsung's.Crystal clear LCD 1920X1080p screen. The Amoled screens like on the Samsung's look more colorful... but the colors are saturated compared to an LCD screen. LCD screens are more life-like and easier to see outside in the daylight.Excellent front-facing stereo built-in amplified speakers. Good volume, clear sound with no distortion at max. It gives you that nice stereo effect that finally matches the external audio experience with the excellent 1080p video quality. These have to be the best smartphone stereo speakers on the market. Is there even another company that puts out dual stereo speakers on a smartphone? I believe they're all mono... could be wrong.This phone is fast with a Snapdragon 600 Quad-Core 1.7 Ghz processor. I believe Samsung has the faster processor... but can you really tell the difference in speed between the two with the naked eye? I don't think so.HTC Sense 5.5: Wow... this OS is so smooth... exactly like Apple... as smooth as butter.Cons:Sprint's 4G LTE. I live in Orange county, CA. The map shows that Sprint's 4G LTE coverage is absolutely saturated with it. But at home in Anaheim it defaults to 3G. That's pretty sad. I was picking up full bars with 4G Max with the Samsung. Not good. I realize Sprint is the last carrier to get their LTE towers up, so maybe this will improve over time. Not too sure about that with Sprint. If not... I will be forced to switch over to AT&T; or rip-off price gouging Verizon in the future.I don't care for the placement of the power button on the top left of the phone. Should be on the side top right for easier access with one hand. Minor quibble though.That's it for the cons so far. If things change, I will update this review.P.S. This HTC One has been out for almost a year now, and still is one of the top of the line smartphones out there today. That's pretty impressive in itself to say the least.I don't think any smartphone is perfect. I would rate it exactly what the current rating is right now which is a 4.5 (90%).... But I give it a 5 star rating so not to bring it lower than it's 4.5 rating. If you feel the same as I do, I would encourage you to rate it the same.BB

By far the best phone I've had to date.All aluminum body feels great in hand.Beats audio is superb.Battery life, screen, camera, processor all work perfectly.

Great Phone, nice features, great speakers, battery life is nice if you leave it at stock 4.1 recent 4.3 update has taken its toll on the battery life and should hopefully be fixed once the 4.4 update rolls around in the coming monthsIt's a great phone overall

I used this phone, brand new from Amazon for about four days and I have to say it's a step back from the HTC EVO 4G I had.The design, layout and feel of the phone is great. As you would guess, it feels very durable and you feel like a million bucks while using it.But what's the use of a phone when you can't get reception and 4G??Sprint is now changing their 4G services from whatever it was before to 4G LTE and this phone does not pick it up. I went from having 4G in class, at home and basically everywhere in the Los Angeles area and when I activated the ONE the 4G signal just disappeared. It came back for a few minutes in Hollywood but that was it. I checked for answers from Sprint and they could not explain why, even though it shows that I should have coverage on their coverage map.If you want a phone just for it's looks and it's AMAZING BEATS BY DRE SOUND (honestly, it's not that great) then this should be your first pick. If you want a phone that actually does what it's supposed to, skip this phone.EDIT - DO NOT PURCHASE YOUR PHONE FROM AMAZON. THEY LIKE TO TELL YOU ONE THING AND THEN DON'T FOLLOW THROUGH WITH IT. I WAS GUARANTEED A S4 IN ONE DAY AND I FIND OUT THAT IT IS NOT SHIPPED. I CALL AMAZON AND THEY NOW TELL ME THEYRE SOLD OUT???

True, it doesn't have a SD card slot and you can't take out the battery. But you won't need to, it runs without any issues. I would occasionally have to remove the battery of my old phone to get it to work properly. I have not had any issues with this phone. It is solid. I've even dropped it once and it is still working great, just has one small dent. I finally did pick up a cover, though.

Love the blinkfeed and the solid feel of this phone, so much so that I've yet to add a cover. Not sure what S4 does that this one can't other than maybe the waving over the phone but no big deal. Also love the 32 gig bytes of memory and the camera is very nice. Amazon was the best price at the time at 99$ though most everyone is selling it at this price now. Battery life is decent.

Amazing phone. I upgraded from a Samsung Galaxy S2, and it has far exceeded my expectations. Love Sense 5, smooth as butter. And I actually find myself using blinkfeed pretty often. Like others have said, the build on this is superior and until Samsung goes away from the cheap plastic-y feel, I might have a hard time going back to them. Only downside is it's such a good looking phone that you really want to baby it. The chamfered edges look like they might scratch easy so definately get a case to protect it if you're active.

I am a shrewd shopper of tech products as I tend to buy something that lasts for years. I used my Evo for 4 years before switching to this.  The battery in this is about 5 times better than the Evo (which really sucked and I always carried 3 batteries with me) albeit not removable.  I have gone 12 hours on heavy use and 24 hours on light use.  We shall see in two years how much it has diminished and whether HTC will have a way of replacing it.  Even though I am not a techie, I like tinkering with stuff.  The first thing I did was to unlock the phone through the HTC site...what a pain in the neck as you have about 10 or so steps to follow. I then rooted it, which allows me to take advantage of some special programs.  I suppose since I am rooted, I can remove BlinkFeed that many folks complain about by loading a custom Rom, but I have seen no harm in it.  In fact, I think the phone will be boring without it.  I have only used the camera to take a couple of pics and I have nothing good or bad to say about it as that is not a reason why I bought the phone.  I must say that the ability to do instant edits with Zoe is a plus.  The phone is extremely fast and the 32 GB is more than I will ever need. My other selling point is that the sim card can replaced for overseas use; after 90 days, you can ask Sprint to remove their restriction.  I travel a lot and that is exactly what I need.  Nonetheless, even without it, I was able to use my Evo overseas with Wifi and Google Voice.  That is the beauty of having an integrated Android system.  I had been avoiding a contract for years, but I sucked it up on this because the price I paid was too good to pass up...$50!  $100-50 for trading in old phone).Forgot to add, the speakers are the best thing you've ever heard from a phone!  Amazing.  I actually tried to tweak it with Sound Equalizer, but found the stock Beats audio to be better!

I have owned HTC phones before and this one, from a technological perspective, is awesome!  Just make sure you protect it!  If you crack the display they are very hard to replace and are costly!

This HTC is by far the best out there. Love the feel, the slim design, the large display! What can I say? It's better than expected and the battery life isn't too bad either.

Ok, started with HTC Evo 4 years ago, switched to Samsung Galaxy S2. Debated to get Samsung S4 but decided on HTC One. I wanted a break from Samsung, although I still love my S2. The new phone in my area handles calls clearly, no lag with internet, gps, nav, etc.I switched off Blink Feed easily. I would recommend Apex Launcher or Nova Laucher from Play Store if you wanted to get rid of Blink Feed totally. I also got the Otterbox Commuter case with this phone and it's still thin.The camera worked very well in outdoor lighting. So far, there's a small learning curve with this phone but lots of tutorials on you tube with shortcuts and tips. I recommend this without and feel I made the right choice.

Love this phone !!!! Nice large screen and easy to work.. I would tell everyone who is looking for a new phone this is the one to get!!!

I love my new HTC One. It's very fast, nice and loud speakers, and a battery sipper. There are a few things I can't stand about the Sense UI, but after changing the launcher I was able to cope. HTC has also promised a 90 day turnaround for android updates, which sweetened the deal for me. This is a fine device to add to your side.

Zero access to SIM card or extra memory.not compatable for someone who stores a great deal of information downloading various things

I love the Amazon wireless website, even if the the phone is the same price as it is in store (it's always cheaper here) I would still purchase online through Amazon, no hassles, fast shipping (with prime).  On this order I called Wireless customer support and spoke with an extremely nice and knowledgeable person on the phone that was able to help me out immediately.  There was no hold or wait time whatsoever.  The phone itself is really great, the front facing speakers makes the sounds a lot more audible.  If you are use to Android phone's it's a slight deviation in interface from the Samsung line, but still very easy to pick up and get going on.  I am not the biggest fan or user of the Blink feed home screen, but it's easy enough to not make it your home screen and/or turnoff most of the notifications.  Battery life is good so far, it easily lasts a day and half of normal use of data/wireless use with texting and playing some games.  Very responsive and fast phone and would encourage others to give it a shot!

This is a big step up from my old phone. The phone is supper fast, and the battery seems to last all day.

multiple uses on the fly. great devise. easy to use. large enough to be seen yet small enough to still call mobile

My wife has the Galaxy line and i never could like the look and feel of that device. But just one look and hold of this phone and i knew i had to get one.It does come with HTC Sense 5 and usually the first thing i do with a android device is root it and put a new rom on it but i dont feel the need to with this version. Sense is actually nice to use, though it could still use some tweaks here and there (and what couldn't). Blinkfeed, once set up with the feeds you are interested in is enjoyable as well. I do like how you can have all the feeds mixed or you can just show feeds from certain areas at a time (like just Facebook, or just Twitter). One part about it i really like is how once you click on a section (other than Facebook) it gives you a longer summary or even the whole article without loading it up in a browser. Makes keeping up to date with items very simple.Boomsound is pretty awesome as well. I dont know why no one ever put all the speakers in front before. Sounds much better than any other phone speaker and removes my need to hook it up to outside speakers a lot of the time. The headphones it came with are also surprisingly nice and i actually don't mind using them.The using the phone itself is very quick and enjoyable. Best phone i have ever owned.

So I went from a Blackberry to this and it took about a day or two to get used to the Android OS. As for the phone specifically, it looks damn sexy to me with clean lines and all black structure. I have no problems with reception(Sprint) and I love having the apps which I have never used. I immediately put it in a rubber case and a screen cover and have yet to damage it in any way. Still looks brand new after 6 months. Overall, worth it and no regrets.

Phone functions and quality are wonderful. ..bummer I ended up with one that had a defective antenna...decided to go with a Note 3 instead for a replacement.

if you do not have 4G LTE from sprint in your area, do not get this phone. will only pick-up 3G. So internet and downloads are slow. I could get real strong 4G with old phone here. other wise this is a great phone.

it's a great phone but did not receive the right color i ordered the black one but received the silver other then that its great

I was not able to ever get a signal to text, access the internet, or send and receive phone calls inside the building where I work. Very inconvenient to have to leave my desk and stand outside the building just to check for missed calls, messages, and emails. I also did not have much luck with the navigation feature when looking for a restaurant across town. These are the major uses that I have for a smartphone. I am not someone who has to have news or tv schedules every moment of the day, so that on my front screen really bugged me. The only redeeming qualities for me was the clarity of the screen which was great and the sound. The front facing speakers should be standard on every phone in my opinion and When the phone was working, I had no problem hearing the other party. But, the bad was really bad for me. I returned the phone after a few days.

Love HTC SENSE I dont care what anyone saysi was nervous because of the horrendous battery life of my HTC EVO 4G, i need 3 batteries to get a day out of itI was also nervous because the 4g had no memory and you could utilize the memory card the way you needed toso looking at the HTC ONE and seeing that there was no SD card, no removable cover, I thought no way i would buy this phoneBut for a penny, why not. Also the reviews were strongI am not disappointed, this thing is awesome, my tablet is jealous now. I have several large apps, 8 gigs of music on it, 100's of photos and I still have plenty roomIts built well and beats audio IS all of that and more.I easily transferred all my files from my old phone to new one without even using a single wire, (HTC TRANSFER APP)the update software killed the blink feed, the speakers are awesome, I cant say one thing bad in the past 2 weeks I have been using it. Love it! and I have had several phones

I love this phone it is everything that I expected to be and more, easy to navigate, not small and not large the size is perfect and the performance is great.

This is my third smart phone and I honestly could not say how many cell phones I have owned since my first one way back in 1987. Before I purchased this phone, I was really missing my simple flip phones. I missed the call quality as these things ARE SUPPOSED to be phones. But when I made a test call on one of these, I was surprised at how good it sounded.On top of the call quality, the phone just feels good in the hand. The screen is large enough to be useful and small enough to still fit in a pocket.As to the smart phone features, my only complaint is blink Feed is a PITA! There is no way to disable it either. Fortunately you can set another screen to be your home screen.I miss not having a memory card slot, but the HTC transfer app made up for most of it. My custom ring tones did not transfer and I have to re-download and install all of them myself. Are you reading this HTC? This is not just HTC, just about all phone makers are getting rid of the card slots so they can charge us $100 for $15 worth of memory...I do have a second complaint, the camera works great but making prints bigger than 4x6 shows the lack of resolution. What was HTC thinking? This is the one feature the reviews have latched on to and probably the only thing keeping this from beating the S4.On top of the feel and build quality of this phone, the screen is top notch. It is bright and clear. Coupled with the voice call quality, this is what sold me on this phone.

This phone is extremely fast and has a lot of features. I really like the HTC Sense interface as well. Every smartphone i've owned so far has been made by HTC, and they haven't dissapointed yet with reliability or build quality.

So far, this phone has all the goodies that everyone looks in a phone.  I can only say it is giving me all the trouble you don't want to find in a phone.  I did a switch from another HTC and so far I hate doing it. The ringer doesn't ring, the phone turn on and off even if it fully charged, anyway, cant wait to replace it, should have gone with Samsung.

I have always loved HTC. The one is a great phone, looks amazing in black. But my black one had blotches of black coating on one corner.. and htc sence 5 is crappy to say the best... Amazon is still great with customers!

My mother was stubbornly clinging to her OG Evo 4G, even though nearly half the screen was blotched and the backside had severe scruffs (she's pretty clumsy). I bought this for her (also making her use an Otterbox), and she was blown away by how much faster it was when compared to her Evo. She's happy, so I'm happy. Solid phone.

I've had the phone for about a month now and very few complaints. The screen and sound are good. Battery life is as expected. My only minor complaints are that the home screen tiles are annoying and don't work as expected. There is very little that can be done to customize them significantly. Also, the reminders about being of Wi-Fi are annoying. I have unlimited data, so I don't care and it would be nice to turn off.

If you are reading this, chances are that you have heard about the galaxy s4 and that it is a very real possibility for your next phone. I will go in depth into the features of this phone and I will compare it to the S4.Design: this is the reason why I chose this phone. The industrial design is second to none. It is beautiful, smooth and cool to the touch. The "chamfered" edges and curved back allow you to have a good grip on the phone while also allowing it to nestle into your palm. The phone has an aluminum unibody, but requires plastic so that the radios can get reception. To mold this plastic into the unibody, HTC uses a gapless manufacturing process that molds it perfectly into the aluminum. Let me say this: the time that was spent designing this phone and the manufacturing detail that went into crafting it is absolutely marvelous and shows when you hold and use the phone. The lines are clean and the phone has a premium feel in your hand. The only little issue I have with the design is that the home button placement and power button are kind of awkward to hit in normal use. You have to move your hand up and down the phone in order to reach them, but you do get used to this quickly. A small thing about the design: Sprint did not place any carrier branding on this phone making it look much more clean. Bravo Sprint! The Galaxy S4 uses a polycarbonate body. I personally don't have anything against plastic. However, the S4 has a smooth finish that makes the phone feel greasy when you hold it from the oils that accumulate on the surface. My last phone was a Galaxy S2 (with textured plastic so the oils didn't accumulate) and I loved it because I never worried about damaging it. I can't say the same for the One. I always fear that if I drop it, the phone will dent or scratch which will be very noticeable. However, my love for the gorgeous aluminum body and precise manufacturing far outweighs the fears that linger in the back of my mind of damage.10/10Display: the HTC one features an LCD 3 1080p display. What does that mean? It has as many pixels as your HDTV crammed into a 4.7-inch screen. The colors on this phone are accurate and pleasant to look at. Coming from an AMOLED screen (what is on the s4) to an LCD was a very big change. An AMOLED screen has much more vibrant and saturated colors, whereas the LCD has more true-to-life colors. Honestly to me, I really like the accuracy in colors and sharpness that the One provides. The S4 will provide the same sharpness, just with more vibrant colors. Truth is, more people like the AMOLED than the LCD, but it is all person preference. Here is what I can say: like the design, I believe that this screen is incredible and second to none. The color reproduction and sharpness just cannot be matched by other display technologies.10/10Camera: Here is where I begin to get mixed feelings about the phone. People argue "it's not 4 megapixels, it's 4 ULTRApixels.." Here is the truth: yes it is ultra pixels, but ultra is just a marketing term used to make people not look down on the fact that it is 4 megapixels and a megapixel is a megapixel. The fact is that the megapixel is the only metric that a consumer has ever been taught to gauge a camera by and more megapixels does not mean better images. In fact, a 4 megapixel camera takes a 2240 x 1680 picture. That is a good deal larger than a 1080p display. So what is the advantage of an ultrapixel over a megapixel? The answer is light. I won't bore you with the science of it all, but basically each pixel allows 300% more photons to be absorbed by the sensor, which leads to crisper images. Every pixel on the HTC one gets a more accurate snapshot of what it is photographing. Another advantage of the ultrapixel is since it lets in more light, it takes incredible lowlight shots. Where other cameras see darkness, the One can get a clear image. If you want to just use your phone to capture images for Facebook, instagram, snapchat, or even to show on a 1080p screen, the HTC will perform better than almost any phone on the market. However, if you want to edit your photos in something like photoshop or zoom in really far on them, this isn't the best camera. So the advantages of the One's camera: excellent image quality for the pixels that it has, phenomenal low light performance, rapid snapshots and fast storage. The disadvantages: it is only 4 megapixels. I have really mixed feelings about it. It is certainly a great camera, but I really wish that it could capture higher resolution. I cannot ignore, however, the amazing technological feat that is the ultrapixel and I applaud HTC for taking the phone in this unique direction. This camera at 8 megapixels would be the best smartphone camera to ever exist, but as it stands now, it is only good.7/10Reception, radios, and call quality: I have to be fair, my last phone, the S2, held onto a signal like no other phone. Maybe it is just the stark contrast of going from a phone that did such an excellent job to an average phone, but I have to say I am really underwhelmed by reception. I still can get reception almost anywhere, and this truly is not a large problem. This phone has a plethora of radios within: NFC, Bluetooth 4.0, wifi a/c (newest standard that I am impressed was included; makes this phone future proof for wifi), an IR blaster to control your TV, GSM (yes, GSM!) radios for global roaming, standard sprint CDMA radios, and 1900mhz LTE radios. I am really let down that sprint and HTC only have 1900mhz radios inside of this phone for LTE, and let me explain why. As Sprint builds out their 4G LTE network, they will be deploying in two frequencies: 1900 and 800. 1900 has its own set of advantages, but one disadvantage is that it doesn't have the best building penetration, 800 on the other hand does. By not including a networking technology that they will be deploying next year, HTC one buyers will have to "enjoy" a poorer network experience inside of buildings in comparison to those with 800mhz radios in their phones. This isn't a deal breaker, and 95% of the people with this phone wont even know the difference. Call quality is superb. What makes it so great is the noise cancelation that this phone has. I was in a crowded concrete stairwell and was practically shouting into my phone to overcome the perceived noise around me. The person on the other end asked why I was doing that. The noise cancellation was so good that they could hear me, even when I was talking in a normal voice. Props for that HTC. So for this lengthy section here is the rundown: lots of good radios, many future proof, but no 800mhz LTE, reception is acceptable but not exceptional, and call quality is superb.8/10Performance: This phone is seriously overpowered. It has a 1.7ghz quad core processor, that is more processing power than most computers have. Couple that with 2 gb of ram and you have a powerhouse. Combined with the very well optimized software, there is no hint of lag anywhere.10/10Software: HTC sense. Well it is sense. Some like it, some don't. I will probably root my phone and put on a stock rom. For those who don't though, this software is very clean and modern looking and also very optimized for the hardware so the system shows no lag. One thing is for sure: it is much better than touch wiz (samsung's software). My one minor quibble: the one is not running the most recent version of android, but that truly isn't a big deal as it has almost all of the same software features as 4.2.9/10Battery life: This phone has been regularly lasting me all day and I will plug it in when I get home at night or go to bed. I haven't really had any trouble with it, although others complain that they do.9/10Marketed specs: what's a gimmick and what is useful?Ultrapixels: Useful. They capture incredibly crisp photos even though the megapixel count is low.Zoe: Gimmick. I have yet to find a good use for this. If I want a bunch of high-resolution photos, I would just do the rapid capture and choose my best shot.Blinkfeed: A useful gimmick. There are times when I go to blink feed to quickly get a look at news, but should it be your default home screen? No.Boom Sound: USEFUL. This is one of my favorite features of the phone. Let me start by saying, I HATE beats. Beats in and of itself is the larges gimmick of all, it is just a customized audio filter. However, on the One HTC optimized the speakers and beats to work very well together. The result: The BEST phone speakers that you have ever heard. Is this a viable substitute for a good pair of headphones? Of course not. Will this sound FAR better, louder, and more dynamic that any other phone on the market? Hell yes.IR Blaster: Useful. You can use this as a remote with your TV. I have mine set up and it is really useful when I cannot find the remote or when I am using my phone while watching TV.Sense voice: Useful. The noise cancelation is really useful when on the phone.Summary: The HTC one has quite a few competitors: the Nexus 4, iPhone 5, and Galaxy S4. For people looking into an android phone today it will probably come down to the S4 vs the One. Here are MY PERSONAL thoughts on it. The HTC One delivers many useful features with only a few gimmicks. Samsung on the other hand also has many useful features, but they also have many others that are gimmicks. Many of them make for a good sales pitch in a store but are impractical in day-to-day usage. The one area where the Galaxy S4 does win however, is on specs. It has a marginally better processor, slightly more modern ram, some additional sensors, and a larger battery. However, and this is my personal opinion, where the phone does not excel is in design. And this is why I chose the HTC one. Both have more than adequate power to get you through a two-year contract, but the One has the look and premium feel that you will enjoy for that contract. Will you like a Galaxy S4 if you get it? You probably will, but when compared to the superb design of this phone, I just think that it falls short. My honest advice? If you know what the difference between DDR3 Ram and DDR2 Ram, go ahead and get the Galaxy S4. If you have no idea what that it and enjoy a beautiful, clean device that is packed with features but not gimmicky, spring for the HTC One. I'm sure glad that I did.Averaged score: 9/10 (rounds up to 5 stars)Update 7/27/13: After 3 months of ownership, I have found my major quibbles with this phone. The one thing that I REALLY dislike about this phone is how loud the vibration is. Vibration is supposed to be a subtle thing, not something that is as loud as your ringtone (slightly exaggerated, but not by much). My other quibble is that the chamfered edge of this phone is incredibly prone to scratching. I have my phone in hand a lot, so often I will accidentally hit it on something. Those hits have translated into scratches. They aren't major scratches, but I am obsessive about the appearance of my device, so it really bothers me. Just figured I would let you guys know. I still feel the same about everything else about this phone and would highly recommend it!

Battery power is amazing on this phone, I go all day with just one full charge, and I'm a pretty heavy user, definitely puts my old Evo to shame. Sleek phone, super fast processor, great phone all around.

I love this phone so far. It works fast battery lasts almost 2 days with moderate use. Only complain I have about this phone is that you can't change the battery. Camera is great also works great in dark my Galaxy phone could not come even close to the pics I shoot with this phone. I never used all the MP of galaxy since pics were to big to send. What HTC offers is great for what I need.

I love the look of the phone and the dynamics of it, but it seems to have a short in it.

I just got this phone 4 days ago and after 3 days of being in my pocket the metal black back has scuffs on it. Really? Other than that its a great phone. Wonder sound playback and output even if you don't use the Beats Headphones. There is a bit of a learning curve when trying to personalize the phone though and you will need a silicone case for it also. I wish HTC copied Samsumg and added playback controls to the headphones the default setting will put the screen to sleep after 10 sec.

I'm on my 4th one of these, do I need to say anything else!?What the heck, hear gos. If you like actual Android, this phone is like being punched in the nuts. The overlay HTC uses will piss you off to no end. Next, maybe it's just me but I have never had a harder time rooting a phone, and I've rooted a few of them. This phone has me so frustrated I'm for real about to cancel my sprint service just to be done with this thing

I had purchased this phone to upgrade from my HTC Touch Pro 2 and WOW what an upgrade it was .I cant say anything more that what others have said about this phone because i have tried the Samsung S4 and I honestly think that this phone is a much better phone than the Samsung S4.Even though this is a branded Sprint phone it does NOT have all the BLOT ware in it like the Samsung model doesThis phone also as a feature that you use the MICRO usb to HDMI cable and you can plug it into any HDTV and watch what ever you want on the phone is displayed on your HDTV.Love the FULL rich stereo sound ( it does NOT have the sound like a home theater system would but is very nice sounding)The manufacture (HTC) allows anyone who buys it to UNLOCK it from there site for FREE .The video is really beautiful even in day light .I ordered the BLACK version and I am glad I did because it is so much more good looking than the silver version.But the only drawback that I notice from this model and the Samsung S4 is this HTC ONE does NOT have the option to add additional storage. But I think that is ok because I have a HP Tablet 32gig and I have never come close to using all the space on it .PS:::::: NOW for the BAD NEWSI dont kknow if I got a DUD or not because mine did this weird thing  meaning I would sync it to my computer and load all my contact on it and then after disconnecting it was good to go but in about 30 minutes or so I would get this notification pop on the screen saying Load Sprint default configuration you have to choose OK button on middle of screen. IT would NOT allow you to say NO or BY pass this screen with out agreeing to it..When you do agree to it I found out that it completely WIPES the phones CONTACTS off and anything else you have stored or downloaded or uploaded to it.So I sync it again and low and behold 30 minutes later while I was still playing and learning the phone there it is again the ( LOAD SPRINT DEFAULT CONFIGURATION  ( OK ) so I agreeded to it again think i might had done something wrong the first time and Low and Behold it WIPED the CONTACTS and a Couple videos I had uploaded to it.This was strange so after about 8 times of this i came to the conclusion that there is a major software problem with this phone because I even contacted HTC and they never heard of this problem.. I also check the rom version from the one that is on Sprint site because this is where the download was coming from an OTA update and the one on SPRINT site is the same file and rom version that is already on this phone so i dont have an answer why and also HTC doesn't have a reason why its doing this ( BY the way SPRINT  does NOT know either )  most people know if you call sprint TECH that goes with out saying its just a WASTE of time calling them.I am waiting an answer from HTC to see if they can duplicate this issue to see what the cause was.SPRINT DISPLAY MODEL DID NOT DO WHAT THIS ONE DIDThe unfortunate part now is that I had to send it back after only 3 days of activation.

Overall best phone I have ever purchased.  Glad I went with the HTC One instead of the Galaxy S4 like my wife.  My wife's phone freezes on her randomly and she is always complaining that she needs to charge her Galaxy S4 to often. On the other hand my phone is my work horse. I use it from 6am-4pm for work and I have never had to charge it until after I get home. Havent had any issues so far.I only gave it 4 out of 5 stars because my phone arrived with cosmetic damage and amazon would not send me a replacement until they received my damaged phone or paid for another one full price ($659). For a company known for great customer service their policy on replacing a damage phone is a bit over the top. Especially when there are people like myself that can not be without our phones for more then a couple of days do to work.  In case you were wondering I did not have a spare phone to use and was not going to be paying activation fees several times for a spare and the replacement.

It is like the perfect phone. It is very easy to use but it has a lot of features and it is a very durable phone

I cycle through my phones regularly, and over the past 4 or so years I have used smartphones on nearly every platform: webOS (palm), blackberry, android, and iOS. Prior to getting the HTC One, I was using an iPhone 4s. I should clarify that I was very happy with that phone, in particular 20 months ago when I first got it. However, I was eligible for an upgrade and impatient, and didn't think the iPhone 5 was enough of an upgrade. I was willing to wait for the next apple phone if I was convinced it was going to be better. But after seeing and using ios 7, i am not convinced. Perhaps I am wrong and the next Apple phone will be dramatically different, but that small chance wasn't worth the wait. Not to mention it seems to me that almost every 'new' feature that Apple is advertising is something that other phones already do. As I said before, I wasn't unhappy with Apple, I would still recommend them, but I felt like they have gotten pretty stale these days and aren't really on the leading edge anymore. After doing some research, I decided on the HTC One. I was deciding between the HTC One or the Galaxy S4. For me, I think it came down to the feel of the phone. I was a little concerned the screen would be too big, but I haven't found that to be the case.I have had the phone for about a month now and i am really enjoying it. I think the feature that I enjoy most is the Zoe highlight thing. I frequently use it to capture 3 second videos rather than just pictures, and am amazed how it creates 30 second professional looking highlight videos of my events.Anyways, I could get into more detail about all features and other specs, but you can find them elsewhere. The bottom line is that if you are currently using an iPhone and hesitant to make the switch, don't be. This phone is awesome.

FULL DISCLOSURE: I did not purchase this phone through Amazon.com but rather through an in-store retailer... Still, I purchased this exact phone as an upgrade to my existing Sprint line of service, have thus far been extremely impressed, and want to share my experience with a broad audience. There are lots of great things about this phone and a few potential downfalls which I will list below.PROS:Build quality - I'll keep this short, the build quality is excellent, extremely high quality. On par or exceeds any other phone on the market. In fairness though, if I had to do it all over again I'd probably choose the silver over the black model, just bc the black is somewhat more prone to finger prints, smudging, and scuffing.Screen - I came from an iPhone 4S, and the screen on this bad boy is top-notch. The bright, LCD screen measures 4.7 inches across and has a full HD/1080p resolution display. That translates to an absurdly sharp 400+ ppi. The size is virtually perfect as well, I have fairly small hands but can still navigate this phone with ease, which is something I can't say about lots of new Android phones on the market.Audio - I listen to a lot of music, and the front-facing speakers & audio software on this phone, i.e. what HTC calls &#34;Boomsound,&#34; provide hands-down the best audio I have ever heard from a mobile device. Heck, the audio is better than some laptops I've heard. It's surprisingly loud, clear, and sharp.Performance & UI - I was concerned before making my purchase as the One has been on the market for most of this year, and as we know, in the smartphone world a month can be an eternity for performance. Even so, the quad-core Snapdragon 600 processor & 2 gbs of RAM provide good performance. HTC's Sense 5, although admittedly not perfect, is light for an Android skin. It doesn't bog down performance in my experience, and I'll admit to loving the graphical presentation of the UI.Data Speeds - 4G LTE ... need I say more? Coming from a 3G only phone, the performance boost on Sprint's network here in New Orleans is remarkable. I'm consistently getting between 5-10 mbps download / 3-5 mbps upload. Compared to 4G speeds on other carriers, I know that may not sound impressive, but it's plenty fast. In fact, it's faster than my home wifi. Still, Sprint's LTE network coverage is spotty and this may vary in your location.Value - I paid $49 for the phone with a 2 year contract extension, which IMO is a great price (and the same as what Amazon is currently asking). You get a lot of bang for your buck, the phone always seems to have a trick up it's sleeve, (for example, the phone comes out the box with a super functional IR blaster to control your TV) and comes standard with 32 gigs of storage on board.CONSBloatware - I know this is more of an Android issue and isn't specific to the HTC One, but the amount of bloatware on the phone was borderline obscene, I wish I could easily delete the bloatware I neither need nor want. &#60;-- Carriers and manufacturers, I'm talking to you here!Camera - while not per se bad, it's not spectacular either. Even though low light performance is pretty good, color noise can be a problem, and the camera struggles with accurate color reproduction.Battery - it's just OK, with moderate to heavy use and battery saver mode enabled, I still can't get a full day's worth of juice out the phone. I'd say battery life isn't even on par with my old iPhone 4S, and considering the 4S had a far smaller battery, this has been one area of disappointment.Conclusion: I cannot fairly give this phone anything but the highest review. It comes highly recommended.

Bought this for my mom before it went on sale for a penny. (Got one for me when it was on penny sale) Still don't regret the higher cost. This phone is well worth it.

Excellent design, good phone quality, nice features, good camera resolution and looks decent.Would recommend to all phone buyers who dont like iphone and want to stick with Android.

After an initial glitch with software, a factory reset and then the latest Android updates, this phone runs like a champ and holds up to my daily usage. It's fast and easy to set up to how you use it. I turned off the blinkfeed and just use folders for all my app types, and it works well.

This phone put a smile on my face and i am discovering new features on it almost daily way fast than my previous phone (iphone 4s) and screen of course huge in comparison. I was worried about leaving IOS aka iphone but im so glad i did and i wont look back. Ive tried other android phone aswell but this on is a beast. If your a photo taker this is a great phong for u aswell the features it has through android are cool but htc as out done themselves too. BUY IT ALLREADY YOU'LL BE HAPPY

Bought this phone on an 2 yr upgrade for $1, after haggling best buy on the cyber monday special they were having for $50, and they tried to stop that special 8 hours early and tried increasing it $70 or $80, Should have gone to Amazon first like usual.

I posted a review on the red one but will also post my warning on the black one as well. These phones have speaker issues. We have gone through THREE of these phones. ALL of them have had functional issues. The first 2 both had the external speakers die within the return period. Thankfully we were able to return them and get a new one through Amazon! This one, the actual phone mic went bad. Try making/answering a call with a bad mic. My husband had to switch to speaker phone constantly just so the caller could hear him. It was horribly frustrating to try to call him. Sadly it broke after the return period and HTC NEVER responded to my husband.I have never had such issues with a cell phone since my Startek. My first smartphone was a HTC and I loved it. It was easy to root and never had an issue with it. These were all a piece a junk. I am surprised how many people rave about it. We went through THREE of them. Maybe if it was just one we had an issue with I would have chalked it up as a fluke. But THREE of them? No way. My husband has sworn off HTC because of this and their lack of response to our complaints.
