
No question asked, This is the best phone ever.Using iPhone last 4 Years. Happy to be part of Apple family

Battery life sucks period.  Very Fragile Watch out! IOS is not as good as android's Ice Cream Sandwich which is way more refine and way more powerful.  The best features of this phone is a copy of android features but the copied features are not good.  Too Little to Late.  Multitasking (taken from android) still need work.  It is still not true multitasking.  The New notification bar (taken from android) not even close to android, androids notification bar is customization. Siri another rip of google voice command from 4 years ago still needs work.  Icloud another copy of android cloud sync is still in the baby stages.  Apple is copying android, the features copied from android are still in the baby stages as you can tell when you use the phone.  I rather not get a phone that lacks features like navigation, true multitasking, true cloud base and more.  Get the Galaxy Nexus, IOS = IFail.

Exactly as advertisedArrived on timeNo scratchesWorked fine out side USA with different carriersIt was missing the pin to change the SIM card but was not a problem

The iphone 4s works well after I bought it two weeks ago. The only unexpected thing was that the box containing iphone was opened. The seller said that it's because they checked the products and its accesseries before delivery. Additionally, I had to ask the receipt from the seller. I was worried about it. Will update news soon.

I did use a Samsung Galaxy before but got frustrated by:Unstable Software:To many times the system got frozen. I had to restart my phone, sometimes even had to take the battery out to do the restart since the Software restart didn't work anymore.Sometimes the Phone also freezes for a short time while e.g. playing a game.The web browser crashes to many times.Design:Actually not the biggest issue for me, but the Samsung Galaxy Case is way beyond the Quality and design of the IphoneSo I bought an iPhone instead and I didn't regret it for one second.-> Software and Hardware really fit together. Way less crashes and much smoother operating!-> Case looks way better.Should have bought an iPhone instead of a Samsung already a long time ago!

I charged it overnight. In the morning, it shows 100% battery. I left it at home. So It was on stand-by for about 24 hours before I got back the next morning. It has 20% left. I tested on another 3-year old BlackBerry Storm2. It has 80% left the next morning.Today I used my Iphone 4S to record some street walks. One recorded file is ~439MB. It ran out of disk space. So I pulled out the BlackBerry to record more. Returning home, I copied several video files off the BlackBerry including one ~450MB to my Free Agent external back up hard drive USB2.0. It went just fine. Then I copied several video files off the Iphone 4S. It hung on the 439MB file for ~2 minutes. Then it gave up without warning. That is, on the USB hard drive, it shows 0 KB. I then carefully inspected all the videos files of similar sizes. There are 6 files set at 0 KB on the destination USB hard drive.In my personal history of copy and pasting, first time a system copies and sets the size to zero as the Iphone did. This never happens even when coping files with a floppy disk. The USB hard drive has about 100GB left.Using password log-in is  not very lucky. My password once started with number 9. When I put in number 9, it often landed on Cancel key. I had to try several times to make it work. I also have to push the OK key several times to make it accept the password.This is a phone my company gave me. I have no plan and intention to buy anything from Apple Store. But to install app, I have to create Apple ID. The problem is that if you don't give Steve Jobs your credit card number, it keeps on asking you for your billing address. Well, I provided a valid address: my company's address. It refused to take it...I will ask my company to give me a phone that supports free Cisco VPN app installation without me having to give up my credit card number and residential address.Sometimes if you view youtube video clips, older ones do not release memory so that I have to power down and reboot the whole thing.Overall, it is a system that does not do basic things well. It seems to have sacrificed too much for the nice video features. Its memory and hard drive storage smell suber-par compared to regular SD card performance.

Just picked up my first iPhone 4S and quickly discovered that the BLuetooth feature will not work on many devices including other Apple products.  Check the web and you will see what I mean.  This phone is going back to the carrier tomorrow.  Wish Apple would acknowledge such a major flaw and fix it.  Call to Apple support did not help.  They are in denial.  Try a Motorola or Samsung phone if this feature is important to you.

It is all ugly sharp angles and is made of glass. Nothing special about this glass, kids....it is glass. When dropped, it shatters, glass everywhere. Had my old iPhone forever, dropped it everyday with no case - the thing still works. Even felt safe letting my 3 year old play with it. With this New phone, first dropping incident, the phone is shattered on the back (not the front, thankfully - still works, but taped together to keep the glass from falling out.) had it for a week. So... weird product update, ugly new design, and bizarre choice of materials for a mobile heavily-used object. maybe next they'll update using spun sugar as the material to replace the glass. That way you'll have to buy another when you get it damp from the humidity in the air! Seriously, if you buy this thing, invest in a heavy-duty case. Still no guarantee that will protect it, but hey, buyer beware!

It's my dream. Thats the ideal product! And color is really "deep" black. 16 Gb should be enough for a lifetime!

This product was said to arrive within 4 days of its shipping, and it came in 2. It was so easy to activate with my carrier, and the phone was in perfect condition! I have had zero glitches (knock on wood), and would definitely recommend not only this product, but also this company!

I am an old APPLE customer, I had and have Ipods, Iphone, Ipads etc.I recently bought through Amazon a Apple iPhone 4S 16GB - AT&T; - Black [Unlocked Phone] Condition: New Sold by: WorldWide DistributorsTo my surprise this phone was delivered LOCKED, in spite the Amazon offer was UNLOCKED as above.I did complain to Amazon, which denied help also in appeal, saying that I complained late.I did talk and write to AT&T; to help me unlocked the Iphone, and they finally said they do not unlock phones sold by AmazonSo Apple is the maker of the iPhone and I am the customer, but between us there is Amazon and AT&T; doing what I call non-ethical distribution of Apple's product (selling UNLOCKED and delivering LOCKED phones).I have all documents (invoices, orders, e-mails with me.After this I will quit being a Amazon client.Paulo G.ValenteRio de Janeiro Brazil

GREAT PROUDUCT :0) :-)I wanted the i phone ever since it came out , but unfortunately I had to wait . But fortunately for me I waited until the right time! My new I phone 4s is great I bring it everywhere and use it every chance I get. I constantly use it even after almost a year of having it .PROS.fun.great for someone who wants one.cool.its slickCONS.nothing

product came on time and is in amazing shape, it looks brand new no smudges or scratches definitely a good product

My Verizon Droid X finally died, so it was time for an upgrade. There was mixed reviews about the New Droid phones so I decided to go with the IPHONE 4S, no one seemed to have anything bad to say. I have a Ipod touch and a few other Ipods which are great MP3 players, The best.  However, I'm returning The IPHONE 4S, it's just an Ipod touch with a phone. Here is what nobody ever told me about their glorious Iphones:Cons-~There is no swype~No Picasa app~Audible app is limited( you must be on Wi-Fi to download a book)~Actually, you must be on Wi-Fi to do anything( that Icloud, ya, not unless you are on Wi-Fi)~ No Smugmug App~Really no good way to upload your pics to an online account~ No Google Play app( store your music in the cloud then stream to your phone, doesn't take upAll your memory.~No FirefoxSome of you might say there is a way to get past most of those Cons by Jailbreaking the Iphone. But if the Iphone is so great, why do I have to "hack" it just to make it as good as my android phone. The IPHONE IS JUST AN IPOD TOUCH WITH A PHONE. I'm getting the new Razr Maxx.

It's outlook is not so new,while it's function can reach my need.I should have a deep clear and prison-break for it.

This phone is the best ever. It is fast...the dream cell phone.The only thing that has not help is AT&T;! Data plan is not so good.Very hard to get on the internet or search anything. The cell phoneis all anybody can think of. the Phone is 100% ready but the plan may bethe downfall. There are a total of four 4S 16GB in this house. that is the storyand I am sticking to it!

The phone is a great phone, Although the phone that was bought from Amazon seller sent me a used phone, when a new one was purchased. It took a month to get my money back.

Its really good,fast,and easy to use like all iphones its great.You can make free money from it tooGo to the' AppStoreDownload app trailersEnter the code idk456 for one of the gift cards

I like this product because of its sides changing and go onto Sri and say anything and it reads what you say to it most of the time.

So I got this right before a trip two-day trip to Disneyland. My wife has an iPhone 4 and my teen kids recently each received the iPhone 3GS for Yule 2012. I was worried about battery life but the phone made it through each day with moderate use of texting the kids and my parents about meetups, checking and posting to Facebook and taking pictures throughout each day. We also used an app on it to check wait times for various rides to make the most of our visit. The battery lasted from 7 a.m. to midnight the first day. Charged overnight at the hotel and no problems the next day.It has replaced my iPad for a lot of things because it is easier to carry around on the go. Will probably flash the iPad to allow it to be a household controller, media device. All in all the iPhone 4S is a much better device than my previous Blackberry and I am very happy with it. The only disappointment is Siri. It just isn't as helpful as they make it out to be. Can't dock the phone because of this though. Just isn't for me. I do love the dictation features and use those more than Siri so all is not lost.

ok i understand that! but my phone carrier its not from ATT CARRIER IT SAYS ITS FROM VERIZON, AND UNDER MY CELLPHONE BOX HAVE THE WRONG IMEI NUMBER AND MY PHONE HAS ANOTHER ONE!I WANT U EXPLAIN ME ABOUT IT, CUZ WHEN I BOUGHT IT SAID IT WAS FROM ATT NOT VERIZON

If the price is to good and there is no tracking number, beware. We ordered a product and was given an arrival date. It never arrived and Amazon said to wait another week. We called our credit company and canceled the transaction. These guys are long gone!

Hello i want to know it the iPhone 4s its new never used before, and you said its unlocked its truth?

This is the newest apple iPhone and it's amazing! New and improved retina display, improved mega pixel camera, shoots 1080p video and Siri. If you don't have one of these you need to get one!

While I have owned an iPhone 4S for around a year now, the purpose of my review is for someone who may be considering the iPhone 4S as a current buy. Getting straight to the pros and cons of the iPhone:1. Extremely well balanced feature set that makes it ideal for everyday use. The redesigned antenna works very well even in low signal areas, the music player, the web browser, the email client, the App Store, the camera and battery life are all best in class in my opinion.2. Out of the Apple services, the Maps app has a very good UI and is good for turn by turn navigation but the points of interest database isn't as good as Google - BUT you can always use Google Maps over the browser if you like so that is NOT a limitation in my opinion, AirPlay is very useful if you also have an Apple TV at home, iMessage and FaceTime are not unique in that other platforms have similar inbuilt apps, but the iPhone 4S implementation is simply better because the UI is much more straightforward and it never ever locks up the device or causes it to crash.3. Siri works very well for voice commands and has gotten much better of late. iCloud is also another well executed service if you want to store music and movies in the cloud and then access it from any Apple device. The iPhone 4S integration with iCloud is very good and with it, you don't need to ever connect an iPhone 4S to a computer. I have never connected mine to a PC in a year.4. The screen is very clear and is easily visible even in direct sunlight - even at max brightness the iPhone 4S has more than acceptable battery life. All the other large screen phones I have used, at max brightness the battery life start declining at very fast rate. In a nutshell, with the iPhone 4S one is not compromising acceptable battery life for screen brightness.5. While some may find the Apple UI boring, the advantage is that the UI is not intrusive and let's a user focus squarely on using apps and not on fiddling with features and functions on the device.6. The size is smaller than the typical Android phone, but the iphone 4S has a very good overall feel and for my daily use it is very convenient. I guess if you play a lot of games then a larger screen may be acceptable, but as a daily smartphone the iPhone 4S is extremely well designed aesthetically and in size. The iphone 4S is completely one hand operational without any issues whatsoever. The phone is also very well balanced to hold.7. The glass back is likely to break and that is probably the biggest drawback of the iPhone 4/S design. If you are someone who drops their phone then you simply have to get a bumper, with the bumper the phone is pretty much shatter proof. I have dropped mine with a bumper several times and the phone is still scratch free.In my opinion, the iPhone 4S is a true classic. It will easily meet the needs of most people who use smartphones. It is extremely well balanced with features and design. I didn't really mention games as a strong point, but the Apple App Store easily has the most compelling games available for a smartphone even if the screen is smaller on the iPhone. In the end the difference in screen size between the iPhone 4S and iPhone 5 is only half an inch and between an iPhone 4S and the larger Android phones it's only an inch or so. In terms usability, the extra screen real estate does not matter much especially since the UI on the 4S is so smooth and responsive and zooming in and out is not an issue. It is much worse when you have a larger screen but the phone's UI stutters and apps crash and you need to remove the battery every now and then to reboot it.The iPhone 4S is one of the best consumer electronics products I have ever owned. It is so well executed that I believe it will be considered a classic. The 4S is a much better phone than the 4 and justifies the upgrade, but in my humble opinion the jump from 4S to 5 is much more subtle in terms of what more the phone can do.

I have had the iPhone 4s for a few months now, getting it as an update on my cell plan with Verizon. So far, I like it. It runs well, the battery life seems to be pretty good, and I don't have problems with things working on it.My only real complaint is that it has far too many apps that I will never use, and I have been unable to delete off my phone. It's a little frustrating to have to deal with all those useless apps being there when I honestly don't need them.

Lost my iPhone 5 and needed an affordable replacement.  Had an android phone for a few weeks and hated it. I just HAD to get an iPhone back in my hand. Great phone and easy to use!

I had been waiting for the longest time for the rumored iphone 5. I made an old-school 3G (non-S) model last for over 2 years, and it was getting to be painfully slow. Plus, thanks to my getting it wet and dropping it many times, it was literally falling apart. The volume switch on the side fell out.. well anyway, it was on its last legs. I was very tempted by the iphone 4, but I said no, as soon as I sign up for that, they'll just release something better. And I was right. The iphone 4S leaves the older 4 and my 3G in the dust. I like all of the features on this thing. The camera is great, it has a flash, and the video camera is really good. Such a huge leap up from my old 3G it's unreal. I even found a way to get siri to cuss at me! I tell her to play a song by Pantera, "F***ing Hostile," and she says, "playing F***ing Hostile." Cool. That siri gal has a bit of an attitude, too! She will give you some snarky answers.So anyway, I realize this phone is a stopgap to hold people until the REAL iphone 5 is released. I realize I'm locked into this phone for 2 years, and it won't be the newest thing for all that time. So? This is way better than the one I had, and I'm a patient person. I'm enjoying vastly improved performance and features I never had before in a phone. It works very well for me, and it has yet to drop a call. In 2 years, I'll see what the iphone 5 looks like, maybe I'll go for it if it's a big enough step up over this phone.

The "iPhone 4S 16GB" FactsThe "iPhone 4S" is the latest and greatest smart phone from Apple. The top-of-the-line unit features an Apple A5 Dual-Core processor, IOS 5.0 & iCloud, all new 8MP camera and optics, 3.5-inch (diagonal) Retina widescreen Multi-Touch display with 960-by-640 pixel resolution. And introducing Siri, a truly remarkable voice recognition system that has thus far lived up to its considerable commercial billing.

I bought the 4s a while back when it just came out, so I've had it for a while. Prior smart phone was the Galaxy S, which wasn't bad either until a few months in when the thing bogged down.The 4s has been pretty stable, especially prior to the IOS 6 install. Ever since the last update I've noticed some delays or hick-ups that are only solvable by rebooting the device. Overall it's a solid device for which you don't need a screen protector. The glass is scratch resistant and mine still looks like new.Facetime is great, iMessages are awesome, especially since some of my relatives live overseas.If you're wanting an iPhone, start with this one, it's the same as the 5 only a smaller screen and much cheaper now. Don't think you can personalize the phone completely to your liking, because after all, it is an Apple.

very nice mobile phone ,so many applications,and works perfect. I think I maybe a new fan of iphone . Bring much convenient to my daily life.

Don't buy this apple product.  The home button will stop working and Apple will not stand behind their product.  I will never buy another apple product again.  Had the phone for 11 months home button was not working all the time sent it to apple and got it back and the button would not work at all, and they claimed the phone was tampered with.  All I can say is yeah by apples terrible warranty department.  They don't stand by their products!!!!

I guess I'm more of an Android type.. I got this the day it came out, I was happy with my previous droid incredible until it got lost, and than on my way to out of country I found out that Steve Jobs passed away. I was never to exited about apple products (except for the first iPhone which to me was a game changer), but Steve Jobs was always a hero for me so I decided to get the new iPhone instead of an android (for the memory of Steve).First, the battery is bad! I need to charge it twice or trice a day and no, I don't speak for more than 3 hours straight a day. Second, after use to android (my ex droid incredible anyway) using the iPhone feels kind of crippling. I have it for about 4-5 months and I still find my self long pressing blank spots hoping to add an app or a widget.The phone options are very limiting compering to the incredible and the operating speed feels almost identical! I'm not sure if it something to criticize the iPhone for or to kudos the incredible for, but I have to say that in the monarchy of movement and smoothness, iPhone 4s is still a king.The screen is beautiful, the app selection is vast, the speaker is loud and the device is slick which are all good things.As far as a phone, the reception is good and so is call quality but I'm getting more drop calls than on any device I had before (I'm on Verizon). Again, the battery drains real fast which is a bummer but I had the same problem with my incredible R.I.P so I guess it's a general smartphone issue (still a drag though).I know it seems like I have more bad than good to say about the iPhone, and it is a review I'm posting after 5 months of use, but I'm aware that a lot of this negativeness is due to me getting use to a different platform. My next phone will defiantly be an android phone but objectively speaking, the iPhone is still a wonder thing and I'm sure most people will like the Apple experience way more than the more customizable android way which I prefer!

I recently switched from a HTC Desire (Google Android) to an iPhone 4S, and I have finally got to experience what the fuss is all about. Firstly it's a beautiful phone, both externally, and in terms of interface. Everything is gorgeous, smooth moving, and clean looking. The interface never becomes jerky or slow, unlike with my Desire, and although that sounds like a minor thing, it actually makes a huge amount of difference: Just using the phone is enjoyable, everything feels really "solid".The keyboard is also FAR improved to the one I had to suffer with for two years on my HTC Desire. I've only had my iPhone a few days and I'm already a fast typer than I ever was with that phone. Well done, Apple!That said, there are few things that my HTC Desire did better:1. The Desire came with an LED indicator that would flash green if I had any updates. That meant that I could glance at my phone across the room and see if I had any texts, missed calls, emails, Facebook updates, etc. It was very handy. The iPhone 4S has a feature to use its flash in a similar manner, but it actually only flashes the instant you receive a text or email. Then it stops, meaning it's pretty useless.2. The Desire came with a way to control the cursor. The "home" button on that phone also detected finger movement. If I was typing something and I wanted to go back a few characters, I could just move my thumb across it, and control the flashing cursor between the letters. It was extremely useful and I find myself trying to do it on the iPhone. Unfortunately on the iPhone all you can do is hold your finger on the screen and drag the cursor to where you want it to be (you also had this option on the Desire, but I never used it because the other way was far more efficient). It's a little glitchy and a lot slower. Shame.3. When I wanted to search the internet for something with my HTC Desire, I could just press the "Search" button on the case. It was quick and intuitive. On the iPhone it's astonishingly laborious: You must go into the web browser and select the "Google" bar on the top right hand corner of the screen. It's not THAT bad, however, because there's a shortcut that allows you to zip up to the top of the screen.4. Although the scrolling is wonderfully smooth on the iPhone (certainly smoother than the Desire was), it's a lot slower. On my Desire I could "flick" the screen with my finger and it would keep scrolling on its own, with its own inertia (it would eventually slow down depending on how fast I had "flicked" it). This was fantastic when all you want to do is check for new comments on a blog post. You could quickly and easily scroll down to the bottom of a page, without any finger strain.On the iPhone the scrolling stops soon after you let go, making navigating long pages a very arduous experience indeed.5. On top of the lack of an LED indicator, the iPhone is also lacking with regards to keeping you informed of updates. On my HTC Desire there would be an icon at the top of the screen, no matter what I was doing, letting me know if I had any updates. A different icon for each update: An email, a text message, a missed call, a Facebook update, a new Twitter message, etc.On the iPhone you get informed, but then it's gone. It's hard to explain how this isn't as good as the Android equivalent, and I understand that it probably sounds minor to those who have never used an Android phone.Update: I've actually gotten used the Apple way of doing things, so while it may jar for those who move across, chances are you'll adapt like I have.6. One of the best Apps on the Android is a free one called "FoxyRing". It has a terrible name, but it's brilliant: It automatically adjusts your ring/notification volume for you, depending on the loudness of the ambient sound around you. Just walked into a Library? It will turn the volume down for you. In the middle of a gig? It will turn it up for you. All done automatically. You can also set it so that your phone automatically goes to silent at a given time, every evening (say 11pm) and goes back to normal (i.e. automatically adjusting your volume) at 8am. In other words, I never had to worry about my phone's volume, it was just taken care of.Sadly Apple do not allow Apps to have this sort of control, and they don't have the equivalent system built in to their OS. It's a real shame because I think it will eventually become standard in the future for people not to have to worry about their phone's volume.Anyways, this is a minor concern, because a lot of people won't have that particular App.So ultimately, while there are flaws with this phone, they don't ruin the experience. It's a little shocking to me, as a new user, that Apple has seen fit to focus their attention on gimmicks like "Siri" (I don't know anyone who really makes use of it), when there are could be some great improvements made to the interface.Would I go back to an Android? Nope. At least, not right now. The experience on the iPhone, however frustratingly idiosyncratic at times, is still an enjoyable one. The little graphical touches, the slickness of the presentation, and the simplicity of use, all make it really satisfying. After the many quirks of my Android phone, it's really nice to have a phone "that just works". It may not do exactly what you want it to do, but what it does do, it does extremely well.Final note: Be prepared to spend a bit extra on a case and/or screen protector. Not only is the iPhone notoriously fragile and prone to smashing if dropped (I know about five people with cracked screens), it's also pretty slippery in your hand compared to other phones. A rubber case will make it less likely to take a tumble out of your hand, and a screen protector will keep that glass screen scratch free. It's an unfortunate hidden cost, in my opinion.Additional note: If you're an Android user, you may also be shocked to discover how lacklustre Apple's support for Facebook and GMail are. Both of these apps are not as good as their Android counterparts at the time of writing, and there's no way to "link" phone numbers to Facebook accounts. Another annoying, but minor, quirk of the iPhone to be aware of.

This is an awesome phone. Siri tries her best haha but the phone itself is great. I use it for my business a lot and it keeps me well organized. The software is great (iOS 6.1) but of course like any other phone it has its bugs. Great phone overall!

The only good thing about this Smartphone is its sleek look and nice stylish cases. Once you get beyond those smoke and mirrors you're left with a smartphone that has a 3.5" screen and an annoying OS that has limited on screen options to go back and forth, open multiple windows, and even the typing is rediculously bad with the single letter options instead of word predict. I will admit that Androids have their shortcomings on their OS design along with their apps seem inconsistent but overall, Androids offer a bigger screen and more flexibility for surfing the web which is what I really want my phone to do.

First a confession: I make my living installing, configuring, and supporting Microsoft products, and I even own a Windows Phone 7, but I am fast becoming an Apple convert.  My portable MP3 player is an Apple iPod Touch (4th) Generation and I am on my second iPad!  The Apple name has become known for innovative products that just work and work well. Sure they're a little more expensive than their competitors, but the company's product are well worth the entry price.So, even though I own and use a Windows Phone 7, I had to spring for an Apple 4S 16GB phone not long after it hit my local Best Buy.The "iPhone 4S 16GB" FactsThe "iPhone 4S" is the latest and greatest smart phone from Apple. The top-of-the-line unit features an Apple A5 Dual-Core processor, IOS 5.0 & iCloud, all new 8MP camera and optics, 3.5-inch (diagonal) Retina widescreen Multi-Touch display with 960-by-640 pixel resolution.  And introducing Siri, a truly remarkable voice recognition system that has thus far lived up to its considerable commercial billing.The 4.9 pound iPhone 4S is the same size and weight as its predecessor the iPhone 4, but is an improvement over its older sibling.  Other new features include: 1080p High Definition (HD) video recording, all new optics, Notification Center, Photo Stream, iMessage, iCloud, and Twitter integration all made possible by IOZS 5.0.No matter what hardware version (16GB, 32GB, or 64GB) you chose the Ultra-Portable, iPhone 4S is a simple device with very few moving parts.  The power button sits on the top of the device on the right, while a standard 3.5mm headphone jack is situated on the top to the right left of the power button.  Along the left edge of the ultra-thin (0.37") iPhone 4S you will find the vibrate/sound slider switch along with the volume control buttons.  On the bottom of the unit you will find the proprietary USB power port. And since it is proprietary you cannot plug a USB memory stick into it, but with the provided cord, you can plug it into your computer and sync with iTunes and charge the device.  There is also a standard 120 volt plug-in so you can change the unit via an outlet.Siri Likes MeBefore I picked up the iPhone 4S a friend and colleague of mine purchased one.  When I asked her about it she stated that Siri "was not her friend!"  When I asked her to explain further she stated that about the only thing she could get Siri to do was wake her up in the morning; the voice commands were just not producing the expected or desired results.Needless to say I was a little apprehensive about Siri myself, but my experience with the technology has been vastly different from my colleague's.  Siri has never failed to deliver for me, not once and I am in love with the convenience the technology represents.What is Siri?  Siri is billed as an "intelligent assistant that helps you get things done.  All you have to do is ask."  Siri is voice recognition software taken to a whole new level.  Now the technology has been around for years, but it has never been perfect and never heavily commercialized, but the technology is now ready for commercial debut in a big way.With Siri I can make phone calls, ask for directions, send text messages, dictate and send e-mail, schedule meetings, set reminders, locate hotels, restaurants and other commercial establishments in a given location, etc., all of which I have done successfully with Siri.  So, I can only conclude that Siri likes me!iCloudApple IOS 5.0 ships with Apples' newest innovation iCloud a technology that allows one to sync all of your various Apple devices (iPhone, iPad, iPod) wirelessly via the "cloud."  iCloud "stores you music, photos, electronic books, apps, mail (only @me.com e-mail), contacts, calendars, and documents (only iPage documents). Once turned on it works automatically across devices.  Add something to one device and it will show up on the other device when it syncs.Now this does not mean that all of your music will suddenly appear everywhere.  Default space for iCloud is only 5GB (more space can be purchase if needed; 10GB: $20.00/Year, 20GB: $40.00/Year, and 50GB: $100.00/Year), and only purchased music is synced via iCloud unless you sign up for iTunes Match a technology that allows you to access all your other music from iCloud -- including music you've ripped from your CD collection.  Price: $24.99 a year and requires IOS 5.0.1.Setting up iTunes Match is a three step process and takes a while to complete.  All of your various devices will need to be setup for use the service once it's completely set up.  I signed up for the service and it works rather well.First Impressions:I really, really like my new iPhone 4S 16GB with a couple of reservations; 1. the phone doesn't always place a call the first time a number is dialed.  When this happens I have to hang up and dial again.  Another gripe is one I share with most iPhone 4 users: battery power, or the lack thereof.  The unit is only good for a day of moderate use.  Standby time will last a little longer, say 48 hours.Like all Apple devices setting up Wi-Fi is easy enough; when turned on the antenna continually looks for new Wi-Fi connections and once connected, it remembers and automatically connects to the Wi-Fi network when next encountered.What make the iPhone so useful, far and away more than any phone I have ever used, are the Apps.  And iPhone ships with plenty.  New with IOS 5.0 is iMessage a texting app that speaks via e-mail address or phone number.  Texting is automatic between iPhone, iPad, and iPod.Heat & NoiseThere is neither of both; end of story.ConclusionsThe iPhone 4S is a winner in my book, despite the lack of a "5" moniker.  The combination of light weight, functionality, and connectedness is far better than phones I have used in the past.  The Windows Phone 7 comes close, but falls short of the mark in several arenas.  And Siri, I like Siri and Siri likes me.

i want ask a question, is this phone a locked phone or unlocked? can i used it in other countries?

Very quick and powerful phone. I use it for both work and personal use. The service provided by AT&T however is horrible. I do not recommend AT&T. Subscribe to Verizon service if you plan to buy this phone.

I love my Apple Products and will continue to buy them.  However, am a little disappointed in the new 4S.  The mapping features have a lot of inaccuracies.  Siri can sometimes help, but is mostly annoying.  She stopped being funny a long time ago.  I have four kids that can get smart with me.  If she was more helpful, it wouldn't be as annoying.  But, in all honesty, I find it easier and less distracting to simply use the internet.  An important footnote.  If you are new to the iPhone, I think getting the 4S is a good idea.  It is the best of the iPhones.  But if you have an iPhone 4 (like I did), you might just want to wait until the next generation!

It has passed a month since I oredered the iphone and I havent receive it yet, it is the worse service I've ever had

Although it had the word "Unlocked" in its description and it's listed under:Cell Phones & Accessories > Unlocked PhonesThat's a huge lie!The phone is locked to AT&T; and won't work until you manage to have it unlocked which is very hard if you don't leave in US.After 3 months I bought it I still can't use it.I tried to contact AT&T; and they refused to help me saying that since I'm not a "AT&T; customer" they can't unlock my phone.Frustrating!

I have both iPad and iPhone, these have been the best mobile device I've used to date.  I don't think I will use anything else anytime soon.  So easy to use and tons of apps to choose from, you cannot go wrong with any Apple mobile device.

Same old locked down ecosystem and OS.  I owned every iphone since the original and I finally had enough and sold my 4s and got a Galaxy Nexus.  The first 3 iphones were ahead of the crowd.  But over the last few years iphone has gotten stale while the rest of the industry is innovating and is now way ahead.

This is by far the best phone I know of its not to big or too small. It has a huge selection of apps. It has almost everything. I definitely think its worth the money

If you are around anyone with a pacemaker be very cautious!  I have to stay 3 feet away from them.  As you can imagine this complicates everything from elevators to grocery shopping to doctors appointments and people waiting for anything. They are everywhere. The only thing that compares to the way it feels is when the doctors play with the voltage and skip beats.  The phone is much worse.

the chances are, you are surrounded by people that are on their iphones often, killing pigs with furious birds or talking to a robotic voice.. my point is, there is a good reason that you find yourself surrounded by these people. because the Iphone is such a good quality product and undeniably the best on the market. I know people will argue that there brand new 'HTC' or 'ANDROID' has a better computer inside or 43 more pixels in the screen... but these arent the reasons for making a phone great anymore, it is simply APPS. and  there is not a better app store out there than Apples! the quality and quantity of apps out there is more than you can hope for.That said, if you currently own an older generation of this phone then i would suggest waiting until the iphone 5 comes out (which wont be long with the rate Apple bring them out) before you upgrade. because the only additional features from this phone to the plain 4, is that it has a faster computer in it and a clever voice recognition program (SIRI), not enough reason to upgrade.

You don't realize how helpful siri can be. Whether if its checking the weather forecast or sending a text it really saves time and effort.

This phone is simply amazing, Siri is a wonder that does way more than I ever imagined just by talking to it. I cannot imagine anyone disliking this phone. yeah, it probably will break if you drop it, just about anything electronic will, buy the thing a case, everyone does. I love this phone and can not imagine ever using anything different.

I have only had the 4S phone a couple weeks after "upgrading" from my iPhone 3GS.  The GOOD: The camera is much improved.  It really makes your digital camera pretty obsolete.  I'm considering ditching my camcorder as well.  THE BAD: The problem that I have with this phone is the battery life.  When you use all the fun goodies it zaps the battery.  The phone doesn't make it through the day without recharging.  This is really a drawback for a phone and a disappointing product for Apple.  Another serious issue I have with the iPhone and Apple is the the syncing feature of this phone with contacts.  It duplicates your contacts every time you sync.  It got so bad that I had over 700 contacts where there should have been less than 150.  I have to constantly delete duplicates by hand.  I bought an App to do this faster but it is still time consuming.  If you update a contact and have 7 listings for that person you have to go through each individually to find the one that was updated so that you don't delete the new information.  I did a search on trying to fix this issue.  I didn't find any answers.  All I found was more people that have had this problem dating back to 2005!!!!  I had gone into the Apple store to get help with this.  They couldn't help me either.  They said that it had something to do with Mobileme and the way that you set up syncing.  Enough already!  Apple is slipping.

Send me black color iPhone. Ring tone doesn't work properly, sealer didn.t response back after my compline bad communication

Product was exactly as described, but also included a screen protector and case, which was a pleasant surprise.  Thank you.

I paid extra money to get an unlocked phone but still had to pay $20 upon receiving this phone to make it usable with T-Mobile. Then we found that this phone can't send of receive picture messages without further visits and money paid to the Apple store, and I'm still not sure it's going to fix the problem.  The seller should have been up front about the limitations of this phone.  It would have been worth it to get a refurbished phone directly from Apple or even a new one after all the money I've paid and time I've spent trying to fix the problem.

I bought one of these based on all the hype but wish I had researched the iphone 4s more before throwing away my money on a fun-to-play-with toy which has serious shortcomings as a true communication device.  Don't believe it?  Battery life is much shorter than claimed...I work with 3 other iphone 4s owners.....all have computers at home and at work and don't use their iphones all that much, yet all agree that even with minimum use they are having to charge their iphones almost every night....I have to charge mine at least every day and a half.....this is far less than the claimed battery life.  Like to put your phone on vibrate when you're in a meeting or theater?  Do it with the iphone 4s and mostly likely you won't be able to feel the vibration, even in a shirt pocket.  I have yet to feel my iphone 4s actually vibrate on an unexpected call.  Oh, I've phoned Apple customer support about both the battery and vibrate issue and have been told there's nothing they can do about either. Have another computer at home and/or at work where you get a lot of e-mail?  Don't plan on deleting it easily from your iphone 4s:  there is no "select all" or "delete all" option on the inbox.  You have to individually click on each email you wish to delete, first.  Takes forever if you have a lot of mail to delete and is a real pain.  I find it hard to believe that a company supposedly as modern as Apple would leave out such an option from one of their "premiere" products, but that's the way it is.....again, Apple support told me "there's no fix out there."On the plus side, the image quality on the screen as well as with the built-in camera is superb....about the best I've seen on a cell phone.  Voice quality is pretty good, the push buttons and other controls work well so far although some are not logically laid out: for example, under settings for Sounds there are two buttons for Vibrate, one also marked "silent!"  I haven't figured those out yet, nor found out how to set the iphone 4s to both vibrate and ring.  Siri is a joke....all right for just telling her to dial a phone number to dial and not much else....she's no HAL computer.This is my first Apple product and I am not really impressed.  I was considering an Apple computer, but having found such serious deficiencies in the 4s iphone I think I'll just keep my PC.

I've read that you can get a free iOS 5 download for the iPhone 4. What would be the key benefits of such an update?I don't currently even have a cell phone. My wife has the 4s and wants me to also have a phone on a family plan. From extensive reading I  believe I would be satisfied with the 4 while my wife believes I should get the 4s. Still, I would like to understand (in a non-techie way) how the iOS 5 update would narrow the difference between the 4 and the 4s.BTW, our Amazon account is in my wife's name. My first name is really not Mary (-:Thank you, rlc p.s. Hopefully, a Factory Unlocked iPhone 4s is the same as a regular iPhone 4s. Going through all those categories in the "Insert a Product Link" is confusing.Apple iPhone 4S 16GB Black - FACTORY UNLOCKEDApple iPhone 4 16GB Smartphone Black (AT&T;)

Excellent camera, much faster than previous iphones.  Siri is fun, and ive used it for its intended purposes a few times as well and it seems to work just fine.  Still the best phone out there imo

I've had my 4s for about 3 weeks I always keep it in a bumper cover and have a screen protector on it.  That being said I've dropped it several times one of which was on the metal edged coaster at work which only tore the screen protector, didn't scratch or even mark the glass in any way, as far as I'm concerned it's a tough phone considering it's made of glass.  I love Siri she helps me often! I've had the 3g, the 4 and now the 4s gotta say the 4s is my fav.

This phone continuously makes me happy. After having the 3G for so long (3 years), I finally decided to upgrade. I couldn't hold out for the iPhone5.Pros:Great Video QualityAwesome CameraBeautiful lookingExcellent ServiceSiri makes me happyCons:Wish the 3G internet was fasterAppreciated the roundess of the 3GI'm also happy Verizon has picked up iPhones! I had been waiting for so long. If you want to get a super low price deal from Verizon, just go here: [...]

Two weeks ago I bought my very first ever smartphone: the iPhone 4S. I didn't even need to think about which smartphone I wanted. I had been dreaming of getting an iPhone since I knew what an iPhone was. Not only is it everything that I have ever imagined it could be, it's so much more. Did you know it can be a compass?? Opening that app blew my mind (my house faces North, btw).And the GameCenter! I spent two hours sending friends requests to like, 200 people who play Happy Street. Do you even know how many Flooz I have?? (155) (Also, only 39 people friended me back. Whatever. I'm over it.)And can I just tell you how cool I feel when I use it? It's like how smoking makes you cooler except it's actually true. You really are cool if you have an iPhone. (My sister-in-law has a Droid and she doesn't have nearly as many friends in Happy Street as I do.)Siri is the coolest. Sometimes she has trouble understanding what I say, but just speak very clearly and she won't have a problem. The one downside is she won't pick up on my three and a half year old niece's voice ("Siri, do you know what my daddy's name is?")And the screen! It is so f'ing nice to touch. My finger just glides across it. It's like running your finger over a cloud. A cloud full of puppies.Also, the battery life is quite good. I can play games and surf the web during my entire three hour class, and the battery does very well. I don't know if it'll hold up for long (though I can update you during the fall semester). I do have to charge it every night, but that's not really an issue since I'm sleeping.The rear camera is super nice. My pictures are always very clear. There is also a flash in the back. The front camera could be better. The pictures are a little grainy, but they're still good enough to put on Facebook.Literally the only bad thing about this phone is I can't take pictures of myself using it and looking cool.

AWESOME phone. like other people, i LOVE all the previous iphones i've encountered. and this is one of them.I do have to admit, i'm a bit biased because i'm a fan of apple, so i seem to like everything good about the product and omit the bad things.if you're still deciding on an iPhone 4, 4s, or a 3gs, here's how it goes:only big difference i noticed in the iphone 4 and 4s is that the camera is better, faster loading(I tested), and of course, who could forget the sexy robotic voice, SIRISIRI: Honestly, Siri isn't that smart. she repeats everything she said. her favorite line: "i don't know what you mean by...." so, if you're thinking of the iphone 4s JUST for siri, then i suggest you wait for the iPhone 5, they'll make siri better, or add more money worthy features.CAMERA: I LOVE the new camera they put in. the aperture was completely flawless, just like i took my pictures of a $1000 camera. it's just amazing. HOWEVER, I am a camera maniac, as i've taken photography classes before. the iPhone 4 isn't that bad. If you don't take a lot of pictures, or just isn't a professional camera fanatic, then you might want to think twice about buying it for that purpose. again, i suggest waiting for iPhone 5.SPEED: it's not that big of a change. i had two iPhones side by side to see the difference. you'll barely notice it. DEFINITELY do not choose the 4S over the iphone 4 just for the speed.

Previously had an Iphone 3G and glad I finally upgraded. Phone is super-fast and I was able to download my other's phone data right on to my new phone. Siri makes driving and trying to call someone easier and she can help you do almost anything. I just wish the Iphone would get better reception in some areas and have priority over other phones. In crowded areas it does preform very well.

the highly awaited gadget of the year by the mighty company Apple is being launched today. But I am not very much excited about the new iPhone because as seen in the leaked images ([...]), it doesn't look very promising. I love my iPhone and with the personalizations I have made on it, I guess it is the best suited smartphone for myself.

I did not want to upgrade to the iPhone 4S.  My 3GS was fantastic, did everything I could want it to; why spend the money?  However, the battery charge port on my old and trusted sidekick started to have problems, and I was eventually left with no other choice.  In the beginning the differences seem subtle, and I missed the 3GS.  While the screen sports a much higher image quality, it is also slightly smaller than my fat fingers expect it to be.  Otherwise I noticed no difference on day 1. In a couple of hours I adjusted to the screen size and we were rolling.  The retina display does make a difference, and you will notice as you upgrade apps and spend time with the phone.  Pictures look much better, web pages are less eye straining; it's a good experience.  The camera is much better than my 3GS; the 4S sports an 8mp HDR camera that captures portraits and sunsets with ease and quality comparable to a high-end point and shoot camera.  It is great for days I want to leave my DSLR and camera bag behind.  There is a flash built in, but you will find yourself using that more as a flashlight than anything (there's an app for that).But we haven't gotten to the feature that really sets the 4S apart from its' competitors and successors.Siri.I can not say enough how much I love this feature.  "Send my dad a message saying I found his wallet".... and it's done.  "Where is the nearest place to order chinese food"... and there's a map and a phone number.  Driving and receive a text message?  No problem.  "Read me that last message..." done... "and reply with _____"... and done.  You do need access to signal or wifi, but any more where do you not have one of these things?  Initially I did not use this feature much, but as I have grown accustomed to having it at my disposal and learned how best to command it for proper results I have become increasingly inclined to use Siri over navigating between apps and typing.  There are a few things I think Siri should be able to do that it can't (like enable/disable bluetooth, wifi, location settings, etc.), but as this software is in beta I can't be overly critical.Buy this phone if you don't have an iPhone.  I'm not a fan boy and this is the only Mac hardware that I own, but it is a great piece of equipment that will make your time on your phone more productive.If you have an iPhone 3 or prior model, buy this phone at your next upgrade.If you have an iPhone 3GS or 4, you may as well wait.  Siri is great and the camera is nice, but the differences in processor speed and screen resolution are not, while noticeable, mind blowing.  At some point there will be another major hardware overhaul.  Wait for that.Either way, fantastic phone.

So I placed an order for a AT&T iPhone black 16GB. It came super fast. Placed the order saturday and it arrived Monday. The phone looked spanking' new ! I was very impressed. The only problem was, is that it was Veerizon ! I knew it was Verizon because 1) it didn't want to accept my sim card and 2) when I called Apple they surely told me it was Verizon. So I waiting for the seller to contact me back. Hopefully it was just a simple mistake.

Apple iPhone 4S is simply good and worth buying/value for money.The touch screen, speed, connectivity is pretty good.The only drawback is the bluetooth as unable to connect to non-iOS devices

I am a new apple product user. I purchased a new phone within the last 6 months. To date I have had nothing but problems. It started with the unique password I had to create. Not a big problem, but your requirement to put in the password multiple times if I'm down loading two or three apps, is excessive.Then I had the problem with my voice mail. My clients started reporting that my voice mailbox was full. My IPhone said I did not have any voice mails but when someone tried to leave a message, the mailbox was full. It took 2 weeks for you (Apple) to correct the problem.Siri has become a joke. It works great when hooked to a local network. I love the features and became used to asking Siri to provide info when needed.I was traveling in my car with 3G service needing info from my phone and Siri stated it could not help me. Getting used to how easy my new phone worked, then in a time of need, it let me down. This is not acceptable. I started keeping track and 50% of the time Siri lets me down when needed in my car even though the phone signal is strong.My wife and I were enjoying a night out with friends and we were discussing a new app call Gas Buddy. I tried to download the app and a whole new level of security was required. I responded with the answer to a required security question and another question was asked, and another, and another. Finally my phone required a second email address which I could not provide because I do not have one.My friend responded what a joke the IPHONE is. You cannot load a simple app. I agree. You have not thought out your product. To have to keep track of multiple email addresses, security questions and to be required to type in my password over and over during the same phone session is a waste of time and a frustrating burden.I called your support line and was told I'm over the 90 day free support and need to purchase support time.That was the last straw. I ordered a new android phone hoping my wife would like the IPhone. She does not want the hassle. I will try and sell the Iphone on ebay. My son who has a IPhone 4 informed me I should have purchased a 3s or 4 model that the 4s has had many problems. Great news, you put out a product that has obvious issues and require the consumer to pay for support.I wonder how long you will be able to continue this scam.I would be great if Apple would refund my money. In fact I would be very happy if you would stand behind your product and refund my money. But based on my experience to date, I'm not holding my breath.My company was planning on purchasing Ipads. We will be looking at other solutions.Apple has created a loyal customer market for their products. The Iphone was my first Apple product. If my experience with IPhone performance and company support is common, you will surely diminish and erode that customer base.I do not expect a reply or a solution to the above mentioned problems. My only recourse is to spread the word and post my frustration on the web as often as possible.

I have had every Apple iPhone since the 3G came out.  I will never go to another cell phone again because of the high quality of the product and the large selection of apps that are available.  The iPhone 4S builds on the great features that already existed by adding Siri, advanced voice recognition technology that can interact with you and actually understand normal human speech - like "schedule me an appointment with Lisa tomorrow at 6pm"...Siri gets that.  The battery life on the iPhone 4S is amazing as well.  Buy an iPhone and you won't be disappointed.

I was nervous about ordering this on the web, but everything was perfect! I will feel more comfortable ordering a high ticket item again!

Best phone I've ever had, I didn't buy this specific product (mine is Sprint) but needed to review so Amazon would recommend better products.

I am new to the "smart" phones, but have been researching them for a while.  I decided on the iPhone 4S because of all the positive feedback. I was prepared for a battery life that lasted as long as a goldfish memory and purchased every means of recharching available. I learned how to get Apps and there are millions out there! The more Apps, the more memory usage .. I charge. Charging with a computer does not give you a complete charge, so mid day, I charged.  I got quite a few calls and made quite a few calls to test the battery ... and I charged.  Siri worked like a charm when she could decipher my New England accent, but mostly I heard "I didn't understand what you are saying..."  I found that although my phone worked from inside my work building, that Siri doesn't. I get an "unavailable" until I go home, even when I have 4 bars.  So, Siri is fun, but not always available.  Phone has great reception.  Battery life ... keep charging.

The phone is great but when my husband went to have it turned on they said that the sim card had been used and that he would have to buy a new one. I would have hoped that for a $550 phone, it would have been brand new.

I wonder if I am the only person on the face of the earth that does not like the Iphone 4S. Call me an old curmudgeon, but I just call them like I see them. I got the phone when it first came out, so have had it for some time.Bottom line is that it is not a very good telephone. The number one reason I have a telephone is to make telephone calls, and I would like that part of it to work exceptionally, and it does not. Here are my list of concerns.1) Dropped/Missed calls- I live very near an AT&T; tower, and have a clear line of sight to the tower, but rarely have more than one bar at my house. The phone does not ring when someone calls me, but informs me later that I have had a missed call. Similarly, it regularly drops my calls, or gives me a "no service" error message.2) Poor Battery Life- I would expect a cell phone to get me through the day on a full charge. I do not mind charging the phone every night, but I want it to get me through the day. I have found that you can not depend on this phone to make it through the day. Even doing things like turning the bluetooth off and all that does not get me to the point that I can even moderately use it and not have the battery dead before I get home.3) Poor sound quality- When on the phone, I do not get crystal clear voice quality.4) Jams up - Phone jams on me every couple of weeks and I have to reset it. In particular, the skype ap appears to cause the phone problems.This phone was designed to do it all . . . it just does not do it very well.

I purchased this unlocked phone for my work phone.  Work pays the bills so I could afford to pay the full unlocked price for the phone.  The iPhone works so well between my Mac and keeps me on top of things.  It also updated from the iPod touch I was using before I got the phone.  Really no hassle at all.  I cannot imagine not having my iPhone.  It also got me to purchase the 3gs for my daughter and wife.  They love them as well!

Top Phone My tips  The Calendar on the iPhone is a wonderful functional tool to help you get organized. You can quickly use this tool by directly adding events rather than using &#34;+&#34; button. When in an individual day of the calendar, simply by tapping any hour and holding it on there will bring about a new event during that time period. Fast scheduling helps you more time to work with!You can take a picture with just one hand on the iPhone. You do not sacrifice quality by taking pictures are just as high as if they were taken the traditional way. http://youtu.be/VBVfSWDm5go

I recently got this version as a refurb and locked to AT&T.;I'm using it on Straight Talk prepaid service, which pretty much is half the monthly cost than most postpaid carriers (AT&T; and verizon).The phone is great.  I've been using BB's since 2005, and then early this year, I made switch to the 3gs.  That phone was ok, but was it slow and painful.  It really made me miss my blackberry's speed and composure.However, this 4s is super fast.  While my typing will not rival my speed on BB, its very close.  Luckily I don't compose that many emails or txts anymore, so I prefer that the 4s can do more intensive internet tasks with minimum of effort.If you are on BB or iPhone 3gs, you really need to upgrade to the iPhone 4s to see what you are missing.  The phone is sturdy (I dropped it the 2nd day on concrete sidewalk on there were the minimum of scratches on the side), though, I don't think it will handle multiple drops and survive like a BB does.  Everything else on this phone is great, fast and fun to use.

Why I like the Iphone:-> Stylish timeless case that gives you a high quality impression.-> A software which is specially written for this phone, no compatibility issues like you always get with android phones-> Better Battery duration

I am a Blackberry user of many years but now I have switched to Apple as the iPhone 4 is simply amazing (the current AT&T; phone upgrade price for the iPhone 4 is equally amazing also). The problem is, these phones are as fragile as Amazon reviewers say they are and must be used in a case.Solution: I purchased 1 Otter Impact Series iPhone 4s case for my iPhone 4 and trust me, while it will not slip out of your hands using this silicone case, this will not be enough as the screen will still be vulnerable to the unavoidable drop (I have seen a number of iPhone users with broken iPhone screens in cases, complaining).Solution: Just by chance I had a spare Archos 605 4gb-30gb standard leather case. It works almost perfectly with the iPhone 4 or 4s inside the Otter Impact Series iPhone 4s case--you will have to make a small adjustment to the Archos 605 case for the earphone output of the iPhone 4 or 4s. Now your iPhone can can take the unavoidable drop hopefully with no problems as it will be as safe or safer as Blackberry phones are in standard Blackberry leather cases. Good luck and enjoy, you should not lose with an iPhone 4 or 4s in a case in a case.

I actually got my 16 GB 4S at Best Buy. It was well worth the money. I've seen a lot of people with iPhones, and I take pride in saying that I am part of the clique. Finally-- all that time hearing about these great apps and how great Siri is, I finally got to use these features. In fact, I dictated this entire review using Siri. I would, however, like to point out that in the description for this product here on Amazon, "assistant" is misspelled. They accidentally spelled it "assitant." Spot on, Apple... I mean with the iPhone. What's next?

There is nothing I can say on the software part.  It is the best right now.  Except for flash which I do need to use for video on some websites that the iphone cannot do.The hardware design is very bad although I know it looks good.  But what is the point of looking good if it can crack easily from small falls?  So I have to use a case for the iphone.  It makes the phone feel like a big brick with the case on and is too heavy.  I think apple need to do better than this.  Other companies like htc and samsung have better lighter and more durable phone designs.  I would have switch to android or windows phone If I have to use a case to protect the iphone 5 when it comes out.

hello i have a question about this cell phone, need to know if this phone is unlocked. nowhere is that I see a sign saying so

I have been a loyal Mac fan since I switched to a MacBookPro about 8 years ago but after switching to the iPhone from a Samsung Galaxy, my loyalty level has taken a big drop.  I found the Adroid OS to be MUCH more user-friendly, full-featured and intuitive.  In fact, I feel that Apple is behind the 8-ball.  For example:1)  The security pattern feature to login is NOT available on the iPhone making it more difficult to login.  Heck, when driving you may as well be sending text messages since typing in a security code is essentially the same thing!!2)  The Calendar app is an absolute JOKE!!- There is no way to simply Snooze an alarm.  You have to open the event, select Edit and change the reminder, then select done.  Having said that, there are no real snooze options available (like snooze for a time period)For someone that relies heavily on the Calendar, this drawback alone makes this crappy phone unusable.3)  When a notification comes up, you can't simply click the reminder, login and go directly to the reminder.  Instead, you have to login to the desktop, drag down the notification bar and click the notification.4)  There is no menu button.5)  There is no back button.  In fact, there is only ONE button which ALWAYS ONLY takes you back to the desktop.As you can tell, I am very unhappy with this thing and am blown away that there are so many users.  Thank God for third-party apps giving added value, huh Apple?

It is a very good phone. It is just like described, and the battery is not so bad like they say.

This phone is amazing! I'm always finding new features about this phone. It's very user friendly and intuitive and I had no problems getting used to the phone right out of the box. It's a great entertainment center and toy all rolled into one and oh yah, a great phone (haha). If you're debating between this and an Android phone, do your research and see which one suits your personality/taste more.

I bought iPhone 4S from WorldWide Distributors. They shipped me an used iphone, which was already tied up to an iTunes account. The local AT&T; dealer couldn't activate the iPhone. I filed a claim and they didn't respond back immediately. Then I have to involve amazon.com to get my money back. But I lost 28$ in returning the product as per shipping standards (i.e.) shipping with tracking and insurance.I wanted to save 100$ and bought the iphone from Worldwide distributors (through amazon.com). But I ended up loosing 30$.

i had both phones and at first i thought the galaxy was gonna be better cause it had the larger screen and the swype text mode and other little featuresbut......the iphone 4S is actually better i was shockedthe 4G that the galaxy has is very fast.....its faster than the iphone 4S but its not that much faster.........the screen on the galaxy is bigger than the iphone...however the iphone is still the better phonethe reason why is because the set up.......iphone has 1 home screen button that brings you back to the main screen it is much easier to navigate through the iphone than the galaxy....if i need to get to something fast i can do it much faster on my iphone than on the galaxy...also if i need to do something without looking on the screen i can use the siri function which although it is overrated , it is very useful sometimes....also because there is a bigger screen on the galaxy you also have more clutter..which means you have to fish through icons to find what you want to get to...the video display and pictures on the iphone are amazing...OverallAndroid has nice phones but there are sometimes too much stuff on them......keep it simple with the iphone you will be happier...easier to navigate on the iphone 4S

Head set is damaged. It would be greatful if you are able to send a good head set..I'm satisfied with the iphone except for the headset damage..

Before I begin, I have to say that I did not purchase my iPhone 4S here on Amazon; instead, I upgraded through AT&T;'s website, so I cannot speak for the speed of shipping, packaging, etc.I upgraded from the iPhone 4 because my fiance dropped it in a bucket of bleach water.  Despite the fact that it did dry up and work again, the speaker when making phone calls was completely shot.  I was hoping to hold out until a significant change in the iPhone lineup came out, but things do not always go as planned - I am sure you all know that story.The call quality seems to be much better than my old phone, as long as I have at least two bars or more of signal, even though they may not differ much in the looks department.  Friends and family have also reported being able to hear me better as well.I LOVE the camera.  The picture clarity is unbeatable.  Unless you are an aspiring photographer, I really feel as though I do not need to carry around a camera, too.  Since you can now double click the home button to get the camera to launch, it does not take nearly as long as it used to.  Love that feature!  I was initially concerned that they had removed the zoom feature, so that would have been my only complaint with the camera.  However, while playing around with it on, I noticed that if I touched two fingers to the screen and moved them outwards in opposite directions, the zoom option appeared.  I decided to test it out and take a few pictures, and the quality is still great even zoomed in!  Pretty impressive, considering when I zoomed in on my old one, the quality diminished significantly the more I zoomed in.iCloud is a fantastic addition, too.  I love being able to track my iPhone in the event it gets lost, though I surely hope it does not!  It is quick and easy to locate, if necessary... and yes, I have had a blast testing that out as well.I have had no issues with Siri.  I do have a pretty strong southern accent, so I find myself having to think about what I am saying and adjust the way I say some words.  Siri almost always gets what I say right.  And I love being able to set reminders for myself... being forgetful is definitely disadvantageous - especially for me.* Why I took off one star.I took off a star because battery life is very important to me, and it seems that this phone does not live up to my expectations.  I do not do much on my phone as I work 8am-5pm every day, but I do check Facebook every now and then and I play Tiny Tower (not really enough to make a huge difference).  With that being said, I do expect the battery to drain because of this - I am not expecting a Super Batter that only loses 10% throughout the day.  However, when I get home around 5:30pm and have 5% battery left when it hardly got used, that's not entirely acceptable to me.  Through a little research, though, I learned that if Location Services was turned on, it drains battery life even if you are not using it.  I have not noticed much difference even when I have Location Services off, so I really cannot comment on that.Over all, Apple did a great job upgrading and fixing many issues I had with the previous models of iPhones.  This is my fourth iPhone, and each time I have upgraded, I have been pleased.  This is no exception.  It is a great little device full of everything I expect.  I am happy.  While this phone may not be for everyone, it is great for me and I absolutely love everything it can do.

I have few thoughts for those that have an iPhone 4 and curious about doing an early upgrade to the 4S. I was able to find a deal on iPhone 4Ss through the online classifieds and sell my and my wife's iPhone 4 for a very good price so in the end it cost me about $120 in the end.Primarily the camera has been upgraded to 8MP and improvements with the lens. In real life usage compared to the 4, I noticed sharper photos and better exposure and it's taking more time away from my point and shoot and SLR. Video quality has improved dramatically, there's much better clarity with 1080P, less hunting with the autofocus and image stabilization makes it slightly less jerky when moving. It also does startup faster where you don't have that 4-5 seconds of looking at the closed shutter, but perhaps 1-2 seconds pause. We take a lot of pics and videos of my son, so having the better camera really is nice to have.In terms of CPU speed, the iPhone 4S is noticably faster but hard to describe because it's not that the same apps won't run fine on an iPhone 4. It's mostly just snappiness in starting up apps, navigating menus, games, etc and this makes is a pleasure to use. The 4 has a small delay once in a while after installing iOS5 that makes you wish it has just a bit more power and this delivers.The other aspect of speed is the improved 3G speeds which is really hard to compare between cities and locations. What I can say is that in areas of strong signals, you probably get the same speeds as the iPhone 4 as the bottleneck tends to be the cell carrier. However if you're like me you're not always in the best areas, my office tends to get awful signals due to the walls and I'm on the edge of getting between No Service and I've mapped out my desk to one location I can get 2-3 bars with 3G. The 4S doesn't give additional bars so don't assume that if you had a dead zone, that the 4S will solve that problem. However for weak signals, my speeds are significantly faster with 2-3 bars, going from a barely usable 0.5 Mbps to 2.5 Mbps. Since I'm at my work the most, I found this made the iPhone more useful and productive. I can download podcasts, stream videos, install apps, etc.The last point from upgrading to the 4S is piece of mind. I was out of warranty with the 4 and buying new provided me another year of support and as well I reused my case which was $30 saved.Again, the list is small and sounds like it's not worth upgrading, but I  really love using the 4S, it really does feel this refined and perfected where the 4 was 80% where they wanted to go. This is the sleeper model similar to performance cars, STI for Suburu, SRT for Chrysler, M3 to BMW, AMG to Benz, etc. It's not for everyone to upgrade but if you use an iPhone everyday, you won't be disappointed.

The Apple iPhone 4S is a fast phone and reliable.  I've tried other Android phones from various providers, but none were able to deliver the CONSISTENT results that the iPhone delivers.  I rarely have any Apps crash, and I always get great reception.  The user interface is easy to use for even someone without ANY computer experience.  Sound quality is great and 16GB is more than enough built in storage for the beginner to intermediate user.  Unless you are looking to shoot a great deal of HD movies with the phone, the 16GB should be sufficient.  Also, battery life is of huge importance to me and like all of the other iPhones, this one does GREAT! SIRI is very helpful and works better than other phones that I've tried with comparable voice recognition software.  The screen is CRISP and the camera shoots significantly better photos than the iPhone 4, and at a much faster rate without any significant lag.I'd buy this phone over and over before I'd go back to an Android phone.

I have been using my iPhone 4S for about 6 months now and I love the phone. I was a heavy Blackberry user in the past but as everyone knows that company has gone downhill. At that point, I made a conscious decision to switch phones and I had to decide between Android, Apple, or a Windows based system. I use a Windows laptop at home so I thought I would go with an Android or Windows phone. I tried many Android and Windows phones but did not like the user interface. The Android phones seemed so fragmented in that there was no standard; every phone manufacturer has their own version of customized Android. For me I like things simple. I next tried a Windows phone but that was the slowest phone I had ever used. I'm not sure how Metro will be but hopefully they fix a lot of those issues. I finally tried the iPhone and fell in love with the ease and simplicity of the phone. I really like iOS and how simple it is to operate. I do have to say that I would not have gone with the iPhone if it could not sync with Outlook but luckily Apple built an Outlook plugin which works very well.In terms of the phone itself, the screen is beautiful and the 8 mg pixel camera is great. The phone is quite fast running any type of app and battery life is pretty good. I thought that I would never get used to the touchscreen keyboard rather than the Blackberry physical keyboard but it is actually quite easy when you turn the phone horizontal. The accuracy is still much better on the Blackberry but you get used to the touchscreen pretty quickly! Overall, this is the best phone that I have ever used!

The iPhone 4 is a touchscreen slate 3G smartphone developed by Apple Inc. It is the fourth generation iPhone, and successor to the iPhone 3GSIt is particularly marketed for video calling marketed by Apple as Face Time LED back lit  960640 display. The iPhone 4 features an additional front-facing VGA camera, and a backside-illuminated 5 megapixel rear-facing camera with a 3.85 mm f/2.8 lens[ and an LED flash. The rear-facing camera is capable of recording HD video in 720p at 30 frames per second. The iPhone 4 is powered by the Apple A4 chip  ARM Cortex-A8 CPU PowerVR SGX 535 GPU so i love this phone the batter life is great playing video games on it is amazon so get one if you wont to go to apple side ps this is the sprint pcs GB one

I bought an iphone 4s to replace my wife's old iphone for Christmas at an ATT store. They gave me a new sim to sneak into the old phone so she could use it until the new phone was activated. I assumed that meant powering on and letting the phone register. WOW!!  Activating the iphone is the worst plan I have ever seen. Between the ATT and Itune web pages it is a complete circle jerk. We are now waiting until the store opens to activate the thing.I gave the phone 3 stars because I think it will be great once we get it activated. Just be sure not to leave the store without the phone activated.

Received phone with passcode on the phone, and sender was contacted, didn't know the passcode at all!Very unprofessional for an experience salesperson.  Wouldn't recommend this salesperson at all!
