
I bought this almost a year back and found working good.I used it in outside US as well and it is unlocked, but preloaded with all ATT apps.No issues till date. Working as expected.

I specifically ordered the 1337 unlocked model and was sent the international version i9500 which I did not want not order :( bait and switch!

Excelent product, delivered as offered, excelent condition but just a lot of at&t apps that i will not use in some other place

I purchase this phone for mother's day for my wife I think I should get one of it for myself

I like all the features it has.You have to download some applications in order to have portable hotspot for Mexico. Otehr wise will not work the Hotspot.The battery runs out very fast, not even one day, so I had to bay another replace battery in cases you're out out all day long and with no access to a charger.

Phone works just as advertised. The Galaxy S4 is great. It does everyhting my HTC did and more. Plus it is more intuitive to use.

Great product...nice design but I can not update software to Kit kat 4.4. Original OS is 4.3 v

I receive this package last night and it was very disappointing. The seal was broken and the package was very dirty. I do not know whom I blame for. But even worse: the product is not what the website says. Please reconsider this order otherwise you can make people very sad: I wanted to please my husband but the result: I made him definitely sad. I am so sorry for him.

I didn't get my package

My phone came exactly as described! Already unlocked and works like a dream. I was worried since I had never bought a phone online before. Thanks!

Best phone I've ever owned. I usually like to switch phones every couple months but I've never liked a phone so much. Great sound picture and color. I'll be keeping this phone for awhile!

I never ordered anything so expensive online.I read all the good reviews but I was still nervous.1. I wanted to upgrade my straightalk phone. I had an s2. Ive been using straight talk for years.It worked perfectly with straightalk.I had to order a sim card FROM STRAIGHT TALK compatible with this att phone.dont order sims online. .....just dont....theyre way cheaper (in my experience) and you know they are real.2.SHIPPING. was to arrive between mar 6 and 11.It came on mar 3 (my birthday!!)3. It IS a galaxy s4. Its real. It came with the charger and ear phones.4. I am very happy! Thank you, sellers, for being real!!!!!

love my new phone! So far so good. Comes completely new. had no problem hooking up straight talk. VERY HAPPY

im very disappointed with the phone. it is locked with ATT. i bought it for my niece who live in another country n now she cant use it.

PHONE WORKS WITH AT&t; but is Canadian Model from www.bell.ca / bell Canada. In a way it's false advertising.Also I have to adjust the sim card time to time because slot is loose.FROM NOW ON I AM JUST GOING TO BUY THE ORIGINAL PHONE FROM ORIGINAL CARRIER !

Very lightweight.  Easy to use. Fast downloads. An enjoyable phone to own! I have not even learned much of what the phone can do but am already enjoying lots of apps on it.

I love this phone. it arrive early. love the 5 inch screen. It is very responsive. I had the galaxy note before and it was a little big, but the 5 inch is just perfect for me. It is a galaxy s4 i337.

I actually like this one better than the one I had purchased at Best Buy awhile back.  This appears to have less junk apps on it.  Brand spankin' new-in-box, everything works, good battery life, etc.  Would buy from again, but I hope I don't need another new phone any time soon!

Excellent Product. It came Unlocked as expected,even though some comments sayd it was &#34;locked&#34; to ATT.  It worked perfectly in Mexico with Telcel at 4G speeds

It was unlock as advertise new and I love it ! I had the 3 lattes iPhone and I like Galaxy s4 technology

Phone is good and unlocked but its att locked.  Upgrades or ota,s will only work if youee in the att network as well as the hotspot.

The phone came new with no problems. It was unlocked and it worked fine for me.

This phone was exactly as advertised and absolutely new in the box. I bought this phone to use with Straight Talk and their Bring Your Own Phone BYOP plan. It was factory unlocked and worked perfectly. Wireless Experts, Inc. was rated high and I totally agree with these other buyers and will say they sell exactly what they claim. This phone also has an USA warranty where other unlocked international phones do not. Five Stars All Day Long.

I've been using the Galaxy S4 for several months now on MetroPCS network great. Sometimes it does depend on where you live and if their towers are strong there. I live in a major city so it works great. Once in a while a short hiccup but thats network issues. Hey for 45 bucks a month&#8230;I'm good with a great phone.

I'm loving it!

I am  happy with this  sell,... So far ,so good. Much better then Galasy S3 . So far ,so good. :)

I bougth 2 of them and have no regrets at all! The phones looks like new!

I bought this phone a month ago and it came brand new as described and I also checked it does have a USA warranty until January 2015. I'm using it with the new Cricket wireless. I got a Cricket SIM card and everything works great so far. You can go to the Samsung website and put in your MEID numbers and it will show you when the phone was made ( in my case October 2013) and when the warranty expires (which is January 2015 in my case ).Most unlocked phones don't have a warranty and a lot of people lie about whether it's actually new.

brand new works well better than I thought it would be. Very Happy.

Great phone price, fast deliver.Very Happy.!!!

Phone is perfect. Arrived as expected and function perfectly.  Using it with Straight Talk and have 4G . Has nothing but good to say. Phone works like a charm.

well this phone is very fast I think he stated then I phone5 and I like you alot I don't have any problems with this phone

It is good

Love, love, love my new phone.  I was able to use it with my cell phone carrier, Straight Talk.

Thanks.... You did a excellent job.... Now I will use my new phone and you can hear of my soon....

This is a seller review.The phone is perfect, I have one myself and wanted to gift one to my brother. As soon as we inserted his SIM card, the phone gave us an error and asked us for an unlock code. Do not buy from this seller, buy directly from Samsung.

It has worked great.  I had no problem adding it to my carrier (Consumer Cellular.)  My only complaint is that Samsung pushed Kit Kat to it and that messed everything up.  I ended up having to do a factory reset to get it functional again.  It also has a LOT of bloatware.  But for the money you save buying it this way, I'd do it again in a heartbeat.

&#128522;

Nothing but praises for this phone. It's unlocked. It comes with those AT&T; and Samsung apps that you can't remove, but its ok :)I love this phone more than my previous iPhone 4s.

This is one of the fastest most effective phones  currently sold.It is unlocked and works with Straightalk. I get about 2-6 Mbps DL speed in my area.I tried to use it on T-Mobile but all I could was edge speeds.  There is a modification that can be done to it, that will enable to work on T-Mobile. And it doesn't void the warranty. Not to complicated, but I lost my T-Mobile Sim card so can't say I've done it.All praise, glory, honor power and riches to Jesus Christ.  Now may he grant you more grace according to his immeasurable glory and generosity.

the phone was exactly the way it was advertised, brand new in box and unlocked,ready to use. white frost, 16 gb and 4g LTE

Great Phone

phone worked ok...arrived on time...too much hype for this phone but didnt really wow me...its a fast phone but the features aren't all that great

Phone came several days earlier than expected --very easy to set up the basics --the more advanced items will take a little time to figure out and use --phone is great --very good call quality

I like this phone.  It is easy to use and &#34;plays nice&#34; with my Samsung laptop.  The side sync is fun.  I do need to get it repaired.  After one month of use the #1 is not working correctly and takes the phone to the home screen.  This is only an issue if I need to manually input numbers so the inconvenience is tolerable until the weather warms up.

Our house is totally Mac'd out with the exception of this phone and my work laptop. I've had other Android devices and the iPhone, but the S series is by far my favorite. I've had all of them except the S3, but I have never been disappointed. Never had a service or tech issue. Its a great phone.

The package came on time. My phone works great. No scratches or glitches, Just like new. The box was intact and came with all it said it would :) im having fun with it.

It is a FANTASTIC phone - I am so happy with it.

Accelerometer (screen rotation) did not work on arrival.  Good price but not happy that description did not include problem as well.

my phone constantly heats up and I'm positive it wont last a year.When I 1st got it i was so happy with my purchase but now 2 months later I know I will be needing another phone soon. i would recommend just buying the brand new phone from the provider

The phone supplied was not AT&T; - major issue for me and very disappointing for the person who received this as a gift.If you are not able to supply the specified item, you should tell the customer.Will think twic about ordering again

This is not the same one as i9500 international version. It has a lot of at&t Apps. Its battery also lasts longer than i9500.

The phone is legitimate and it comes unlocked. It is 200 dollars cheaper than an att store. And the att store one is locked to att and you need to buy their pre-paid plan. It was a no brainer.

As advertised, had everything as described.  Needed an AT&T; sim card, but AT&T; set the phone up and provided the card at no cost.Will buy my next phone from them

First time I bought a pre-owned phone. Delivery was quick and phone is working ok.

This is an excellent phone, great camera, great battery life, enoght memory for all your apps a media, plus you can add a 32GB MicroSD, so thats pretty cool.I upgraded from a Galasy S2 Skyrocket wish is a great phone also. But this is much better in everything.You can use it to take great pictures, as a media player and alot of mediea stuff.

Nice phone,  all OK.  Works good in Movistar Venezuela and digitel.

How does come up different seller's name? Probably, the seller has several account in here.I bought galaxy s4 from TRONICSPOT. I do not know what's going on. It has shown me that different sellers' name every day in my order.DO NOT buy it from them. It is NOT new phone.They repack it looks like a brand new.However, it is not.I was working at electronic department.I sold many galaxy s4.I know orginal package looks like, battery completely sealed by plactic wrapping and back plate is also covered up by sticker like front of screen Samsung never put battery and back cover in the cheap plastic bag like you guys did it.One more thing, The original package has another paper cover which is you guys missing to surround the box.
