
This is a great smart phone considering how little it cost.  I purchased one for under seventy from the Microsoft store.  Windows phones have VERY limited apps when compared to Android or IOS, be aware of its limitations.  I find apps from Bing or Nokia to be of the best quality.  The Windows 8 phone interface looks nice and feels snappy.  I use the phone with the pre-paid T-mobile $100/year phone only plan and my WiFi connection at home.The free Nokia Map apps allows you to d/l maps (free) for offline use.  This means the phone can be used as a stand alone GPS device without a data connection.  You may need to d/l the Lumia Storage Check app to set the map location to your microSD card, since the USA map is around 2.9 gigs.  Else, you can d/l individual state/country maps at more reasonable sizes.  The free Nokia Music app also lets you d/l music mixes for offline use.The battery life, is typical of smartphones at around 1-2 days between charges.  The screen is a fingerprint and grease magnet.  It gets really greasy and nasty fast.  I recommend getting some sort of anti-finger print screen protector immediately.  The built in camera picture quality is not very good.You get a lot of phone for your money with the Nokia 521.  It is much better then any similarly priced Android smartphone.

It's a good deal for the asking price of $120. I still prefer the Iphone but am not willing to pay that much for a cell phone.

great cellphone excellent conditions brand new! thanks you.Fast & furious AAA+++ great communication. I will recommend this phone because is a great machine.

Purchased the phone for my Grandmother and she simply loves it. The simplicity if the OS and the Nokia's amazing hardware is the perfect combination for a person who looking for a great simple phone.

This phone is a good value on the surface.  A great value.  A 5 star value.  I got it for $60 and it is very responsive for email and surfing and texting.  The camera is really solid, seems to let in a lot of light although it has no flash.  This phone does the basics really well and is pretty easy/intuitive to use.IT's no Taj Mahal of phones like an iPHone but for the money is works surprisingly well.But that's before the random reboots creep in.  I've had 2 of these and they reboot like rabbits multiply.  I read it is a loose battery problem but I haven't been able to correct it with shims in the battery compartment so far.I'm starting to think it is a software problem and related to my setup. Or ....I just don't know.  I may have to return my second phone as well. The &#34; get what you pay for&#34; clouds have now moved in over this phone and have obscured the earlier sunlight.

I like T-Mobile's no-contract plans and love Windows Phone, so this phone is the only choice.  Since it is a low end  Windows Phone from Nokia, I did not have high expectations.  I have been using it for a month, but am yet to find anything to complain about. It is light, but solid, fast.  Audio is clear, photo and video are excellent.  The Nokia apps that come with the phone are great. For example, I bet that HERE Drive with turn-by-turn voice-guided navigation and 3-D map can match or beat most standalone GPS Navigators.  It is unbelievable that one can get such an excellent phone for a little over $100.

Great phone and great apps. I am very happy with my purchase. I would love to buy the newest nokia lumia soon

I had just bought the Nokia Lumia 900 and returned it because of a known connection issue. I read the reviews on the Lumia 521 on Amazon and bought it. Wow am I glad I did. I absolutely love this phone. It is a perfect size for me. I wasn't crazy about how big the 900 was. This phone is a little smaller and fits nicely in my hand. Not like a Tablet like other phones.  I like the windows scrolling start page instead of icons. I like the constant picture scroll. The screen size is smaller than the 900, but no less enjoyable for me. I will say that the 900's screen seemed to "pop" more than the 521, but the 521 still has a nice color pallet. I am pleasantly surprised with the speed of the Internet. I can't find anything to dislike about this phone and I don't know how Nokia or Amazon can sell it so cheaply. This has to be the best deal in windows phones - or any phone  - today.

I finally found an affordable smartphone. It works great. I also purchased the sim kit for $30 a month from Walmart. If you don't choose the $30 plan right away and you go thru T- mobile ($50/monthly) first you can't go back to the 30 dollar plan. For me that plan thru Walmart is perfect I don't use the phone that much for calling anyway (100min/monthly). As for the apps I don't use that many apps. I mostly text and surf the net. I noticed there were one or two apps I couldn't get but there was an alternative for it so I don't care. Overall I'm very happy with this phone.

I use my phone, well, to make phone call and send text messages. Internet is just a bonus, fortunately. This phone is not very stable, whenever I'm browsing anything on IE, it disconnects and restarts the phone. But while I'm talking or texting, I have no issues. I don't use my phone as a game boy either, just read the news and use the nokia gps. If it wasn't for the predictable disconnection, I would give it 5 stars. A new phone should't behave this way, but also I'm tired of returning faulty handsets, because they do not send you a brand new handset, but a reconditioned one, which is always more problematic than the previous one.

I received my phone and so far I'm very happy with it. Haven't run into any issues at all. Thanks :)

I bought the Nokia 521 about 4 weeks ago and it has been perfect. I used this one to replace a Nokia 710 which was my first windows phone. This phone is light years ahead of the 710 except for the camera, and only because the 521 doesn't have a flash. It is way more reliable than the 710 ever was. The blue-tooth is flawless and if you use Zune or X-Box pass you can pack a lot of music with a 64GB Micro SD card. This phone has everything you could want at a low low price. 4G speed and WiFi calling are topping on the cake.

Great Phone

I bought this phone few days ago for my wife and we're all loving it like anything. I like its keyboard better than my iphone. Its WiFi calling feature is awesome - I live in a place we signal drops to 1-2 bars and this feature is amazing, you could tell the difference. The other feature that my wife is impressed about is "kids corner" as my 2.5 year old loves to play with phone and mess up with its setting, this feature limits that. Its a good looking phone with some great features, Nokia used good material too as you could tell from holding it - it doesn't look like a cheap phone at all.

I am not a smart phone person and for me a phone is just a phone. I have my tablet and macbook for games and work so when I need to get a smart phone to check work and school emails I want a basic one and Nokia Lumia 521 is exactly what I want. Although there's some storage problem in the beginning the updates fixed it and it works like a new phone to me and I love it!

This phone is horrible.  Cannot download apps.  Battery life is very low.  Call quality is low.  I would not recommend this phine.

I wish they'd put that bing button on the left tho. most people are right handed. it keeps getting triggered.

I like it very much

There is so much to like about this phone.  It is intuitive, fast response/processor time.  Can't really beat the features for this price point.  Having access to the MS Office tools on a phone is also a great thing.The con many folks will note is the limited app availability.  It's also befuddling that you need to buy a .99 cent app to use your Starbucks card, when Android and iPhone have it for free.The other major drag was that the screen froze up just shy of the 30 day mark.  To be fair, T-Mobile shipped a warranty replacement which would take 3 business days, which was a MAJOR problem since I was leaving the country the next day.  I was not confident in this product to have them sell me a new unit of the same phone, so I had to go with a Samsung.I really like the Windows interface and Nokia really seems to be thundering back with cool products with amazing cameras built in, but I'm afraid this experience is forcing me to sit out of the Nokia field for a while.

I love this phone.  I would buy another one in the future... the features are nice..... better than other smartphones I've had.

Lots of good about this phone, will keep this review more about the phone itself and not the OS, but as a quick aside the app count is not as big of a deal as I thought it would be. There may be 100s of 1000s more apps for IOS and Android, but Windows Phone has most of the "high usage" apps. Just received my phone a few days ago and coming from Android I'm not missing much. Facebook, Groupon, Pandora, Spotify, Groupme, Instagram to name a few were all readily available.Have to agree with just about everyone on this phone, a friend just picked up an LG Android skinned for around the same price, and this absolutely blows it out of the water.Pros:Display - While not AMOLED quality, very sharp.OS - Coming from Android, or really any smart phone, it's actually very intuitive and easy to set up, I didn't need to read anything to get everything the way I wanted.Windows 8 phone feels extremely well designed, there are things I miss from my Galaxy like the drag down summary screen, but I've found most things easily accessible.Build quality - The phone feels great, it honestly feels better than my last phone which was almost 10 times more expensive.Design - Button placement etc feels good, there are some nice built in hardware touches i.e. hitting the volume rocker pops up your music player, hitting the search button brings up search engine, hitting the camera button (Dedicated camera button on side) brings up the camera app.Speakers - good, already back to using my phone as my portable music player.Speed - This is the low end of the lumia series, but it's virtually unnoticeable. Slight load times occasionally, but for the most part everything opens up smoothly with sharp animations.Internet - Good, you get 4g with this phone, I had 4g lte with my last phone...it's a little slower.Photos - Decent quality, and able to switch through camera programs quickly.Touch screen - This isn't quite on par with the best touch screens, noticeably on the bottom navigation buttons I sometimes have to tap twice, but very responsive.Cons -Headset jack - Sometimes (and it's plugged in firmly), I'll start a music app with the headphones plugged in and it will play over the speakers, if I unplug/replug it after starting the app it will pipe through the headphones, annoying to have to do that though.Dead pixel - Honestly I didn't notice this after 3 days of fiddling around with the phone on..but when I restarted one day and the screen was blank and lit I did notice a dead pixel...absolutely not noticeable during use but still there.Flash - This phone doesn't have one, but be honest how many low light shots really turn out with a camera phone anyways?Forward facing camera - For "Selfies" the easy-to- hit dedicated camera button means selfies are pretty easy to take.. if you facetime or anything like that this won't work.Call quality - During the first day there was noticeable static on the line, through various callers etc, never had that on my old phone.Overall this is retail dollar for dollar probably the best phone out there bar-none. I've researched lots of phones at various price points, demo'd them, gotten feedback from friends, on top of the actual other phones I've owned. Not saying it's better than a GS4, or Iphone5 etc of course but considering how much more they cost. (at certain times this phone drops to $60-70 with no contract) this is a ridiculously good deal, a no-brainer 5 star product.Honestly this phone is still a backup when it's all said and done, I'll use it as my primary phone for the next 6 months, but I'll upgrade when my plan allows. That being said, I'm not really biased towards any of the major 3 players, and this phone has planted Windows Phone as a contender for my $$ when I purchase a top of the line phone. If nothing else this phone is so cheap it's a great way to explore Windows Phone without breaking the bank, or an amazing kids first phone.

I received this for my birthday. I really hated texting and thought I would never use it. I just love that it is so easy to use and its a comfortable fit in my hand. It does everything I need and more. I have become a believer. This is a great phone for the money and the shipping was great.

While the phone is OK but the Windows operating system is not praise worthy. I used Android before buying the phone and to be honest the windows operating system is lacking many basic feature that comes with Android. I am not going to buy another windows based phone, it is simply not intuitive and just not smart. For example, windows phone does not have any world time zone, or even a stop watch built in. So one would have install separate software for each functions.

I bought like a gift for a friend so far has been working good. time will tell no more to say

This phone does not have some of the bells and whistles that more expensive phones have, but it works exceptionally well and is great for most users and at a very reasonable price.

It's the best phone for the money. I'm loving it. No flash for the camera but I can live without that.

Yes.. it's lock to T-mobile, but still a great window phone... it came with a SIM card (real small one), activated through T-mobile store, it perform flawlessly... the touch screen, and WIFI works great, the Battery lasted a long time (on Standby) not like my wife's Iphone.. even on standby it still drain the battery. Like it so much order another one, at $79...and take pretty decent pictures too.

This phone is nothing more than a glorified toy.Consider: There is no way to download and use items unless they are downloaded through the apps already installed on the phone.Consider: There is no mp3 player. It is not possible to download or install one. Thus it is not possible to play anything other than what can be downloaded through the apps already installed on the phone.Consider: Not all Nokia Lumia 521's come with an SD slot. I thought they did, but obviously not because mine doesn't have one.Consider: Any items you do download are stored on the phone, but there is no way to find them. There is no way to get to the root menu to locate the items you download. The only items you can find are the ones downloaded using one of the apps already installed on the phone.This phone is nothing more than a glorified toy.

Great phone, fast and reasonably priced. My best smart phone so far with many apps available. I am even able to watch TV on this phone with a super clear picture.

I purchase my phone from amazon it by tmobile I love it and the price is way cheaper then the Tmobile store there price was much more expensive; I got a new phone that was in the original packaging and everything was included.

I am really enjoying this phone. I found it easy to learn and love being able to download my music videos. The size is good for the "mature" eye. Overall I am very pleased!

ok i own ipad 2..nexus 7 and galaxy s3 with a windows 8 laptop  i bought this phone cuz of the hype surrounding os platform..with all the devices i own the 521 is a great starter phone for newbies but also for those like me who like to play around with inexpensive tech like the 521 the phone is practical though and through..when and if u buy this phone back up ur sim card contacts to the sim and sd card,,then put both in phone,,boot up,,then do a factory reset...this will help with google mail and ur other google accounts..i had probs with this and so i did just that and it solved the prob..now to the meat of the phone..windows 8 flows flawlessly on the 521..no lag and i found all kinds of neat hidden features through messing around with the phone as well as  internet...8.1 is coming tmo news says it is so does nokia...and all the internet does...the hardware specs work on this phone better than u might think the os is fast responsive and best yet unclutterd  hooray microsoft..but we all know if u wait and see what people want u kinda copy others but with a different pizzaz..microsoft and apple have done this bikering over the years but wait theres more...this phone is great for your teens..because parents can monitor from any windows ..apple..or android os by simply using your microsoft account or apple or  android sytem with your email and monitor location content and contacts by simply becoming an administrater(the one who is in charge,parents) you can get help and tips on the internet..i would buy three more just to have them for presents..also bought one for a cousin in england,, and it works there too...buy buy buy!!!!

The product meets or exceeds every specification and is one of the best values for the money I have found in a long time.

This is my first smart phone.  I absolutely love this phone.  It is very reliable.  The features are great.  It was probably the biggest bang for the buck on the market.For an entry level phone, I'm glad I chose this one.What I like:mp3 playerpodcast subscriptionmap featuregood texting featureInternet browser easy to useFree apps that are availableWhat I don't like:Public transit feature is not that good

Amazing phone for the price. Never lags or randomly shuts off/glitches or anything. Very good camera too. Windows 8 takes a little getting used to but it runs flawlessly on this phone. Very good battery life too.  Never gets hot with constant use like some other phones. Too bad I also just bought an iPhone because I would have saved my money and bought another one of these instead had I known how durable and well built these are. This nokia was a present for my boyfriend. This phone feels like it could have easily been sold for $500 instead of $119 lol.

This is a low end smart phone.  All the features are basic.  The price tag is also low.  It is a decent purchase for the price.

Yeah, this is the entry level smartphone that you always wanted, good quality, good picture taking resolutions, lots of feature to use and play with, don't spend no $600 for the phone and making payment forget it honey, no way Jos&eacute;!

This is a smartphone in the full sense of the word. Don't let the price full ya. Only real flaws are the okay camera and alert sounds. Its usable just not great. I don't think a camera should be added if it had no flash. The software makes up for the flashless camera, but sometimes it is too dark. Another flaw is the lack of alert sounds. You can't add any and the ones it has are generic. My phone has been R2D2 for years this is the first phone I've had that R2D2 has to make a windows sound for text, email, and voicemail. Other than that this phone is great. It is fast, durable, and has a growing apps library with most popular apps. I also really like the GUI. Also this thing plays some amazing games with stunning graphics. I really like trials extreme. It also has wordament, which is a must for me.

Bought this phone because my previous phone became my sons play toy. As far as quality it feels delicate, not much weight to it how i like it. Battery life not that great but manageable, maybe i have apps running and dont know it. I would recommend a case cover, ive had it for a few hours and dropped it twice because it just slipped out my hand (thankfully it feel both times on my lap). Camera not too great and im use to a front facing camera. And for whatever reason when the phone is charging the back of the phone gets really hot. Not as many free apps as an andriod but again, this was just a temporary phone. If you are new to a smartphone this would be perfect, want to give ur kids an updated but but not spend $300+ this is good. I paid $108 including tax and received it in 2 days. Nice phone just scare to hold it when standing on concrete lol. Trust me, get a case with grip or a so that if u drop it, it wont break.

Have not activated this phone yet.  But I like the size for my first Android. Got to find a better case for it though. Will re-rate when actiavted and in full use.

Arrived right on time, and have been using it for a month or so now. It has been working great! Very user friendly, stylish appearance, very good sensitivity, and tons of wonderful apps. I love listening to music, so I love the Nokia Music app. My mom loves the Nokia Here Drive app, which has by far been the most accurate gps for driving we have used, and we have used a lot.... My mom even said she prefers this phone over her iphone 4s. :) Some people said the camera sucks, but even with no flash, it works fine! It came installed with 2 camera apps(?) and I tested them both. One was blurry, but the other one was super clear. There is no rear facing camera, so if you love taking selfies, look for  a different phone, but for me, this is perfect. Will definitely order another Nokia phone next time.

Good phone, better than I've expected. Front camera would make it an excellent phone. I have no regrets so far,

Good phone, easy to use.  Simple internet access and calling options.  The associates at theT-Mobile store near my home were very helpful in transferring my contacts.

Good windows phone. I don't think it is bright enough, but that is okay for me. Good sound controls and camera.

Well worth the price of $25.  Switched from Blackberry to WP8, this phone has all the basic functions I need. Certainly not the same build quality or advanced functionality of a Blackberry, but it does the job.  I knew that it was not going to be as advanced as my BB, but I wanted a phone that would link and sync seamlessly with my W8 laptop and tablet.

He is very experienced with tech and loves the phone.  great apps & camera & screen.  recommend it to anyone

If you want to get a young person in your life a great phone at a reasonable price, this is the phone to get. Cost me just over $87 and that is with tax. Never could I have gotten an Android or IOS device of this quality for this price. Yes, it has some drawbacks, but none related to the performance of the device. No, the camera isn't the best and few other perks have been left out, but this phone is fast, doesn't freeze up and can gets major compliments when people see it. The Windows app store isn't as robust as the IOS  and Android stores, but it has the basics and my son is very happy with his new gift.

Going from an iPhone to windows 8 took some time to get use to but I did. If I can figure it out- anyone can. Love how I can set up the screen with different size tags. I'm enjoying the change.

it keeps powering off on me for no reason at all.  when it worked it was good but now it just keeps powering off and not working correctly

This phone is an absolute steal and a fabulous entry level smartphone for the money.  Nokia has always made solid hardware and the Windows phone platform will catch up quickly to iOS and Android.  The app store is inferior, but give it time and every major app will be offered on Windows Phones before time.  There's already versions of Instragram, snapchat, whatsapp, etc. if that's your thing.  As far as the phone goes, again for the money, this phone is great.  The OS is easy, I actually like the &#34;tiles&#34; and ability to customize it.  Good call clarity, messaging, fast internet, and best of all FREE MAPS - offline, meaning do data is used.  The only downsides would be no flash on camera or front facing camera either, but it does take decent pictures outside or in lighted areas.

These things are bulletproof. You could bring one of these to hell and back, and the phone would still work.

I like bargains.  I'm retired, live on a fixed income, and am always searching for ways to stretch a dollar.  The Nokia 521 may be the best bargain going in smartphones.I'll begin by saying that this is my FIRST smartphone.  Wal-Mart offers this Family plan deal (no contract) through T-Mobile for $29.99 monthly for unlimited phone and texts.  For $10 more, you can purchase a plan that provides unlimited data.  I thought, &#34;Finally, here&#8217;s a plan I can afford, now I just need to find the right phone to pair with it.&#34;  The Lumia 521 and the Wal-Mart plan is a match made in heaven.First, some quick background ... all I was searching for was a simple phone.  I had a flip phone but I guess I yielded to the pressure of having a device that many consider outdated.  This phone cost a little more but what the heck.  I think I ended up paying $59.99 for this puppy.  It makes phone calls, allows me to send texts and so much more.  Perhaps I've been living under a rock but I didn't realize a handheld phone could do so much.I read the reviews before making the purchase and after having purchased the phone, wonder how it can be criticized at all.  It works as advertised and if you're familiar with Windows, it's very easy to use and navigate.  I find Windows 8 to be very intuitive despite using Windows XP on my desktop.  Others have written more detailed reviews so I won't get into all that it can do.But I'll tell you this: I can check my emails, use it as a calculator, view my bank account, use it as a scanner for receipts or whatever, use it as a map, address book, people or business finder, stay updated with the latest news, cruise the internet (with virtually no lag time), watch movies, or do just about anything that I can do on my desktop computer.  I added a memory card and now have over 4 GB of songs I can listen to when I'm out and bored.  It even has a 5 MP camera that allows me to take pictures of my Grand kids! Oh, I also downloaded an app that allows me to use it as a pedometer to track my daily walk/exercise efforts.All I can say is those that complain about the phone obviously forget IT ONLY COSTS 60 BUCKS!  Because of its affordability, it won't have all the bells and whistles that other, far more expensive, smartphones would have but for the cost, it more than fits the bill.  I am so impressed with this Nokia model that in a year or so, I intend to upgrade and get the more expensive 1020 (the specs of the camera are the industry best).  It's funny, but owners of more expensive phones look at mine and are genuinely impressed.  They cannot believe it does about as much as their more expensive phones at a fraction of the cost.My recommendation, for what it's worth, is this:  If you're on a budget and looking for an affordable smartphone, I think you'll be very happy with this model.  IMO, Nokia got it right!

Very solid Phone got this in Oct or Nov. Still works great.  Pretty solid speakers, also i really like how i can hook it up to my xbox live and my hotmail email.  Ive had t-moble for a while even before this phone and they have always been pretty solid as well.

I have had this phone since August 2013 and I fell in love with it. New apps are being added everyday and I do not regret my decision in buying a windows phone. I am currently updating to the lumia 810 because it has a front camera, but this phone was amazing! The only problem I had was the lack of front camera, which developed after a snapchat app was added to the store. This phone was a perfect first smartphone and I will keep it in case an other break. Don't let some of these reviews scare you, it was an amazing phone. It has amazing camera quality and is very easy to use.

after being hesitant about a windows phone, I went ahead and purchased this phone..I figured the specs were decent, and the price was a good selling point. All I can say is KICK ASS PHONE! still learning the interface, it is slick and smooth..the OS windows 8 is very nice!..I know windows phones are way behind to the other two kids on the block, BUT sales are definitely getting better every quarter..People get a windows phone, you will not be disappointed. And just remember MICROSOFT is sitting on a mountain of cash to keep the phone business operating. GET ONE!

Pros:* Reliable and easy to use.* Great for users who are used to Windows, especially Windows 8.* Comes with SkyDrive and can automatically upload all pictures, and OneNote messages, which you can fully organize on your laptop with the access of the SkyDrive.* Battery charges quickly.Cons* Does not have a front-facing camera (You can't Video-chat)* Camera quality could be a bit betterWith this price, you can't complain much.  I'm always online with PCs, and relatively a light-user for smart phones, so this is more than enough for me.  Will buy another for my kids.

I am a no- contract user. I pay $50 a mo for unltd text, data, calls... I use wi-fi when possible and it stays at 4G...I wanted to get the new IPhone 5... Even went in to TMoble to handle one. I liked it and was on the fence. Realized it would cost me an extra $40-$50 a month on top of the plan itself...I saw the reviews and thought id give this a shot and i am SO happy i didn't get the iPhone!! This phone is awesome. it is fast, i can navigate through it easily, the apps are kina lame, but that's ok!!! it is totaly worth $100... I hope it lasts me a long time, and if for some reason it doesn't, i will stick to the window's phone, specifically the Nokia Lumina series. I recommend this phone!

I'm a big fan of iOS and this is a much better choice than Android. I still use iOS for my mobile trading but WP should see development  down the road. So other than trading this is a much better GUI for all your day to day communications. For those that will use t-mobile one cool feature is wifi calling so if you have a weak cell signal at home your still good. I turn off cell data and use my Skype Number and have a $2 daily plan and only get charged when I use my t-mobile number. This is a great way to have a home phone and cell service on demand. For FYI you can check your t-mobile voice mail from another number and not be charged for the day which is nice. You just hit star and enter your pin like all cell voice mails.Your phone will ring when it's on but if you don't answer there's no charge even with cell data off which you need to do in settings. I install a connection app to make it easy. If you like the daily plan idea just remember cell data must be off and do not answer your incoming call unless you want to pay for that day which ends at midnight then starts a new day. So far I would recommend this phone but plan to get my wife a 1020 and use it with straight talk. $45 a month unlimited everything but data throttled at 2.5 gig which really is a bargain.

Until my prior android phone was stolen (Samsung Galaxy S) I had honestly never considered a Windows phone (I really dislike Windows 8 on my PC), but after a week with this phone i am extremely impressed. I bought it primarily because of it's low cost and some positive reviews (I watched a few hands-on videos). The OS is very, very fast compared to my last phone, and the interface is exceedingly slick. If you know you're only going to use your phone for a few things (for me it's calls, texting, web, and twitter) than this is great purchase. The camera doesn't seem terrific, but it's not a deal-breaker for me. If you're looking for a budget smart phone this is a great pick.

When I was looking to replace my not-so-smart phone, I have to admit that no WP8 phone was on my list. I didn't think there would be any, as I was aiming at a sub-$150 budget without a contract. At that price level, I was pretty much looking at Android phones of various specifications, OS generations, and/or refurbished with dubious quality. Then I saw a local electronics store advertise this Nokia 521 for $120, and that prompted me to do some research. And then I was sold.- High on my list was a battery that would get me through the day. This one will do it.- Also, is the battery user replaceable? Yes. They don't last forever, so this is important.- Expandable storage? Yes.- Easy to use? From the reviews about WP8, I hoped it was ... and I was not let down. Very intuitive, I must say.Yes, there are some drawbacks, as others have noted, but none are so detrimental as to completely ruin the experience. Factor in the price, the pros absolutely overshadows the cons this phone has. Are there better smartphones out there? Sure. Are there better smartphones out there for under $150? None I can think of.FWIW, I'm using the phone with PTel (Platinum Tel), a MVNO operator on the T-Mobile network. There is no need to unlock the phone - the only change you have to make is the network. To do that, go to settings, access point (it's further down), and then enter the applicable entries as documented on PTel's site. Set it to active, and you'll be good to go.

This Window phone has some very annoying issues:  1) Often, restarting itself  in the middle of use or upon connecting to a link2) Bunch of non-functional icons with alphabet name appeared from no where and keep replicating.  The only way I'd get rid of these ghost icons is to reset to factory, that would ensue a repeating down loading of updates.  I've been wondering if there are any impending updates to fix these annoying issues.  I still own the original Samsung Galaxy S. It has never given me any upsetting issues comparing with the new Window Nokia Lumia.

Amazon comes through with an amazing deal for a phone that gets the basics of a smart device, down pat.I am a T-Mobile customer who has never had an interest in breaking the bank for a cell phone. That said, I couldn't justify shopping T-Mobile's online storefront, only to find the most basic of smart phones running well over $100. So, for the first time ever, I did some shopping at Amazon to search for a phone that suits my needs without dumping loads of cash into one.Quickly, I found the Nokia Lumia 521 to be at a surprisingly great price for a phone that stakes big claims in capability. As I stated earlier, I am an existing T-Mobile customer with a plan that I had no intentions of changing. Because this purchase comes with no contract obligation, this was the perfect fit for me and any T-Mobile customer who is looking to just own a new phone.Once it arrived, the transfer from one device to the Lumia 521 was seamless. I previously owned a phone that utilized the larger SIM card; but, fortunately, the Lumia 521 included the new micro SIM card. The cost to swap SIM cards? $0. The time spent on the phone with customer service to swap SIM cards? Not a single second. Current T-Mobile users can use their TMobile.com online account access to switch SIM cards by simply typing the number supplied with the Lumia 521's SIM card! So much ease!Now, weeks later, I have used this phone for social media access, internet surfing, phone calls, text messaging and more - all with no troubles what-so-ever. Needless to say, this was exactly the phone I was looking for - it performs extremely well and at a price tag well below $100, I highly recommend this device to anyone who wants smart phone capabilities coupled with affordability.Furthermore, I should add that my previous phone was formatted with the Andriod operating system - something that I very much enjoyed. So, I was a bit apprehensive knowing that the Lumia 521 employed a Windows OS. That said, my experince with it has been nothing but positive. Only two downsides about this phone: 1) the three function keys at the bottom of the device do not light up, 2) this device, in order to cut expenses, does not have a compass (it does feature GPS, however) that would be useful with some navigation applications. Other than those findings, navigation is a breeze, customizing the tile layout is superb, and the phone processes actions with very little effort.Additionally: the screen is nicely lit, the battery has a good lifecycle, and the phone sports the level of sleekness reminiscent of its more expensive Nokia family members.Overall, this phone and the Amazon discount offer the best bang for the buck - that I am aware of - in this day and age of cell phones! If you are a current or prospective T-Mobile customer and would like to save some serious cash without comprimising quality, look no further than the Lumia 521.

I like the phone, More than my expectation. Price & quality is very good.Volume and charging are very good.

Great phone, with great apps, great camera, great (and FREE) GPS, and ...I have Android phone and iPad. I love this Windows phone!

I bought it as a gift to my pastor and he loves it. I would buy another one for myself.

Came on timeWorks greatCamera is goodWould recommend it to anyone who is looking for am inexpensive phone and great resultsVery happy I got it

I love how corporate criminals at Microsoft lost out toApple iphone and Google android phone software market share.So they are giving them away for $69 to try to catch up?Hopefully this lumina series will drop to $39.00I might buy another one.Works as advertised.This seller got it here on time, as stated.

I love this Nokia Lumia 521.  It is both elegant and so simple to use.  I was searching for a perfect cellular phone and when I received it, I found it to have everything I needed all wrapped up in one. Glad I bought it, thank you.

I really like this phone, it is user friendly and has quite a bit of memory. It also has a fast processor.

I just got this phone.  I think I may have dropped it once from my pocket to the floor and the screen is all screwed up already.

I would really love to have this phone. My friend got one I usually borrow it and I really like the features of the phone. It would be very cool to have this phone.

really like the phone. Haven't had it but a month so not sure I would be any help! But so far I like everything!!

Great phone over all. Fast and user friendly. The mega pixel amount is the only bad thing about this phone. Never owned a smart phone, but I'm glad I went with a windows phone. You should be warned that Android Apps will not work on this phone and that the Windows versions of the same apps aren't completely the same. That doesn't bother me at all.

I read probably a hundred reviews of this phone and they all said &#34;this phone gets a bad rap just because it doesn't have a lot of apps available!&#34;  I thought to myself, no big deal!  I don't use a lot of apps!Little did I know that that is the LEAST of this phone's problems.  True, it has hardly any apps.  The bigger issue is that the apps it does have are awful. The FB app is buggy and many features are not available.  ALL apps only work 1-2 times before they won't open or function and you have to reboot the phone.  Should you reboot your phone regularly?  Yes.  Should you have to reboot your phone 5-10 times a day just to get Pandora or FB to open?  No.Other issues: will not receive picture texts will wifi calling is enabled, and wifi calling is one of the few redeeming features of this phone.  So if you want to see that picture message, you have to turn off wifi calling and reboot the phone.  That will fix it, some of the time.  Sometimes not.  But what's the point of having this phone without wifi calling?  While it's working, that is.  Sometimes it won't kick on wifi calling even though it's connected to the wifi and you have to reboot 3-4 times before it figures it out it should connect.  It also won't receive group messages or messages of a certain character length if you have it set to American English.  You can change the location setting, but then you can't make outgoing calls because it will automatically input the wrong country code.  These are KNOWN issues that Windows/Nokia/whoever refuses to fix and Tmobile will do nothing but &#34;submit a bug report.&#34;  Seriously, google &#34;picture messages not working on Nokia Lumia&#34; and the posts go back for years.Sometimes when I get calls, it won't let me answer.  I can hit the answer button repeatedly, but nothing happens.  Often when I reboot my phone, I will get a dump of texts that I should have been receiving over the span of several hours.Sometimes it will randomly disconnect from wifi and switch to data without telling me.  It's pretty easy to burn through your data plan when you start Pandora on wifi and then accidentally run it from data for 5 hours while you're at work.Tmobile customer support swears up and down that this phone is functioning perfectly and that rebooting will fix these issues.I have always been a cheap phone user and used the cheapest smartphones on Virgin for years and years.  I finally switched to Tmobile to get the wifi calling, and this is what I got stuck with.  Absolutely NO comparison to even the crappiest, most basic Android phones.  If you want a phone that will do nothing but take and receive wifi calls, then consider this phone.  If you want to do absolutely anything else, skip it.

I love it thought it had a camera on the front but. I love it it what I asked for and more

Less than a week.Upsides (compared to my old smart phone): Only need to recharge less than 1x/day. Really fast. Seems very stable. Very lightweight. Reading format of email is very easy to read and very attractive. Better keyboard layout than Android 2.1. Camera resolution is fine for me, I remember when getting digital cameras at this resolution was an expensive proposition and higher resolution means bigger files anyway.Downsides: Limited availability of apps (compared to Android). Sync (or lack thereof) with Google Contacts is a problem for me. It is unclear why certain contacts will sync and others will not. Email and Calendar syncing works fine.

I work for T-Mobile- I bought this phone for me due to its low price and lack of customer issues. I use for my 2nd line ( my first line is a Note II ) This is a great phone- The only issues I have had is with apps downloaded from the Marketplace ( caused my phone to reboot ) The call quality and stability of the phone is great- With all Smartphones they will work best all around with a quick power off and on at least every other day.. ( something customers are weary to do not sure why ) Otherwise there are very little issues with this phone ( no MMS on wifi calling is one of the known issues customers call in for )Very nice smartphone for the price- If you don't care about having the variety of apps like Android and Apple its a great phone!

I was only able to use to recive and make calls . The apps did not work nor was I able to estabkish any connections wifi or network although the same sim card worked on my exisiting note it did not work well on this windows phone

Great Value! Not a top of the line smart phone but, for $70, it gets the job done. But it only comes in white. Windows might benefit from some interface improvements. For example, you'd have to take many steps in order to add a contact.

I really like this phone. It was cheap, and is durable. I bought it in January and it still works extremely well. The only downside is because it's a Windows phone, I can't use Zedge which allows me to download wallpapers and ringtones, etc. I didn't like that it had frequent drop calls, but it is cheap so you can't expect a lot. However, if you set the phone to Wifi calling, the problem no longer exists. I started doing that and I don't get dropped calls but once every two weeks. Then again, it works perfectly in other areas. Where I live, unfortunately, there are no cell towers so dropped calls could only be the problem if you happen to live in a similar area. I love that it has Microsoft, which I don't have on my laptop. I was able to save money because I can type my papers, complete a spreadsheet, and do powerpoints for class. It also has Adobe so I was able to download my syllabus and other documents without any problem. I orginally bought this phone as a replacement to hold me over til I could get a better one, but I think I might keep it a while longer. I have no problems with it except, like I mentioned before, that it drops calls, which is probably due to the lack of towers in my area.

I love this phone!! It has great features I would recommend this to others if your looking for a Windows phone... Received earlier than expected Fast Shipping!!

Fantastic upgrade from a non-smart phone into an entry level smartphone, highly recommended for anyone who wants a cheap efficient upgrade. Even better than an iphone 3.

I purchased this when it was on Amazon's Lightning Deal for $55. I purchased it for my father who isn't really technology savy and this was his first smart phone. He loves it. The Nokia's window 8 Design makes it simple to use. The free GPS without using data is also a plus. There is also a free $20 Windows App voucher if you have bought this phone before January 31st, 2014. you just have to find the page for the voucher and register your Nokia Lumia 521 on Nokia's site. What a deal! The only con for me is that it does not have a flashlight. Well what can I say? For the price point this was a fantastic deal even though it did not have a flashlight.

Phone came in 3 days and it works great  as an entry level phone.  Got it on sale, so with price and features, well worth it.  The port over was very easy and took only about 2 hours.

Decently quick. Sometimes freezes up on me but a quick removal of the battery gets it to turn back on. Not fancy but gets the job done. Sweet camera options but the camera is awful. Probably won't get another Windows phone, I just prefer Android or IOS, but it's a nice, cheap temporary phone.Screen is also not very durable. I dropped it and the bottom corner of the screen cracked and is beginning to spider. Granted, I probably shouldn't have dropped it. But it happens.

I'm an American expat in the Dominican Republic.  I have several Dominican friends that  often ask me to order things for them from Amazon because selection and price are better than here, even with shipping.A computer tech friend asked me to order this.  He has been using it for a few weeks and is very pleased.  He says it is fast on the internet, the camera works fine, when he Skypes with the phone there are no problems either with the phone or the camera, the battery lasts as long as expected, the ringer is loud enough for him, the incoming voice is loud and clear and from  all reports his voice is well received by  those he is talking with.He highly recommends the  camera, so I won't be surprised if others also ask me to order for them.

like many, I purchased this phone as a cheap stop gap phone until I saved up for my next phone.  4 months later, I am still using this phone, and my motivation to purchase another has been dwindled to nothing by this phone.

I love every feature of this phone. It lets me do everything. The screen has a fast response. I'm writing the review with this phone. I would recommend this to anyone.i also suggest that you get a case because it scratches easily. Got this phone for $80 and it was absolutely worth the money.i just wish there was a front. But the camera is very good, but no flash.

The phone does its job, not as much features as an android phone. I would recommend this phone to someone that wants a easy phone to operate and understand

This phone is exactly what I ordered for my daughter and she loves it! It came earlier than projected too.

Despite being with T-Mobile for 7 years they have really given me and my husband notoriously bad customer service. In order to bypass their myopic ways without spending $500+ to break our contracts we found these fabulous phones on Amazon to upgrade our old poop machines! These phones are a great value and are simply amazing. I love all the features including their ability to compute MS Word and Excel! (Obsessive spread sheeter much?) You can personalize everything. These Nokias are pretty heavy duty as within the first 24 hours of owning it I dropped consistently with no damage to the device. They are, dare I say, better than Iphones which I find to be heavy, delicate, overpriced, overrated, and somewhat glitchy, Anyway, thanks Amazon! You restored my faith in humanity!

I recently received this phone and I have to say that I am pretty impressed so far. It seems to have a pretty good antenna because the signal quality is a lot better than my LG Optimus on the T-Mobile network which makes a difference when you live in a place where it is difficult to get a signal. One thing that really stands out to me and which I like a lot is the Windows 8 OS on the phone, it is well thought out especially Internet Explorer, I like how the address bar is on the bottom and not the top. As a web and mobile designer I can really appreciate it.

the phone needs more apps but the phone works great, need to get a case cause the phone can get slippery at times but its a very small problem

My galaxy s4 broke and this Nokia Lumia 521 was the perfect replacement. Pretty advanced features for a super affordable phone. Fell in love with the customizable background apps. Misplaced it once, went to windows.com and they made the phone the ring super loud for me. Neat feature. Gave me location and everything. Love this cute little phone.

This phone is fantastic especially for what you're paying for. You can easily find this little gem for about $100 if not cheaper. And the best part, is it doesn't requite a contract. I've had the phone for a little over a month now, and I don't have a single complaint for it yet. The windows 8 operating system is highly customizable and easy to get used to. The calling is incredibly clear, and the app selection is decent for an operating system this new.Highly recommended if you're looking for a good phone on a tight budget.

Great smart phone! I had a Samsung Galaxy 2. It locked up frequently, opened unwanted apps, did not perform well. The Nokia 521 works much better, battery lasts really well (all day), and is super easy to use. I would have it over an I phone any day! T-mobile works well too. Wireless calling feature is really good as well.Both my wife and I are really satisfied with quality, features, and especially the reasonable price.UPDATE: Now, several months later, still very happy with phone AND with t-mobile. Both work well, great improvement over both samsung galaxy 2 and Sprint.

Like the phone, I received what I ordered for...but was expecting ear phones with it...but fine...received on time...best phone in that price...

For $70 I wasn't expecting a lot, especially when similarly priced phones were soo... dated? The 521 browses the web with ease and seems to run apps smoothly. I don't see this being my long term phone but for my first smart phone I couldn't be happier and I know whomever I eventually give this to will enjoy it just as much.Pros:Cheap, stylish, wifi calling, 4G speeds, GSMCons:Gets very warm when playing games. Limited 3rd party apps. Low memory means having too many things open can cause an app to crash.Conclusion:If you're on the fence about this phone then just get it. I was debating getting a smart phone for several months and researching which one would be best for me. The top end smart phones obviously have a lot more appeal but the differences are honestly minimal. Windows phone OS is light weight and runs smoothly even on this low end device. I would choose the 521 over most iphones and samsungs made before 2013.

It's so great bless Jesus for creating this miracle the Nokia Lumia 521. Life won't be the same without it. Free BIBLE APPS! NOT!!!!!

I rarely write reviews for my purchases on Amazon.com but the Nokia Lumia 521 made me spend a good half hour typing this review up.This is an amazing phone! I bought it as an entry into Windows Phone 8 and as a backup to my Nexus 4. I was expecting it to be an eh eh phone since I had an HTC TyTn II about 5 years ago and was quite underwhelmed by the Windows Mobile experience at that time. For $95 I am simply blown away. I wasn't expecting this to happen. My intention was to use this phone as a backup, but I'm currently using this as my daily driver, and after two weeks of use I love it!I am familiar with all three major mobile operating systems. I have an iPad and an iPod, Samsung Galaxy Exhibit and Nexus 4 and now the Lumia 521 to round out the iOS, Android and WP8 operating system portfolio. Whilst I am quite content with the pure Google experience on the Nexus 4, I am just amazed by how much I like the Lumia 521.Here are some observations after about two weeks of usage.-FAST, fast, fast &#8211; There is no lag on this phone. It can hold up to the Nexus 4 without any issues. It blows the Galaxy Exhibit II out of the water about 2 miles away. Also the WP interface while loading large apps is much better than iOS or Android, I liked it when I saw it in action on Outlook.com and then the corresponding Andriod app.-Ergonomic Design / Construction &#8211; Love the battery cover and how nicely it comes off and goes back on again. Pretty light weight, right size as a phone and good balance/feel in the hand. This phone feels substantially superior to the Galaxy Exhibit II and at the same time is half price! The build quality on this phone is on par with the Nexus 4. The phone doesn&#8217;t feel cheap despite the use of plastic!-Good Battery Life - Both the Nexus 4 and the Galaxy Exhibit II lose their charge much faster than the Lumia 521. It charges much faster than the other two Android phones that I have.-Camera &#8211; Nokia Smart Cam as a default app turned on with the dedicated camera key is a great feature. It takes really good pictures for a no name brand 5MP camera. Also the picture quality is much better than Nexus 4 or Galaxy Exhibit II, at least in my opinion. Nokia Creative Studio then helps out quite a bit in putting some nice finishing touches on the pictures.-Screen Display &#8211; I like the size, it seems just about right at 4 inches. Whilst it is not a super amazing display it is still a very nice screen. The screen is also quite sensitive and I can see why Nokia claims you can use this phone with gloves on your hands during winter months.-Great storage options &#8211; 8GB internal memory and an expandable micro SD card. I have a 16GB card installed so have 24GB total available on the phone. I cannot imagine getting a 24GB phone for about $110 from any other manufacturer.-Speaker &#8211; the quality of sound and the output level are amazing. The Nexus 4 speaker is downright pathetic in comparison.-No flash on camera &#8211; This is one minor irritant but not that big a deal. It takes reasonable pictures and then I can always process them later if I really like the low light picture. On other low cost devices there might be a flash but the actual camera and camera software is lousy and so the actual pictures are not that much superior anyways. I offer up two examples &#8211; Nexus4 and Samsung Galaxy Exhibit II &#8211; my two Android phones and of course the iPad2 has a horrible camera as well.-WP Ecosystem &#8211; This is a slightly weak spot in the overall experience. So far I am missing one music app (but the equivalent is actually just as good), Google Currents, a slightly better mobile  browser, and Vonage Extensions on the Lumia 521. I am not an Instagram user so that is not a deal breaker for me. The ability to sync my work and personal calendar and to have three live tiles &#8211; one for work email, one for Gmail and one for Hotmail on the home screen are huge advantages for me. Nokia Music, Nokia Maps are really good apps to use as well. The ability to sync files via the laptop and a USB cable is also quite convenient.In conclusion, if you're looking to try out WP8 or get a back-up smartphone for your $350 to $750 smartphone (Nexus to iPhone and everything in between) let me help you cut your chase short. Buy this phone for $99 on Amazon or Microsoft store for T-Mobile or Metro PCS or Straight Talk. You can even buy the Lumia 520 for the same price if you are a big fan of AT&T;/Aio or have a Straight Talk AT&T; compatible SIM card.At this price point I don&#8217;t think there is an Android phone that can hold up to the performance of the Lumia 521/520. And Nokia is planning to roll out the WP8 GDR3 as Nokia Black update pretty soon so that makes this a really good phone with up to date hardware and an up to date OS for a price that is as good as a souped up feature phone. $99 Android phones running 4.4 Kitkat are still quite a ways away:-)

It's a great little phone, and at a great price. Sure it might not take the highest quality pictures, have a forward facing camera, or a rear flash, but as phones go, it's great. I can make calls and send texts, which are the basic requirement of a phone. The audio quality is fantastic, and the built-in speaker produces a great and loud sound. It also gets better coverage on the same network from my old phone, so that's another plus to it.As Windows mobile goes, sure it might not have all the fancy new apps that come out for Android or the iPhone, but there are work arounds for most of them, and the ones that you can't find you probably don't need. The functionality of the OS is spot on for my needs in the overall.The battery and the touch screen are really my only two downsides to it. The battery life is great if you're like me and you don't use the phone for constant gaming, video streaming, etc. I usually get around two days of charge when I use it as a simple phone. However, if you're into gaming or need to stream lots of videos, the batter sucks. I tend to get about four or five hours out of the battery when playing games or streaming, and that's using the power saver mode. However, the battery is accessible, meaning you might be able to replace it with a higher capacity model.As for touch screen, it can be a little unresponsive at times. Unless you game significantly on your phone, this is really a non-issue, but I had to include it for the gamers out there.On the whole, it's an entry level smart phone. It's missing features available on more expensive models, but that's the price of cutting costs. The battery life isn't the greatest, however it seems decent in comparison to higher level phones, and smart phones have never been really known for phenomenal battery performance as an item. For the price though, it's a solid phone that can call and text, has the ability to download apps, and can connect to the internet. If you're looking for a smart phone on a budget and you don't necessarily mind using Windows Mobile 8 instead of Android, this is the phone for you.

The Nokia Lumia 521 is my first smartphone, although I am more than familiar with electronics hardware and software in general, and I keep up with the latest tech. Things like phones play a distant second fiddle to my interest in laptops and other computing devices. As far as phones and some other things go, I tend to wait until prices plummet when they become common.But, what a great phone to kick off my transition to a smartphone.  I could've bought an obsolete version of an IOS or Android device for more money than this. I'm simply floored by the quality of the Lumia paired with Windows Phone 8. I have to say, WP8 makes IOS7 and Android look obsolete immediately. But this review is about the Nokia, not Windows, and when comparing processing power and storage to other phones in this price range, it's not even close. Nokia has blown the whole smartphone market open with this thing.Build quality is very good, considering the price. The back plate is removable to access the micro-SD card, sim card and battery. Yes, this is a $100 phone that has expandable storage, with a more-than-ample 8gb already on the phone. And, the back plate is replaceable if you damage it or want another color. It's plastic, but like another reviewer commented, Nokia knows a thing or two about durability. They owned the market years ago with durability and quality. They don't fall short of that now, either.Paired with the 1 ghz dual-core Snapdragon processor, Windows Phone 8 behaves beautifully with no noticeable lag. The OS feels light and snappy on this phone, and transitions smoothly.What Nokia has done here has changed the whole way to approach first-time or budget smartphone buyers. You no longer have to settle for a distantly inferior phone with less money.  Nokia manages to shave off things like a camera flash, screen-side camera, HD screen and metal construction, and left high quality essentials and good hardware. It doesn't try to be everything - it clearly targets people who can settle for less options (although there are plenty) but want a good phone for what it does. To me, it does just that, and far more. Excellent product.

For the price, it is a very good phone. I would recommend getting it.  All the needed features are available.

Great phone - better than IOS or Android!  Despite what all the nay-sayers proclaim this phone is the best for the price.  It is a full featured Windows Phone with Outlook - Facebook - XBOX Games etc.  it has a nice camera and WIFI with cloud storage.  Easy transfer of your address book from other phones!  Quality build, we bought a second of these and have not experienced any problems in several months.

Decent. For the price you can not beet it and the prepaid option is the cheapest way to go.

Excellent phone for the money. Looks a little cheap, but the right case and screen protector are great enhancements that will protect it and make it look better, with very little extra money.It replaced a T-Mobile Samsung Gravity Smart with keyboard that broke down after exactly two years. This Nokia 521 seems to be a better phone.

If you are looking for a good windows phone at an affordable price, this is a good choice.  This phone came with a T-Mobile Sim card, wall charger, and, of course, the phone. I have been well pleased with the performance of the phone.

Windows may be limited still, but I am still stunned by all the things this phone can do and all for less than $100.  Best wifi calling I ever had.  Better cell antenna than any phone except ancient Nokias I had.  Lastly the camera works very well even though the phone does not have flash.  Thank you Nokia/Now Microsoft

Build quality on this is cheap.  Too much plastic.  But then again, you get what you pay for.  I bought this for SIM-less testing on Wi-Fi networks and that's about all it's good for.  Nokia is known for building world-class phones.  This is definitely not one of them.

nokia 521 is a soild phone for the price. I just dont like wp8 on it. not enough apps on it.

I purchased the phone for my 13 year old twins, I sort of wish I would have ordered it for myself,  okay not really. But its a cool phone anyway. I think its better, and faster than an android phone, no it is faster. We're on the T-Mobile network and a rep tried to tell me not to get the phone because the kids couldn't download their apps they like, like Face Book, Instagram, AngryBird.. You know kid stuff  But this is untrue.. They can still download the apps but instead of utilizing TMobile marketplace. They get the games from Windows instead. If you are going to buy this phone it's better to purchase it from Amazon or Ebay or something like that. I purchased 2 phones for like $76.00 a piece. tmobile is selling this phone for like $150.00. I hear Walmart sells the phone but not the Walmart by me but I hear their selling it for over 150.00

Fantastic phone for $80 - bought this phone to evaluate T-Mobile in my area (we currently have 5 Verizon phones and are paying way too much each month .... so evaluating T-Mobile with the hope that coverage is adequate and then get significant monthly savings).The Nokia Lumia 521 is a perfectly adequate phone. My main phone is the iPhone 4S ... I was expecting the Lumia 521 to be much inferior to my iPhone, but honestly I think I'd be just about happy enough  to use the Nokia instead of my iPhone (which is really not what I was expecting). My actual plan is to have 4 Nokia 521's and one iPhone if I go the T-Mobile route - all paid for up-front... which upgrades the current 'dumb' phones being used by my family on Verizon and still nets a ~$100 per month savings.There are a few things to learn with the Windows 8 OS on this phone - but generally it's close enough to iOS (I'm using iOS7) that I quickly learned all the features. It seems less customizable than Android, but that isn't necessarily a bad thing (much of my family are a little tech-averse).Overall - I'd highly recommend this phone at this cost.

After some debate if I should get this phone (since it's a Windows phone), I purchased this phone on the 24th October, 2013 at a local Wal-Mart for $100.  For the first 3 days I had this running, it worked great.  Over the last 4 days, this phone has been restarting itself several times (usually 3 to 7 times) a day.  Turns out the battery doesn't fit in the phone properly (little bit of wiggle room, causes the battery to come loose from the battery terminals on the phone).Pros:5MP camera.The pictures come out better than I thought, sometimes the photo comes out blurry but the majority of the time it takes pictures really well.  Shoots video in 720P High Definition at 10mbps.4G HSPA+Not LTE, but decent.  The coverage is great in my area and I get anywhere between 4 & 8 mbps download speeds.  The ping is usually between 80 & 100 MS.Mobile Hotspot.This phone allows you to tether your internet connection, depending on your plan.GPSBest GPS I've used on a phone.  The GPS I've used on any of my previous Android phones would give me turn-by-turn directions, but Windows is the only one I've used that tells me the speed limit in an area.  I can also use it to tell me how fast I'm travelling and how far I've traveled.  I had to install a separate app on Android to do that.Cons:Music.  Transferring music to the phone seems to be a pain in the rear.  I transferred music using Windows Media Player, but after I deleted a folder, none of my music showed up in my phone again.Battery.  As stated above, battery is fairly loose from the battery terminal on the phone, causing it to restart on me several times in a day.  It usually happens when it's in my pocket while I'm walking.Transferring files off the phone via online storage.  I installed dropbox, hoping to be able to upload photos to my dropbox, but I can only put it on my skydrive.  Videos can only be uploaded over WiFi to prevent going over your data package.Transferring files via bluetooth.  I have sent files from this phone to an Android tablet and it works good.  I can only transfer pictures via bluetooth, but not videos.Overall, I would've given this phone a 4 star if it hadn't been for the battery problem I'm facing.  I'll update if the company (either Nokia or T-Mobile) is able to fix this problem.Edit 11/1/13My phone has shut itself off 14 times from 10pm 10/31/13 to 7:30am 11/1/13.  I'm not taking a chance on trying another Lumia phone.  I was hoping for a more reliable phone for $100.Edit 11/3/13I returned the phone back to the store to get my money back.  Unfortunately, Wal-mart wouldn't let me keep the sim card, which contained my phone number that I wanted to keep.  I started a number port to my home phone, so I'm hoping Wal-mart keeps it active long enough for the transfer to go through.  Oh well, this is what I get for going 10 years of not having a Nokia phone (haven't heard about Nokia until the Lumia line-up)

I had previous experience with a windows phone (I own the Windows 7.1 version). When my girlfriends old flip phone finally died, I was able to talk her into a 'smart' phone. I bought this phone for her as a gift. I hear he, almost daily, comment, &#34;I love my phone&#34;.This phone is unlock. When it arrived, she made a trip to the local T-Mobile kiosk at the mall, got her phone activated in no time and begun leaning all this Windows phone can do.Here is a great phone at a good price. If you are looking for a good phone, you need look no further.

Purchased this for my father and so far he is loving it. Makes me want to purchase one for myself.EDIT: 12/17/2013- After seeing my father use it for a while I have to say it is a nice phone for the price still, but compared to an android OS the interface seems a little cluttered and to navigate through the menu settings gets a bit tedious.- Dropped the rating down a star.

Purchased this for my daughter for her birthday. She absolutely loves it, and has been using it nonstop for the last couple of months. It has everything she wanted, which for an 18-year-old is sometimes difficult to find. We have had no problems with it freezing up or having to be reset or anything like that. Very pleased with this purchase.

all the bells and whistles without the high price tag. Good starter phone for teens. works with t-mobile, so saves money there too.

I've had this phone about a month now and there have been zero problems so far. It doesn't have as many apps as IPhone or Android but that's precisely why I chose this phone. Its simple, easy to use, yet with all the modern uses a smart phone should have. Plus its a Nokia, so I expect its gonna last me a while.

This is the 2nd Nokia 521 I have added to our phones in the home. My wife likes this phone even more than I do.

I bought this over amazon and I was told this phone was brand new. The exact words used. The phone was used and opened and broke. It powers down over and over. I can charge it to full it lasts on for about a hour than starts turning on and off over and over. The seller was not honest. but I will say the company took care of me and sent me a new one. And they are billing the sender for it. I love nokia. This is a great phone.

This is a great phone under $100. I can surf the internet and check email. Camera is wonderful. I get all features like $400 smartphone. One thing I don't like is T-mobile.

I bought this phone because I was in need of a major upgrade from a non smart phone. The price is amazing considering there's no contract that comes along with it... However, I've realized that you get what you pay for. The first 2 weeks with this phone were fine, however, soon it started turning off by itself (meaning the power button doesn't do anything.) The screen just goes black and I have to wait for some time for it to react. Very inconvenient during emergencies and just in general. Another problem is that there are multiple thumbnails of picture and photo albums, but just one physical copy of the picture. So when I try to delete the picture, the whole file disappears. Another downside is that the Windows Store for app, games, etc. is SO very limited. That means no Instagram, Vine, Snapchat, etc. (Yes, there are copy cat apps for it, but it just isn't the same.)I will be keeping this phone for some time, at least until I can afford a more high end smartphone. Overall, the phone is easy to maneuver.I would give this phone 2 stars, but the good pricing forces me to give 3.I will update on positive and negative points of this phone after further use. Please feel free to ask any questions!

This phone is pretty good. I am still getting to know all about it. I am not real computer savvy but I really like the phone and the price was really great. I had an LG android before I bought this one. I had that phone for almost a year. I like the ability to surf the web. Also the camera on this phone is very good compared to my android. I bought three phones one for me and each of my two teenagers.  This phone met all of the requirements we were looking for.  We all would recommend this phone to anyone.

I LOVE MY NEW WINDOWS NOKIA PHONE!! I CANT BELIEVE SOME OF THE REVIEWS ON HERE, TALKING BAD ABOUT THE PHONE. I HAVEN'T HAD ONE PROBLEM WITH MY NEW PHONE. PEOPLE ARE TALKING ABOUT, IT DON'T HOLD A CHARGE, OR ABOUT THE WIFI WHEN THEY LEAVE OUT OF RANGE AND THEN COME BACK TO IT YOU HAVE TO RESTART YOUR  WHOLE PHONE. JUST STUFF LIKE THAT ARE RIDICULOUS!! EVERY TIME I LEAVE MY WIFI RANGE AND COME BACK IT AUTOMATICALLY PICKS IT UP AND EVEN KEEPS THE PASSWORD SO I DON'T HAVE TO REENTER THE PASSWORD. AWESOME PHONE!! I WILL ALWAYS STICK WITH A WINDOWS PHONE NO MORE ANDROID PHONES! WINDOWS CUSTOMER FOR LIFE!!

The phone is absolutely amazing no doubts about it, the only problem I have with it is that the charger that came with it was not functional

Phone is nice - did not come with screen protector or car charger as indicated.The images for the phone clearly show a screen protector and car charger. Based on those items I thought the slight increase over T-Mobile price was worth it. The unit is new and is a nice phone, but missing the car charger and protector reduces the value of the purchase.-Light - but not flimsy-Speaker is okay, sounds surprisingly good for a phone-Screen is sharp-Windows 8 is really good (shocking) so far-Camera is okay, but sluggish

Product was very reasonable and for even the most technologically challenged, it can be managed. Great deal for under 100 bucks.

I can't even believe that this is a "budget" phone. Yeah, it's missing flash on the camera, internal storage is low, it's only 5MP camera, but other than that, I can't even believe how amazing this phone is, even if it was not a $150 phone. It's truly perfect. The OS is super smoothe. Live tiles works great. The look and feel of the hardware is top notch. The app store has everything you ever need. It is the best phone I have ever owned. I just can't what you get for such a low price. This is the future!

like the way it looks how it handles it is very light i will recommend this phone to friend and foe

I gave the wrong review on the illumishield plastic covers.  Thought I was reviewing the phone.  But anyway, this phone is cheap.  I got it for my husband because he needed a new phone, and he did not like it.  It requires a micro sim card which it does not state in the description.  Plus it does not let you change the background color.  Only black.  Boring.  You can change the box colors, but my husband wanted wallpapers, which it does not do.  He did not like the setup and we ended up sending it back.

I bought this phone to use it's &#34;wi fi talk&#34; on the T-Mobile network when I am abroad. I have never used a windows phone. It took me about 2 days to learn the &#34;in's and out's&#34; of it, and I found it super easy and nice to use.I regularly use my new Samsung Note 3.0 and I love it, and also use a galaxy S-4, and I have owned all the iPhones before moving on to the Android  system few months back ( and never looked back at the &#34;I&#34; thing....).This phone is not in the same league as my current galaxy S 4 or Note 3.0  but it is so easy to use and has the essential apps you would need. I can't complain at all. I use the monthly unlimited plan from T- mobile , for 50 dollars and it is  really good with 4G also in my area .I don't have regrets about this purchase, in fact I bought a second one for a friend.I am tempted to get the newer and bigger Nokia later,...Yes it is that nice of an O/S to use.I recommend it for casual user, it is fast and responsive, and you can add like me, a 32 Gb micro SD that holds tons of pics and music.Really not bad for the money..it feels Ok in the hand not cheap and easy to operate. the buttons are nicely placed on the side.. I bought a cover from amazon for 5 bucks as the phone tend to be a bit slippery in my hand.It does not have a flash, but it takes decent pics, nothing like the previous mentioned phones of course, but hey for 79 bucks with free shipping how can u complaints.I am so glad I stepped away from Apple products and discovered the android phones and now the windows phone. I feel the iPhone software and phone are so outdated and so ,proprietary,...Just IMHO. The windows software integrates very well with my desktop and it is so easy to update and add files from the desktop,..If you are on the fence about this phone, Go for it, you'll thank yourself later.

love this phone not to big not to small! wish the screen was bigger like the nokia lumia 900 i really like the amoled screen on that phone.

Not what my son expected. It is too slow and the price is too high

Awesome little phone . I share internet to my. iPad past my data sharing .i still used everyday to shared .good buy cox .

no complaints. got it as a backup and to familiarized myself with windows phone.only problems i seem to have are.1. doesnt recognize my bluetooth headhones2. no camera flash

The purpose of this review is note the value added from this phone with respect to Zune HD and X-Box Music. In addition, I wanted to note that as I am using it as my personal media device, I can monitor the T-mobile reception.Currently, I have a ZuneHD 32GB that is attached to my X-box Music subscription which allows me to download my music and listen to them monthly without WiFi, although I never purchased them. I would periodically need to connect to a network to show that I am still a subscriber, but it works great. For those that are trying to do what I am doing, make sure that you download the song to the phone (and do not buy).As you can see, these devices are no longer supported and they have aged. This is where this phone comes into play. This device natively plays my protected music. I expanded the data with a 32GB microSD card. In result, I found a replacement ZuneHD, which is supported (+), with more memory storage (+), a decent camera (+), Microphone for WiFi Calls (check out the apps), and has a speaker. This device is more responsive and is cheaper than when I bought my Zune media player. I can check out YouTube and surf the web better my previous device.Just with the noted features above, I give it a five. So there is also the phone portion of the device.I do not have the service. I did not know if it would work in location that I would need it given the complaints that I have seen on the web. Well, without the service but with the SIM card attached, I can still monitor the signal strength! I have a minimum of 2 bars of 4G on where I need it. I look forward in using it in the future.Finally, for those that have an android phone with all their contacts stored in google, this phone syncs up with it!I have been completely impressed with this phone for the price. It is smooth.In result, the value of this phone is way more than what it is being sold. It is a great Zune/Xbox music player, with the ability to use wifi and surf the web. It is a phone, if I choose to use it that way.*UPDATE 11/6/2013*I am now using it as a phone. I am an android user and I am impressed with Windows Phone 8. It synced up with my Google contacts. Predictive texting is the best that I have seen (with auto-correct). I can now sync my Zune/Xbox Music. I think this would be a GREAT first time Smart Phone user phone. The learning curve is nothing.The drawbacks now that we are using the phone is that:1. MS Xbox Music wants to "sync" online when playing music so you will see a HARD lag with the phone. This makes me want to upgrade to a faster phone with more ram to see if this gets corrected.2. The 8 GB memory gets used up fast even though I requested everything to be placed on my SD card. It appears to be a flaw with windows phones in general.I still think this is an amazing phone for the price.

Love this phone, so much so I bought one for my daughter. For the price you can't go wrong. It has great game play,music,chatting...ect  so easy to use great phone.  Thanks

For fifty bucks, it's worth it. I have t-mobile paygo gold plan which I keep alive annually with a $10 payment. I don't make many cell calls, and this plan doesn't allow data. However the sim card activates the phone and I think Nokia maps (download the entire globe onto an SD card for free) and direction apps like Waze make the purchase worthwhile. I like the interface, but windows OS is more restrictive than android, which in turn limits its flexibility. The music player is worse than itunes. I recommend the moliplayer app.

I bought this about two weeks ago and want to like it...but it is fighting me and I just can't.  I am comfortable with Windows and like that aspect of the phone..I am happy with the TMobile reception I receive, but almost from the start I began having problems sending text and making use of the &#34;People&#34; function.  When I touch the People app, it goes there but when I attempt to send text to anyone on that list, it reverts back to the tile.  When I got to text and type in the name of anyone, it refuses to pull down the info from the People app.  I have been on both Nokia and TMobile forums trying to find an answer.  None so far that work....the one I don't want to do is reset the entire phone..when I do that I lose everything I have done with it and I don't want to go there.  This is not an isolated problem...It almost certainly is a problem with the phone...and the operating system..In all honesty I cannot recommend this phone and soon will just pull the sim out and go with a Moto G which I just bought for two sons as a gift.  No more Windows phones...Android hopefully will be better.

Despite the fact that the box says it's a prepaid phone, a regular T-Mobile sim card works just fine.  Call quality is comparable to the more expensive Android and iOS phones.  Great phone for those who just wants a phone to -- well -- make phone calls.

WORST PHONE EVER! Can't even use it. Total waste of money!

Well I purchased the 521 to use on a Tmobile MVNO prepaid carrier and it works great! It even supports HD Voice calls because my mother is using it and when she calls (I have a Nexus 5) the call has SKYPE quality sound! Don't expect all iPhone or Android apps available but if you need Facebook, Twitter, email, Youtube (metrotube app), tunein radio, etc., those are available. For HD voice both users need to be in a HSPA+ coverage area I believe. I'm very happy with the Lumia 521 smartphone purchase.

The contacts from or to sim card still not present in windows phone.This problem can be solved by using the included software-&#34;transfer my data&#34;.

This was my intro to smartphones and it worked great when I first tried it at home.  It was very easy to use, attractive, and I found some great apps for it.  I especially loved the wi-fi capability - a real minutes-saver with my Pay as You Go plan. So I hoped it was a fluke when I first took it out and found it had shut itself off.  I thought maybe I'd done something wrong at first, but then found it kept shutting itself off every time I took it out, though it continued to work fine at home.  I did a search online and found that many others have the same issue with this particular phone.A commonly mentioned remedy was to jam some paper on the opposite side of the battery.  Seriously?  I need to jury rig a brand new phone to get it to work?  I also noticed the battery wouldn't last more than 2 days even when I didn't use the phone.  Less than a day, when I did.  I ended up returning the phone.  Such a shame.  It seemed like a great phone when it worked.

solid feeling, easy use, response well.  I only use the phone and text message, this is more than enough for my purposes.Good product!

Ok phone for what you pay.  Great for tech impaired. Also good for the features it has preloaded. Check price with you local market

The camera is not that good.  It doesn't have a front facing camera. It has a tendency to change settings inexplicably. My wife can't seem to enter people in her contacts unless they are on her facebook list and has all the facebook people on her phone whether she wants that or not; I think this may be a lack of knowledge of how it works, but she has been frustrated with this and can't figure any way around it.  Phones should not be that hard to master the basics.

Got it for $69.99. This is my first windows phone. My wife has an android and the first thing we did was the compare the features of the operating systems. I can say with pride there were hardly any instances where I felt let down. Ofcourse there are more Apss for Android but the smoothness and fuildity of WP cannot be matched by Android.Love it. !!!

We got this as a pre Christmas deal replacement phone for one of our family members on our T-&#8203;mobile plan (a regular plan, not a prepaid one). All we had to do was pop in the included small (micro) Sim card, and contacted T-mobile to change that person's Sim card to the one included, which took about 3 min. Within an hour it was activated, and ready to go. It has a nice display, is fast, quiet and zips through the web. Excellent deal for what we paid ($50)  It's not top of the line, but it has plenty of bells and whistles, and the person who is using it, loves it. Great deal for a very nice phone.

It is a good phone.  It works well.  I have no general problems with its functionality or operation.  It is reliable.My problem is that I did not read the description thoroughly enough to know that there is only one camera on it.  It is probably one of those cases where the product description does not clearly indicate that this phone only has one camera.if you are used to the Android phone OS, then you will have to adjust to this OS.  It is a good system, in some ways better than Android.  There is just the learning curve.  I could go either way with the OS, but what pushes the Windows OS over the edge is its seamless function with my desktop and laptop PCs.  I may next get a Windows based tablet.  I like linear operation.If you want a phone that works well, is durable, affordable and is on the Windows Phone OS, then this is the phone.  It really is worth more.  I just did not read the directions clearly.

I'm new to smartphones this is my second  my first was a prism,this one is so far better . this phone is awesome.it does everything .the windows face is great. I would buy this phone again.

I had this unit for about two months when it quit working.  I tried to return it to Amazon but they said I had missed the return date and would not take it back, so much for Amazon's return policy.  Other then that I called the service provider and was told that there were a lot of complaints about this phone and that they would not recommend it.

I went from the Windows Nokia Lumia 821 to this piece of crap!  Takes forever for the calls to go through......that's IF they go through.  Always getting cut off....dropping calls.  When on speaker it's not clear at all.  I had one week left before having to renew and it said I can only make emergency calls.  I wasted $50 for a month and hardly got to use it.  I'm going back with my VERIZON Nokia Lumia 821.  I'll be giving this phone away to someone who has a lot of patience!

Great window phone. Love it so far.  I think windows phone is a better phone  than android phone. I am liking it more and more every day.

Very nice phone!! Im impressed &#128522;

Lovely phone, arrived on time and works like a charm.

I'm not big on fancy or high-end electronics so I just wanted a decent phone at a decent price. Considering the ridiculous amount of the standard smart phone these days this seemed like a reasonable price and the average review of the phone was inspiring. I've had the phone a little over four months and I am beyond happy with it. It is more sophisticated than I expected and has a few extra features I really did not expect. Apparently it has capability to write a word document and draft an excel sheet. It also has a cool camera alternative to the standard where it takes a few shots one right after the other and shows you the best picture taken. Over all I am a happy camper. The phone I bought before this one was a little more expensive and did not compare.

I recently ordered this prepaid phone due to me dropping my last phone and cracking the screen. This was a &#34;cheap&#34; backup in my mind, for I did not want to spend a lot of money on a phone for I am no high tech phone gal! (I still had a QWERTY). The phone came and I converted my SIM card and it has been great ever since. This is my first all touch screen phone, so navigation to me wasn't rocket science, but this phone makes it easy to adjust. I recommend this phone as more than just a &#34;cheap&#34; backup, it's actually a great phone period for anyone looking for a bang for their buck and a new aged smartphone if they aren't a fan of the IPhone.

It is plenty of smart phone for me and it was affordable. I am finding the camera a bit slow but I am not very patient with learning.I would recommend it to my friends.I am sure I have only begun to learn the many things I can do with my new phone.

The setup was harder then expected but other then that it is awesome. If has lots of good apps to use

In $74 I got everything.exactly good phone.it's working good.Thanks Nokia..First time I'm using windows phone.I'm happy with this phone.Thanks again Nokia

I bought this phone for my husband for his birthday. The phone was nice for a little while and even the case I bought with it was nice but less than the month the phone stop turning on. My husband and I were so excited about the phone but our excitement went away when it just all of a sudden stopped functioning. We thought Nokia was suppose to be good. Well, now I'm force to request a return.

I have had this phone for almost a month now and I really like it; however, sometime it freezes and when you try to click on any of the apps , it does not open which causes me to turn it off and on again so....

Bought this phone for my wife for a Christmas present, overall easy to use and has some good functionality.  Data is a bit slow and after talking for ten minutes or so, the reception drops out on this phone consistently at my house.  I travel to NJ and work there most of the time and call my wife and kids on a regular basis.  We get talking and then consistently after about ten minutes, the service/reception cuts out.My wife went back to using her Galaxy S phone (3 years old) as the reception is much better at our house.  Too bad, now I have no use for this phone....!

Good phone for the money. Touchscreen is good. Graphics aren't that good. the apps are ok but most are pretty expensive. this is no ios app store. better apps than a lot of other phones though. You need a Microsoft live account to acess many features. great games. keyboard works great. buttons on bottom real nice to use. slow rebooting however. you can put a micro-SD in which comes in handy as its only 8gb. that 8gb goes very fast. one huge problem: super hard to find accessories. i had to go to the t-mobile store for a case. even at the actual t-mobile store i only got three options. but you can get around that when oyu think about how its a $150 smartphone, and sure-an iPhone has lots of cases in practically every store you can imagine-even the CVS, but that's a $750 phone-not to mention the plans for it! this phone is awesome for the price and i would recommend.

This is a great phone,price was great, it functions great, and no problems yet. Was already a T- Mobile customer, and switching to new phone was easy as a phone call to support. They did a great job with  the switch. Windows 8 is a change from Android to say the least, but so far a pleasant expierience.. Once again Amazon made my shopping task for new phone painless, thank's.

Simple yet sleek, light yet powerful. Best purchase for a smartphone with so many functions. This is the best windows phone on the market right now!!

Great phone for this price with lot of fitures to use and  save big money compared with T-Mobile store. I love this phone so far no problems at all.

I love love love this phone!!!! It exceeded my expectations of it and I would definitely purchase it again! I'm addicted to playing with it!

for the price..its awesome! the camera can be a bit better but its still not that bad. gets my thumbs up!!

my HTC one m7 broke so i needed a cheap phone, i heard great things about this phone and for 90 bucks, it really didnt hurt to try. I am extremely impressed with this phone and windows 8 is probably now one of my favorite operating systems, ive has a galaxy s3, ive has an iphone, but windows 8 for me takes the cake. ill use this phone until i decide to get one of the top notch nokias. this phone definitely is a short term phone, i would not be able to use it for more than maybe 4 months because it would eventually get slow, but for the price, you get alot for the buck. so overall im pretty impressed with the phone.

The phone works really good. For the price, the phone is perfect. I have no complains. I went through 4 androids before buying this phone, and none compare to what this phone can do. Good reception. Yes no flash or front camera, but again your only paying $70 for a phone. To be honest I was more surprised by the performance than worried about that. Good phone for affordable price.

Little light weight, not a solid built but functioning is very good, anything you wanted is there, good wi-fi, speakers...

I love the phone! After 6 years, I get to finally changed my old one. The first one was only given and this is the first time that I bought one for myself. I have been eyeing on this one from Wal-Mart since summer of last year and waited till it goes on sale. However, the MS store had it on sale first so I bought it there. I returned it though after not being able to figure out how to insert the sim card properly (silly me).  Then I saw in Amazon that this phone was on sale at a much cheaper price than MS Store so I bought it right away. My only issue about the phone is the battery. It doesn't last long. After 2 days I had to charge it again even though I had the battery saver on and I always turn it off during night time and I hardly use it for calling or texting. That is the only bummer about this phone.

Pros1.  Outstanding hardware for the price.2.  Phone is surprisingly quick for only having 512MB3.  Camera is pretty good4.  I like the battery saving feature that kicks in when battery drops below 25%.  Nothing worse then not being able to make a call.5.  WiFi calling very handy feature when you have weak signal.6.  The windows tile system has grown on me actually pretty nice although not many apps really make use of it.7.  Nokia maps/GPS great feature to save wasting data.8.  Has an MicroSD card slot.9.  Phone feels sturdy in your hand.10.  Home,back, and search button not in screen area.  A lot of android phones do this and waste precious screen space.11.  Touch screen sensitivity adjustable.12.  Has a pretty good facebook app.13.  Battery life is impressive when compared to low end phones.  I get about 1 1/2 days per charge.14.  Phone has an orientation sensor but is smarter about not constantly flipping between landscape and portrait view.15.  Removable back cover.  Makes it easy to repair and replace the battery.16.  8 GB of flash storage is quite a bit for a phone in this price range.Cons1.  Lacks apps - some of popular apps missing that are found on iPhone and Android such as flipboard.  Many social media apps are made by 3rd party companies that puts banner ads in the app or you force you to pay for them.  These apps are free on iPhone or Android.2.  Some social media sites only accessible through web browser which is a poor experience in small screen such as Google Maps.  Some things don't even work through web browser such Amazon music.3.  Needs many more customization options in the settings.  Battery strength, WiFi signal, and strength auto-hide in less then a minute. Screen should be brighter and screen should not shut-off as quickly when plugged in.4.  Do not like music services available on Windows OS tries to force a Microsoft eco system on you, and selection is not as good.5.  Headphone jack is strange size so far unable to find head phones that fit it.6.  Bluetooth is very buggy.  After about 1 hour of listening to music phone will stutter and needs reboot.  Happens on both phones so highly likely is a software bug.7.  Would be nice to be able to install apps on SD card.8.  Unable to text photos.  This could be T-Mobiles fault.9.  I miss Google Now.  Google Now is a killer app that I wish was on this phone.ConclusionI consider myself an Android phone fan, but make no mistake until you get up to about $200 phones such as the Nexus 4.  You will not find a better phone.  Most phones anywhere near this price have issues with just doing basic things smart phones should do.  This phone just works.  If you are on a somewhat tight budget this is the phone to get.  Most of the problems I have listed could be fixed through software updates by Microsoft.Update 4/14/2014Windows Phone 8.0 update 3 fixes bluetooth bugs.  Still unable to text photos from what I have read this is Nokia's fault not T-Mobiles.Installed Windows Phone 8.1 Beta works great with this phone.  The update allows you to install apps on the SD card very big deal because this phone has only 8 GB.  Best cheap phone for T-Mobile until you get up to the Samsung Galaxy Light in price.  Build quality is outstanding still works as good as the day I bought it.

Let me say first, that I got this phone on sale for $69.99. That is an insane deal for a phone with a dual core processor, 4G connectivity and a micro SD slot. After my wife dropped her 8x and broke the screen I got her this one as a replacement because it was cheaper than any phone I could find, including used ones. It has exceeded my expectations in pretty much every way.Pros:- It has great hardware for the price, a dual core snapdragon processor and 512 mb of ram is nothing to scoff at in this price range.-Windows 8 is very fluid and snappy, masking the fact that this is a budget phone.-The case is stylish and looks flush to the screen while still being easy to remove-Has a micro SD slot, unlike most windows phones no matter the price range- No features commonly locked by carriers like WiFi calling and tetheringCons:- The screen could be sharper, but what do you expect?- The face gets smudged pretty easily.- it's pretty thick and the case selection is badWindows phones have a distinct advantage in the cheap phone arena because Windows 8 is so light and snappy even low end phones are fast and responsive when running it. Even though this is a budget phone there really isn't any noticeable performance woes. In fact, comparing it to my S3, it's usually keeping up or faster in every day tasks. Obviously the low end specs catch up to it in apps with a high demand such as 3D games, but for day to day internet browsing, streaming, calling and texting it's plenty fast.If you are someone who is looking for a budget phone that can still keep up with the other smart phones, you've found it. The fact that the phone is so cheap OFF CONTRACT is nuts considering even the junkiest of phones are at least $200 off contract at Verizon or Sprint.TIP: Pair this phone with the either of the cheap T mobile prepaid plans for $30 or $50 and you have quite the deal. For me and my wife we pay $60 a month for our service. Compare this to our Verizon contract we ended that cost us $150 with only 2gb of data and phones that would cost $400+ to replace if they broke.

Never thought I'd buy a Windows product, but I must admit, for the money this is a really good phone!  So easy to use for the novice smart phone user.  I wish it worked with my Lexus's USB port, but it doesn't.  That's the only drawback and the reason I gave it four stars instead of five.

My family loves this phone!  Our sons are hard on their cell phones. We have two Nokia 521's for our teenagers who are always online using you tube etc... We have had them since December and they work great! The phone processes data fast and they never have had a single problem with it. Our teenagers are boys who are always dropping their phones (not recommended..lol) but so far they are working fantastic.  They have games and music downloaded on them and have replaced using their ipods with it just so they can only carry one item.  If you are looking for a phone for yourself or a teenager this one is great!

THE WORST phone I have ever used

It's a great device.. Have an awesome features.. Makes me feel I am using a computer.. Love it and highly recommended for other buyers.

Great price, got it as a gift for someone. Got it just in time for Valentines day &#128522; it was also brand new in the box

Very nice phone.  Missing a few features like flash for the camera and message reminder, but it is the low end model.  Love the Windows Op system.  Very simple and very fast.  I can sync my Outlook calendar and contacts and mail with my PC.

Amazing phone battery good screen perfect size not too big so far so good we got it 2 month ago and it dosent show any proplem just insert the sim card and you could transfare your number as soo as you have a microsoft account its free .

So I'm a T-Mobile convert and wanted to test the waters of the network without a large capital commitment and let me tell you this little phone is surprising.Only downside is the Windows App store limitations, which is nothing against the actual functionality of this phone. Turn off background apps and this thing runs a while!The phone is little (the 4 inches of screen is very narrow) but the touch sensitivity is great.Also, I had never used Windows Phone OS before and it is zippy. You look at the specs of this phone and think it's going to be sluggish, but the interface and launching apps is very fast. *** That being said, if you are used to Android or iOS then you will be disappointed. There are a lot of apps that I truly love on those (Plume, Flipboard, Cartwheel, Dunkin Donuts Pay, Starbucks Pay, Snip Snap) that are not available on Windows. That might not be a big deal for people newly getting into smartphones, but now that I know what's out there, it is hard to be satisfied with less.The screen resolution is poor compared to high end phones, but due to the smaller screen size it is not unbearable to look at by any means.I love how all of the battery saving options are made very clear and background apps are identified so you don't overdrain your battery. That said, if you use your phone heavily, the battery can drain aggressively when doing various functions, but it also warns you when the battery drops significantly in a short period, so if you know you won't be near an outlet soon, you can change your usage habits.Also, the Nokia Offline Music and Here Maps are crazy! Download some stuff while you're online then you can have access to GPS Maps and music offline for FREE!?!?!I honestly bought it because I knew at the very least I get a $70 GPS/MP3 player that has Wifi capability and can be a back up phone if I need.Shocked, surprised, impressive, all for the price point.You have to know what you're getting into and I'm a pretty big tech nerd (I used to have a Google Samsung Galaxy Nexus) and right now this thing performs faster and is less glitchy.Battery life is also acceptable. Read the Microsoft tips page on the website for battery saving and don't use it 24/7 and you can get most likely get a full day out of it, provided you aren't constantly downloading/watching stuff.Anyone who is hesitant about Windows phones or T-Mobiles network this is THE start phone to get.Let me know if you have questions, but considering I was running a high end phone before and still like this little guy (a lot) it's hard to go wrong at the price with T-Mobiles $30 unlimited data and text plan, it makes it a smartphone you can actually use all the time as a smartphone.

We need a good phone to contact our relatives on various planets. I think this one will do us just fine. Nice to be able to get a few apps, too.  Great price, although I see the price keeps going up and down.

yea youll miss some apps the i phone has but not many. this is a great phone and work great. i did have to return the first phone because the data wasnt working. but i went to tmoble and got the same phone and its awesome. if you do the prepaid it only$50 per month if you do the same plan on there contract its $60 with taxes ect. just remember over the course of the year it all adds up.great for email apps ect. and the phone works well... imagine that. buy it you wont regret. if your a heavy iphone user and cant see your self not using the exact same app as apple has then maybe the phone is not for you.

This is a solid phone, but I would not recommend it to someone who is constantly on their phone because it can die in a matter of hours. I liked that it appeared to be heavy but it turns out it is a light phone. The touch screen is pretty sensitive. I believe it needs to be unlocked for use overseas.

I am coming from a samsung exhibit II, and basically I should have stayed with the samsung.Pros of the Nokia:- Nice screen, clear sharp images- snappy responsive UI- The windows interface is a nice change from the android one, it feels more exciting. Live tiles is a nice concept.- Camera takes good pictures as long as there is light.-There are some good decent apps.-texting is nice. I thought I would miss android swype, but I don't.-Web browser works better on the sites that it does work on.Cons:-No flash on rear camera.-No front camera (i.e no face time/skype type video chat)-Browser not compatible with some sites that my android was.(overall the browser is better though on the windows phone, see edit)-Many apps that i use (i.e chase mobile banking) do not work or are bugged. You can tell that developers still don't give windows phone the same amount of care that android or apple get. Not nokia's or windows fault, but still a con for the consumer.EDIT: So, I was comparing this to the exhibit II, and it is better than the exhibit II, IF you don't really care about a no front facing camera.The reason I have given this phone 4 stars from an original 3 is because after some use, this phone is much better at web browsing. This is important for me. The datasense server from Microsoft preloads webpages then delivers to your phone. This is huge. With my exhibit II, I would have to download videos and they would take forever. now, with this phone, the same videos are instant (almost). This added one star to the my original rating.And, after messing with the settings, I got the battery life to match my exhibit two..

I purchased this phone for my niece.  She seems to like it all except it does not have a front face camera.

I have have used many difference type of devices. Iphones, Ipads, Ipods, Kindle Fires, etc.. For the money, the Nokia Lumia is fantastic. I mean it compares or is even better to me than the Iphone or Samsung devices. The great things that I like.1) I never thought I say this but Windows 8 is better and easier to use than any Apple product I have used. 521 is very easy to get up and running and it seems like they setup the phone with what I would say 95% of the time most people want out of a phone. Window 8 is smooth and easy to find your way around.2) Has all the apps that I want. I am not a big gammer so if you are, Apple or Samsung products do have more. I guess since so new the programmers need to catch up for Windows 8. Still, tons of apps to use.3) I like the size of the 521 and case. To me, I do not even need a case.4) Price, for all that is has. Cannot beat the price.Things I would not mind being different on it.1) Game apps. really only thing that it needs to catch up on compared to Apple.2) Camera flash, most of the time you do not need a flash. I am sure when Nokia was deciding on the price point flash was taken out since 90 plus % of the time you do not use it. A flash would come in handy however.All in all. I am going to keep buying Nokia Windows 8 phones.

This is the best t-mobile smartphone for the price! We wanted to try out t-mobile since my wife is a flight attendant. She can use her phone while on her trips to Hong Kong. Seemed to work okay as long as you have added extra money to the account for the 10 cent calls and 20 cent texts.

My husband is using this phone, it is a great phone but takes time to get used to.

I bought this for my girlfriend. She is not tech savvy, her last phone was a blackberry.  Aside from no front camera this is not a bad device. The cameras on these Nokia phones are nice, and despite the lack of applications for the platform Microsoft has made their ui very friendly. I personally own the surface 1 and beside being slow (compared to my nexus 5) it is pretty nice. I'm giving it to my mom for Christmas, haven't decided what tablet I will buy next.

I bought this phone for my wife to use with our Family Mobile service. I was hoping to unlock the phone without having to activate it through T-Mobile. I paid several online companies to unlock it but the phone is too new and because of new government regulations, as of January 2013, the phone was not un-lockable. I was ready to return it and decided to throw caution to the wind and stick my wife's micro sim card in it. IT WORKED! No need to unlock it. I have an HTC 8X and my daughter has a Nokia 920 and I have to say, the Nokia 521 is very close to the quality. I would say there is a slight difference in the screen sharpness compared to the Nokia 920 or the HTC 8X, but that's not a huge deal for most. The process response seems to be good, little to no lag.

I was in need of a new phone but didn't want to spend an arm and leg. I went on amazon and all my needs were met. I was able to get a new phone, case, and screen cover all in a couple minutes. The next week I was receiving everything.

For a little over $100, this is really a full featured smart phone. Windows Phone OS is really innovative and fun if you are tired of Android and Apple iOS. Overall, I concur with other reviewers that this is an amazing value proposition that leaves only a little to be desired.  The only thing I really wish is for a front facing camera and brighter/bolder screen.  Here's some things you may not know.1) The Nokia Here Drive/Map apps give you free download of maps so you can do GPS turn by turn directions without using a data plan.  These apps are very good and will get you from point A to point B accurately. The GPS on this phone also locks onto satellites very quickly.2) This comes with WIFI calling app that you can setup to use with your wifi connection. If you have bad reception in your home or office, activating wifi calling will give you perfect reception to get/make calls (assuming your wifi/internet connection is good). Setting up WIFI calling though is rather a chore in patience. Note that your minutes used with WIFI are counted against your plan.3) Downloading skydrive app will allow you to sync your photos/docs/videos for free on your Microsoft SkyDrive account automatically. Up to 7GB free storage when you sign up. Skydrive is good for sharing photos with friends or between phones.4) The phone can play mp4 and avi videos but is finicky. Some videos will not play due to encoding variations. However, you can download the free Windows/Mac Desktop HandBrake application to re-encode your videos that will play very smoothly on your phone.5) You can hold down the "back" button and see all the apps running in the background. Hold down the "windows" button and make a voice command.6) You can pin a lot of items as a main screen tile. Items like contacts and single website pages can be pinned.7) You plug the phone into your PC using the usb cable and it will show up as a drive in your computer (with subfolders) where you can copy your media. You can also download the official Windows Phone application from Microsoft to sync your photos, music, and videos.After a few weeks of using this--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Still really like the phone. I had to drop it down from 4 stars to 3. HOWEVER, uploading music after installing SD card is MADNESS! I have a lot of music, so I installed a 32gb San Disk. I used the Window Phone software to sync my music and every song has a double entry. If you try to resync again, you will get quadruple entries. THere's no solution for this. I tried everything I can think of!  You can read the Microsoft support forums and nobody know show to fix this problem and Microsoft just ignores it. And reading the card is PAINFULLY SLOW. I used the same 32GB Sandisk car in WIndows phone 7.5 and it ran beautifully, never having any problems. If you have music to upload using an SD card, I suggest you skip Windows Phone. The fact that they haven't fixed this for so long boggles my mind. It's a huge complaint when using SD cards in Windows Phone.

Excellent

I really love this device but my only concern is you cannot check your call log time. but its a good device

If you are looking for a good smart phone and not wanting to spend 600 dollars then this is the perfect phone.

If you're price conscious and need a smart phone this is a good buy. There is a learning curve for the windows phone but it's not steep and the features that come for this price are unparalleled.

I bought this phone and finally cut my land line for good. It's ONE great phone. The sound is clear and I love being able to change all the settings to my own personal needs, wants and desires..... so many apps to choose from and such a good price. I don't need a phone to do anything more than bring me incoming calls and allow me to call out, but if I want to check email and Facebook, I can.Although this is being called a *BASIC* phone it does WAY more than I need it to do and it's been a blast trying to figure it all out. Since this is my first SMARTPHONE, I've been taking my time learning all the varied attributes, most of them I'll never use but it's nice to have them available. The most important feature for me is that I can hear people clearly without static or disturbance through the connection. The second is that I can BLOCK all those telemarketing calls which drive me nuts, my land line wouldn't allow me to do this unless I paid for that service. The third is that I love the NOSTALGIA ring tone as it sounds like a phone from days gone by. My dogs seem to enjoy this ring tone the best too.....Don't hesitate to buy this phone....it's really such a good bargain and it's worth it weight in gold. I LOVE IT !

I bought 2 for my kids and they love them. They are able to do all the things the expensive phones do at a fraction of the price. Plus I won't cry if the break or lose them.

This phone is straight up amazing! Fast, very little loading time, and affordable. I love mine and probably won't replace it for a VERY long time!

This is a really good device, well made, has a lot of nice feature especially at this price point. Windows Phone OS is slick IMO much better than iOS, but there is without question a lack of apps. If you can live with the apps available this phone is an incredible deal.Then there is the other option... not using it as a phone at all but a stand alone media device. Buy this phone and a $50 64gb microSD card and you have a full function 64gb media player for $50 less than a 32GB iPod, half the price of a 64gb iPod. Yes the phone works as a media device, GPS navigation works, wifi internet and streaming (Netflix), all without phone activation.Either way this is a bargain.For those not familiar with Windows Phone here is a real good very complete free user guidePaul Thurrott's Windows Phone 8...[...]

Even though its smart phone its not at all complicated....Nokia has made a point by keeping service item description simple and easy to understand. User can easily navigate as it talks only about what you want as a user and don't end up in jungle of apps..or Newly formed Jargons...Very nice phone for calling and text (basics of phone are too good), good battery time, excellent GPS, easy to handle, nice camera, Great Processing speed....takes on heavy data load easily...

First thing you have to do is that you have to avoid comparing this smartphone with higher end devices such as the Galaxy S4, HTC One, Iphone, or other Nokia Lumia devices. If you are considering this phone is likely you are trying to purchase a budget smartphone for you or someone else. I can honestly say this device looks and feels better than its price (expect to pay around $100 or less at Amazon).The screen looks nice, it is responsive and fast for a budget device, and it's easy to use. I bought this as a gift and it is the first time I use a Windows device since my experience has been with Android and Apple iOS (iPhone), and i love to learn and experience with gadgets and especially smartphones, and I can truly say the experience with Windows in this device has been positive so far, so if you are planning on getting this for people not used to handling smartphones I think it would be easy for them to learn the basics (making calls, checking voicemail, reading and writing emails and SMS, browsing the internet, etc). The only drawback so far has been the battery which is not awful, but could be better as it is the case with many smartphones out there, even high end devices.Once again, understand this is a budget phone so do not expect the best pictures, the fastest phone, largest memory or hard drive, or LTE connectivity. If you need any of this, look somewhere else and expect to pay a higher price for these features, but if they are not a deal breaker then consider this device.I will provide an update later if necessary, and also recommend checking the Moto G which in my opinion is the best budget device but it costs more at $179 (8GB) or $199 (16GB) depending on the model. Both are available at Amazon, and can be customized with back covers at an additional cost. So, if you are looking for the best $100 or less smartphone, get the Nokia Lumia 521, but if you are looking for the best device under $200 I strongly recommend the Moto G.

Great phone. Best value for money.

I've been using smart phones for a while,have used HTC 4g (android), Motorola & othersthis is my first Windows phoneEXCELLENTexcept for front camera, this phone has everything most smart phones offerin the price here?? MOST DEFINITELY GREAT VALUEHighly Recommend

love the phone! It is my first smart phone, great photo's and all the little perks. Just have a hard time typing. But other wise GREAT!

Hey whoever have plans to buy a phone I'd say go for this !! da best among peers.....simply the best...

Had problems straight out of box....had to end up paying $20 tot mobile to replace the phone. Not sure if i was mailed a bad phone or if it's the phone...but the one new one front tmobile works fab...thank god for my insurance plan.

Great mid level smartphone. There are enough apps for commonly used features. Build quality, battery performance and screen are as per expectation.Note that the camera does not have a built in flash. So indoor photos are average quality.

This is a decent phone for the money. Do not buy a non US version of this phone, you will not be a happy camper it you reside here. The only real thing this phone is lacking is a flash for the camera, other than that it has all the rest of the normal smartphone functions. Really nothing else compares to a Windows Phone. You can have your Apple's and Android's, I will never go back. You want a Windows Phone, especially if you use your phone for any business activities. Simply the best, Office already there, Skydrive auto upload feature of all your pictures so they are immediately backed up. Manages multiple email accounts with ease. All your contacts and everything linked to your Microsoft account so if you loose or break your phone, they are still their. Simple, easy to use, never continual updates like with iPhones that seem to take hours. Longest update will be the first time you plug it in and get the software current. After that, maybe a five minute update once a year. I highly recommend any Windows Phone made by Nokia or Samsung. I am still using a 3 year old Focus Flash that has hit the ground so many times I can't even count anymore. Swimming in mud holes, dropped from two stories up onto concrete, flies into pieces. Pick up the pieces and put it back together again just like Humpty Dumpty. I will say the one thing I look for is a metal case like my Focus Flash has, they last longer. This one cannot handle falls like that one can but it is a whole lot cheaper and wont break the bank if you break it.

There's a reason why this phone is so cheap. I guess it gets the job done but there are so many things that can be fixed.

It's a good phone hope they have more later I buy them for gifts and my friends love when they get one

I purchased this phone from a T-Mobile retail store for $150. You also have another option to pay $29.99+tax upfront, with the remaining $120 spread-out in $5/month installments for 24 months.  No need to pay $190+ for this phone from Amazon.I've been a Samsung/Android user for the past several years with various iterations of the Galaxy S phones.  I'm not a power user by any means, I use my smartphones for calls, texts, email, maps/navigation, light usage of games and light surfing of the web.  This phone is all I need to fit my needs.  The call quality is great, and the speaker sound is surprisingly sharp.I really enjoy Windows 8. The OS is very responsive, no 'Force Close' you get with the Android system. You can really customize the phone to your liking (from the size of the tiles, the arrangement, the color, etc.) I can pin specific people to the start screen for quick access to call or text.  Setting up email (both personal and work) was a breeze.  So much simpler than Android.If your looking for a basic smartphone, you cannot beat this value.

I went from the &#34;higher grade&#34; Lumia 710 to this phone.  If you have a Windows Phone running Windows 7.5 this is a great upgrade.  It uses Windows 8 and the best part is you can use Pandora Internet Radio with it.  That app was lacking on the 710.  You'll get the most bang for buck with this phone.

i like mine got one for my daughter  she likes her to took alittle bit for me to figure it out. does have very good battery life

The Lumia 520/521 is by far the best value in a smartphone.  The build quality, features and design of this phone is really hard to beat, and at this price point maybe impossible to beat.I have owned high-end Lumia 920 and 820 devices, and while they have better glass, higher resolution screens and more storage, this 521 provides 90% of the Windows Phone experience at 20% of the price.  It runs virtually all Winows Phone apps, and unlike the higher end devices has a user-accessible battery and Micro SD card slot.If money is not an issue, the higher-end Lumia phones are technically superior, but I would recommend this to anyone looking for a smartphone who cares about value for dollar spent--this is the leader in that area by a mile.

This is a great phone for the price. It's smooth and easy to use, wont give you much problems; recommended.

Does about everything I need it to do, Only has a few glitches but for 80$ im not complaining about it.

I love this phone so far. It is way better software-wise than the Androids I have owned, and so much cheaper. The Windows live tile home screen is convenient. I like how easy it is to uninstall unneeded software. The app store seemed to have all the apps I need - I do not miss the Android market, that is for sure! I love the convenience of the camera button. The screen is crisp and clear. The volume is loud and clear as well. It has a nice array of ringtones and wallpapers already on the phone. The Wi-Fi is very sensitive and picks up signals my old phones didn't. The only thing I miss about my old HTC One and my Galaxy is the front-facing camera and the flash, but I can live without these features, especially since I don't really Skype much anymore. For the price, this is an amazing phone, and seems like it should be much expensive. I recommend it for sure!

I bought this phone couple of days back, Now the phone speaker not working properly and getting &#34;kirch kreech&#34; sound  while playing any audio/video.I would like to return this product now :(.

If you need a phone just for texting, make phone calls, and the internet browsing, this will be a good inexpensive phone. Battery lasts for couple days with the wifi on.

I'm astonished because of the kind of phone that I got for my ca$h!This might be the best phone I've  ever owned and it was less thanA hundred... of course its a windows phone which makes it moreAppealing but nokia is the mobile phone brand I've trusted theMost over the years. They're sturdy, strong, they never brake andWill resist the strongest fall. This nokia is fancier though so needlessTo say I'm not planing on putting it to the test but for extra precautionOr should I say protection I got the eagle shell for less than $7 here!I would recommend this phone to every iphone owner because withA fourth or a fifth of the price of one of those u get pretty much theSame but the flash...

The phone is excellent. Windows 8 is a great OS.Excellent value for money. I would recommend this phone to everyone.

My primary problem is that i seem to have one of the bad ones that reboots. As near as i can tell, its because the battery is losing contact upon shock, or even a gentle squeeze in your hand. I have other issues, too, which I'll list, but this first one is the deal breaker, everything else is just for information purposes for others.CONS.The capacitance of the screen is too high for me. I have been using the touch features, but the sensitivity is so great, i've 'floated' my finger near the screen without touching, and the phone counted it as a touch.The camera's LUX/low light sensitivity is TERRIBLE. Pictures indoors after dusk will be all but useless without major ambient light.It also has no notification LED to let you know if a txt is waiting, and the Windows buttons are not back-lit and impossible to see in the dark.Apparently, the hardware for the sound in this phone is a budget chip that has no hardware supported features like DSP and EQ. No app exists for EQ of sound either. Thats really sad considering even cheap Symbian phones from Nokia of before could do that. This phone even uses the same battery as the Nokia Nuron.I didn't realise how much i miss a 'click' vibrate when typing a touch keyboard. this phone does not have such a thing.At least half of the phones STOCK functions do not tilt into horizontal mode, including the navigation map, this is highly annoying. Also, generally speaking, the phone's UI is a bit difficult to navigate without looking directly at it. I noticed this while driving that i could operate my previous phone without looking at it and not have to look away from the road.There is also a general design paradigm problem I have with Windows Phone as a platform.This phone's UI flys in the face of 30 years of cellphone design. when the phone rings, most phones offer a green answer button, and a red hangup/goto VM button. not Windows phone. the answer button takes on the colour of whatever 'theme' colour you've set.The Modus operandii as I have come to find in using WP is that Microsoft wants you to replace/overwrite existing programs, accounts, and apps that you use in an effort to unify your experience in WP.  This is so that Microsoft can link all of your activities together in order to track your usage habits more accurately. This is basically the same as Google forcing people to create a Google+ account in order to be allowed to use Youtube features.The goal of both companies is the same, to track your habits and use the data for marketing. No matter how anonymous Microsoft and Google assure me such info gathering is, and that it is forced compliance to use their technology, doesn't mean I like it.example: the Skype app for WP rejects any existing accounts you have and wants you to create a new account with Microsoft. only then are you permitted to 'link' your existing account to the newly forced Microsoft account.this process serves Microsoft far more than it serves you as a user, because Microsoft now ties all your usage of Skype to all your other activities online to build more usable profile about your habits.If you install an SD card, WP wants to 'sync' your data with a backup cloud and refuses to simply browse the contents of the card. There is no 'file manager' to browse the contents of an SD card.  The WP system is setup so that all apps can only access their own storage thats set aside. While this has the potential to greatly increase security, the way its implemented completely hamstrings what most think to be a very common phone feature. Even 3rd party file managers that you may download are restricted by WP to not allow access to a 'music' or 'document' folder on your SD card.Many applications that came with the phone demand location services that have no business needed to know where you're at.  Calender, games, help & tips, and others.that being said, the system isn't bad, but it isn't for everyone. if you've already given in to super integration and forced compliance with tracking, you won't care even a little bit about what I've pointed out.EDIT:Additional problems have appeared. For one, even when it has full connectivity with 4g coverage, it REFUSES to connect to service until I disable the connection (airplane mode or reboot) and reconnect it. This only affects voice service, data still functions perfectly, leaving me to think its not a service issue.also, the voice to text feature requires network access to work. That means they are downloading every voice to text message you make, analysing it remotely and sending you back what they think you said.  That means they're keeping every recording you make...

In terms of price/performance this one is off the charts.  It completes nicely with phones costing 3x as much.  If you are looking for a high quality low price phone this is it. If this phone has weaknesses, I had to search hard to find them.  I will get to the cons in a minute but this is a well thought out well constructed phone.First off, I will say that I use an iPhone 4S as a business phone.  I am an IT professional and have used blackberry and droid phones and have touched many different devices so I have quite a bit of experience with what is out there.  While I like the iPhone ok, I wanted something different then everyone else and heard great things about the new Windows 8 phones and decided to give them a try.  I don't want to spend a bunch on a phone because I swap my phone out every year and have T-mobile's no contract family plan.  My old phone gets passed down to my kids.  My personal phone was a Sammy.  I like the flexibility of the Android phones vs the iPhone but I don't like the Android apps that much.  I used the Mango platform WP 7.5 and decided to try WP 8 and see if the hype is warranted.  Ok on to the pros and cons.Pros: 1) The Windows tiles look great compared to the very plain looking iPhone square icons. 2)The installed phone apps are much more useful to me then the pre-installed iPhone apps. 2)  The offline feature of the Nokia maps are very cool. 3) Most of the time I am near a WiFi connection so the Nokia phone makes it very easy to connect to WiFi and use only Wifi unless that is unavailable.  You can also use WiFi calling on the phone.  This can really help on keeping your bill down. 3)The device is small and easy to hold yet large enough to be useful.  I love the size of it.  The iPhone is a bit too wide for my taste. 4) Navigation on the phone is super easy. WP8 is far superior to IOS here.  It is a very easy phone to pick up and use out of the box. 5) When I connected the device to my Windows 7 computer, it recognized it right away and suggested the phone app to download and Windows got my phone hooked up to my computer very painlessly.  Going with all Windows certainly has an advantage here. 6) Price.  This is simply the best value out there.  There is no way you can get something even close to this capable phone for even twice the price. 7) easily connected to my Blue Tooth headset something my iPhone refused to do.  It easily connected to Wifi. It is just very simple to set up. 8) hooks up easily to the cloud to store files and backup your phone.  Skydrive is a big plus.  There phone backup utility is fantastic. 8) I like the music app much better than the one on the iPhone. 7) very snappy performanceCons: 1) Screen resolution isn't bad but could be better. 2) Speaker sound is better on the iPhone but again not bad. 3) Phone case is a bit plasticy. 4) Camera has no flash but not a big deal for me.Looks like Nokia and Microsoft have knocked it out of the park with this phone.  Sure there are better phones out there but at this price there is nothing.  It is hard to believe that Apple charges $600 for a phone that just isn't significantly better then this one.  No doubt to me that the hardware on the iPhone is superior but I can buy 4 of these of that same cost.  In terms of ease of use the iPhone has nothing over this one.  The iPhone has the best app collection out there but it has been around awhile.  I like being different in a world crowded with Sammy and Apple phones.  I would have given it a 5 star except that you can see how Nokia tried to shave costs to get the price down but in terms of value I would give this 6 stars.

its a good phone when it comes to being a phone. its surprising how difficult it is for most smartphones to make and receive calls. this phone executes that really well. it doesn't have a front camera. it only connects to my wifi when it wants to even when all of my other devices are connected to it and working perfectly well. it only sends and receives pictures when it wants to even if my 4g is on and working with my other apps. picture quality is okay. and sometimes it freezes on me. but ay it was so cheap what did i expect.

We are very happy with these phones.  Their small size makes them so nice to be able to just slip them in a front pocket instead of needing a case to protect them.Windows Phone OS was the first smart phone OS we have used and we really like it. I have been following the progress of Microsoft and Windows Phone and it looks like it will continue to be a good fit for us.Even though Windows Phone has fewer apps available, it has the ones I need and there is something to be said for not having to try out 10 apps to find one you like.

Item like The picture, fast deliver 3 days well packed, good Quality for the price .  phone is really lightweight and looks decent. Though I am not too happy about the white backside.The screen is sharp, bright, and colorful. This Nokia runs Windows that is really intuitive and easy to use even for a person (like me) who never had a smartphone before. The phone feels very fast and responsive. The menus look pretty. You can choose color and content of your home screen as well as size, color, and location of the icons. Also, I chosen Bing background (beautiful landscapes that update every day or two) for the lock-screen and like it a lot. WiFi works great. It connects to my home or work network instantaneously. So, the only time I use my cellular data is when I travel to/from work. The camera is decent (as phone cameras go), There is no flash though.

Nokia Lumia 521 is a nice smart phone. For the price, it is loaded with great features. To start with, I had problems with the phone as it would come-up with T-mobile and then no service. I went to T-mobile and they tried 2/3 sim cards, and none of them would solve the problem. T-mobile stores said it is the problem with the phone. I returned the phone to Amazon and got a replacement. I got the same problem in the replacement and T-mobile stores could not fix the problem. I researched the net and nobody had similar problem. Then I called T-mobile customer support and they found that the settings was the problem. I had set wi-fi calling as wi-fi only. It should be wi-fi preferred.Now I have been using the phone for about two weeks, I am extremely happy so far.The phone does not have a flash for camera and you cannot use it as a torch light.For the price, it is a great entry level smafrt phone.I have already ordered another phone for my wife.

I bought this phone for my daughter she had one of the older galaxy phones and loves her new Nokia Lumia 521 some much better!

I had to exchange 2-3 phone from amazon for this phone, could not accept SIM card, I went to tmobile they tried all they could not get it working, amazon replaced it wit new same problem. So it's better to just go to tmobile and get it from them. U might pay little more but u get insurance. So never buying phone this one or other from amazon. But they were nice enough to return money fast. So don't get it

Great smart phone for the money.  Can't wait for T-Mobile to update windows phone to 8.1.  I had a windows smart phone before and thought I'd give this one a try.  I was impressed with windows phone 8 and glad that Microsoft decided to keep up support for their inexpensive phones, unlike android.

I gave this phone to my mom and she had lots of problems with her cheek pushing the hold/mute buttons during a call. Made for a very annoying user experience. Ended up returning the phone because of this.

We now own three of these Windows phones.  They have worked well so far and the cost is much less than an Apple phone and provides excellent service.  Pretty easy to operate.If you are looking for low cost operation rather than the next greatest phone, this could be the answer.

Battery died within a month. I was so disappointed with Nokia. I have been a royal customer to Nokia, all my life I have owned a Nokia but this made me switch to Samsung. In the last one year I have bought four Nokia phones and they all seem to be having battery problems. I have given up on Nokia.

Love this phone, especially first time users of smart phones. Quick and snappy and has all the features ever needed on a device like this. Get a case on top of it then your good to go! I have a lot of fun wit it and the price is something you cannot beat especially if your on a budget. Sexy phone to boot :)

Does everything well, call quality is amazingly clear, camera okay . The navigation is absolutely excellent. And if I wreck it, a new one is $89. Can't beat it!

I waited a week to write this review, so my opinion would be more informed.  I use it with the T-mobile pay as go plan, with no data plan (so I just use wifi). My first smartphone was Windows 6.5, then I went to Android, so moving to Windows 8 was completely new.  After a week, I can say that I love it.  Yes, there are a few apps (Instagram, Charles Schwab, Safeway) that aren't available on this platform, but the ones that are offered all work with no problem. Unlike Android, where it was "the good, the bad, and the ugly."Physically, it feels fantastic in your hand.  What I like best, though, are the camera features.  The shutter button is on the right lower side, perfectly placed to click if you are holding the camera in your right hand.  Regarding the "lenses," I didn't understand that at first, but what it means is that there are several picture editing apps available, and they are grouped together when you open the camera, so that you can select them whenever you are taking pictures.All in all, I think it is a great phone, and the ridiculously low price makes it a no-brainer.

Cons:*Confusing. For instance you have to pay for apps different than the Nokia music that's different than Xbox music. With iPhones the same payment method is captured between the iPhone app store and iTunes. I like that they both syncs up that way. Everything is interrelated with the iPhone.*Whether I'm using the Tmo network or wifi, pages load more slowly than with iPhone.*Also, there are not as many apps or podcasts for Windows, but there are enough to keep me occupied and who needs all those games? This is great for helping me be productive. I must say, however, because there are less podcasts, I was able to find Joan Sotkin, which I never would have found or be introduced through iTuns on iPhone. (I love her. She approaches prosperity from a holistic viewpoint.)Pros*I love the customizable live tiles. You can see what the weather is like without opening up the app. I've made direct links to Coast to Coast Am, Contacttalkradio.com, and my favorite music, all without having to open the app to play them. (I miss Hay House Radio though, but I can listen to that on my computer.)*You can try out apps for developers who let you, so you don't invest/commit money and then not be happy with your purchase.*Phone quality seems nicer. I'm not saying &#34;huh&#34; every other sentence on some calls.*UPGRADABLE memory. For around less than $50 I am at 64gigs plus the original 8 that came with the phone. Should I upgrade my phone, I can just bring the card with me. SCORE!Hopefully I can get over the little bit slower lag time it takes for the screens to load on the Internet. Otherwise, I am happy with my purchase. You can find this phone from $20-120. Shop around. Last time I saw, Frys Electronics was offering a $20 phone with Metro service through some kind of rebate. No bad. The vendor through Amazon changes prices regularly charging from $75 to $99. Again, shop around. HSN had this phone for $75, plus you get a phone cover and other extras.I would prefer the iPhone 5s, but for reasons I won't get into here, I am beholdin to the Windows phone.Also, I found out that Nokia is offering an instant $20 app card with the purchase of this phone. It works; I received $20 with the verification of activation. Hopefully you can too.Merry Christmas!!

I have had this phone for several months and am very pleased with it. It is my first windows phone. The major complaint about it is that it does not have a front camera, but if you do not plan to skype through your phone a lot it is not a problem. Without the battery safer mode turned on this phone dies very quickly. I simply leave it in battery saver mode and charge it every night and have never had it die on me. In fact it will last a couple days without charge if the battery saver mode is on. Overall I would say this is a great phone especially for someone getting a windows phone for the first time.

I love this phone it is everything I wanted and more.I haven't had it long but I'm very pleased with the product. I only wish I could download music for free but there is the Nokia radio and that's pretty cool.

Got the phone in about 3 days and it looks like it has never been touched. graphics is pretty well done for the phone and it flows pretty well with the windows system. Battery life isn't long if you plan to game and such but overall pretty well done

This phone is great!  So easy to learn and use and it's got all the &#34;bells and whistles&#34; as more expensive smartphones!  I gave one to my teenager and he LOVES it!!!

I was curious about this type of phone after seeing a pamphlet about it so I tried it. My findings led me to conclude that this is one awesome phone. It takes some getting used to, but if you&#8217;ve used smartphones before, the learning curve is not likely to be that bad.

The phone stopped working less than 2 weeks after I received it. Initially it started freezing.  Now it will not even charge.  How do i return it?

I so wanted to love Windows Phone. I have always rooted for the underdog. I loved my Mac back in the 90's when nobody loved Mac. I even used WebOS long after Palm/HP had given it up. But my God! Seriously, Microsoft? You have years to try out the iPhone and the Android iterations and THIS is the best replica you can come up with???In summary, Windows Phone remains the phone OS of those with @aol.com email addresses, the elderly, and those who miss Snake Game on their Nokia 3310.Okay, let's get to the pros and cons...PROS* It can both make and receive phone calls -  Yup, it works as a phone. Once you get to the phone section. Oh, and don't forget to turn off the wifi calling, since that makes you sound like you are talking on a 1999 Motorola MicroTAC. Submerged. Roaming.* Battery life is good for two solid days -  Though this may be because I stopped using my phone when it stopped informing me of... anything.* It looks just like a bar of soap -  Made me feel cleaner.CONS* No option for a background picture &#8211; I know it's stupid, but I like seeing my family.* Giant, space-hogging tiles that don't do anything &#8211; The email tile shows ONE unread email. No matter how big or small you make it. The weather tile uses its space to let me know it's getting info from the Weather Channel. The CALENDAR tile only shows one appointment too!* Voice recognition recognizes whatever you say &#8211; after it beeps at you, even in silent mode. And if you tell it to punctuate, it writes that. Where Android or iPhone would write I am going to the store, then home. Do you want to meet me there? Windows Phone writes I am going to the store comma then home period do you want to meet me there question mark. Yes. Windows phone puts a period at the end of everything. Whether it needs it, or some other form of punctuation, or none at all.* Voice recognition is a prude &#8211; want to swear? Too bad. Want to talk about (for example), my customer Mr. Aswalla? Nope &#8211; He's Mr. **#*$*# Walter now. That's exact, by the way... I'm not censoring. Windows is.* Apps? Nope &#8211; Yah, you can Yelp (if you can get to it). But you sure can't do much of anything else. Oh, and most mobile webpages don't show well.* Vibration sucks &#8211; in an Android phone, you know by the pattern of the vibe exactly what just happened. On the Lumia, it's more of an awkward death rattle for everything.And my absolute favorite? Ready for this?* NO STATUS LED! - That's right... If you miss the vibration or ring, then you don't know you got a text/call until the next time you turn the phone on.Sigh. I keep clicking refresh on the tracking info, waiting for my Moto G to arrive.

Going from an android to a windows phone is like going from today back into caveman times. Literally returned it the same day I got it.

Just got the new T-mobile Lumia 521 for $95 from Amazon. Set up was easy. The hardest part was having to cut my existing full size sim card down to the new micro sim size ( but I found very useful videos on YouTube uses at your own risk) after that I inserted the card FIRST then let it boot up and do the first time set up and I was good to go!!!!! I can make calls get texts and pictures text.  So happy with this phone!! got Twitter, 6tag (instagram) and facebook and kik messenger working great never going back to Android!!

This phone takes a little getting used to because it is a windows 8 phone.  But I like it so far.

The Windows 8 operating system is leaps and bounds better than the iPhone ios or Android Google based system. This phone is fast and efficient. Highly recommend.

When it comes to phones, I've had flip phones to slider phones, from the G1 to the Double play, and have owned nearly every brand and generic brand phones, so when i speak YOU should listen. With that being said, my husband and I were looking for budget phones till we get a GS4 at the end of the year, and stumbled on the Lumia 521. Our preference is to Android phones, as the majority of the phones we've had were android, so we instantly bypassed this phone because it was a Windows powered phone. After much painstaking searching, we were bummed. No budget 4g phones to buy and all arrows were pointing to this one. So began countless hours of research, reviews, and more reviews. We finally just said screw it and purchased two 4g Lumia 521's. Unpacking the phone was a joy and as we soon discovered, Windows 8 was the undiscovered jewel. First of, this phones dual-core processor and 512mb of RAM wouldn't make it very far in the Android world, but here it's snappy and responsive, no lag experienced and apps run smoothly. Secondly, this phone is the first phone we've ever had that allowed us to delete the slew of bloatware with a simple click. No more worries of rooting a phone just to be able to uninstall unwanted apps. Thirdly, while the main screen doesn't allow for much customization, you can change the apps on the live tile and change the color of the tiles as well. Fourthly, the phone has an amazing battery compared to other phones. Putting the battery saver on the setting &#34;always on (not recommended)&#34; preserves the battery. I'm not sure why it states it's not recommended to not have the battery saver on this setting, but we experienced two days on a single charge of light use! To maximize battery, set brightness to low, put automatic brightness on, and download a battery saver off of the Windows Store. Speaking of the store, we had heard that the Windows app store was incredibly small. Now know this, Android has over 895,000 apps, while Windows 8 has around 170,000 apps. But think about all the useless apps that people have polluted Google play with, the apps that aren't really apps, and the apps that aren't  free. With that being said, we found the W8 store to be plentiful with USEFUL apps, full of graphically cool games, and several jaw-dropping downloads that would cost money in the Android world. We rate this phone 10 out of 10 and would recommend it to all. On a side note, there is indeed hotspot/tethering on here, even though it's stated there is none. The on-screen keyboard works extremely well and the letters are nicely spaced out making two-hand typing more friendly.Pros:Awesome batteryGreat keyboardSnappy processorWindows Live TileTetheringGreat AppsLightweightResponsive ScreenAwesome Nokia Music AppCons:No LTE, which may be deal breaker for some, we really didn't careApp store may not have same apps as android, again no one has room for every single android app, let alone uses more than 20 apps IMHOLimited Main menu customization (tile color can be changed)

this smartphone doesn't work great has many glitches like freezes keyboards starts typing randomly letters have  to constantly reset the phone wouldn't recommend this phone to my family i really disappointed with this phone but okay for making  calls

I am v happy with this phone. My pc is Windows 8 so I knew what I was getting into with this phone. I am so glad I could pay under $200 for a smartphone.

Brought the Nokia Lumia 521, It arrived within 3 days. It was sealed in the box, brand new. This is only forT-Mobile. THIS PHONE IS LOCKED TO T-MOBILE AND WILL ONLY FUNCTION ON T-MOBILE'S NETWORK. When T-mobile first turned it on, I couldn't get on the Wi-Fi. After 45 min. they decided to wipe the phone off, and then it worked. This is the second day and so far it's still online. I will have to wait and see if there are any other issues. It comes with angry birds already uploaded. It comes with the charger for the wall and a usb cord for your computer along with a card so you won't have to pay for one for your phone. T-mobile offers this phone for 125.00. This was a good deal.

Inexpensive smart phone and works great! This is an introductory phone for my 12 years son. This is his first smart phone. It was a great buy for a young teenager.

Went way beyond my expectations. Easy to work and takes really great pics. I am going to buy two more for Christmas presents.

I just chose this phone over an iPhone 5s and let me just say I am not disappointed. This phone is great and it is also $600 less than the iPhone 5s. After trying both phones out and comparing both of them I knew that going with the Nokia Lumia 521 was the right decision. For the price of this phone you can't go wrong.

UPDATE - 7/17/14 - Microsoft today announced the layoff of 12,500 jobs which are in the Nokia's devices and services division.  So even though they say they are still working on Windows phones, I do not know how much support will be available in the future.  The phone is good, current s/w is okay with a couple items lacking (see review), so not sure if these will be resolved or not.Original:Got this for my wife.  It is nice and thin and the battery life is really good.  It support wi-fi calling which is very important for us as we get no cell signal in our house (live in country).  It also support sending text messages as well over wi-fi.  However, Microsoft does not support multimedia attachments to the text messages in wi-fi mode - either sending or receiving.  My other t-mobile android phones do support this.  This is an issue with Microsoft, and it does not appear they really care to address.  So if this is important to you, which it is for my wife, then this isn't the phone for you.  If you have windows 8, then you will recognize the look and feel of this phone.  If you are like my wife with no win8 experience and coming from android, it can take a little time to get used to this.Pros - light, very good battery life, some nice built in apps, wi-fi calling/textCons - no wi-fi multimedia attachment support, do not expect much in term of support from ms, no flash for camera

love the hole bundle

Phone works well especially for the price.  Biggest problem is the music player will just stop playing and you need to do a hard restart to fix.  Seems to be caused by other programs processing data, even in the background.  I've tried to find alternative music players that will work better but they all seem to have the same issue.  No flash means no flashlight function which is unfortunate.  No silence button so you have to go through the settings function to silence and unsilence the ringer.  For now, quite a few of the iphone apps I used do not have a windows version yet.  However, no other smartphone on the market for anywhere near this price so still the best option if you just cannot bring yourself to spend hundreds of dollars on a cell phone.

For anyone who is thinking of buying this phone do your homework! I originally bought this phone on the T-Mobile network, I was able to get the phone unlocked and am now using it on the AT&T network. This phone beats android phones hands down in performance. No lagging, freezing or any of the other crap you get from android. I love the look and feel of this phone. I love how if you have windows 8 on your computer the photos sync, no using a usb cable. This phone has the best camera, and the sound is clear and crisp. I love listing to music on the phone speaker quality is great. Great phone! Nokia has done a great job once again with this phone

im having such a great time with my new nokia fone ...  alot of great features and apps  , great camera captures  real  live pics amazing........

I bought this phone because my note wasn't working , it does works fine, but sometimes it hangs up, sometimes it goes out of network, sometimes the wifi goes crazy, well i do not expect much out of this tiny phone, it does works fine as far as its battery is concerned because its NOKIA.well buy it, if you really need a phone(to call or text someone), not recommended for DATA users.

It was a good buy price wise and features that the phone offer. It is a good phone for an average user.

Pros: Cheap and fast. You will not find an Android phone in this price range that has such a smooth and lag-free experience. The maps are OK, and the store isn't bad at all either.Cons: Battery critically low will constantly alert you even if there is ten hours left. No way to disable it. The maps do not let you see the directions ahead of time, and it has limited customization options. Camera is terrible.The Bottom line: I can take the cons because the phone is quick and responsive when I need it to be.

I like it. It is fast, responsive.What I like the most is:- 4 inch screen (not 3.5)- simple menu: Tiles in front, all other apps sorted and aligned once you click the (-&#62; button).- where I live (big city metro area) I get 10.79 download and 2.47 upload (4G, not WiFi)- camera movies are recorded as mp4- my favorite apps present in the store, including to track workouts- it has Office installed.- camera button (hardware button on the side) has this half-way-press focus step and then all-the-way-down click.- very light (I mean not heavy given the size, etc)What I don't like is:- no front camera- takes microSIMS (not regular size sim)

The reviews for this phone (and the great Amazon price of seventy nine!) convinced me to purchase it in order to test drive pre-paid service. This phone is super easy to use out of the box. I've had several devices (old winmo, several iterations of android devices, apple devices) and I was surprised at how much I like this interface. I especially like the kid mode. You can set up the kid mode so they have their own little log in swipe screen and their own color palate. You decide which apps and games and whatnot is displayed in their area. I had a little trouble getting the service connected, but I think that's because we played with the phone for a while before we put in the sim card. One quick call to T-mobile support and I was up and running. We chose the prepaid 100 minute plan with unlimited text and data which is a steal at thirty a month. I really am pleased with this zippy windows phone.

I was skeptical about getting a windows phone. I've grown to love android and so I wasn't sure if I should try anything else. I can't stand iPhones as I feel android is better but coming from android I really do like this phone. Granted it doesn't have all the things that android does BUT nevertheless it is a very good phone. A lot of people complain about the apps but I didn't find them to be a problem. The store does have good apps and some that are very similar to those on the android market. Some people don't like it just because the name is different but if it does the same thing who cares?? Anyway, its a good phone and I love it!!

Nice phone. Battery life got better as it was used. Smooth slide and touch screen. I made a good choice here.

very ugly and hard to navigate. would buy android anytime over this. the only pro is the price. also make sure you don't get used!

Didnt think i was going to fall in love with a low smartphone but given the cheap price, it was too easy to give up!I upgraded from the 710 on t-mobile and this is a great replacement. Windows phone 8 has all the major apps you would want and the list of apps keeps growing day by day. (PS. we do have instagram, vine and snapchat app in the store)

Moved to this from an 8X when I jumped from AT&T to T-Mobile. Aside from the lack of flash, this phone does everything as good as or better than my 8X.

I am new to the whole smartphone market, but I must say that I love this phone. It has a large screen, the phone is constructed durably, and the whole Windows 8 system looks sleek in addition to being easy to use. You can reorganize the "live tiles" however you want. Regarding sound, the speaker is excellent when placed on a hardtop surface; I often listen to music on this device. Typing text messages is a breeze. Calling someone, real easy.Not a bad deal at all. Make sure to get a transparent protector for the screen (Illumishield is awesome) and get a hard protector case. Enjoy!

I bought this to upgrade from my Lumia 710 on T-Mo since all the newer apps are only coming to WP8. The phone itself is a nice size, a little bigger than what I had before, but not overly big like the more popular phones - it also has a solid build to it but still feels nice and light in your hands. It comes preloaded with many NOKIA exclusive apps, which help make the WP OS pretty awesome in my opinion - I'm much more likely to buy a NOKIA WP than a HTC now because of the exclusive apps. The 5MP Camera is good, supposedly it will be getting NOKIA's PUREVIEW technology to make the camera better via a software update, but it's more than enough for what I use it for. Speakerphone is good, works well for when I use it. Screen is responsive as are the side buttons which feel solid. I was lucky enough to nab one of these from big W for $130, which makes it even more of a great deal. $130 for a quality smartphone OFF-CONTRACT is awesome, which is why I almost saw no reason not to upgrade from my 710.Just a few little CONS:I'm not wild about the white backing, I would really like the ability to buy a cyan or yellow back plate, but the Lumia 520 shells apparently don't fit the Lumia 521. Hopefully Nokia will eventually start selling them.While the screen is larger (4") than what I had before on my Lumia 710 (3.7"), it isn't very sharp, almost the same if not worse quality than what I previously had. It's not terrible, just not nearly as nice as the newer phones.Even though it's more of a budget phone, I still wish it had Corning's Gorilla Glass - otherwise it feels really strong.No front camera - this isn't a huge issue for me, but I'll probably be using skype a lot more now and it would be nice. Not a deal breaker, but it would be nice.Overall the phone is great, my cons are just little nit-picky things that obviously didn't deter me away from buying it and I'm still very satisfied with my purchase. I would definitely recommend this to a friend.UPDATE 6/29/13Still enjoying the phone, however it is randomly resetting itself, which can be a little frustrating at times. It's not that often, but most phones don't have this problem.

I bought this windows phone because it was so easy before to locate my Windows HTC phone whenever I forget where it is (which is often). However, Nokia 521 is useless for that purpose. It cannot find the phone when i leave it in my office building which my HTC did so effortlessly. It updates the location like 24 hours after, after my phone has already been found. I used to have only Nokia phones in the early 2000's but now, this will be the last Nokia I'll ever purchase.All other Windows feature are the same, no problem, but the Find My Phone feature is the main sell for me, and the phone did not deliver.

SCREW SPRINT I was a sprint customer for 13yrs and we parted on bad terms so i see this phone for less than $100 dollars. so i bought it and added TMOBILE  to it,  prepaid service. I'm done with contracts and being robbed monthly. Man i should have done this years ago. great phone great service. happy happy!

Great value for the money.If you just want a simple very affordable cell phone that works really well,look no further,I'm certain you wont find a better deal.

The product is tiled like new windows- app selection is terrible!!!! Difficult to navigate, bulky- all around disappointing. Hey Bill Gates- I want my money back.....

I got this for my dad. He's not technical and he doesn't care about installing more apps.[Good]Easy to Use: Just as intuitive as iPhone. In some ways it's even easier to use.Original and innovative UI: Unlike other mobile operating systems, it doesn't feel like a cheap copy of iOS. The Windows 8 tile UI is innovative and just plain nice. Of course like everything else not everyone will like it but it's original.The Best for the Vision Impaired: All text can be made bigger. Also, unlike iOS you can even resize buttons on the Home Screen. It even has a high contrast option. In my opinion this is the best for people who can't see very well.Cheap: You can't beat the value. It's stylish, functional, fast, and it's at a low price point.Pay as You Go: It's compatible with pay as you go plans. I'd say the Lumia's are the best phones for those plans if the iPhones aren't available.(T-Mobile only I think) Wi-fi Enabled Calling: On T-Mobile, if you have access to wireless internet; calls won't count against your minutes.It has all the core apps that you need: Email, Facebook, Skype, Twitter, a Web Browser, and more.Decent Camera: It's 5 MP. For the price, it's not bad.Expandable to 64 GB: You can add extra SD storage up to 64 GB.Good Performance: Pretty fast and I rarely noticed any lag. Then again I didn't even try playing games on it, even though Angry Birds is included on the phone.Good Facebook Integration: The phone seamlessly merges everything on your Facebook into all parts of the phone. i.e. All of your phone contacts will have extra data like pictures and email pulled from Facebook, making it one of the nicest phone contact UIs found on a smartphone.Good MS Services Integration: The phone seamlessly works with everything Microsoft like Skydrive and Skype.[Bad]There are very few apps compared to either Android or iPhone. Thankfully the main ones like Facebook, Skype, Google Maps, Viber, and What's App are available. If you like apps, this isn't the phone to get.Build Quality: While the front of the phone is nice, the back of it is all cheap plastic. I don't mind since it's a cheap phone.No Camera Flash: Pictures with poor lighting will not turn out well. It's an understandable sacrifice for the price.No Front Camera: You're not going to be able to use this for video chatting with Skype. It's understandable for the price.Extra SD storage can only be used by pictures, videos, and music: Apps are only limited to the 4 GB of storage that the phone comes with (yes it's really 8GB but the Windows 8 OS itself uses up 4 GB of it so you only have 4GB left to use). Only the videos and pictures that you take, and the music that you add can use the extra storage. This would be really bad if Windows 8 had a lot of apps. Fortunately (and unfortunately) there aren't very many apps on Windows 8 Mobile.Call Quality: It's horrible isn't great when it's not on speaker phone. Even when the volumed is maxed, I can barely hear anything.[Verdict]Personally I'm sticking to an iPhone for myself. If you're younger AND open to new tech then iOS or Android is for you. If you don't care about the latest apps and games or are firmly into Windows, this is a really great starter smartphone at a low price.This phone is just really awesome for the elderly.

I purchased this phone here a couple weeks ago, and I am using it on the T-Mobile network.UPDATE 1/1/14: I am a couple weeks into using a replacement. Many of my previous comments still hold. A few updates below.On the bright side:- The price is low for all the features of this phone. If it works as advertised, this is a great bargain as an entry level smartphone.- I had not used Windows 8 before, but I found the tiled interface easy to navigate. Tiles for all of the basic functions I want the phone to perform are right there, and I can reorganize them.- The touchscreen is normally very responsive.- Overall, the small size and weight are comfortable for me to hold (although I do use a case for better grip).- Pictures are okay, but I did not have high expectations based on other reviews.UPDATE 1/1/14: Pictures taken outdoors in good light are actually pretty good. Crisp with accurate color.There are a few things that keep it from being a perfect phone (for me).- I am not a fan of the back cover, that is having to press in on it and pry it off with my nails to access the battery, SIM and memory card. I have imagined breaking the phone in half, however unlikely, or losing grip and flipping this thing across the room which is very, very likely to happen one day. But maybe that's just me.- Signal strength is fine outdoors, but very poor indoors. One or two bars poor. No dropped calls yet, but a lot of breaking up and having to repeat myself. I briefly started looking into signal boosters, but it seems the more effective ones can be up to $300. I was not expecting this additional expense to use a $100 phone. I will check with Nokia and T-Mobile to see if they have other solutions, but poor signal strength is a big deal for me because I want a phone primarily to speak to people and not as much for other tasks and entertainment. I use other devices for that.- But on the other hand...the app store for Windows Phone seems limiting. The selection isn't that large and a lot of it looks like third-party apps I've never heard of and I'm not sure I want to deal with.- For some reason, it keeps losing the WiFi connection even when I've been near the router.UPDATE 1/1/14: Maintaining the WiFi connection hasn't been a problem with the replacement phone.I may have received a defective one. The touchscreen on my phone became nonresponsive for a while today. I had placed a call that went to the recipient's voicemail, but when I tried to hang up, tapping 'end call,' or the home and back buttons didn't do anything. I hit the power button on the side, and I got the screen that said slide down to power off - hurray for physical buttons - but touching the screen still produced no results. I had to take the battery out. A few reviewers advised not to download too many apps at once. I only downloaded two apps to the phone from sources I thought I could trust.UPDATE 1/1/14: It has only been a couple weeks, but the replacement phone has not frozen up like the first one. I have also downloaded several apps (including the two I downloaded to the first phone) without noticing a change in the overall performance of the phone. The first phone might have had a defect.I'm willing to give it another chance and boost the rating if I don't have another problem like that again.UPDATE 1/1/14: The 3-star rating will stay where it is for now because of different issues. I intended to use this for voice and text, but I tried to use the music + videos app. Unless you are a diehard Windows fan, my advice is to leave that alone. Basic music management tasks are tedious. Navigating the Windows site for help is (still) a chore and revealed a slew of issues users are having with basic functionality of some of the apps. For a tutorial in counterintuitive design, just go to windowsphone.com and search for instructions on "creating a playlist." Read it and weep, people. Download music files from SkyDrive to your Windows Phone? No. If you're not concerned about some apps having a bewildering complexity or limitations, or getting fast help with them, then this phone may be fine for you. I think the Lumia 521 is fine as a basic phone, so that's how I'll have to use it.At least I bought it here and I may still have a chance to exchange it.UPDATE 1/1/14: The replacement process, initiated online, with Amazon was easy and fast. Just returned the first one at UPS and the new one came shortly after. Simple as that. Thanks, Amazon!

This is SUCH a good phone!!! I love it so much and the price was awesome, especially for how good a phone it is! The ONLY reason I took off a star is bc there is no front camera. And that really isn't even that big of a deal, it just makes it a little harder to take selfies, but it's ok. Get this phone NOW!!:):):):)

This phone is absolutely amazing. I wasiffy about purchasing cuz its such a cheap deal. But once it arrived at my door, my jaw dropped at the quality! The phone I recently had was a piece of junk, the Kyocera rise by virgin mobile. The keyboard fell apart and I caught viruses from downloading music from a bad app. So my phone was all together slow and worthless. Once I got my new windows 8 in my hands I broke the Kyocera. I plan to never go back to that piece of junk. Basically, this phone is just like the new windows 1020. Any windows phone has great quality and high definition! Pictures are great, even without a flash! Its easy to take pics in a dim lighted room. The music sounds great! Mega bass with my headphones. And guess what? You ca watch tv and on demand !! Movies are great and Microsoft store has apps just for movies! Definitely recommend this to anyone. I'm completely satisfied. I'm done jabbering now, gonna watch some tv on my awesome new phone!

It works. For the money it works.

I just needed a phone for calls and texts.  I have had the phone for over a month now and have no complaints.

Easy to use.  Great phone.  Does all of the functions to keep life organized and tidy.  Great price as well.

She likes it, enough features for her, and no complaints so far.  Good value for the price, thank you very much

Perfect! Came early, and phone (which is awesome came new with all the accessories just as promised for a great price...

I love love love this phone, first off I use the phone with my Family Mobile account with WalMart and this phone is still super fast! I really only use my phones for pictures, texting and some apps and this phone makes it so easy for all of the above the camera lenses that u can choose from are ridiculous! :) amd Texting is a breeze

I have a 2 year contract with Tmobile and my phone broke, but i dont have an upgrade, so I bought this, and my sim card from the old phone didnt fit, so i put the new one that came with the Nokia in and it didnt have any of my contract info, so if you have a contract, just call your provider, tell them you bought this phone and need to register it under your number, you just tell them your number then the number of the new sim card (its on the bottom of the box and its on the card the sim card comes with) you just tell them the number and then wait 10-15 minutes reset the phone and you should start recieving texts, calls, and have internet access

i like it it is very good  thanks.i am thinking to get more for my family and friends.my be i will order 3 more

So far so great. I love this phone.  It syncs perfectly with my windows computer and does everything I need it to.  The phone feels solid, the screen is vivid, and it has all the apps I need.  It's not an iPhone but for the price, it's definitely wonderful.  I also love that since it isn't an iPhone I don't have to worry about dropping it, losing it, scratching the screen...  It's easily replaceable for the price. I used the camera a few times and am excited about the panorama feature.  There is a circle that comes up to help you line up the sequence of images perfectly.

It's not what I expected. I guess that's what I get for being cheep. It is what it is. this phone don't do as much as the Samsung Google phones.

I like this Nokia phone and so far I enjoy it! I use it for T-mobile service. I like the wi-fi calling.

Cant beat the quality,for the price, is as described, a perfect fit my daughter is thrilled thank you, for being honest.

it is very fluid and it has a great screen! the touchcreen is super sensitive and very responsive another great thing it windows phone 8 and a 100$ phone! nokia has outdone itself again the phone also feels great in the hand

What a bargain... can't believe it does all it can!  It is my first smart phone ... and yes it isn't gifted like the other phones, but it is plenty smart!

Great phone for the money. I bought for my son for 80 bucks he loves it.you cant wrong with this inexpensive cell. Best deal on amazon. Stay up player

If you're looking for a basic smartphone, then look no further. The Nokia Lumia 521 provides basic functionality and is definitely a good buy for the money. If you want something that has a lot of bells and whistles, this is probably not the phone for you, unless you'd rather save a hundred bucks than get something fancy. The limited amount of apps available for windows phone is a little frustrating (I had assumed the offering would be similar to what is available for Android, but it's not), and the games that I have installed seem to be just a little overwhelming for the processing power of this phone. However, the internet is excellent, and the texting autocomplete is among the best I've encountered. Overall, worth the price.

Because the case didn't fit my phone. I'm not sure why because I have a nokia lumia 521 and that what kind of case it was but didn't fit.

This is my second smartphone- I previously owned a Samsung Galaxy Exhibit II which was an Android device.  After having so many issues with my Exhibit, I didn't want to purchase another Samsung which left me with few options that were far more expensive.  By chance, I saw the announcement for the release of the Nokia 521 and decided to give it a try.  The price tag of $150 was the main reason I chose the phone.I'm a basic phone user.  Not really into all the tech specs, games or social media.  But I'll mention that later.  Overall, the phone was very easy to set up.  Installed my Outlook, Gmail and Yahoo email accounts without an issue.  Wi-Fi setup was a breeze.  The touchscreen is fast and very responsive.  Phone calls are clear and the phone also comes with Wi-Fi calling.  No problems with the screen brightness as it is adjustable.  The buttons are strangely placed- the power button is directly below the volume controls and can be a little tricky to press depending on the case.  That's another thing- the cases for this phone are few and not all work with the model.Windows Phones are a bit different since the Live Tiles is a feature not included with my Android.  It's basically geared toward an active social lifestyle.  Tiles are customizable and it works with Facebook to constantly update your notifications, photos and status updates.  You can easily set up shared groups and a family room to communicate with family members (sharing notes, photos, calenders, etc).Apps: This is my biggest issue. Windows apps are different from those the Android market.  I expected there to be less to choose from (which is fine, I don't need thousands of gadgets) but I didn't quite expect all the apps to work so differently. I have the normal applications installed- Facebook, Pinterest,Tumblr, Amazon, Evernote, etc. Certain things are  difficult, for example, the Pinterest app is a major headache since the interface is laid out nothing like Android.  Facebook doesn't let you unlike pages or delete friends easily.Comes loaded with Nokia apps.  You can use the Maps offline, listen to music for free, etc.The camera is basic.Overall, it's a great phone.  I recommend it for anyone who wants a basic smartphone for a great price.  Feel free to ask any questions.  :)

THE 521 IS A GOOD IDEA NOT REALIZED. THE MAJOR DRAWBACK. THE PHONE FREEZES.(SPINNING GEARS) WHEN THIS HAPPENS AND IT WILL HAPPEN THE PHONE IS RENDERED USLESS. YOU CAN'T MAKE A CALL YOU CAN'T EVEN CHARGE IT. I SPOKE WITH NOKIA AND tMOBILE TECHS. FOR HOURS, WE DID EVERY REMEDY POSSIBLE. NO LUCK THEY SAID SEND IT BACK. WINDOWS UPDATES SEEM TO BE ONE OF THE MAJOR CULPRITS IN FREEZING THE PHONE. IF YOU HAVE A 521 I SUGGEST YOU NEVER UPDATE THE PHONE AGAIN. TRY TO USE IT AS A PHONE ONLY AND SEE IF YOU CAN GET BY. I AM SORRY TO HAVE TO BE SO DOWN ON THIS PHONE BECAUSE IT HAS SOME NICE FEATURES YOU CAN ONLY GET ON PHONES COSTING THREE TIMES AS MUCH. BUT NONE OF THAT MATTERS IN AN EMERGENCY WHEN YOUR PHONE WON'T WORK. IF THAT ISN'T ENOUGH, THE PHONE GETS HOT FOR NO REASON AND A LITTLE LATER YOUR BATTERY IS DEAD. NO CHARGE LEFT. THIS HAPPENS INTERMITTENTLY.I MUST SAY AMAZON IS A STAND UP COMPANY. THE REP. A VERY NICE LADY HAD MY BROKEN PHONE PICKED UP AND OVERNIGHTED A NEW ONE TO ME.(AT THEIR COST) I GREATLY APPRECIATE THEIR CUSTOMER SERVICE.MANY THANKS TO AMAZONR.M.

This is an excellent device for the extremely low price of $69.  Windows Phone 8.0 works beautifully on it.  It doesn't have the greatest specs on the camera (5mp), but it isn't bad considering the low price and it has some great features.  Takes a microSD card, and has 8gb on board.  Hardware specs compare favorably to phones much more expensive.  Call sound quality is great (some people still use phones to make calls).  I could go on.  At $69, even if you just got it as a music/wifi/game device you are getting a great deal.  I love the downloadable maps, so you don't need data to use the GPS.  You can get directions and look at the map with your location without even activating it.  It appears you DO need an active account to use the full out voice and navigation app (easily as nice as the Garmin I used to have), but again.. $69!!  It has a bunch of other nice features related to GPS.

Though it do take times for the webpage to response , it is quite cheaper than other cell phone. It's light.

A nice phone for an extremely good price, everything you need in a phone without a $700 price tag .

This is a great smart phone. I was surprised how stable this windows OS turned out. It never gets frozen as some android devices do. It's great value for the money. I used it daily for my driving and listening to podcast. With T-mobile's 30$ Month Pre-Paid plan, it's perfect.The camera quality is very good, the gps (Here App) is better than Google maps and the fact that you can download regional world maps is great feature. That means, you won't need a data plan to have a GPS. T-Mobile also, provides code to unlock the phone after 40 days of services. No need to pay third party to unlock your phone.The only limitation is not enough storage on the phone, it ships with 8 Gig. I bought an 8 Gig SD card for few bucks and I am good.

Excellent phone bought 2 may buy a couple more except for bigger screen!

Good phone overall, great price, if Winphone is your thing. I tried for six months.  Not for me. Ended up buying a Motorola Moto G. No regrets.

I was kind of skeptical at first about purchasing this phone, given the low price.  It turns out that it is a fantastic little phone.  There are some features I wished it had, like a front camera, and anti glare when out in the sun.  You also need to remove your finger prints often.  But then again, this phone is under $130 and will do pretty much anything you need it to do, so I have no real complaint against it.  I also bought (off of amazon of course), a silicone case, which may be the reason, after several times dropped, the phone shows no sign of wear.  I would also advise purchasing a screen guard.  If you need to consider economy, than this is a great phone, and I highly recommend it.

This is my first mobile phone. I needed one only for emergency contact. Of the models T-Mobile uses this was the cheapest smart phone. The many reviews on the Internet converge. Good performer, lightweight, reliable, good battery, modest storage, mediocre camera with no flash. Despite its Windows hobbling it is a terrific value. I bought mine refurbished (slight yellow discoloration of the display) for $35.

Pro: Cost ($69.00 on Microsoft store website + FREE SHIPPING), Speed, Great Camera, User Friendly, Elegant Design, Multifunction: Wifi calling,etcCon: None. Don't be Android or Apple product close mindedBought this phone on the Microsoft store website at such a great deal $69.00 - includes SIM card. If you're new to the "smart phone" technology this is a great beginner phone. If you already own an Android or Apple product then your reviews will be biased because of what you already know and love. I'm not hating.. just telling the truth.Without any prior smart phone experience after 2 days watching youtube Nokia 521 videos & practice, you'll be a pro! The phone has great processing speed so navigating through the apps is flawless without any lag. There's 8GB internal memory as well as microSD slot expanded memory. I've used this phone for 1 week and I have no regrets. People, you need to understand cell phone companies are no longer offering contracts & free phones. Why buy or finance an expensive Samsung or Iphone if you really don't use its full potential? Buy it. Enuff said

Very good phone for the price.  I added a32 G chip and now have all my music andphotos on the phone as well.  Downloaded andAmazon kindle app - and now download and readbooks on it in bed at night.  No large night lightto disturb my husband in bed while I read.  Thinkmy next phone when this is done in years to come, will alsobe a Nokia.

I really like my phone! It is in all ways, exceeding my past expectations. It is beautiful, big, and flawless. It comes with everything you need, and what's more, the cases and screen protectors are inexpensive. Yay or nay? I say Yay!

How to get the $30 plan from t mobile1. Buy any GSM phone unlocked t-mobile,at&t;,etc DONT USEany sprint,Verizon,virgin mobile it won't work2. Buy a sim card from t mobile any3.activate it online not from a phone use your phone lMElNumber,sim card number,activation code4.pick 30 $ plan (new t mobile customers only or new sim card)5.go to rite aid or any other store that has prepaid cards and getThe $30 refill and put in the code on the phone your going to wantTo activate by calling the number in the back.6. Your done.THIS PHONE I BOUGHT AT WALMART AND ITS BETTERTHAN MY OLD LG OPTIMUS L9It's a great phone I never had a windows phone before I had theLG optimus v,Kyocera event,LG optimus l9 now this one I reallyLove the UI its very easy to use. The speeds are quick enoughFor me I get around 2mps download 3mbps upload that's quiteEnough for me . I don't really need LTE  I do suggest you buy aPhone cover and a screen protector and the battery last me allDay long REALLY AMAZING PHONE GLAD I BOUGHT ITI RECOMMEND GETTING THE GAME CALLED ZOMBIETSUNAMI IT'S SO FUN AND ADDICTING

This phone is cheap, slick, and smart. It has great camera effects you can play with BUT it is a windows phone. I give it four stars just because Windows is so behind in the app game.

Ok so this is coming from an android user for the last 3/4 years... I decided to give windows 8 and nokia a chance.This review will be about both the Windows Phone OS and the phone itself.  There are pros and cons to each.Pros:It just works. Easy to get email and texts and everything working.Stable without crashes.Office apps are awesome.Camera and video look great in daylightLove the tiles and the layout - very customizable and functionalGreat battery life.  One thing I noticed is that the battery doesnt drain as much as my android phone when idle.  If I leave the phone overnight for 8 hours it will drain about 10% while on all night.  I can often go 2 days on one charge if I haven't been streaming videos, etc.Beautiful ScreenSnappy and responsiveCons:Wifi calling doesnt allow MMS... this really sucks.. you get a message and cant open it.Apps are limited.  I didn't think this would be that big of a deal - but I realized that a lot of the social things on my phone I now cannot do.  Whenever my friends say "hey download this app" everyone on android and iOS can get it... usually its not an option so I miss out.No facebook, instagram, and other major apps.  This deserves a completely different point.  Really microsoft its 2013!?I miss Swype, Chrome, etc.  Defaults in wOS are good but having options is better.No LED flash for the camera.No front facing camera.The phone without a case is slippery.  I almost dropped it.  A friend was looking at it and almost dropped it.  Get a caseFinal thoughts - I feel like the OS is awesome.  I like the tiles and the design.  The apps they have seem to work really well - the ones that you can get...  But, there is just so much missing....it just feels incomplete.  If you use your cellphone for texting, calling, web browsing and creating documents this is a great phone.  If your phone is your constant social connection with the outside world, windows phone OS leaves you sitting indoors on a sunny day looking out a window at all the kids in the neighborhood playing - wishing you could join in.Phone - great value.  for the cost you get an amazing piece of hardware.  Not the best on the market - but a great value! 4.5/5 starsOS - what it does have is great.  Design is great.  Just needs more.  A lot more.  3.5/5 stars

Device itself is great and works as it supposed to be however activating with T-Mobile was pain. Not sure if it is the source of the device or T-Mobile activation/support team [out of Texas]. I was given third degree as this phone/device was stolen equipment. Finally after a week and multiple calls to T-Mobile, now it has service.

this is such a wonderful phone!! seriously anyone out there dogging windows phones must be illiterate! i mean yeah it has SOME down points like the microsoft app store SUCKS!! but as for social media and ease of adjusting to it this phone is awesome! me and my husband have the same one now and he normaly only likes the slider phones with the full QWERTY keyboard but even he is adjusting well to this phone! I love the way you can customize the home screen and the phone is plain out LOUD!! like it even gives you a warning that it could cause damage if you turn the volume all the way up with headphones in =]

ya its good!!!

I love my new phone. I got it all now but don't know how to use it. Bought a book but that's not real clear. I love the fact I have a 54.00 Bill every month. No hidden fees. Talk text and web.

Maybe it's just because I'm coming off a phone that I'm only using because my newer "flagship" phone died on me and I needed to go back to something three years older to fill the gap...but I decided to take the plunge to abandon Android for Windows Phone 8 and I've gotta say I'm very happy with my purchase.For the price, the features are excellent. The phone doesn't lag even with its lower specs, the screen is perfect for one-handed use, it's light and easily slips in and out of my pocket and it simply doesn't feel cheap even though it was!I love having all the integrated services available in the Microsoft ecosystem, including Office, Outlook(dot)com. X-Box, SkyDrive and more, which compete toe-to-toe with anything Google or Apple have to offer. It's a refreshing change of scenery with just the right amount of customizability without overwhelming me with options.And say what you will about the so-called limited app selection, I am having no trouble finding the things I want and need on Windows Phone. I don't always get all the exact same apps I had with Android, but I have found alternatives that are just as good or in those few cases where there isn't anything available, there's always mobile web versions of the sites and services I need that suit me just fine. If you're not picky about having all the EXACT apps you're addicted to, you won't have any trouble getting the functionality you need with any WP8 device. Those who are on the fence, just know Microsoft is not backing down from mobile and the apps will come with time.On the downside, eventually I'll want a phone that takes great photos so I know this won't be my daily driver for long, but the camera is adequate for my immediate needs and much better than what I was using prior. Also, the limited 8 GB of memory can be troublesome considering you can't install apps on an SD card, but for a casual to moderate smartphone user it shouldn't be a problem.All-in-all, I have very little to complain about with WP8 and this phone in particular. It's not a powerhouse, but for the price it absolutely CANNOT be beat. I'm excited to continue familiarizing myself with all the new stuff this phone and OS can do.

this phone is awesome.. i bought it for my husband, and he has never had a smartphone. it is holding up good. once he learnt how to operate it, he loves it. everything on it works good. i love a windows phone..

Great phone. Easy to use. Lots of color. Not too big. Very user friendly. My daughter loves it more than anything

The phone works great, it has some really great features. The thing I dislike about it is that it is Windows and not Android (it's just my preference); however, I am getting more accustomed to it now that I am learning the cool features this phone has.

This phone is the best value for money right now, period.Having the capability to download offline maps means I dont need to buy a GPS, which basically pays for the cost of this phone. You also get regular updates to maps for free for life (Nokia owns Navteq).Also, you can upgrade Here Maps App(for $15..its free for premium Lumia's ) and download offline maps for any country, so basically you have a gps with up-to-date maps of the entire world for $15 ( Priceless)Wifi calling is a huge plus, while travelling internationally.The much talked about app gap is closing everyday with a new official app for Windows Phone.

This is a great phone for the price. I haven't had any problems with it. I got it as a gift.  The sound is good. Takes great pictures and videos.  Easy to download info to it.  When I first got it... I said to myself I will never get the hang of this phone because I'm not really a tech person but I was wrong.  This phone is so easy to use and I would definitely recommend it. My only issue is the battery life isn't that great so take your charger with you. LOL

Great call quality on 4G.Good data speed on 4G ONLY.Great phone design: add memory, replace battery, etc.Terrible reception outside my local area. Virtually unusable in the car travelling the states, due to NO Service or lame 2G.Roughly 40% cheaper than AT&T; and Verizon.Basically, you pay less, get unlimited connections but slower connection (if any outside your local area).The Lumia 521 is a nice, attractive design.Windows 8 OS is fast, but has a few bugs like no Cut or Undo.The status bar is always hidden, which is very annoying.You have to be tied to a Microsoft account and email address.Apps often require you send your location info to Microsoft. I hate this about Microsoft.Be aware that this phone will store your data like OneNote notes somewhere in the M$ Cloud whether you like it or not.OK display: not retina, but still nice for a cheap phone.Camera is OK. No big deal. No flash.Overall it's OK. It's a sub-par phone for budget-minded people and teens. I much prefer my contract iPhone and AT&T; service over this for it's connection coverage, reliability and data speed. The T-Mobile Lumia 521 is useful as a secondary phone to throw around the family. For the $100 I'll keep it. I'll probably let the service expire, and then just reactivate it whenever I need to.

Wow, I am blown away about the quality of this phone. Im going to give you a full scale review because I know what good phones consist of in comparison with the price. First, let me say that I've had every phone out there with every type of market.1. Phone size- screen is a nice size. 4 inch in length, and 2 1/2 in length.2. Battery life- Great, will last a day in a half if you have it running full time.3. Functionality- This phone flows amazingly well for the price. Moving the screen to apps to music to pictures is a charm.4. MY OWN NOTE: Wow, when it comes to watching youtube, netflix, and the t-mobile channel...wow amazing. There is no buffing what so ever. This is a very big deal. If I can watch live T.v on my phone with no buffering then thats amazing.(So the speed of the phone is amazing).5.Only down fall is no flash, but its 70$!! This phone is the best bang for the buck on the marker right now.6. Apps work well, and down load in 5 seconds which is amazing.

The phone does not stream videos well, may be the T-Mobile network because I use a prepaid plan.  Fustrated with the app selection, just want some apps that are user friendly.  The phone looks very cool but the functionality and user friendliness leaves a bit to be desired.

I'm not a person that uses hundreds of apps and this is why the strait forward design of this Windows phone was attractive. I had already purchased the Surface and  this phone is a good match in operation. It seems to have most of the apps I need available, and they work well. I like the functionality of putting all the things commonly used on the start screen and a simple slide shows everything available on the device. I've had it for a couple of weeks and don't feel the need to go back to an Android. The only drawback from buying it on Amazon is that T-Mobile stores sell it $50 cheaper and I had to take it to the T-Mobile store anyway because my old sim card did not fit. They were able to cut it down at the store and set the phone up for me. Very helpful. For that reason alone I would say you'd do well to buy it at the store.

We broke down and decided to get a cell phone for our autistic teenager. This was inexpensive and is available with a great, cheap prepaid plan. He LOVES this phone. He texts my wife and me more now than he ever talked to us in the past. He loves that he can watch videos, play games, and surf the web. I love that all that isn't costing me an arm and a leg thanks to T-Mobile's $30 a month prepaid unlimited data and messaging plan with 100 minutes of talk.The only downside, for me, was that I had a heck of a time setting some of the features up for him. It took me well over an hour to figure out how to accept the terms of service for the Microsoft store. If you're buying it for yourself, and you're over 18, it might not be as involved. But I had to set up a family account in my name on windowsphone.com and add him as a user and THEN accept the TOS on his behalf. I've just been spoiled by Apple's &#34;it just works&#34; ecosystem.All-in-all I can definitely recommend this phone for anyone - not just surly teenagers.

I love my new Nokia windows phone the only thing is I wish it had a flash and a front camera but the phone still take good pictures

from time to time getting stuck, .Have to turn it off to get it back. I wouldn't recommend it to my friends

I have enjoyed my phone, nd I am glad I choose this phone, nd this provider!  It was here on time. Was packaged nd delivered n excellent shape!

I had an HTC 8X that had to be replaced due to frequent lock-ups.  Nokia 521 is not as awesome on the features, but it seems reliable from a week's use.

I have had windows phones for almost 5yrs now and I love this one it works for me...alot of people knock the windows phones but I love mine and I have had an Iphone before and will never go back to it again I dont care how many gagets it has I LOVE MY WINDOWS PHONE!!!!!!!

Pleasantly surprised that windows phone can be so good. Excellent value.  is n't a sleek one. would recommend it to any one looking at a windows phone at good value.

Really inventive features and functionality. Glad I purchased this item. Good pre paid phone for the price and quality above all.

If you kid lose his phone once a year like mine, this is a great replacement phone.  It does everything you need and more. Good value.Clear displayfast CPUit would be best if it come with a better and front facing camera, but for the price, who's complaining

This Phone is excellent . I love that you can upload songs and play it offline. It is also light and apps are easy to learn..

I've been looking for a cheap new smart phone for T-mobile. This phone has all the features I need! It's hard to find a great phone for a college student budget.Pros:PriceFunctionaliltyLight weight4GConnects to windows 8.1 account on laptopCons:Camera (Not the best I've had)Limited Apps (Not a big problem for me though)Seems easy to break (I'm buying a heavy duty cover for it because I'm clumsy)

I chose 4 stars, because the phone is a bit complicated. But I, so far have no complaints! The phone is fast, clear (even daylight)!, very user friendly, and effective with whatever use you have for it.

It's applications are wonderful, compare the price with its quality, it's really worth. you can listen to the NOKIA music, GPS, NOKIA camera, the weather channel,yes , of coure internet......... anyway ,I like it. It's a good deal.

A great phone for a great price. It has everything I wanted in a smart phone: maps, Facebook, texting, phone calls are clear, and the browser is fast enough for when I need to google an address. I wish the plastic back had different covers I could change it to, though.

[...]Updating my review to 5 stars. I have had this phone for about a month now and it is excellent! Fast, easy to use. The only issue is the lack of apps - which i knew going in with a Windows phone (why don't they subsidize apps more to eliminate this problem? Nokia and Microsoft?) Anyway, best phone I have owned - which includes Sony Ion, Samsung S, HTC One, Razor, etc....if Microsoft gets their act together on apps I may purchase a Windows tablet when I am able. The live tiles feature is great and ridiculously easy to set up and change. Battery life is excellent as well.2 weeks with it - and still love this phone! battery life great - approx day and a half without using battery saver. Everything is smooth. Live tiles are nice! $79 dollar phone beats Sony Ion and Galaxy S. Not sure how it compares to the S4 - and don't care. Great phone!Nokia build quality shows. Feels good in the hand. A little plasticy but feels good still. Removable battery! Windows apps seem smooth. Tiles interface is nice. I've had Android phones and will update with my experiences once I live with this for a few days. So far - Google account synced right away - contacts, calendar, etcBy the way, they had this model on sale at Target for $59 - went to the store and they had two versions of this phone - same model number - but supposedly different versions. The clerk said they were both GSM - so I thought that was suspect. But the one they had left was "not on sale" (it was $99). So I bought this here on Amazon. Perhaps the model on sale was for pre-paid only (I am an existing T-mobile customer). So I just took my SIM card out of my old phone and popped it into this one. Worked right away. 4g works fine so far.

This product isn't what I thought it would be. It shuts off right in the middle of something. It did come in a timely manner.

Its is good and cheapest smartphone. But camera is a major drawback. If you compare 5 MP from apple and 5 MP from nokia, you will see the difference. Nokia needs to improve a lot.

For the price this is an amazing phone. It turns out I'm not too keen on having a Windows phone (did have an iPhone).As far as the phone itself goes, the backside is made of plastic, which I didn't realize but after putting on a sturdy cover that's no problem. The screen is pretty great with good quality. I'm also quite happy with the sound quality both on calls and music. The antenna seems to work really well and I often have a very good signal though I live out in the country. A negative, though is that I cannot seem to keep the Wifi connected. I'm constantly having to reboot the phone to keep it from using cellular data which is a ridiculous expense when I'm sitting 4 feet away from my router.The apps on the phone leave something to be desired. There's no Candy Crush, Instagram is new and I haven't been able to get it work properly plus there aren't apps that I've learned to take for granted. My bank doesn't have an app for Windows Phone so where I had been able to deposit checks through my phone I don't have that option. I could refill my prescriptions with an app on my phone which I cannot do since there isn't an app for it on Windows Phone. If apps aren't a big deal to you then this phone really is great. I think I should have done a bit more research before taking the plunge on apps, so I'd really recommend that  you see if you can have access to the ones you'll need or see if you can find an acceptable alternative.

This phone whold be perfect if the keyboard letters was a bit wider when the phone is in portraits mode. Almost every word I type. Is incorrect. Forget about getting a email or a text written quick because your gonna need to go back and correct the spelling of every other  word. And my fingers are. Skinny.i hate to imaging a fat fingered person typing on this thing. Also when browsing internet you can back up a page but after you back up you can't go forward. How dumb.and forget about laying down on the bed and type. The screen will constantly be rotating with every move you make. Rotation. Can't even lock on this phone. The still didn't release a update. Its no camera flash either. I guess that's it. If these few but major things could be improved this phone would be a winner. big improvements needed. Look up at the top where I spelled "would " wrong. I actually had to go through this whole paragraph correcting mid spelled words because the keyboard sucks. The phone won't even allow me to select it and fix it. I fixed all the other errors. Who it act like it can select that word.and the last sentence "who" should be "why" but its not legging me correct it. Oh well. I'm done in not gonna spend another minute correcting errors. If I was typing from mh iPhone 4s I would have been finished writing this review with no errors. A half hour passed already.

I bought this phone for my teenager and so far we are pleased. The only problem that we have found is that it will not send picture texts (maybe because we are not paying for data, we only use the wifi). We are very pleased with this phone.

I have been wanting to try a Windows phone for a while but was afraid I wouldn't like it. I bought this for 79 bucks and was like if I don't like it, meh it's only 80 bucks and not like 400 bucks for some others. I love the Windows phone. This Nokia also does NOT feel like a cheap phone as it's price tag implies.Only two things I don't like about it. 1) it has no front facing camera so its impossible to Skype and 2) it has no flash. Other than that, its a fast phone that is well worth the 80 bucks or whatever it's at right now.

The customer service was amazing with T-Mobile and it was also fulfilled by Amazon so double thumbs up!The phone itself though is okay - not excellent. I switched from my blackberry to this and I have to say, personally, I love the QWERTY keyboard better than the touchscreen on this phone. But that's just my opinion. It has some very neat gadgets like the installed Microsoft apps and it's super easy to use. I think this phone is a great choice for the older generation who wants a sleek and up to date phone but doesn't want the hassle of all the updates.

This is the worst phone I've ever owned. After a month I couldn't receive calls or texts without turning my phone off and once a day. Four months have gone by and now I can't receive any calls or texts even if i turn off my phone. Its not on airplane mode and I can only send out calls 3 minutes after i turn it on, and I can't even see any missed calls or texts that I have. Don't buy this phone its defective.

I really do not like a windows platform for a phone. It is confusing and slow. I am getting rid of it as soon as contract is up.

Nice phone, until you realize how bad windows is.  Programs crash constantly.  Phone must be turned on and off regularly.  Music program would be great if it worked dependably.  Essentially typical microsoft crap.  Buggy and frustrating to use.  Will be upgrading to android soon.

we bought this for our daughter because you could put a parental guide on it. NO YOU CANT. if you google online, several people cannnot figure out how to download apps. Micrsoft has no idea what they are doing.Also, when you follow all their instructions, they take you in loops. they don't help you at all.and of course, no one online knows how to fix it either. we all have the same issue.Don't buy. save your money and your insanity. We spent three hours or more following microsofts instructions....and finally, I'm  getting rid of the phone and buying an android.good lord!!!!

I switched from an older android phone and am impressed with the ease of use. I have been able to find most of my favourite apps in the windows store or something comparable and it has office built it. I use it a lot!I do not have T-Mobile in my home area yet, but I work where I get perfect call/data quality on their 4G network!!

I moved from an Android phone. The reason for my move was email. Email on android has massive problems. Deletes don't propogate to server and are duplicated on the phone. I had to manually delete trash items one by one every week. It was tiresome. And if I was offline, GPS was done for.I love my Nokia. Outlook is rock solid. GPS offline - no problem. Ya I can't get all the farting apps that android has. Oh well. It has everything I "need".

There are obviously some issues but I guess it's value for money @ 100.00Features are good, Map is good.

I cant believe this a no contract phone.  I bought one for each of my kids and my mom too!  Easy to use and holds up well to daily use.  Microsoft and Nokia hit it out of the park with the OS and apps.  Offline maps, music, SkyDrive, auto picture uploads, etc...

Let me state that I primarily use this phone with the Wi-Fi calling feature, as I do not have cell service at home.  This is the main reason I got this phone (the low price, plus ability to do Wi-Fi calling).  It took some talking to customer service to get it working correctly, but once they got it fixed, it worked well for about a month or two.  Then I was getting an increasing number of days with Wi-Fi calling glitches.  T-Mobile replaced it with another phone, same model.  It is starting to get glitch as well.  I'm not convinced they have the bugs out of the software and I am constantly (CONSTANTLY) having to fiddle with it if I want it to work.  My new replacement phone is sitting on the kitchen table, turned off, as I write this.  I have no phone now.The one thing I can say is that T-Mobile has THE BEST customer service I have ever experienced.  They are hands-down my favorite carrier, even though their coverage area is smaller than say, Verizon, because they are very willing to help you out.  However, if you are considering buying this phone and you plan to use Wi-Fi calling on a regular basis, look elsewhere.  Maybe an Android phone.  Not this one. My husband's phone is acting up as well.  Both of ours have had problems working correctly on the cellular network as well.  Just don't buy this phone.

This is a good set. Multi function with a reasonable price. Very light easy to carry. We are happy.. Thanks.

i love this phone. works great have had no problems with it.sound quality is better than old one.all in all good phone.

Best smartphone deal for t-mobile users.I was using Nokia Nuron 5230 and this is an upgrade. Just called T-mobile and tell them you need to upgrade your phone. The whole process takes about 5 minutes

This phone was great at first. But now it shuts off all the time and doesn't hold a charge. I just bought this phone 2 months ago. I would not recommend it.

Got the phone in the retailer box, unopened. Loved the pricing! Took awhile to navigate the phone and learning what does what.It's a OK phone, not to thrill with windows 8 on it. Can't complain, anyways I won't be the one using it.

Bought 2 of these. Nice phone but when I couldn't get the SIM cards to activate with MetroPCS, I took the phones to them.They tried with their SIM cards and couldn't get the phone going. Had to return them.

I had been using the Windows 7 entry Nokia 710 for the past 2-3 years  and now the battery is starting not to charge up well. Its a great entre level windows phone , easy to use and quick. Its only 2 drawback was the font size cannot be adjusted and its not birght enough for outside use.Then I bought the 521 a few months when it first came out and I finally get to use it, April 2014.1 .I noticed the phone gets really hot.2. The the screen would turn off even when  I am trying to call out and then the power/screen  button is intermitent working3. the Speaker is really muffled and has a high tone level4. My Voice comes out muffled on the recieving endI compared this to the 710 and sound on that phone is much much better. The 521  screen is a little bigger and  brighter but still not bright enough.Plan:  I am going to get rid of this phone since this one is annoying me . I need a phone with better mic and speaker since I use the speakerphone a lot.  I will get the next model up or so.

Do not buy this phone you will be disappointed to say the least I have had nothing but trouble since I have had this phone it is a waste of money.

Phone keeps shutting off, even after battery is fully charged.  This is my 2nd phone.  I had to return the 1st one due to camera button not working!!!!  I ordered 2 of these phones and so far the other phone is working just fine.  Bad Luck???? Not sure if i should have it repaired or just look into another brand.  Frustrated.........

Phone arrived as described for an excellent price; noting this is the to-go/no-contract phone, be aware, but don't be deterred. It is the same phone as the one sold in the store.This phone would have cost me $140.00 in the store, but I only paid $79.99 on this to-go phone from amazon.com. Good idea for the budget conscious. The T-mobile call center can tell you that I refuse to pay $700.00 for a phone. I have held out since the inception of Smart. This phone was what I was waiting for. As far as I can tell, this phone does everything the Samsung Galaxy SIII does, with the exception of the share function (and who needs that, I mean really.) I can use the wi-fi to run my Kindle, which is important when traveling extensively. I was surprised to find that the wi-fi is almost as fast as my cable wi-fi and that is on the tier two data plan; I may bump up to the highest tier, and cut my cable internet. More economical; looking at hot spot. I can edit word, excel, and ppt docs (!!) and windows is getting instagram soon (not certain if I want that anymore, but hey). The most important improvement on this phone over my last, is the crystal clear calling; my family members sound like they are actually in the room with me, it's awesome. Nokia is supposed to be a very reliable and trustworthy phone. I am so excited about this phone, that when people call me, I actually pick up!Important Tip: This is my first smart phone. My SIMS card was 10 years old and too big to fit the device. (Device requires a micro-SIMS). I panicked initially, then called T-Mobile customer service, and the lady at the call center was so kind and knowledgeable; she noted my account to provide a free micro, since my original was outdated and did not fit. Went to the local store as directed, and they set me up beautifully.I've been with T-mobile for 10 years. I've never been disappointed. Best customer service, and best rate plans.

I bought two of these. The reviews said they were of good quality , they are very slow and not of quality.

I love the Nokia Lumia phones. This is my third one, and I bought one for my daughter. The Lumia 521 has basically the same features as newer ones, at a much more reasonable price. It has windows and wifi, so I can pick up signals at many locations as well as at home, so I don't need a data plan. I love how easy it is to customize, just drag the icons to the main screen and move around. Icons can be made big or small. Icons for individual frequently used numbers can be set with a photo, so easier to find. This is a fun phone. And I set the colors to match my daily outfit.

The sim card that came with this new phone could not load my old account onto it when I got the new phone.

I wasn't to convince at first,but I really like my phone. IT has everything I want on a phone . I can't complain.

This phone was everything we expected and in great condition for a used phone. We were very happy with this purchase!

This is a nice WINDOWS phone.  If you are not real tech savy, like me, you need to know that Windows and Android are not the same!  Although I have come to like this phone, everything that I wanted to do with it is unavailable.  I wish I had researched everything before buying this.  If you want to use THE SQUARE, or PAYPAL HERE, to use your phone as a portable cash register . . .  Forget it . . . neither one work with this phone.  If you thought that you might get more proactive with your budget by uploading YNAB Software . . .. doesn't work with this phone.  The screen is kind of small too, especially when typing things.  I do like how there are word choices as you text to help out.  Nice phone . . . but not what I needed.  Oh well.

My dad is technologically challenged. His previous phone was dropped in water when fishing. When I first got it for him he didn't use it as much. After having created his very own facebook and email account, he's using his phone much more. Browsing through the phone feels as responsive as my Lumia 1020, taking pictures of course isn't as great as the Lumia 1020 but it does produce clear pictures, and the screen is really vibrant. The user interface is really simplistic and user friendly, but still my dad would still ask how to do certain functions on the phone here and there. My only regret was not purchasing two of these phones when they were on sale for $54.99 during Christmas. For anyone who wants a cheap phone quality phone, then this is the phone you want.

Price was right, $65, everything works great, I use it to tether my tablet in my car too and I love it. I would highly recommend this phone to everyone... Screw IPhone & Galaxy!! :)

I am very unhappy with this phone, I barely use it and It's on battery saver mode all day and internet on wifi but always on battery saver mode as well but still the battery is critically low after 4-5 hours and it's not even a month yet since I bought this phone. Looks like a defective battery or the phone just doesn't really last more than 5 hours.

This is the best budget phone out there period! I researched tons of phones in the budget category and in this price range nothing even came close. The screen is bright and crisp. The battery lasts all day unless you game heavy. Speakers are clear and have plenty of volume. The camera is pretty good to boot. Now to cover the bad points. Reception in buildings can be pretty bad. Now this could be the cellular coverage in my area. This phone does not have an led flash or NFC but again this is aimed at the budget market. The app store is still growing but I think it has plenty for my needs. This is just a great phone!

Lots of helpful functions, easy to use (once you know how LOL) Glad I made this phone my choice. Windows 8 phone website is very helpful as well.

I bought this phone because I had previously liked other Nokia phones I had purchased.  In addition, I thought it was a great price for a smart phone.After using it for a couple of months, I believe I have wasted my money.  My biggest complaint is that the screen is impossible to see when one is outside.  Yes, I changed the background to white, which does make it easier to see.  However, the background on the music player does not change and remains black.  I like to walk outside and listen to music, but unless I play a really long album, I cannot even use it.Needless to say, I will now be getting another mp3 player and using the phone features only.

Phone works well. Shipment arrived quickly. this is a basic smart phone. doesn't have all of the apps that the iPhone or Samsung offer, but it's price less than $100 makes it a great initial smart phone. great value.

I was nervous buying a Window 8 phone.  I have never had a smart phone, so i was not confused by Windows 8 as many said i would be.  I think it is a great quality phone.  (Lumia 521)  I love the movable tiles and after playing with it and reading the booklet, I feel like i have a good understanding of my phone without a lot of difficulty.  I got a great easy to use phone for a fraction of the price of other smart phones.  It is a bit hard to find covers and cases, especially the gel kind, that fit these phones.  But that is not a huge problem in my estimation.  So happy I go this phone.

The Nokia is a great purchase, the phone is easy to navigate and stylish.  I would recommend this  phone to all mom's for their children!

Nokia Lumia 521 4G LTE  (T-Mobile) Nokia is one of the worlds finest cell phone producers in the world , they have always led in quality and performance , is the only phone from Finland that are perfectionist like all European products. The only flaw they had they maintained their operating system, which was quit good till android appeared in the picture, then they didn't get much help converting it into a windows phone, Bill Gates should make the Nokia's with both  operating systems . Now the good news , this phone has 22 updates as soon as you register it and for the price of $69.00 its upgraded to an 8.1 and now just about most of the best favorite android apps are  available at the  windows app store , which makes your phone better and faster integration with your computer, you have one of the best quality built phones for the price of 2 or 3 good covers for a galaxy 5 , 4g . In other words the best quality built phone is ready. Its the best for everyone that prefer a quality simple phone updated with better integration with computer.And has many unique features no other phone has. I just installed a 16GB card and it automatically accepted it without formatting it ,and asked if I wanted my pictures to go there automatically,I purchased 2 OEM batteries for 10 dollars you can switch them in 2 seconds, and they are quality Nokia not like some cheap Chinese ones, that drain supper quick.This a problem most consumers don't understand my Samsung drains the battery fast, yes its a cheap battery , I need to expand my memory and change my battery when its needed cause sometimes you cant wait to charge, then don't buy an iPhone the only company that makes you buy another phone for more memory ridiculous or send it to them a be without a phone when your battery is bad, thats why they are going down . Nokia rules they just need to add android as an option and  price, Quality,features.

This is my first smartphone.  I love it so far.  I could not send and recieve pictures on it so  I called tmobile and was told to take a picture and send it to my number.  I did and after that I was able to send and recieve pictures.  The camera takes great shots outside or in bright light but there is no flash.  Over all it seems like a good phone at a good price.

Even after reading the reviews, this phone exceeded my expectations. I didn't realize that it already comes with a new micro SIM card so didn't need to worry about getting one of those when I switched phones.Pros:Runs well, pretty fast in doing whateverHas most all of the major appsNice touchscreen, it's extra sensitiveGreat nokia apps, like music and the here drive, which works without data.Great battery, it is very efficient with its battery usage, so although it is a small battery, I have easily made it through the day still with 50% battery left. The small battery also means it charges fastCons:No front facing cameraCan't use custom SMS sounds (small thing, but it would be nice since most every other phone has that ability)All in all, can't beat the price of $115 for this phone, since in most things it runs like one of those $500 smart phones

I was surprised that I like this phone. I was scared of using it because I am always an android user. I definitely recommend this to people who are just starting out using smartphones or for the people that have budgets. This phone is cheap and also T-Mobile is very flexible when it comes to their plan. I am on a budget when it comes to phone because I definitely does not want to spend so much for just a phone that I only use for texting and calling. I don't use internet because I feel like it is useless if I could just go home and use my internet at home and I don't have any job that involves checking email 24/7. As a college student, this phone fits everything I need for a low price.Pros:-Easy to use-The weight is just about right-It look stylish (in my opinion that is)-Long battery life (I don't use my phone that often, only if I have to meet someone or emergency)-It feels durable-Wifi is a plus-Scrolling down and up the screen is really fastThere are a lot of pros about this phone that I think why this phone is the best. Try it and you shall know what I am talking about. :)Cons:Of course I have to put some cons that I find about this phone (or it is just me being picky)-Phone slides of my hand. (I suggest to buy a cover, I am 5'3 female weight: 115 lbs. I don't know if this information is relevant but I might as well say it)-When I first used it, battery heated up really quickly (I turned off every apps that I don't need like location, feedback, bluetooth, etc. so now it does not heat up anymore.)Since I found using this phone really easy, I bought my 59 year old dad one too. He definitely like it and it is his first smartphone. He is still trying to learn it after all he only has been using it for a day. I will update this review later on if he learn the phone already and ask him of what he thinks of the phone.I definitely recommend this for everyone.I will update this review later on, after all I've only been using the phone for a week. This is just my first impression of it.

I have never owned any other brand of phone but Nokia. They are generally well made and nearly indestructible. I am impressed with the durability and the ease of use for the normal, technological lay-person, and would suggest this phone (or pretty much any Nokia phone) to anyone who is looking for a no nonsense, inexpensive phone. As long as Nokia continues to make phones (Thanks Microsoft for buying the company and ensuring the further existence of the brand), I will continue to buy them.The Pros:*Skydrive uploading syncs data if the phone is lost, stolen, broken or if you drop it in the toilet*Tiles rock!! The home screen is fully customizable to the tile that you use the most*Easy to use if you have sight issues, customizable colors and text sizes provide high contrast screens for the vision impaired (especially helpful for folks who wear glasses or contacts during the day and use the phone for an alarm clock at night)*Takes pretty awesome photos, even without a flash*Durable and easy to useThe Cons:*A little difficult to find cases*The power/volume/camera buttons are a little awkward to use*Sliding between screens slows considerably if a micro SD card isn't used for storage*As far as I can tell, you can only use Android apps (Bummer, because most of the cool apps like Cartwheel are Google Play only)I have had this phone twice now, the first one met it's untimely end after taking a swim in the bowl of a toilet. Sadly, it did not die from being wet or filthy, of all things, but because I was a stupid and plugged it in before it was totally dry, and shorted out the charging port.  It chewed through a couple batteries before I realized the phone was shorting out any battery I put into it, making them unable to be recharged... All things considered, THE PHONE STILL WORKED with a fully charged battery!I have dropped this phone while running on the treadmill at the gym--several times. The screen has never broken and is still in tact, and I have always just put the parts together and it's always worked great!  This just goes to show, I could have bought ANYTHING, and I chose to buy it again, because I really love the design and functionality. This phone is a champ and I'd buy it a third time!This being said, the second 521 was ordered from The Deal You Need, and it showed up in less than 2 days (beyond awesome when  you're a person who relies on their phone)! BAM!! This is what I call service! I am really happy about the phone, the service, and the the price!

I bought this phone for my wife. Little did I know it was going to be a waste of money.After about 6 months, the phone started acting up. Time is not enough to discuss all the problems. I will mention the biggest problem we are having.There is a button on the right that is supposed to turn it on. This button refuses to work even if the phone is fully charged.I sent it to repair. They said they fixed the problem and sent back the phone to me.We pushed the button to turn it on and it worked. However, after a few hours, the phone went back to old behavior.The phone still refuses to turn on.  My wife has a friend and she is experiencing other problems with the phone such as dropping calls and a bunch of others for no specific reasons.In the history of phone that we owned, this is probably the worst nightmare. One thing is sure, we will never own a nokia anymore unless it is given to us as gift by someone who is oblivious to the issues this phone is having.If you want to gamble and buy one, go ahead. You cannot say though that I did not warm you about potential problems with the nokia.It is shame to make a nokia that can only last 6 months because of humans greed!

Wonderful beginner Windows 8 Phone, easy to use, and room for plenty of applications. Great price,great idea for today;s college student.

This is a steal at $118 and similar feature worse looking Samsung selling at more then $300 at least.. It was a no brainier for me and I loved the value i got from this buy... Windows apps are smooth and I have all the apps I need.. People should not have complains that there are not enough apps on windows...The build quality is awesome and looks better then any other prepaid smartphone at the moment...

I have had iPhones, multiple Android devices and some experience with other Windows phones.  I can honestly say this borders on being almost a GREAT value. especially if you want a GSM phone that let's you drop the contract and switch between the GSM carriers.  This is labeled T-Mobile phone (our current carrier) but pretty sure it will work most other GSM networks too (YMMV).The Windows UI is perfect for my wife.  She texts, reads some emails, uses the navigation, takes some pictures and makes phone calls.  This phone performs all of these tasks more than adequately.  Now if you need the absolute latest and greatest, skip this phone.  We already have a dedicated camera and use tablets for a lot of our online time, so we don't need our phones to do everything these other devices do.  As a result, this &#34;mid-range&#34; device is a perfect addition to our family.Biggest Con?  The battery life.  But no worse than other &#34;smart&#34; devices and we have chargers all over our house and cars, so we can deal with it.As always, Amazon Prime takes the risk out of &#34;buying and trying&#34;.  All in all, a truly great value from the best online retailer.

ABSOLUTELY AMAZING!!! I can't believe this is so cheap it runs really well. Doesn't have a flash or front facing camera but I don't care. I had a windows 7 phone and just now upgraded to a windows 8. It is great for anyone who has an xbox or uses all microsoft stuff. I highly recommend it for anyone looking for a smart phone. Let me say I was blown away by how loud the speakers are.

My first smart phone so I have nothing to compare it with but I love it.  It gets the job done, takes beautiful clear pictures and looks sleek and stylish.

does what it is supposed to. not an iphone for sure.

The phone was purchased in June 2013.  In six months it was not taking a charge properly.  I assumed that my teenaged daughter was not being vigilant about properly recharging the phone.  It turns out there is a problem with the phone.I went to T-Mobile in February and they took $20 from me and arranged to have a new phone sent to me.  On receipt of the new phone, I was to switch out the battery, memory card, SIM and the back of the phone, returning the non-working phone to T-Mobile.  I did this.  Problem solved?  No, the battery still did not hold a charge.Soon after, I went to T-Mobile and was told to call Nokia customer care, which would send me a new battery free of charge.  I called Nokia, spent a few minutes on the phone, and was told a battery would be sent to me.  Then I waited.  We went on vacation out of the country.  We returned.  Still, no battery.April 11, 2014 I called Nokia customer care.  They have no record of my previous conversation, but promise to send me a new battery, which should reach me in a week of less.  This time I get a tracking number.  I wait a week -- no battery.  I wait longer -- no battery.April 22, 2014, around 11 a.m. EST,  I called Nokia customer care to ask about the battery.  I was told that the battery was not in stock.  The battery is made in Finland, but needs to be sent to Asia before it can be shipped to the U.S. and they just don't have the battery.  On April 11, 2014 the customer service representative checked to make sure the battery was in stock.  They could not tell me when the battery would be in stock.  Can I get a refund?  No.  What can I do?  The customer service representative said he the problem would be escalated and I would be contacted later in the day.Despite being told I would be contacted again, I was not contacted.April 28, 2014, today, I called Nokia customer care.  Yes, they have a record of the prior conversations.  No, the battery has not come back in stock.  No, they do not know when they will have the battery, but they will ship it to me when they get it.  Can they give me an idea of how long that might be?  No.  I asked if anyone tried to reach me by email or phone after the problem was escalated (which is what I was told would happen) and was told that they do not have any record of anyone at Nokia attempting to reach me by email or phone.If you buy a Nokia phone, don't expect any assistance from Nokia if you have a problem with the phone.

I'm loving all the features of this windows phone and you cant beat the price point. The simple navigation and speed of apps is better the my android. The only issue is availability of certain apps.

A piece of crap.  Battery doesn't last long, windows has almost zero apps to download compared to android or iPhone, has no front camera or flash, even camera is blurry, already twice my touchscreen will just stop working completely until I take the battery out for an hour or more, if your battery dies and you put it on the charger then it won't turn back on for 10-15 mins like most phones will let you.Don't waste your money seriously.

My mom got this phone for my brother and all he does is complain about how much he hates it. Its slow! Also if you like to have a background, don't get this phone. You can't have backgrounds.

This review is related to the Nokia Lumia Windows phone as well as the service through T mobile. I purchased this phone from a T-Mobile store in April '13 and immediately noticed that the phone shuts off frequently while being charged. The phone will also shut off completely while in a rest or battery saving mode. The main problem with this is that while it's off you are not getting calls, and when it shuts off while charging things like the alarm cannot be relied on. I have been sent a replacement already, and I am assured that when my second replacement in 2 months arrives, it will also have the same issue. The most amazing (disappointing) thing is that they will still sell you this phone right now, even though they know the phone fails to work properly. T mobile however will take no responsibility for the phone they retail, and even had the nerve to refer me to Nokia. I did not purchase the phone from Nokia, I purchased it from T-Mobile, when my 3rd phone fails for the same reason I will be calling the state consumer board and my credit card company to dispute the charge. Clearly the phone fails to perform as promised and I cannot get the retailer (T-Mobile) to make the purchase right. I have been with T-Mobile for 11 years now and the best I can get from them to make this right is that they will give me a small credit for the phone I paid for 2 months ago, that is legitimately defective, and let me pay for a new one. I hate to see that after all these years T-Mobile has ditched their traditional customer focused service and gone to the usual, ignore the customer until we lose them way of thinking. I have to highly recommend against this phone if you are looking for reliability and cannot afford to have your phone shut off without notice. I also have to say that if you are considering T-Mobile based on reputation, they are not the customer service company they were a few years ago.

Had a friend get one of these for me, because he heard that I needed a second burner phone for a time period when I was working on a project for work. I got the phone, charged it, started playing with it, and then almost immediately had to return it and get an Android phone. While Windows Phone has a lot of the major apps it has none of the specialty or local apps that I need. It also has no Google Drive support, which I absolutely have to have for work. What's worse, Bing was absolutely useless in the country I was in.If you just want an upgrade from a dumb phone and don't need to have access to any of the great apps on iOS or Android, go ahead and waste your money on this phone. If you want to actually have a phone you can use and that has access to literally everything that is available, spend a fractional amount more and get an Android.

Windows phones are not used by much of the market here in the US but they are interesting phones. I purchased this phone for my grandfather since he thinks most smartphones are too expensive. I had no experience with nokia since the small brick phones they made back in ~2005, they were quite sturdy and could take any beating you threw at them. I was definitely surprised when I opened the package, it felt like a quality product not what I would have expected from a $100 phone (what I paid at the time). Setup was easy and it was a plus that all the tiles were resizable, especially for an older person with less experience with smartphones. They live tiles show relevant information without being intrusive. The widows store while smaller than google play or the app store had everything that was needed for him, it was a plus that it came with Nokia Here Maps that could be used for offline navigation were downloadable for free. The camera is average, good enough for outdoor/ well lit photos but darker shots will be blurry. The screen does not have the highest resolution but it is better than most of its competitors in this price range. Its definitely a great buy even for use as an mp3 player (can accept up to a 64GB micro sd card) or as an alternative to a garmin with more functionality. Great little phone, hopefully Nokia can top it next year.

I Love this product, Its so beautiful, and it came in as estimated by the seller. Thanks. I reccomend it to any one who want to buy for personal use or as a gift for some one else..

Awesome phone especially for the price and you don't have to have a contract!  This was my second smartphone (after the 520) and it was a great experience.  It allowed me to check emails fast and do other things well.The 520 is also a great phone but AT&T; is a little expensive in their plans so I ended up unlocking the 520 phone (AT&T; unlocked it for me for free) and using it with T-mobile.  It worked with T-mobile but the data had some minor problems with the T-mobile network so I ended up getting the Lumia 521 which is almost an identical phone.Differences between the Lumia 520 and 521:Lumia 520:520 is slightly smaller in lengthHas a dark gray backside (almost black)optimized for AT&T;Locked to AT&T; unless otherwise specifiedAT&T; will unlock it with little hassleFits into the 521 case with a little extra wiggle roomContains a Go-phone sim includedEven when unlocked wouldn't process T-mobile dataLumia 521:Has an off-white backsideoptimized with T-mobile networkT-mobile makes you jump through a few hoops to unlock this oneMost cases you buy online (even if they say they are for the 520) are actually made for the 521Contains a T-mobile sim cardI think this one has a headset capability not available in the 521 (not sure)A little bit of a pain to set up because of T-mobile but once it was set up no major issuesCONCLUSION:  I would get the 521 because T-mobile has a cheaper monthly rate.  The 521 doesn't look as good because of the off-white backside but you can get a case for $5 (see my other review) and cover up the back.Note: Don't let the T-mobile (or AT&T;) rep con you.  There should be no activation/set-up fee.  They both come with sim cards and you should be able to do it yourself.

Amazing Gift-Fast Shipping-Great Quality,Only issue was that the box had a lot of unwanted finger prints.It was a gift, so I wanted it to be a clean package.

Great value for the price! Loved it. Planning moving my iphone4  stuff to this phone, hope it can take most of them if not all.

The Nokia Lumia is an efficient and easy to use smartphone for less than $100.  It comes with a good number of useful apps and I am able to use the internet quickly almost everywhere I go.  I wish the phone was a little larger (because I wear contacts) and the camera had more options, outside of those quirks I love this phone and I am very happy I did not purchase a much more expensive phone.

Update.  If you cant handle hyperbole, then i recommend leaving the internet now before yu get any further.  This phone is absolute junk, and my issues have no rectification.This phone, without a single doubt, is the most infuriating, unreliable horror show you could possibly invest in.  I have been using this phone since July 2013, and honestly this review would likely devolve into a foaming rant.  Instead, lets just place a series of bullet points here.-camera is unwieldy.  The delay between pressing the button and the actual taking of the image can regularly be 5 or more seconds.  Grainy resolution and no flash, its a major step backwards even from the cheapest smartphone.-it ignores all settings regarding wifi vs. Cell connectivity, so be prepared to use up all your data, even fom home.  An example of this is if you mvoe from one wifi to another, it requires turning off and restarting wifi connectivity to reconnect with your initial wifi connection.  To do this, you must enter three menu screens.-complete and utter lack of customization.  This is windows 8 in all its glory, you get to pick from a limited palette, and that is it.  Everything else is the wonky square pattern UI that is the opposite of useful. And you are etuck with the god awful stock keyboard that prevents easy txt editing.-no apps.  I know the windows store is adding more apps, but the quality is lacking in every regard.  Investing in Windows 8 mobile is like investing in LaserDiscs in 2013.  There are few functional apps, so if you rely on google docs, you're in for some frustration.-voice recognition for dialing is unresponsive and unreliable.  Maybe one in ten attempts can recognize I'm even saying a name.-my phone contact list was imported directly alongside my entire facebook list, without my input.  So to call anyone, I have to slog through my ENTIRE fb list to find them.  This sort of prethinking "we know better than you" stuff is rampant with this phone.-what apps they do have are barely functional.  Go ahead.  Try using the ebay app, or netflix without wanting to throw this thing across the room.  The unifying visual themes are forced throughout each and every app, which means the dysfunction of windows 8 can now be had in every endeavor.-the unlock button goes off on its own in the pocket, and on multiple occasions I heard a voice only to realize I had inadvertently dialed a random person ffom my fb list while it was in my front pocket.-the volume button requires a restart of the media to take effect, so if a video starts, and its at max volume, youll have to stop it and restart it to change the volume.-the headphone jack doesnt always cut out the speaker.  So if I put my headppones into it, its literally a crapshoot whether or not everyone else will hear the song.I was going to have a pro/con list, but after mjuch thought, here is my list of pros for this phone:-it didn't give me AIDS.

I've run into the same problems which I've had with most previous Nokia Smartphones.  After a few months of use I start recieving warnings that the phones memory is low.  When I check the phones memory, it says that most of the phone memory is taken up by &#34;other&#34;You can save photos, videos, and songs on the sd card.  Apps are saved on the phones memory, as well as emails and text messages.I find myself going back to my Nokia Nuron, which has 900 text messages saved on the sd card and no memory problems at all.

For such a cheap price this phone is surprisingly good. I have had this phone for a month and so far I have not had any problems with it glitching. The battery life of the phone is great it lasts a day and a half if I use it moderately. The only downside I have found though is that the Windows Store does not have a lot of the apps that are on the Apple App and Play Store. Other than that this phone is awesome for someone who does not need a high tech smart phone.  Overall I am impressed with this phone.

This is my first Windows phone and I'm very happy. Read lots of reviews and compared options and I'm pleased with my choice. I use Family Mobile through walmart and there was no option to move the data from my old phone with a standard sim to this phone with a micro sim but Nokia tech support told me how to do it myself with my PC and a cheap card reader from Radio Shack. Really impressive, fast, intuitive and slick working phone. The external buttons, especially the camera button, are just right. Hit the ground running with this phone which makes it a snap.

She is a first time smart phone user, and I think windows phone is easier to pick up than android or ios.  She seems to be handling it just fine!  I like the big screen so that the buttons are bigger.  The only drawback is the lack of a camera flash, that I can see.  But it seems to take decent pictures, and the price is right!

The phone is great, it came in it's original packaging, unopened and is very easy to setup you're info. It's has everything you should expect from a smartphone. You can personalize the tiles and change the colors, the only problem with the phone is the camera has no flash or front camera so you have to take a picture with the perfect lighting, but the phone has pre-installed photo editing software that fixes most lighting to a certain extent.

I bought this for my daughter and it is awesome. It has all the apps that she uses and the windows phone interface is very easy to understand. She gets to have her xbox username integrated with her phone. She loves it. The only thing that is missing is the front facing camera.

It arrived on time. This phone is is very nice. lots of bells and whistle. It's way more advance than the phone I previously had. So I am still learning how to operate it. I have used it as a mp3 to listen to music. I also take lots of picturs,  the only problem I have had is that there is no flash. Social media, bluetooth, GPS  all good. Maybe I will update once I have learned more about it. But overall it was a very good deal for me, more than I actually need.

It quit ringing, and I took it to a T-Mobile store and I was told, to fix the speaker, "you have to send it to Finland."  And I don't think there is any warranty after 30 days.  I was rather angry.  Added later - the phone guy didn't know this phone.  Today I talked to someone at T-Mobile who was knowledgeable and he showed me how to get it to ring again. The problem is the buttons on the side of the phone are right there where I grab it, and I had accidently lowered the ring volume to zero.

When the phone came it includes a SIM card(If the product listing mentioned that I didn't see it and bought a separate one). Popped in the sim and went to T-Mobile.com/activation and chose their 30/mo unlimited web and text, 100min talk plan. simple. no other charges. The phone is snappy and looks cool, feels good to use. I am still getting used to the Windows phone OS but for a good cheap phone its been great. I watch some videos I put on it from my computer, and some music I have stored on it now also.

Got one of these from Walmart and this one much cheaper from Amazon after I water-damaged the first one. These cells are totally not waterproof. It was my first smart phone so I learned you can't use any of the apps from the Apple store or from the Google android store. The Nokia apps store is a joke. It is just a basic cell. Doesn't have GPS, a compass and no app using those will work on this cell. Still doesn't show when I get a voicemail so I have to check it constantly. You can check out web pages and play games but video playback is a lost cause because they never come up. Nice back-up cell but otherwise save your money and get an iPhone6 when they come out. Photos in low light come out very blurry. You can hold down a button and voice command the cell to call someone in your contacts list which works 75% of the time but I appreciate that it uses my contacts in hotmail very well.

Five stars to a phone that is an entry-level W8 phone, but acts far more sophisticated in comparison to it's small price.  I paid $69 for this phone via HSN, and it is the second best item I've purchased (Acer c720-2848 is the first best). When I bought it, it was with the $50 unlimited everything.  But I realized I don't need to pay that much, so I found a way to change it to $30 w/100 min talk and unlimited text and internet.  This phone blows me away!It is smooth in scrolling and it opens applications fairly quickly.  It takes a few seconds to hit the internet, but that's no big deal. Music sounds loud and clear; screen is very good, given price.  I loaded some piano tutorial videos and they played well-- clear and sharp.I did have a problem with setting up wifi calling, but a late-night chat with an agent advised me that 911 was not setup. She did the setup and after I restarted the phone, I was able to make a wifi call.All-in-all, this is a great phone that should please most.  I would recommend this baby!

This phone is superb and a real testament to Nokia's greatness. Remember those old Nokia phones that everyone had in the 90's? You know, the ones that were great build quality and indestructible even though they were plastic? The ones that were so cheap it was easier to count how many of your friends DIDN'T have one? Well times have changed and we are in a smart phone world. Nokia almost died but they are once again making GREAT phones. This phone (and its 520 sibling on ATT) is a prime example.What is sooooo great about it you ask? Can a phone that I bought outright for $130 at the biggest discount chain in the world really be called GREAT? I believe it can, in the same sense that those old Nokia phones were GREAT.Those old Nokias were GREAT because they nailed 3 concepts. They nailed it on build quality, functionality for its intended purpose, and price. Let's compare these points one at a time.First up, they had GREAT build quality. Sure they were plastic and certainly weren't pretty but they were built solid and durable. I believe Nokia has done the same again with the Lumia 521. My experience tells me this phone is definitely solid and durable. About a day after I bought it I dropped it on a hard tile floor at a dept store. I didn't have a case or screen protector yet so I was really worried about my new phone. The back cover popped off and the battery flew out. The screen was face down. I picked it up and noticed the slightest dark scuff on the corner of the battery cover. I licked my finger and rubbed the dark scuff off. It was only dirt. To this day I can't find where that scuff was on the white cover. I did buy a case for it soon after but failed to buy a screen protector at the same time. I had the phone for about a month before I bought a screen protector. During that month I dropped it a few times. Each time the battery cover, case, and battery flew off. When I recently put a screen protector on I couldn't find any scratches on the screen. It looked like NEW! It didn't even have those little swirly micro scratches. I have since seen my screen protector get scratched (and self heal) multiple times and I have had it only about a week.Second, the old Nokia phones just worked and worked GOOD for basic functions. The Lumia 521 is for a new smart phone era and is required to do a lot more than the old Nokia bricks. But it does the basic smart phone functions very well. What are basic smart phone functions? Texting, email (multiple email services), Calendar (multiple online calendars), GPS navigation, Social Networks, Pictures, Music (streaming and local), Web, Most games, Phone and Speakerphone!!! Plus they are a lot more stable and less quirky than the Android alternatives, at least in my experience.Third, the old Nokias were cheap! Sure you could find other phones for the same price or cheaper but they failed miserably for build quality or basic functions. The Lumia 521 is a winner on this front. The total no-contract price you pay is cheaper than the on-contract down payment for a high end phone. It is cheaper than a month of service for many families and even some individuals. It hands down beats anything else for functionality at the price point. In fact I would rather have the Lumia 521 than a non-Lumia phone twice its price!Obviously I am enamored with my phone. Here are some things that surprised me about the Lumia 521:The camera: I really wasn't expecting much from the camera. I already had a Windows Phone 7.5 device with a 5 MP back side illuminated camera and a flash. I was expecting a downgrade because Nokia doesn't really claim anything special about the camera. And since there is no flash I thought it would be HORRIBLE. But I honestly like it better than the one on my previous phone. Nokia and MS have really done a good job with very little.The speakerphone: I have never owned a really high end phone but I have owned quite a few phones throughout the years, always getting a new one every 2 years at most. But the speaker volume and quality blew me away! I am very, very pleased! I have heard it isn't as good as a phone with BEATS audio but it sure blows away any other low to mid range phone my wife or I have owned in recent years.The touchscreen sensitivity: Nokia has done something really great with the touch screen on their latest smart phones, including the Lumia 521. They have introduced "Super Sensitive Touch" technology. What that means is you can use it with your gloves on. Now, I live in Texas and don't wear gloves in winter but I do ride a motorcycle and a bicycle. So I can just whip out my phone at a stop light and shoot off a quick text without taking my riding gloves off. Or I can mount it on the handlebar and easily use the GPS navigation or a fitness tracking app. I found that I get ghost touches sometimes with this feature turned on and I don't have gloves on. Fortunately, you can turn it off in settings when you know you won't be using it.Battery life: Windows phone has always touted good battery life. My HTC Radar 4G with WP7.5 lasted me the whole day most of the time, and that is saying a lot considering the intermittent signal I get in my work cubicle with all phones. When I first bought the Lumia 521 it had about the same battery life. But since the latest "GDR2" update the battery life absolutely ROCKS! I usually have about 40% charge left at the end of the day when I put it on the charger. My coworkers have to keep a charger at work with their Android phones.No SD card included: I consider this a good thing. This phone has a fair amount of built in memory and if you need more than that you most likely don't want the measly 2 or 4 GB card they would likely include with a low end phone like this. With this phone I don't have to pay for a card that I won't use. Instead, I can apply the money to a size that will meet my needs.All these things and more add up to the biggest bang for your buck in the smart phone world today. And for the price, you can afford to replace it if it gets lost, stolen, dropped in the pool, dropped in the toilet, dropped off a cliff, run over, vandalized, used as a hockey puck, slobbered on by your 1 year old, etc.  If you don't have one yet, go out and try one. You just might be surprised. If you have a high end phone, go out and buy one of these as a beater so you don't accidentally drop your precious $600 baby off the Ferris Wheel at the local fair. In conclusion, if you are reading this review you should probably just buy this phone and never look back.

For the cost, this phone is awesome! The only problems I have with the phone is it's a windows phone... So it doesn't have a fraction of the apps I am used to. Great camera, reasonable sized screen, screen shot features. It was worth the money!

Don't count on t-mobile to unlock it.  They have published unlocking conditions, but my experience suggests you can meet all their terms and they will still refuse to provide the unlocking code for this phone.

It is a very good phone for the price but get it from Microsoft store for only $69 and save some money. Also buy a good, sturdy case as the phone is too slippery.

I never expected to love this phone. I just wanted a GPS device and an MP3 player. I got both and more. Now I'm hoping for more app support cause I don't want to switch from the windows phone OS.

Hands down no question you won't find another phone with the build quality, manufacture support, a very powerful and fluid operating system, with an incredible bargain price then the Nokia Lumia 521. At this price a low in Android is buggy and cheaply build compare to the Lumia 521. This phone can be used as an in between phone and at the same time a primary phone.With Windows Phone ever expanding QUALITY app store, the "lack of apps" conversation is a thing of the past.

I am a simple T-mobile prepaid owner and my old Nokia finally gave up on me. All phones I could find needed a data plan, which I am not willing to buy. This phone doesn't require a data plan, which is awesome. It arrived in original packaging, incl SIM card, charger and cable to connect to my PC (must have Windows 7 or 8). My old SIM card was to big, so I had to use the new one that came with it. I could have called T-mobile, but I rather talk to some one face to face. I went to one of our T-mobile stores and asked if they could help me to upgrade my old sim to the new. They were very helpful and not only transfered my number, they even put my contacts back on. Awesome service! We bought a car charger from them, since we needed one for this phone and my Ipad anyway. The phone works great with my simple prepaid service and I can use my home WIFI and free Wifi everywhere else. I have to get used to the new set up etc, but everything works great. Love it!

This is one of the best celll phones that I  have purchased.  It exceeds my expectations.  Battery life is great. Easy to  use and get to know.  Nice phone for an senor.

It got here fast and I think this is a great value for the money.  The only issue I have as I learn more about what the phone can and cannot do, is that the manual that comes with it is very brief.  One has to go online or call T-Mobile to get assistance in figuring things out.  I must say that the techs at T-Mobile are hit or miss with their knowledge base, and they need to get more educated about the phone.  A T-Mobile rep wanted me to re-install the system when all I needed was an adjustment, one that is normally within the phone settings.  I suggest using Nokia's website rather than using T-Mobile for information.

not too costly, supports most features required in a SMART phone and battery life is decent to say the least.

My Daughter wanted another phone she goes through them like they're going outa style except I am trying to teach her to take care of what she has nice phone.....

My first smart phone and I'm having so much fun!  It's especially easy for anyone already using a Windows operating system. The only problem I'm having is with the camera.  I would have liked a more in-depth tutorial.

It is a very good smart phone. If you are looking for an affordable one, nokia is on top with this Model.Pros:Cheap, Good Call Quality, Offline Maps for navigation, Nokia Music, Good GPS, Good sound QualityCons:Not much ! except the casing, it would be great if the casing had been of metal but you can't get a metal casing in the price that you are paying haha

Good product, met my expectation. I recommend it, Good price, Good quality. I like it, Thank you very much. !

This is a Great phone for the price! It is a great updated smartphone with access to all the apps I love.

I've moved to this phone from a Samsung Exhibit 4G running Android 2.3. Not the latest Gen but definitely not 1st gen.I wanted a change, and better Android phones were out of my price range (so was the IPhone). I have a Mac, use Windows 7, and also have an IPad. So I can say I have some experience with almost all of the OS.I've used the phone for about a week and half and am quite happy with it. None of the competitors offer anything as well designed, sturdy, speedy, at this price level.Pros:The HERE navigate app is excellent. You download the data for your state or current location and does not depend on your data connection which saves you download limits. The navigation was spot on, and the roads seemed up-to-date. I liked it better than the google navigation app available on Android 2.3. It actually seemed more up-to-date in terms of the network. However, Google maps is far better at locating points of interest. There is a new pizza restaurant around the corner. Google Maps had it instantly, HERE does not even show up.This phone is responsive and fast. It takes a little getting used to because it manages applications differently. I didn't find a Task Manager, so you have to back out of applications to close them. Not better, just different. The battery life is really good. I had wifi on and used it moderately for 2 1/2 days without draining it. I would have to charge my Android phone daily (it is also a couple of years old). It comes with 4gb of storage is better than the 400 mb on my phone, and both have room to expand with an Micro SD Card. I don't think you can install apps on the sd card on Windows Phone 8 but I'm not sure.It's just kind of fun to use. I think the Tiles are a really nice UI, and simple to work with. Everything is right there for you. I imagine you can modify Android phones to do this as well, but the change is nice.Cons:I didn't think the lack of flash would bother me, but it does. I'm surprised there isn't one given that Nokia is focusing on camera's in the phone. Nothing I can really do about that.The apple app store has by far the largest selection of apps. Most of the big ones are on Android too. Windows Store lags behind. In some ways this is advantage, because it isn't bloated with a lot of crap Apps like the Apple store. Some of the ones I wish were there but haven't found: NPR, NBA, politico, official google apps (e.g. youtube). All the social media ones are there (Facebook and Twitter). I don't use instagram but I saw they have a beta app. This is because of market share. Companies are better served making apps for phones that make up 90% of the market. The apps I have found are generally pretty good, though. If there is an app that you can't live without, chances are it is not on the Windows Phone.I would recommend this phone to anyone looking for a phone at this price range.Update:I would still recommend the phone, but now that I've used it longer I have some other comments. With the most recent update, they have made it easier to exit out of applications. Holding the back button gives you a screen grab of each open application and a little X in the corner to close it.The web browser kit on this phone is not the greatest. It is based on IE, and sometimes it renders pages funny and locks up. There are some other browsers available, but I wish Firefox would put their mobile version on Windows phone.The phone does have trouble reconnecting to the network after it has been lost. I was in a couple of places this past week that lost the network, but when I was back within range the phone didn't update. I had to turn off the phone or enter flight mode to get it back.A minor annoyance - the voice mail requires you to turn up the phone volume to hear it. I would think that it would automatically do this.

Great phone for the money! Only con is there aren't many main stream apps.

I don't know why i expected it to be, but i did. I returned the phone, good phone, just not for me.

I bought this phone for a very specific purpose; wifi calling.  I'm one of those legacy Tmo customers stuck in a contract, the only problem is that I get no reception at work, so rather than pay the $200 cancellation fee and go to a more expensive carrier I bought the 521 to use the wifi calling app.  After some working things out I finally got it to work and now am pleased with the phone.Here are the steps I had to take:1. Enable wifi calling for my account on tmobile.com2. Update my 911 location in my account settings on tmobile.com.After those two steps I turned the App on, switched to &#34;wifi calling preferred&#34; and it works like a charm.

I'm glad I didn't get sucked in to a $600 plus smart phone.  This little Nokia  512 is one of the neatest gadgets I have, and believe me, I'm a gadget hound.  $99 was a good price, as they sell for $149 plus tax at T-Mobile, so I saved at least $50.  Love the Nokia Lumia 512!

The charger for the device broke after only five weeks.  I contacted Nokia customer service.  They wanted me to send the charger back to Texas for evaluation.  The problem is this type of device needs to be charged almost daily.  I asked Nokia to send me a replacement charger so that I can use while they work on the old one. I was told this type of charger was out of stock and they had to fix the old one and then give it back to me.  I was told that they did not have any local service stores for the charger and the only service center was in Texas.  I bought the device from Nokia store at Amazon.com and offered to provide the order number.  I was told Nokia does not use that information and I need to provide other form of proof of purchase.  I was told to provide detailed information about the purchase and myself and package the charger properly before sending to protect it from damage.  Considering the charger is properly worth no more than a few dollars, the time, money and effort to fix the charger is just too much.  Nokia is disappointing.

I love it. It has everything I need being a first time smartphone user myonly problem was accessing the tv-mobile with tmobile other than that I love the phoneand yes I would recommend this phone and I also love the price

very good price for a smart phone.I bought the same model about 8 months ago, but now the power switch is barely working. wifi calling keeps taking over at home and prevents multimedia messaging.other points: wp is not as efficient as iphone; needs reboot more often (just like PC's).

I bought the no contract T-Mobile 521 and was told the GPS is independant of cell service i.e it works like a 'regalar' GPS unit. Well how come it is not working?I put the SIM card in, turn it on and the Maps app is empty. Also be aware that the phone use the mini SIM card so I can transfer my current SIM over.Wasted my $$ for nothing on this unit!

This Windows phone is reasonably priced, and is bought without the requirement of a contract with T-Mobile.If you want phone minutes without a data plan, you can opt for that. Then use Wi-Fi for data where available. This makes the Nokia Lumia a great device at a good price. You will love it too!

The Lumia 521 is a great phone for its price... but it's a $100 smartphone, and corners were very obviously cut. If you're a first time smartphone buyer, you may not know what you're missing, but if you're a Android (Nexus) or iOS user, you'll definitely feel the downgrade.I've had the device for about three months now, and I'd like to share my observations.Pros:+The WP8 layout/style is appealing+Performance/responsiveness is solid (especially compared to Android devices)+Idle/low-use battery life is great+Nokia Music offers ad-free streaming music+Nice physical construction+Simple, expandable storage+Live tiles bring the best elements of widgets into a sane formatCons:-Screen is mediocre (resolution and viewing angles are tolerable/sufficient, but not great; a little small; poor contrast/black levels)-App support is extremely lacking (and free apps are generally ad-riddled)-Internet Explorer/UC Browser can't handle large/multiple web pages, and Opera Mini isn't available-Music/podcasting support is very poor (no gapless playback, regardless of app; no playback speed adjustment; built-in podcast support is weak and other podcast apps cannot automatically update; playlist support needs to improve)-Lack of Google services/support, even using Internet Explorer-Scrolling vertically through the homescreen to get to apps/live tiles is cumbersome-Multitasking is quite limited; most apps require a lengthy resume process upon switching-Active/moderate usage drains battery fast (note that there's a bug in Internet Explorer that will let it keep running scripts even if it is closed)-There's a dedicated hardware Bing! buttonWishlist: I'd love for Microsoft to offer some better app organization (e.g., horizontally scrolling hub-style home screen), a better core media app (gapless playback, simplified design, sane podcast management), and switch the search button back to fast, context-sensitive searches (with a long-press for full Bing) in WP8.1.Overall: I'm using the Lumia 521 primarily for media playback (while at the gym or on the go) and as a quick-reference second screen, and it's mostly fine for those purposes (with the caveats listed above). It's a huge step down from iOS in terms of apps, though -- not only are games right out, but banking apps, city services (paying parking meter fare, etc.), hobby/website apps, GMail, Pulse, Opera Mini and the like are also unavailable and the closest equivalents/workarounds are a tremendous downgrade. Overall, I'm still happier with the 521 than I've been with any non-Nexus Android phone/tablet I've owned, and I may very well make it my main phone/portable device if supplemented with a tablet (probably an iPad Mini).In summary, if you're unwilling to spend more than $100 for a smartphone (and can't find a used iPhone 4 or better for that price), the Lumia 521 is the device to get. Just note that it's a big step down from high-end devices (iPhone 4 or better, Nexus 4, HTC One, Galaxy S4/Note 3) and the app ecosystem is much, much worse than what you'd find on iOS or Android.

I bought this for 69.99 :) that is a smashingly sweet price for a phone of this quality and functionality. Unfortunately the price has gone up but even at $75 it is still quite sweet. It is a bit bulky at the back and well suited for fans of windows 8.

It shipped very fast. I got this phone in 3 days. The phone is very neat and has a very attractive interface. It's easy and simple to use.

Phone came fast, 2-3 days. Brand new in box. This is a T-Mobile phone, but I bought it to use with the Wal-Mart Family Plan. Installed SIM card (I had to look up the user guide for correct installation of the SIM card because the quick instructions were not clear at all.) Bam! Works like a champ. I just have to get used to the Windows 8 format/apps. I was looking for an inexpensive replacement for a $70 phone and this was a little bit more, but definitely more phone for the money. Good buy.

I love this phone, only i guess that windows  market would be more big

Great phone for the price.

I bought 2 of these phones for my parents so they could have a smart phone.  They don't use their phones a whole lot so I didn't want to get something like an iphone (which I have and paid $600 for...and incidentally just died after 14 months so I'm pissed!)  Anyways, I digress.  This phone for the price is truly amazing.  It does everything my iphone does.  Why am I paying so much for my stupid iphone when I could do all the same things on this phone?  Well, it doesn't support some of the games I play, but how lame is that? lol!  This phone really does do everything though.  I'm really happy with this purchase and my parents really like the phones.

Phone is very simple to use, however if you are transferring your data from smart phone to Windows phone it is very complicated.  I took the Phone to T-Mobil Corporate store and they were unable to transfer the data. Even they at the Corporate store gave this phone bad reviews.  I end up returning the phone and bought Android phone.

like the heading says, the phone itself is awesome. just received mine yesterday and i cant put it down. for some reason, i wanted to look it up on Microsoft to compare pricing and was shock to see that you can purchase this EXACT Tmobile phone directly from Microsoft for $69.99. Microsoft also list the phones value as 99.99 original. amazon through Cellular specialty list the phone at 149.99 original and sell it anywhere from 89.95 to 113.97 as of right now (just looked). basically the fact that the pricing is nowhere near as competitive as buying directly from Microsoft makes this phone a one star worthy device. BUY AT Microsoft and you will SAVE $20-40! what a rip off!

Got this phone for my 12 year old for his first phone.  He did not want a windows phone, but really likes this one!

I got this phone for my mother, she previously was using a WP7 phone and was limited to the applications on it. Now Since she has this one which is a WP8 she pretty much has accessibility to all the big applications like on the other smartphones. It also comes with a really great turn-by-turn navigation application plus the 4g is really fast.The only bad thing I don't like about this phone is the feel of it being too lite and feels like it's extremely easy to break. Also powering on the phone takes a while as well to get to the main screen.Other than that the phone is fast and has a really smooth running interface. Highly recommend this phone especially for starting up.

Great phone. I was really surprised how nice it was for the price it is the best deal ever. That is all I can say.

I haven't used anything except texting and the phone but I absolutely Love it!!To add someone as a speed dial situation, you have to add them and then Pin them!It will show up on the very bottom of your Windows... I am still not used to this phone,but very classy cool indeed!!D

I purchased this phone 7 months ago as a primary phone for my wife.  At first, I was impressed with the features vs price.  It quickly became evident why this phone is so cheap.  The problems started showing up quickly, and only got worse with time.  As t mobile has poor coverage at our home, wifi calling was crucial for this phone to work.  First, windows phone OS is not capable of MMS over wifi calling.  This may not matter to some people, but we like to exchange pictures with friends and relatives, and this is not possible over wifi calling with this phone.  Issue 2, also related to wifi calling.  Frequent dropped calls, poor call quality, etc.  Sometimes the calls were great, sometimes very bad.  As time continued, another problem with wifi calling came up.  When you would leave the house and return, the phone would refuse to reconnect to wifi calling(while connected to the network fine) and would show no signal.  The phone required a hard reset to resolve the issue.  As for the good, the camera is ....ok.  The phone is fairly durable.  Battery life is great.  I have always had a great love for nokia phones because of their call quality and durability.  This phone has lost me for nokia permanently.  Maybe the problems are all related to windows 8, I am not certain.  We have since upgraded to a Samsung Galaxy Light, and guess what?  It works!  And it works really well at that.  Not sure why we stuck with this dud for so long.  Maybe if you have excellent t mobile coverage and no need for wifi calling, this phone could work for you as a budget entry level smart phone.  As for me, I think this will be my last nokia.

I picked up a 521 because of the price and curiosity. FYI it uses a micro sim.  I run mine on Simple Mobile 4G. What's nice are overall size and feel, fits nice in the hand. Functions are smooth but not very fast. The spoiler here is my other phone is 4G LTE.  I had an wifi only update which was painfully slow which is typical Microsoft.Overall I like it, will keep it for a backup phone and an occasional break from android.

For the price, this phone really offer exceptional quality, I've dropped this phone twice (heart ache) and I was surprise it did not break! (Just a small bump) The touch screen is super sensitive (way more than my 2nd generation iPad 2), a nice loud speaker and a impressive 5MP camera (the only bad this is the shutter speed, some photos can be blurry, you would need to play with the exposure and ISO settings) and the Windows Phone 8 operative system is fantastic, If you're not really centre in having billions of apps, then give WP 8 a chance. This is my first windows phone device and I'm totally upgrading to a Nokia Lumia 925 next year!

I'm using Nokia for many years and have model LUMIA 521 yen a year, it works without problems now bought another for a gift for a friend. It is a pity that there is no flash lamp s but for the price it is difficult to'd expect all the accessories.

I love this phone! Probably the best windows phone I've ever had. Definitely much better than our Android phone. Highly recommended.

Good phone, long pin as Nokia products. I read many comments said that bad phone. I don't think so. Try!

I bought myself this phone for Christmas. It's a beaut. Setup was quick and intuitive, activation was free, and despite the limited availability of apps compared to Droid or iPhone, so far I haven't had trouble finding anything I want. As a reluctant newcomer to the smartphone scene, I'm sold.Windows phone OS is gorgeous. Everything works like I would want it to. All my inboxes are in the same place: so convenient. Despite the reviews complaining about screen resolution, my 20/15 vision can't detect any inferiority whatsoever. YouTube videos play flawlessly on the WiFi, which is very fast. In short, I love the phone, I love that it was only a hundred dollars, and I have nothing bad to say about it.

I purchased the Nokia Lumia 521 to get into the world of Windows Phone App development, but have found that I quickly need to get out.THE GOOD:* The phone is fast. With half the processor of the Android phone it was replacing, it still feels like a hardware upgrade.* The interface is intuitive - the tiles afford no explanation to figure out what each one does. It's very easy to use this phone.* The price is good.* T-mobile wifi calling.* Sturdy construction; this phone should last you for a while.THE BAD:* Apps. There aren't any really good ones.* The ability to make apps on this phone has been CRIPPLED with the version 8 update.- Do you want to record a phone call? You can no longer do that because Microsoft makes it so that you can't access the microphone while in the middle of a call.- Do you want to build an app that manages wireless connections? Too bad - the wireless interface is completely inaccessible form code.- Do you want to change your default keyboard? Sorry - Microsoft says you have to stick with theirs.* No flash (camera and browser), but already knew that before buying.* Try plugging your phone into your Windows 8 computer with the Windows 8 Phone app up while an sd card is plugged into your phone... oh, you aren't allowed to access the phone while an sd card is in use? I have to turn off my phone and use an sd card reader just to get images off my card.* Wifi calling does not switch between wifi and cell zones as seamlessly as the Android app does. It takes nearly a full minute once you've left wifi coverage before the app will give up and switch you back to cell coverage.* EDIT: When wifi calling is enabled, you cannot receive MMS (multi-media messages). They won't download properly, and t-mo won't let you change the bad settings to get them (this is a wifi calling app problem with t-mobile). Every time the download of the MMS fails, you receive a new text alert even though you don't have a new message.THE UGLY:* Google is blocking access to the API key that Microsoft uses for the Youtube app, making the default youtube application unusable. Google - you don't make an API key and then complain when someone uses data from it to build an app. Microsoft - you don't change Google's advertising code provided by the API. Both companies - get your act together!!!THE BOTTOM LINE:I highly recommend this phone if you want a fast little smart phone capable of calling, browsing the web, and staying connected with friends. If you are a power user that wants to record calls, do massive amounts of texting, or build your own applications - the iOS and Android platforms are leaps and bounds beyond what Windows is even capable of doing. Until Microsoft gives developers the ability to create powerful and usable apps on their platform, the Windows Phones will forever be in the realm of low-end smartphones that aren't capable of reaching the complexity and power provided by the iOS and Android platforms.Final rating - 2 stars. Unusable for my needs, but may serve others' well enough. I miss my Android phone...

I got it for free with a service renewal, and I desperately miss my Droid. There are almost NO apps that match the ones I used regularly with my old phone, and the microphone is so sensitive that while I am trying to voice text, it picks up other people's conversations or radio in the background that is not even very loud. I use Square for my business (the little white cube that plugs in so you can accept credit cards from customers) and can not use it on this phone. I also can't get apps to most the places I shop, so no coupons with just a couple of swips of a finger. WiFi is iffy, and often fails to find information because &#34;Data could not be reached at this time&#34; in places I never had problems accessing wifi in the past. It's a pain to use, and didn't transfer the info from my old phone into this one as it said it would, so I ended up losing a LOT of info in the process. If you are looking for a phone for actual phone calls, texting and checking Facebook (if it will connect), you should be okay with this phone, but if you actually want good apps, stick with a droid or iPhone...it's worth the extra money. I can't wait for this year to be over so I can get rid of this thing.

The only con so far has been the ability to sync Google calendar.  As far as windows...  Love it!!  The phone is quick and works perfect!  Would highly recommend!

I can go on and on with a big list of pros and cons, but honestly, buying this Lumia 521 is a simple decision. Let me save you the trouble reading countless reviews. These are the four big points you would need to know.1) If APPS are important to you, do not get this phone. I went from Blackberry to Android to iOS. If you value apps, get an Android or iOS.2) If having a good camera is important to you, do not get this phone. With no flash, 5 megapixels, and subpar picture quality you will not be happy if taking picture is important to you.3) If price is a factor, then this is a no brainer. You will NOT be able to find another smartphone with the amount of features for $100 (less or more depending on where you buy it). Mid range smartphones start around $250 if you go the android route and you will find nothing in the $100 range to compare to this phone.4) Offline GPS and free music streaming. This is extremely important to people who don't want a data plan. You can use the GPS (it downloads the map to your phone) without a data connection and you can also stream free music at no charge (wifi or data plan needed).That's basically it after these 4 points, this smartphone can do pretty much anything the higher end phones can do for $100.

The Nokia Lumia 521 is an amazing device that is simple to use, yet elegant enough to do complex tasks. I LOVE IT!!!

Needed a phone for an emergency (my Galaxy SIII died), this has been great and the price unbeatable. recommend it!

I love this phone. I bought it for my daughter as her first cell phone. The price is amazing for all you get with this phone! I own an iPhone but find myself playing with this phone all the time! Very impressed!

I asked to buy a Nokia Lumia 521 Black and unlocked and sent me a white and locked nokia, I want to return this because I now ask cellular equivalent to U.S. $ 69.80 to purchase a code and unlock.No how good is because I can not use applications

The phone is pretty nice. Still figuring it out but i will get it. thank you very much for the phone.

Ive had several phones and so far this is great for the price. Only drawback is no forward camera

I purchased this phone as an entry device into the Windows Phone 8 mobile OS and so far I am not disappointed. I can't believe the amount of good free apps that was included with the phone. Nokia Music pretty much grants me free offline music and Nokia Here Maps is a surprisingly nice and detailed offline GPS app. You can download the maps and then access the GPS offline. (Great for those on prepaid and don't have an extensive data allotment) Currently only gripe about this phone is the lack on internal storage available for apps. Although it has a microsd expansion slot, you cannot move apps to the the sdcard. The microsd card is only used to house your media (music, videos, pictures, etc.) After I installed &#34;Halo: Spartan Assault&#34; I was pretty much left with little to no space for other apps.

In these days of having to outright buy a phone that costs several hundred dollars, or pay that same amount or more over time in a cellular contract, this phone is a true breath of fresh air!  I admit I was extremely skeptical because of the price, but I have been very pleasantly surprised with its performance.  Phone calls are very clear, the speakerphone is terrific, texting, email and Facebooking are a snap.  I never even have to take my phone out of my pocket in the car: it reads me my texts and transcribes my replies through the Bluetooth!  I couldn't do that with my Android.Being able to actually open a Microsoft Word or Excel document may be of significant value to some as well.  This is a great feature!  I use the Notes feature a lot, and it is very easy to organize...you can even make check boxes, numbering or bullet points quite simply.  The battery lasts longer than I would have expected also (two days for me), and you can also buy replacement batteries.  The camera is pretty fantastic, even though it does not have a flash.While the Windows app store is certainly limited compared to Apple's or even those available for Android, it is growing.  If you're an app addict, this may not be the phone for you - just yet.  However, if your main list of priorities is a phone that works well for smartphone functions, save yourself a bunch of money and buy this one (I just bought another for my husband)!

A windows 8 smart phone for this price is IMHO a steal. I got 3 of them as gifts for Xmas for my family. Vry good camera, and very functional smart phone. All you need and more. Nokia has very good online support, with a bunch of videos to walk everyone who can see, with all they need to know about getting the most from this phone.

For the price, you won't find a better phone. It's packed with features. One of the best is that it seems to have a real wifi router that allows sharing and networking between up to 8 clients. The router hands out inside IP addresses and creates a wireless LAN of its own. The phone audio is superior, the speakerphone works very well, it has an FM radio that works great.  To copy files to or from it you just plug it into the computer via a USB cable and it looks like any other USB file system. There is NO computer software (e.g. itunes) required.  It will charge from any USB port or a charger.  Management of multiple email accounts is trivially easy as each one becomes just its own square on the desktop.That said, I'm going to tell you all the things it will NOT do that I would wish it could, knowing everyone else will tell you what it WILL do.It is simply not as reliable and stable as my Blackberry 9700.  The 521 uses Windows 8 phone and while it is feature rich, apps or system features frequently quit or crash unexpectedly, and some phone features such as wifi calling will spontaneously lock out. All of these problems have ultimately been solvable by turning off the phone and restarting it or pulling the battery.  If I were Microsoft, I would aim to improve robustness and reliability ahead of features, but unfortunately that's not what sells.As another reviewer observed, the screen DOES attract and hold grime and slime seemingly more easily than other such devices.  This can be fixed by applying Rainx.  Remember, put the Rainx on an applicator or cloth first and the touch that to the phone.  Never apply a liquid directly.  I did this and the screen stays much cleaner, is easier to clean, and even feels smoother.No sync from Outlook via USB cable. I've tried everything including third party software and nothing works.No retry for failed messages.  It tries to send text and email messages ONCE and that's it.  My Blackberry 9700 would retry many times, typically succeeding in the most marginal of conditions, where one was in and out of coverage or in a very weak area.  This phone tries ONCE and that's it.  A major flaw since I had come to depend on automatic retries for messaging because I am often in marginal coverage.There is no customization of sounds except the ring for the phone, and that is size limited.  You cannot have custom sounds for other alerts such as text or email messages.There is no program for sending SMS using a PC program or a keyboard. Note, I have not tried to pair the phone with a bluetooth keyboard but that might work.There is NO user-facing camera for &#34;selfies.&#34;The shutter release is delayed - you have to press the shutter button 1-3 seconds ahead of when you plan to have the picture taken.There is no USB tethering - only wifi as mentioned above, and that works very well.Stopping the music from playing requires you to pause the player indefinately or use an app named &#34;stop the music.&#34;It has only buttons for volume (up and down), on/off, and camera.  I wish there were dedicated phone call and end buttons.It has no ability to detect holstering or unholstering.  Unlike a Blackberry, which comes alive when it gets drawn from its holster, the 521 requires you to press the ON button before you can do anything, unless you leave it screen ON and unlocked, which causes the screen to stay on and draw much more power while holstered.While it includes a calendar and contact manager (the people hub) which syncs with Microsoft's cloud, it has no &#34;todo&#34; list feature.  You can get DejaOffice for contacts, calendars, tasks, and memos and sync with Outlook.Smart phones have gone from being phones with some smarts to computers that are small and include a phone function. I had been using a Blackberry 9700 which I still like, and it clearly was the former. The 521 with W8P clearly is the latter.  While I still CAN go back to the Blackberry, many of the 521's features such as the built in wifi router for tethering and ease of managing multiple email accounts are very compelling.For the price, you could consider it a learning experience, even if after trying it you ended up giving the thing away.  If you did not use it as a phone, it will still work as a wifi connected tablet, which is not necessarily true of other similar products.

I LIKE IT STILL TRYING TO LEARN IT, WITHOUT THE BOOK IT IS HARD, THE BOOK WOULD HELP,  IT IS OK.

The price and product was perfect for a birthday present for someone who doesn't care to have a real fancy phone but needed something easier to text on and use a couple apps.

I have the 520, which is essentially the 521.By far, the best low cost, no contract phone I've used.  Win8 is much faster than I expected with no lag.Also runs all of the new Windows apps, unlike the no contract Androids that are running 2 year old "Honeycomb" that cannot run new Android software.Overall, great hardware for the price.

Oh this phone is a great deal!!!! its an excellent phone for the price. If you havn't tried windows phone like myself this phone is great for starters. Not to be confused with basic features. This phone is excellent. There are a few things I would warn you about though. BUY A CASE!!! I bought a case with mines I would recommend www.amazon.com/dp/B00DUAOZU8/ref=pe_385040_30332190_TE_M3T1_ST1_dp_1 I went to metro pcs before I bought this phone to toy around with their floor model and i noticed it was flat white and the phone itself can be easily scratched up and become filthy quick! That particular case fits great i love it. The phone doesnt have a rotation lock and this can be quite frustrating when your laying down trying to use ure phone unlike my ipad. Overall I LOVE THIS PHONE i was sceptical about getting it because I heard alot of mixed messages but I LOVE IT!!!! IF URE THINKING ABOUT GETTING THIS PHONE GET IT!!!

I have a tmobile family plan and I purchased this for myself. My husband has an iPhone, but I couldn't justify the price. I need a phone to call, text, and give me directions when I need them. This phone seems to fit the bill.When I received the package I opened it and realized that my current SIM card was not the same size as the nokia. I went to Tmobile and they activated the new SIM card and transferred all data from the old SIM card and turned on my new phone. Well, it wouldn't go past the Tmobile screen. The rep said he hoped I saved my receipt. I was disappointed, not only my first smartphone, but my first phone purchased from Amazon.  I took the phone home turning it off and on and hoping for a different outcome. I searched comments for freezing and FAQ on Nokia website. I was about to do a hard reset and plugged it in. While I was searching online my phone starting making noises. Apparently all it needed was a little charging. It has worked well since then.Now I am getting an error message that there may be something wrong with the SIM card, but it has not affected performance.Overall, I am happy with my purchase.

Are you on T-Mobile and stuck with a Windows Phone 7 device?  Do you want to move to Windows Phone 8.1 without being stuck in a two-year plan?  This is the phone for you.For less than what I can get a Windows Phone 8.1 device on Craigslist, I can have a brand-new Lumia 521.  In fact, because I'm on a five-line family plan, I can have everyone on my plan upgraded to Windows 8.1.Now, $80 a phone is not insignificant a sum.  However, I find that being able to be free of multi-year contracts is worth it.  How about you?

I really love the phone, for this price its a deal! While I like the phone there is something about the package as a whole which I personally don't like. You have seen those awesome headphones with Lumia which is not included along with this purchase. Surprised? So was I when I dint find them. When I checked with T-Mobile I was told this was done on purpose! So watch out, T-Mobile  took your headphones away so that you buy it separately as an accessory from their store.

Ordered this phone for my wife. Worked fine for the first couple weeks, then increasingly failed to respond to input and required restarts. Now two days after the return period expired it fails to power up at all.

Background: I am not a techie, just a regular person. Previously owned the T-Mobile G2 for about 2 years. I was trying to decide between the Nokia Lumia 521 and the Samsung Galaxy Exhibit, and ended up getting the Exhibit due to familiarity of the Android system. After a few days, I bought the Nokia due to the touchscreen not being responsive.Nokia PROS:---The ability to uninstall pre-loaded apps you don't want!---Extremely customizable! I love playing with the different options.---High internal memory limit. I don't even think I need this 8gb micro-sd card anymore.---Really good battery life---Even though there's no flash, the pictures come out pretty clear and are automatically adjusted for light---Microsoft Office mobile!---Very responsive touchscreen, fast processing, and wonderful interface overall!Nokia CONS:---Having to switch to a micro-SIM card makes testing out different phones impossible---No option to turn off auto-rotate, which can be annoying if you lay in bed---No weekly view for the calendar---There is no backlight for the 3 controls (back, home, search) when using it at night, you just have to fumble around.---WINDOWS APP STORE! I am really a Google/Android fan. This is like a downgrade, but it's not the end of the world.I really like this phone, I just don't know if I can get with the Windows world.

Very good phone. Durable and is an easily adaptable phone. The only things its missing is apps to SD and swipe texting. Nice integration with Xbox.

Excellent phone at a low price, Windows OS is the best I&#34;ve used, and the app store has plenty of stuff.  Buy it.

I'M AN ANDROID USER, BUT NEEDED A ECONOMICAL SECOND PHONE; I STUMBLED INTO THIS ONE ON SALE AND LOVED IT!!!! VERY POWERFULL & USER FRIENDLY!!!

This is a great phone to have if you're looking for something to just make calls and watch videos. I was surprise of how loud the speakers got when I first got it. I really enjoyed this phone and plan to make it last for at least a year before thinking of switching.

Great phone, but the camera doesn't have a flash and without the battery save mode, the battery goes flat within a day.  Also within 2 month's use, the phone blacked out completely.  Could not revived it and finally had to resort to removing the battery, sim chip and reinstalling everything.  Crossing my fingers that this was the last of having it completely shut down!

love it, because it comfortable and easy to used, lighter, wide screen, wifi, and many apps, great music and comara

This is my first smart phone and so far I am happy with it. While it may not have all the apps offered by Apple and Android, it's still great to finally have internet and GPS wherever I go. Great value!

This is an okay phone to purchase if you want something simple with not a lot of apps on it. Listen up people!!! This is a WINDOWS phone not an Android Phone. If your are looking for a phone with all the apps, purchase an Android or Apple phone. Just giving you a heads up!

It's a little hard to you. Having to go through several screens to make or take a call is tough. It seems I rarely make it to the phone on time. But you can't make a butt call. And for a cheap phone it has a lot of features. A good value.

Let me cut to the chase here. You can't get a better new smartphone at this price without contract. It works well, the OS is fluid, the phone looks good and is cheap, period. You can't go wrong with this price. Highly recommended.

I got this phone for my wife and teenage son for Christmas and am in love with it.PROS:Best value that I found for following Apps:  Phone, Text, email, Internet Access, MapsIt is six times less expensive than super phones like iPhone 5c and is many times better than my Blackberry Torch.Its web browser is really fastIt has WiFi phone calling in addition to T MobileEasy to use. Adjustable size screen iconsEasy to import existing contacts via online Windows Live accountCONS:None known for our App needs as listed in the PROs comments.  I can't comment about entertainment apps (games, music, TV, movies) because we don't use them

I brought this product for my mother for her birthday.. She loves it so I love it.. its user friendly and easy to use

it works smoothly and its fast. excellent for a cheap phone. just like the windows 8 OS, there is VERY limited customization compared to other phone OS's such as Android or Apple. I gave it to my older brother as a gift and he loves it.

This is a great phone, if only I was able to receive a signal. My old Android phone always had a full signal, but this guy receives no signal at all. It only does it while I'm at work. It gets a strong signal everywhere else. But I spend nine hours at work. If I can't get a signal for nine consecutive hours this really is not a good phone for me. What makes it weird is that I haven't changed providers, only phones. Why would that make a difference? It's a bummer, too. Because it is an awesome phone otherwise. Great features, easy to use...

okay. So this is the real deal. bought the phone at target and with tmboile 50$ plan. Its OK for it's price. here are the prosPROS:Good for price.Looks and feels good in hand.Phone signal is decent.Volume is ok.Have never drop a call on me.Overall this phone is good. It does what it does. Txting is good. The keypad is good! as good as my 4th gen ipod! The camera is better than my ipod too!Cons.Now what i dont like about this phone is that the BATTERY LIFE SUCKS. Even when its full and im not using it, it loses life really fast. So shutting it down is recommended but turning it back on is a pain in the butt! There's been more than one time when the lumia would just shut donw it self and then it would fail to turn back on no matter how many times i turn it on! Its been a few weeks that this hasn;t happen(ive own it for 3 and a half month).Another things is it is low on apps, which doesnt bother me at all.FB app(for those who likes) is really bad. Scrolling down newsfeed is so annoying! Just flicking the screen sometmes will take you to a fb page that you havent seen before! fiX!

I was looking for a phone that works with 4G and found this one to be the best below 100$. Many apps are not yet available on Windows phone.

I need the phone only occasionally.we have laptops and galaxy tablet in home. So I was looking for a smartphone that I would only on road, that too occasionally for browsing. The phone has all the needy features. And the brandname Nokia  , on which we rely a lot.so far, no problem with the phone.One thing to mention, if you use the phone on a pay by day plan like myself, change the settings to airplane mode on the days you are not using. Otherwise,  I found my balance on phone getting reduced.

The phone is well laid out, and the Windows OS works fine.One caveat.  There are many accessories advertised for the Lumia 521 that don't fit it.  Some that say for 520 and 521 also, don't usually fit the 521.

Easy to use, responsive, more detail and depth. Everything an iPhone lacks. I can already see using his phone for several years. Plus, on the T-Mobile network,  only pay $5 a day (When I use it). Bargain.

I have nothing bad to say about the phone, it does every thing i need it to do. its real easy to use

When you see a smartphone available on the for $97, you might think that it would be something horrible that would fall apart after a month or it would be so slow and crashy that it would be unusable&#8230; unless it&#8217;s a Nokia Windows Phone. I went ahead and ordered the budget friendly Nokia Lumia 521 to see how it works. Not only is this Nokia Lumia 521 a really great deal, but there are a few things that actually put it above some of the higher end smartphones out there.SpecsThe Lumia 521 is basically a T-Mobile USA version of the Nokia Lumia 520 (which is now the best selling Windows Phone worldwide). It has a Qualcomm Snapdragon S4 dual-core processor running at 1GHz with 512MB of RAM and 8 Gigs of internal storage. That&#8217;s not very much so you&#8217;ll have to pay attention to what apps you install. Fortunately, there is a MicroSD card slot that will allow you to add up to 64 Gigs of extra storage for music, videos, and photos.The 512 Megs of RAM is also a bit limiting as there are certain apps that you won&#8217;t be able to install. These include many high-end games as well as Zinio&#8217;s magazine reader for some reason.The phone&#8217;s size is 4.9 x 2.5 x 0.4 inches and weighs only 4.4 ounces. The 4 inch WVGA screen seems small by today&#8217;s standards, but that&#8217;s a good thing for one handed usage. In fact, the Lumia 521 is very well designed when it comes to one-handed ergonomics. The thickness and shape make the phone much more comfortable to hold than the extra large extra thin devices that are so popular. You can actually hold and use the Lumia 521 comfortably and that&#8217;s very refreshing to see.HardwareThe design of the Nokia Lumia 521 is not terribly impressive or innovative, but that&#8217;s not a bad thing. The plastic battery cover wraps all around to the front of the screen for extra drop protection. In fact, while the plastic certainly isn&#8217;t premium quality, the build quality feels very solid and rugged. Like most Nokia phones, it feels like it could take a fall and keep on going.At the top you&#8217;ve got the handset speaker along with some sensors, there is no front facing camera, but Skype will still work. You just have to point the rear camera into a bathroom mirror. Then you&#8217;ve got a 4 inch WVGA screen which isn&#8217;t very impressive. Outdoor visibility suffers a bit too, but it is still usable with gloves on. At the bottom are the usual Windows Phone capacities buttons for search, start screen, and back.On the right side there&#8217;s a series of plastic buttons protruding from the edge for activating the camera, power, and volume up or down. The buttons are easy to find with your fingers and they&#8217;ve got great tactile feedback.On the bottom there&#8217;s the micro USB port for charging and syncing.The left side has nothing but plastic.On the top is the 3.5-millimeter headset jack.On the back is the 5 megapixel camera and speaker hole. There is no flash so you&#8217;ll only want to use the camera outdoors with a good amount of light.nder the battery cover you&#8217;ll find the fairly common and very inexpensive-to-replace Nokia BL-5J 1430mAh battery, along with a Micro SIM card slot, and a Micro SD card slot where you can add up to 64Gb of extra storage for photos, videos, and music.While the Lumia 521 is pretty thick compared to other higher end phones, its smaller screen keeps it feeling just fine in the pocket.SoftwareMost of our Windows Phone 8 coverage can already be found in our full Windows Phone 8 review. That&#8217;s where you&#8217;ll get the most meat about the software on the Nokia Lumia 521, however we&#8217;ll look at a few highlights from both Nokia and T-Mobile here.I already mentioned how the RAM limitation may cause certain Windows Phone 8 apps to be incompatible with the Lumia 521, but there are also some interesting limitations to some of the Nokia apps. For example, the augmented reality view in Nokia&#8217;s HERE Maps app is not available, nor is City Lens and the augmented reality feature in the included Weather Channel app does not work.The phone does include Nokia&#8217;s HERE Drive free GPS navigation program though. The bad news is that the license only includes maps for the U.S.A., Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands. You&#8217;ll have to pay extra for other countries, but still the United States is pretty big. You need to have a T-Mobile US SIM card in the phone in order for HERE Drive to work, but it does not require an active rate plan to function.Another feature that&#8217;s probably worth the cost of the phone is the Nokia Music app. You can download up to 4 custom radio mixes for listening to offline. Then when you get tired of those, you can delete them and download 4 more. It&#8217;s unlimited offline music! The catch is you can&#8217;t rewind any songs. You have to listen to the whole playlist, though you can skip about 6 per hour. Still, that&#8217;s free music with no data plan!The only T-Mobile customization that&#8217;s really worth mentioning is the Wi-Fi calling feature. If you turn this on, you&#8217;ll be able to send and receive voice calls and text messages over any Wi-Fi network with enough bandwidth. You don&#8217;t need the cell towers outside at all to make calls. It&#8217;s a little unreliable though, so I would only turn this on when absolutely necessary.PerformanceThe Nokia Lumia 521 scored 169.25 in WPBench, compared to 234.73 on Lumia 928  or 232.11 for the Lumia 925. The Lumia 521&#8242;s score seems a lot lower than other Windows Phones and you would expect that for the price, but in normal usage everything is still buttery smooth. If you put the device side by side with a more expensive Windows Phone, you&#8217;ll certainly notice that the Lumia 521 does not perform as well. The screen doesn&#8217;t move quite as fast as the PureMotion HD displays of higher-end Nokia phones of course. Still, it&#8217;s quite usable and pleasant.Unfortunately and as usual, Xbox Music can still be frustratingly slow when using it with an Xbox Music Pass. It seems like every time you want to access some music in the store it has to go out on the internet to recheck your permissions for streaming/downloading. Furthermore, sometimes it doesn&#8217;t do the check properly and streaming doesn&#8217;t work. The Zune days were so much better for music on Windows Phone. Still, copying MP3s to your MicroSD card and playing them from there will work  just fine.Battery LifeIn terms of battery life, the Lumia 521 does quite well with average use. It&#8217;s certainly enough for a day and the device doesn&#8217;t have any terribly power hungry features like a high resolution screen or image stabilization. The key thing here is that the Lumia 521 has a removable BL-5J battery which is pretty common in older Nokia phones. You can get another one for about $4 and swap it out whenever.Call Quality/Network PerformanceVoice calls actually sound great on the Lumia 521. Even at 50% volume, the handset speaker is quite loud. Normally I have to increase the volume to 100% on other phones in order to hear the person on the other end. That&#8217;s not necessary with the 521.The Lumia 521 doesn&#8217;t support LTE, but it still works with T-Mobile&#8217;s 4G HSPA network, and for such a budget device like this, that&#8217;s plenty. If you&#8217;re in the market for this kind of phone you probably don&#8217;t want to pay a lot for internet access anyway, so a slower speed is really an advantage for keeping your monthly bill a bit lower.Pros+ Very inexpensive+ Removable, inexpensive, easy-to-find battery+ Micro SD card expansion for extra photos, videos, and music+ Comfortable ergonomic form factor & design+ Wi-Fi calling+ Nokia HERE Suite (Offline GPS navigation for USA = worth the price of the phone alone)+ Nokia Music (free unlimited offline music playlist downloads = worth the price of the phone alone)+ GDR2 and Nokia Amber updates have been pushed to the device as of 8/14Cons- No flash- only 8GB of storage available for apps- Low resolution screen with mediocre outdoor visibility- No compass for augmented reality apps- 512Mb RAM means some apps won&#8217;t run- No wireless charging option- Nokia HERE Drive license only supports USA, Peurto Rico, and US Virgin Islands (it&#8217;s not a global license.)

I am so happy with my phone.  The calendar allows for unlimited entries. The picture quality is excellent.  Great choice.

Got rid of my old 8 yr old cell phone and moved into the modern world. This phone fits more than fits my needs.Great product.

I have had every platform now... Android, Apple, now Windows 8. Always was a die hard samsung fan and bought three different galaxies over the span of two years and also two iPhones before that. This phone beats them all! Fast, affordable, easy to navigate, lots of great features. I am utterly shocked by how much I like this phone!

My son loves this phone.  It is definitely slower than my nokia 925, but it runs great and for only $70 this is an awesome phone.

bought this for my son and it works great and the money spent, it was really worth it, would recommend

I was charged with finding a non-contract smartphone replacement for my mother in-law. I obviously researched this carefully, lest I be in the dog-house. I read these reviews and decided to order this Lumia 521, not expecting a great success because of the low-price. I was blown away by the scaleable functionality (it can be as simple or as complicated as one configures). Battery life, call quality, apps, all of the things that the other reviewers here have explained better than I could.All I can say is it suits all ages, and technical levels. My mother in-law has one, my father in-law (previously a flip-phone user, and 85 years young) and I have one now. The Lumia satisfies all needs at all levels and does so beautifully well. As to the cost, I don't believe one could even buy a stolen iPhone for this price.A caveat regarding the battery! The Lumia uses a Li Ion battery, and not a NiCad battery. If you run down this Li Ion battery it will not have enough energy left to power it's integral chip, and it will never function properly again, if at all. It should not be 'conditioned' as the NiCads needed; the Ni Cads developed a sort of memory, and thus had to be conditioned - exhausted then recharged completely a number of times to ensure it's life. This one needs constant energy, and is also sensitive to heat.So, when you get this phone, the battery is often partially charged out of the box. Plug it in, charge it until it says full (a couple of hours max) and then remove it from the charger. After using the phone, charge it when it tells you to (about 11% remaining). Try not to leave it plugged in to a charger when you are using it, as it will also shorten battery life. This way it should give you about 2-3 years service before it dies. The Lumia also has a great app management function to stop apps draining (most free apps drain batteries a lot) and a superb battery saver function that will stop  apps working in the background until they are used again.

I got this as a mother's day gift for my mom. She was using an old unlocked iPhone 2G running whited00r with no data plan. This phone was like a huge breath of fresh air for her. Didn't take me long to get her acquainted with Windows Phone as it's a very user friendly mobile OS. She's now Facebook messaging and texting/calling relatives overseas with Viber like a pro. Since I got this phone as a mother's day gift (gave my dad an old Lumia 710 running WP 7.8 I had laying around so he wouldn't feel left out), I changed my family's T-mobile plan to include data on all lines; $100 for 4 numbers with unlimited talk, text, and web. My parents are blown away by now being able to browse the internet when they're not at their house, haha.

good phone & great price love the display so I got another for another family memberwould recommend to a friend

Overall a good phone for the price.The one issue I have is with the &#34;dailer&#34; app. Keeps on hanging up during calls. I've tried with turning off the screen while on the call - the same issue. Putting the phone on speaker reduces the frequency of this bug, but I cannot be on speaker constantly just because this device/software glitches. This negates all the positives of this device and I will be replacing it.

I've had this phone before but not from amazon. My first one wouldn't turn on after 6 months of use and still was in good condition. After ordering one from amazon it worked for a few hours and wouldn't turn on after relentless charging hours. I returned it and got my money back.

Bought for parents as their first smart phone. Very simple but great phone. All the icons are on the home screen and I made them large enough so my parents don't get confused. They are excited to have access to new technology without being overwhelmed by it. I highly recommend this phone especially for people that are new to smart phones.

hi.I need to unlock code for this phone, because i can`t use it in my country.i hope you can help me.please.

One of the best phone that I've had in a long time that's tough (falling to the ground) it gives alot for ya buck I'm tired of spending hundreds of dollars on new phones when every 6 months they got a new one for hundreds of dollars that does the same thing as the cheap phone's and thank God Microsoft made this product cheap and available  to the 100 -150 dollar range for people like me lol. But um I get to control the Xbox and the rest so I won't complain love it. I actually got rid of my s4 for a windows phone because of the smart glass app . Thank you amazon thank you Microsoft.

There are so many pros to this phone I'm just going to list them off.- The main reason I purchased this phone was for the price.  You can't argue that it's not affordable.  When I purchased it it was just over $70 after taxes.- Easy to use Windows Phone interface.  This is a great phone for seniors or the less technically inept.  It takes a little bit of getting used to with the initial setup, but once you get used to it, it's very easy to navigate.  Much easier than an Android phone.- Quality was top-notch.  Screen does not scratch easily and surprisingly the white back cover does not pick up dirt as easily as I expected.- Battery life is surprisingly good for smartphone.  The phone goes two days or more for me, but I only make calls and texts.  I don't use any apps or games.Now, to the cons:- Screen brightness is not the greatest and viewing angles are fairly poor.  It's practically impossible to use outside.  I changed the color scheme to yellow so that I could make out the words and numbers on the screen.  If it had a half decent screen, I would give this 5 stars with no hesitation.  This is the only thing holding it back from 5 stars for me since I'm outside a lot.- Call quality isn't the greatest.  Others sometimes have a hard time hearing me.  But, I guess that's expected for most smartphones.So, given that the pros outweigh the cons and that the price is the best on the market, you can't beat this phone.  If you want a simple, senior friendly, easy to use, and affordable beginner smart phone this is your best option.

It was a gift to a friend and they liked it but after two days they could not receive picture messages and still can't. It was well packaged and everything. But was defected . I email the man and respond fast but it was like he didn't believe me so I didn't even message back and my friend just took it up to the tmobile store.  No charger Is included r headphones just the phone no warranty.

This Windows Phone is a fantastic device.  It's a media player (mp3, music, podcast, videos), a productivity device (Office, Reader), small computer (email, web browser) and a phone!  No flash on the camera or back lit buttons, but Nokia had to take something away to get to this price point.  And even so, it feels like a high end device.  The software is smooth and fast, you can get access to Xbox Music and Video, and there are 100s of thousands of apps in the store!  One more thing, even without the flash on the camera, it takes VERY good photos.

my first impressions are that i like it and its an advancement over my samsung smartphone. however, my GF seems to think this an old phone just b/c of the design, but its not.

This phone is great!!! It is very low priced, and has a lot of great features. I love the camera most I think, and the style of it. It came before estimated delivery date and nothing was wrong with it! Thanks so much!!

I like this phone can i use this phone for boost mobile

Man was I stoked when I recieved this phone today. I bought in on the 12th and got in in the mail around 2 todaY. My first impression was on its size. its about the size of an iphone 5. and about as thick too. I compared it to my moms iphone 4 and it totally wins with the sound and fast high speed connection. Ive been skeptyical on Windows 8, but Im actually really enjoying this phone. its customizable page and apps make it easy to use and access your everyday apps. People say this is a basic phone, and yes it is, a basic SMARTPHONE. This hass all the features of a iphone 5 and galaxy s4, except its nokia with windows 8. I highly reccomend this product, and for the price if all you get is a basic plan, thats ok. All of nokias apps are free to use and acess without service or wifi. Although one feature is call through wifi. great phone. Best one ive ever owned.

Wow, buying this phone was an utter mistake. It started with T-Mobile lying to me telling me they would unlock the phone for free (which is why I bought it), then saying I had to wait 40 days and pay $40. This was after being told to call multiple numbers and being given multiple answers by multiple people, each one claiming the other was wrong.There is a massive problem with the music player, which duplicates songs as much as four times per song, but if you delete any of the extras, the track won't play at all. The music player also randomly decided what songs would and wouldn't play, despite being in the same format.On top of that, the BlueTooth didn't work- maybe I just had a bad model, but it was still frustrating (same as when the camera app stopped being able to share photos via any method). I tried to return the phone via Microsoft (from whom I bought it) and encountered the worst customer service I have ever seen (even worse than the liars at T-Mobile). After hours spent trying to return the phone due to its faultiness (and being told to hard restart the phone- their tech support's only offered solution, which of course failed to solve anything), I finally gave up, and sold it to some poor soul who disregarded my warnings in favor of the dirt cheap price.Outside of making phone calls and accessing the Internet, this phone was pretty useless, from its piss poor music player to its clunky and annoying OS (you can forget about getting any cool apps that Android or Apple users get), Nokia, Microsoft, and any retailer should be ashamed of being associated with this phone.

Great price, and like the phone overall. A few things I would change:1. Email set up - If i am setting up my imap and POP accounts I should be able to edit the new account I am setting up if incoming / outgoing servers not correct or there are other corrections needed. Instead you have to start the set up process all over again.2. Lighted navigation buttons.3. Front facing camera.4. Longer battery life. If you use navigation or surf the web battery can be gone in less than half a day with nominal use.Like the windows interface but takes awhile to get use to. Overall a very good phone for the money.

I hate this phone with a passion..the wifi calling don't work ever unless you pay for something for it to work ever month..picture aren't great..I wish I never got it

Great if you like windows phones, but started to have issues with screen after one month and six month in my battery will barely hold a charge

This is a good basic smart phone. Wifi connectivity works well. Screen sensitivity is good and the tile layout is intuitive and easy to learn, even for a mac guy like me. I was a little concerned with battery life, but it goes days between charges, which is partially a reflection on how little I use the phone each day. If you have an apple computer, you need to download software to your mac to connect to the phone. My only complaint is that I've not found a way to delete any of the default apps. I don't use many of them and they waste space on the phone.

I like how the phone takes good pictures and a great!! Windows phone!!!!! Love this phone very much I will be ordering one for my son lol....

Except for not having a front-facing camera, this phone can work just as a good as any other smartphone. For the price, no wonder its the best selling Windows Phone smartphone on the market. Nokia builds solid phones.

This phone is easy and very user friendly. Bought this for my 12yr and he loves it. Recommend highly. Perfect!!!!

I needed to upgrade my phone, I was still using the old push button type phone.  I wanted a smart phone to use with my current TMobile pay as you go plan, so that I could take pictures and share with my friends.  I received the phone quickly and made one call to TMobile to have my information switched to the new chip.  My old chip was not compatible with the new phone.  No big deal.  It took me a little bit to figure out the phone, but I finally did.  I absolutely love this phone and would recommend it.  And I love, love, love Amazon!

I bought this phone for my daughter for Christmas.  Had it 6 months and it started turning itself off all the time.  Then it wouldn't charge.  Showed the charging icon but battery wouldn't charge.  I sent it in for repair and they returned it saying the wouldn't fix it under warranty because it &#34;showed damage that isn't covered under Nokia limited warranty.&#34;  The form letter didn't explain what the damage was or what was covered under warranty.  I will never buy another Nokia product again.

i highly don't request this phone it has been giving me lots of problems and I just got it about 4 months ago. I havnt been able to use it and I need to upgrade soon.it wont last you very long if you have one or just got one. it wont accept my Microsoft account and it is a pain. don't get this phone. it is a big fat piece of trash.

I bought one of these for only $69 but now I need to buy another one for someone and the price keeps jumping from $60 up to 80 and 90 ahhhhh

Cool phone husband still getting used to it.. He loves the way his FB pics randomly change when he turns his phone on..

Once you get used to window operating system from Android and iPhone.....its pretty goodCamera takes to long to take pictures......not instant....

My son loves itI don't hold Nokia responsible for the fact that I don't like the windows 8 OS so I give it a high rating as a great value

I bought this phone as a temporary replacement for my Sony Z1s (I had to send it back to Sony for warranty reasons) and it really has exceeded my expectations for $70.  If you aren't attached to Google or Apple apps then I highly recommend this phone.  It has most of the apps you will need, is dirt cheap and works really well.Pros:1.  The OS is very fluid and easy to use.2.  The screen is not bad and actually streams Hulu and Netflix better since the resolution is more standard (Hulu and Netflix upscale horribly on a very high resolution screens like my Sony Z1s).3.  The camera is adequate in decent light.4.  Battery life is decent.  I can get through the day 5am - 6pm and still have some battery left.  During the day I usually use 1 hr of streaming video and 1 hr of audio plus checking email and Facebook throughout the day.5.  Voice recognition is great when available.6.  Good selection of established messaging apps for you to keep in touch with your friends.Cons:1.  The app store is pretty dismal.2.  If your friends use Google Hangouts, you're going to be left out.3.  There's no front facing camera for you &#34;selfie&#34; loving people or people who video conference with their phones.4.  No camera flash.  (not sure if that's really a con for me though.  just thought i'd throw that out though)5.  No LTE.  (but seems quick enough for everyday use)Originally I thought I'd sell this phone once I got my Sony back but now I'm thinking about keeping it to play with and as a backup should my Sony fail again.  I'm really excited to see what 8.1 w/ Cortana brings.

For the price this phone is great!!!! It is actually better than expected. I just need some time to sit down and start playing with it to figure out all its applications.

despite the fact that it is so lite weigh that you might think that it is one the china fake stuff, it a a very good phone.i have not been able to use it yet but i have played with it using the WiFi.i am still waiting for my sim cutter to arrive, yeah it uses micro so had to order one of the nano sim-cutter from amazon.

I purchased this phone in march and now it is may and my phone shuts off and on by itself and the battery is defective now. I have now dropped it on the floor or water. but I love the windows features.

this phone stopped working one week after it could not be returned they don't even offer an exchange this is the second item that was electronic I bought from amazon for Christmas that stopped working within days of the no return. I would have been happy even if they offered to fix the phone so be ware some are good and if you get one that is not good too bad.

I was hesitant to buy this phone because I'm not a fan of Microsoft, but the Lumia 521 appeared to be my best alternative after my phone suddenly died on me a couple of weeks ago while out of town.  As others have said, the phone is packed with features, which is totally surprising at this price point.  I downloaded quite a bit of music and podcasts and have only used my 5th Gen IPod a couple of times since my purchase, because this works so well.Pros:- Intuitive and responsive screen- Great storage, and expandable to 64 Gb- Good music player- There appear to be quite a few apps, including free ones (don't have much use for many apps)Cons:- I'm not a fan of the screen colors (maybe there's a way to change it?)- I searched for several hours online and there doesn't seem to be a way to connect my phone directly to my car like my IPod does.  I know I can use a line in cord, but I still nipped a star for it, because it's ridiculous that Microsoft hasn't done this for Windows smart phones.  I spend hours in my car every week listening to music and catching up on the many podcasts I listen to.  Hopefully, they will fix this soon.Review edited to add note:  this phone uses micro sim and micro SD cards.

Just decided to leave the very old cell phone age and jump into the iPhone, Window phone, Smart Phone, Android Phone, etc age.  It's cheap and simple to use, a great phone for newbies.  With a good protection case on, my cheap phone looks and feel like a $300+ phone.

My first smart phone and its obvious that its smarter then me. Will be learning how all the bells and gongs work for the next year. My old cell phone rang, I answered or I called on it. Live so much easier back in the stone age.

I bought this from Walmart for my father in law.  Its great to see Amazon offering it now since its been tough to get at Walmart.What do you get for such a low price?Runs WP8 just as smooth as any of the high end phones.Fits great in your pocket and feels great in the hand.  For people that don't want a 5inch superphone, this size may be perfect for them.Runs all of the Nokia exclusive apps like Drive, Maps, Music, etc...Battery life seems to last a very long time and its removable in case you want to carry and extra one.What are the drawbacks?Only 8GB of internal memory:  But you have the option to include an SD card which can store your maps and media.No camera flash:  However the pictures are surprisingly good for a 5mp camera.  Easily beats out my old Focus and maybe even Lumia 900.No Front Facing Camera:  That could be a deal breaker for some.  Personally, I've found that I never actually use my FFC.No NFC (the tap to send thing):  Again, I've found I never use it.  Well I used it once on my 920 to transfer a picture just to try it out.512MB of RAM:  There are some games on the platform that require 1GB of RAM.  However most games work with 512MB and I can't think of any non-game apps that require 1GB.Screen:  While I think the resolution works just fine on a 4inch screen, there is no denying that the LCD looks cheap when put next to the ClearBlack display of a Lumia 920.No LTE:  For me this is probably the biggest drawback.  But you still get "4G" HSPA+.Summary:If you want to save money, this phone paired with no contract T-Mobile plans, is a great choice.  Just compare spending $200 on an iPhone to lock yourself into a 2year contract at $80-100+ a month.  Or you can get this for $130-150 and paired with $50 T-Mobile plan, or even the $30 Unlimited Data/Text plan offered through Walmart.  You could be talking thousands of dollars over a 2 year period.  Seriously, this phone does 99% what high end smartphones do for 30% the cost.

Phone is super fast, Windows 8 is great, 64 gig storage makes this phone into a computer, 1000s of free apps, I don't even use my I-Pod any more, phone is a perfect size and is very sturdy.

pros+ price+ quality (of the touch screen, body strength)+ camera takes decent pictures+ extra storage optioncons- no front facing cam (if you need video chat from your phone)

My first smart phone.  I like the windows phone since it is so easy to synch with my computer.  I liked this phone so much that I bought 2 more  -  my wife and my daughter  and I all teach each other the features. It is a great phone for the money.

bought this from HSN when it first came out for $150.the good: low price (then at $150, and now at less than $100, without contract) "smart" phonethe bad : bad battery life. the thing is, if it works "normally", battery life is *not* that bad as a smart phone - worse than iPhone5 but still lasts over a day - and I consider that "good".The problem: it seems to have problem saving battery life sometimes. After I press the power button to have it "sleep", sometimes (not that often, but "often" enough), (1) with full charge, after 12hr of 0 usage - battery is 0 (2) with 40% battery left, after 2hr, battery is 0.People may argue "you have things running in background". My answer:(1) sometimes it may be the case, but from all I could remember, in those cases I didn't have a Lot running in background, and more often when I Do have things running in background, the problem does Not occur(2) I just want to be a dumb user; if I already put it to "sleep", Why does it hog the battery like crazy - after all the screen and audio are Off, what purpose does it serve me to run anything crazy to drain my battery? No, I was Not streaming/downloading Anything whatsoever in background (yes wireless would still be On; no roaming or LTE or 3G or anything - it's Not activatedthe other bad: sometimes, the left-arrow button does Not work. It's not That often, but often enough to be really annoying.With the 2 big issues, I consider 2-star a high rating I'd give.Would I recommend? if you're on a budget, get it (or something similar). If you could live with larger form factor, get a tablet (7" or larger) instead: it's a real pain to type on the phone (or any phone of such size - though I did notice typing is easier on iPhone5, albert same size)

Replaced venerable iPhone 3G. Low promo price ($60) + coupon + Offline GPS pushed it over the edge. Back cover pops out if you drop it, even on carpet. Gets very warm very easily for Asphalt 8.

The phone does everything I want a smartphone to do for me.  1. Very clear when making phone calls; 2. Very smooth automatic connection to WIFI when it is available; 3.  Has all the apps I need (&lt;10; not sure why people need millions of apps).  NOKIA MUSIC is fantastic.  Ads free music with offline availability.  We have not listened to Pandora since getting this phone.  HERE DRIVE is available offline as a GPS with turn to turn voice guided direction.  BING, although not as good as Chrome at doing searches, provides excellent results for locations of interest (restaurant, stores, etc) with link to tripadvisor's detailed location info that can be pinned to screen (address, phone, direction) and automatic link to phone call or HERE DRIVE with a simple click.  SKYPE is available for chat, and calls to landlines for a very small fee. LIVE TILES allow me to view schedules on my calendar, pictures, music, new mails/messages, etc.  Even Nook for reading books and NETFLIX for watching movies if I wanted to do this, but honestly who would do this on a small phone?  Youtube HD is good even though Google decided not to make it available for windows phone for competitive reason, but again who would watch youtube on a phone with better devices (smart TV, computers, tablets, etc) readily available anywhere in the house or workplaces.  Most of all, I got the phone for $70 with $20 credits for the APP store.  I could easily replace it if I break it, lose it or whatever bad happens to it.  Very easy to navigate.  My 8 year old told me that it was more clearly laid out than his mini.  He even downloaded some games on my phone and plays with my phone instead of the mini from time to time.  One so called weakness is the lack of front facing camera.  It is not an issue for me because I stopped doing video calling a couple years ago after the novelty went away for me.  All in all, it is a very good quality phone for those who are on a budget or NOT.

The phone was as described in the ad, new in the retail box. Everything arrived with the phone was also new. I bought the phone to use with my current t-mobile number, however my old phone had a regular sim and not the micro sim that this phone uses. I took the phone and my old sim to a t-mobile store near me, and the guy there transferred my number to the micro sim that came with the phone. So, don't through away the sim that comes with the lumia 521; you might need it if your old phone doesn't have a micro sim card.

Its A great phone everything is perfect for the price. but the app store is troble u cant even get the real fruit ninjia

I just wanted everyone to know how awesome this phone is.I just switched from an Android to this Lumia 521.I love the UI, the live tiles are an excellent feature, and the screenIs very responsive, the power saving features are excellent. IWent to work with a full charge and used my Bluetooth headphonesFor my entire 10hr shift and only drained a 1/4 of the battery!The T-mobile versions 4g is faster than my home internet.Now for some of the down side:  MS has the system locked downSo you don't have the freedom that comes with an android asFar as tweaking the system. Also, not as many apps but that's becauseTheir apps work, unlike android that allows anyone to make an app that barely works.That is pretty much it. I hope you like it as much as I do

This phone has a nice big screen, good color but feels cheep.  The phone seems to work ok but it is not my favorite.

I purchased two of the Nokia Lumia 521 for myself and my son and thought had a great deal due to the additional $20 Nokia Lumia voucher promo.  We received the voucher codes sent to us by Nokia and neither one works.  Both says that the codes have been redeemed already when we just got the emails from Nokia. Complained to Nokia Customer Support and a week later still have not received any action.I have to say though that the Lumia 521 itself works pretty well with the battery staying a good full 24 hours with normal use.

I've been using this phone for 3 days now and I absolutely love it. If you're looking for a smartphone that isn't bogged down by a ton of extra and unnecessary junk, you'll be very pleased. Clean and simple layout. Great call quality. Very quick and responsive. All for $130. Can't beat it!

In terms of features and construction quality per dollar, you can't do better than the Lumia 520/521. After using mine for a while my wife replaced her Android phone with this as well!PROS: The phone is always fast and responsive -- never had any problems with lagging or crashing. The interfaces are intuitive and, to me, easier to navigate than both iOS and Android. With SkyDrive (ahem, OneDrive) integration and built-in Office this is a natural extension of my work computer. The camera is surprisingly high-quality for such a cheap phone. Has a microSD slot, so for $30 or so extra you can make this a 64GB MP3 player.CONS: Doesn't have a flash, so it won't replace your DSLR anytime soon. The biggest drawback is the Windows Phone App Store ecosystem. With iOS and Android, there's pretty much a variety of apps for any possible function you can imagine. Not so, here. My needs are pretty basic (facebook/twitter, evernote, RSS reader, weather app) so I'm covered, but you won't find a lot of games  or trendy new apps. I think this will change over time as Windows Phone is growing much more popular worldwide, due in large part to quality phones like this.The bottom line: if you're okay with the app selection, this is a remarkably high-quality phone that also happens to be one of the cheapest on the market. You have to go into the $200+ range to get an Android phone of similar quality. Highly recommended.

I didn't know there was not a flash and front camera, but overall cool phone.&#128077;&#128077;&#128077;&#128077; I was really really satisfied.

This is a very good budget smart phone, it does not have a lot power like I phone or S4, but for less than $80.00 you have a solidsmart phone.

Great value with 4g speed and windows ops. No contract. High resolution screen....shop around for better price outhere. Amazon does not always have the best price.

I cant find anything I dislike about it..Windows 8.. very sensitive and responsive..If there was one thing that was a little iffy it would be the battery life..tho Ive found if you make sure you put it to sleep soon as your done instead of let it do it on its own it helps..great Phone..

This phone is EXACTLY what I wanted!

The windows phone operation system crashed after less 2 months' usage.1) it can not find the cellular signal after I bought the 1st one.2) I returned and get a new one,3) after 50 days, the phone cannot find the cellular signal again.4) after 54days, the software can not boot up.a nightmare for me .

For the price, it's a great value and performs well.  It might not have all the trimmings of an iPhone or Android and few apps, but it does plenty for what I need and can't beat the price so I'm not locked into a long contract

Bought two of these, one for my wife and one for myself. We both love this phone. It is easy to use with lot of nice features.

Great phone for a great price. I would definitely recommend it.

It is very price effective. The only non-serious issue is the storage capacity (8GB). With the HERE Brive Map downloaded, there is hardly any more enough space for your apps.  I will recommend to friends

Purchased this for my elderly mother she didn't want any bright colors just something to protect her phone and she loves it.

I guess it's really about what you want.  I have used Windows for years, so learning this phone was a piece of cake.  I won't buy from Apple because of their elitist attitudes, ridiculous prices and Chinese slave labor.  Plus, I have an IPad for my work and it is a piece of crap.  And Android... don't even get me started.  Between ridiculous apps that no one needs and a system that continually glitches and drains batteries, I have never had a good Android phone -- from high end Samsungs to HTC's they all suck.  This Windows phone is solid, weighs as much as a good IPhone (not the plastic pieces of junk they are peddling now), its batteries last at least two days with continual phone and Internet usage and it is totally glitch free -- have only had to reboot once in two months.  Combined with the ridiculously low T-Mobile no-contract rates, there is absolutely no comparison and anyone who believes those who shill for the high-priced Galaxys deserves to lose the money they are wasting.  The OS here is as stable and reliable as Windows 7 on a computer and, for a phone, that's saying something.  Also, at the 129 price I paid for this, it was a steal.  At the current 80 bucks, you would be a fool not to try it and give it a chance.  It will cut your bills and your frustration levels in half. Oh, I almost forgot -- it's a great phone, wonderful speaker, high volume ringer and telephonic quality that in a good signal area (3 bars or more) rivals a hard line. In 20 years of cell phone usage, I have never had one that sounded this good.

Bought for 18 year old &#34;man child&#34; who is tech savvy. He loves it! Excellent quality, excellent price, all features are as described. Phone takes great pictures, has good battery life, easy operation with sensible touch screen navigation. If you're low on your data plan, picks up wifi and runs well with it (no extra charge as w/ all t-mobile phones). Apps download quickly, good sound/voice quality. Definitely recommend.

With this price, it is a very good quality phone. I had Samsung 3 for myself and got this one for husband. I tested and used it first after it came by downloading all different apps. It is different to Android, but I think it has its own advantage. So far I like it. I bought screen protector and phone back cover as suggested by Amazaon. They are very good.

The phone itself is well designed. It screen sensitivity, the placement of controls etc are good. The back cover does seem cheap, but that's what you're buying.Windows platform is reasonably fine as well. There are some irritating aspects where Microsoft wants you to have a windows based PC, an online account and the linkages are sort of &#34;hard set&#34;. So, for example it would be very hard to have two people share a PC but have two separate windows phones. Besides some of these quirks, it's actually fairly stable and easy to use.Finally, the apps are just not there. If you like all the different apps available in a typical iPhone or Android, a windows phone is not for you (at least yet).I simply bought this phone with my t-mobile prepaid plan and upgraded from a simple voice only phone. I kept my plan (for which I pay about $100 a year), and only use the internet through WiFi. Even then I only use simple things like email, some web browsing, twitter and facebook at home. All of those things work fine, and you just can't beat the price.

I bought this for my daughter after she lost her last phone.  She no longer wants an iPhone and my wallet is happy.

Great phone for the price..similar to an android with may cools apps and also very up to date. I most definitely recommend this phone for anyone on a budget

My parents wanted an inexpensive smart phone that was easy to use AND see.  I never had a windows phone before (I use android) but I though I would give these a try.  We ended up using them on Walmart Family Mobile.  They work great!  My parents love the fact they don't have to get their glasses to try and see the tiles.  They also like how easy and simple it is use.  It syncs very easily with their windows 8 computer.  After using theirs, I am tempted to buy one for myself.  The only issue with windows phones is the limited number of apps that area available.  That is not a big problem since out of the tens of thousands of apps, I use only 5 or 6.  But some of them, like SWYPE, are just not available yet.  I LOVE the windows setup and hope to get one soon when it has the apps I want.  But my parents love these phones.

The shipping and the product was fine. It was the phone that I did not like. I had to send it back but I assume that will go just as well as I received it!

Phones like this really make you think why people pay 7-800 dollars for an iphone or android. For the money, this phone is the best phone out there; nothing in the 300$ price range comes close to this phone. The user friendly interface and solid design make for an incredible phone.

The hardware's not bad. Once I got a good case for it the problems with it leaping from my pocket were fixed. Whoever heard of a white phone?? Impossible to keep this thing clean. Every time I had to open it up to access the MicroSD card, I felt like I was going to snap it in half. Practically impossible to pry it open without losing a fingernail or two, and I'm not talking about custom manicured dainty nails, either! I could have lived with all that, though.You can sure tell it's a Windows phone. It reboots spontaneously without provocation. When I open an app, it'll reboot. When I just want to get to the home screen, it'll reboot. It's even rebooted when I tried to answer an incoming call! Oh, not always. Not even most of the time. But often enough that I know it has Microsoft inside. I can't recommend this on its strengths, and its weaknesses are too many. I just ordered a Motorola Razr i to replace it.

Purchased Aug 2013.  Seemed to be pretty good deal for $120.  At the time, the apps I needed were not available (specific to my banking and notetaking), but the store continues to grow.  A few have since appeared, so that is a plus.  The battery continues to only last two days on standby with every possible function turned off, battery-saver on, no calls made, or Internet searches done.  That sucks pretty good particularly when travelling.  The latest coup has been the Bluetooth not functioning.  Bought a car that has a Windows-based voice rec/Bluetooth interface and ithe phone just drops the connection each time.  Even went to the dealership to be sure I wasn't just doing the steps incorrectly (or the other three people who tried it for me), and guess what? The salesman's phone connected perfectly Btw - '12 FIAT 500 Blue & Me system.  So those are my main issues.  May just be I received a crappy device.  It's actually not bad for anyone who does not want to spend a small fortune over the course of a couple years just to be able to make a few calls each week, and maybe take a picture or two.

I purchased two phones. One is great, the other drains within a couple of hours and has to constantly be charged.  We have changed the batteries out, turned everything off and it is definitely the phone itself.  Be very careful purchasing this phone.  We discovered this right after the return period and not we have no recourse with the phone.  We are stuck with a defective phone.

This phone gives the best performance to dollar ratio, by far.With price point less than one hundred dollars, I don't mind not having as much customization/apps as a $500 phone.Skype works perfectly (you need to install it), WiFi calling is a breeze (ready to use), office documents can be edited, and most importantly the phone gets regular software updates.The battery life is better than most phones around.Camera is decent (nothing exceptional) but is very capable thanks to ISO setting option (not common for most phones).

This is a great smartphone for people who want to save money and think paying $80.00/month for unlimited everything is a sinful waste of money. ;) This phone was $69.99 when I got it a few days ago here. I had a flip phone with T Mobile, mostly for emergencies and rare phone calls. Sure, I didn't really NEED a smartphone, but dragging my nine inch android tablet places wasn't all that convenient (and made me feel kinda dorky, frankly). I like that I can check my mail and my Facebook, do a little surfing, scan QR codes, play a few games, use the free nokia mixradio, use the calendar, use the free here maps which have turn by turn even without a connection...you know, do stuff that all the really expensive phones do and maybe some they don't. Oh, and you tube and videos look surprisingly good on this little phone!I refuse to pay an arm and a leg for data, so I will be using only WiFi for that. Many places I go to have it for free, including my workplace...which I of course only access at break time... I also get somewhat sketchy cell service at my house, so WiFi calling may come in handy, although we do still have a landline (which also costs an arm and a leg but that's another issue).A note about notifying T Mobile about my new phone: there was absolutely no pressure put on me to buy a data plan; in fact they didn't even mention it! Color me shocked...I was only disappointed that I could not take care of it online, as pay as you go customers were instructed on the website to call to update a new Sim card onto their account, so I feared a sales pitch.My husband now wants one of these, too...easier than carrying around his iPad mini, but tons less expensive than buying an iPhone.So, is it worth the money and am I satisfied? You betcha! And now I know how to work android, iOS, and windows on all different kinds of devices.Looking forward, too, to the WP 8.1 update coming soon. It just keeps getting better, and I will admit to feeling a bit smug and self-justified with my purchase. :)Try it; you'll like it, and if you don't, you only spent under a hundred dollars.

Great phone for a great price and one of the easiest phones I've ever used. Love the voice to text, saves a huge amount of time.

only thing is that it was locked  and im sure i ordered it unlocked  and there was no ear phone with it other wise it is a wonderful phone to buy

This phone is amazing. The dual core processor really helps to support more apps, data, etc. I have downloaded Windows Phone 8.1 and I have Cortana now and it's just awesome.

I didn't buy this on Amazon but I did get a similar price where I bought it (big box store). I've had it for 24 hours but I've spent considerable time so I do feel I have things to report. I will add more as I have more experience with this smartphone. I'm waiting for the T-Mobile SIM card so there are a number of things I can't do, like make calls!My personal reference is the iPod Touch 5th gen I've had for a year so you'll see some comparisons in my review. It's all I have to compare because I've never owned a smart phone before.There's no question this is a pretty good phone for the money. It's a lot more phone than I expected. But it has it's Pros and Cons.Pros:- Memory: I don't know why it was so well hidden in articles, specs, and reviews but this phone has more than 7.2GB of storage. About 4.2GB is available to the user. This should be plenty for apps. I'm adding a 32GB microSD card to store music, photos, and videos. So no problem with storage.- Removable battery: I can't tell you what a relief it is to find phones that still have user replaceable batteries. I'm not concerned about daily use and having a backup battery. What I want is the ability to drop in a fresh battery after a year or two when the original battery is losing it's storage capacity. All batteries do slowly fail. I won't have to send the phone back to the factory and pay the price of the phone to have it replaced. I see batteries for this phone as low as $8 on-line.- Display: While the pixel count (800 x 480) is well below my iPod Touch 5th Gen the quality is so close I think the 521 may sometimes be better then the iPod. That surprises me because I think the iPod display is exceptional. The 521 display touch screen is also very easy to use as it is quite sensitive.- Performance. I feel the phone is pretty snappy. The only time it seemed slow was loading web pages. That may be due to the 1GHz dual core processor, but it may also be due to not having dual band WiFi so I couldn't hook it up to my 5GHz WiFi router which is much faster than the 2.4GHz band.- Size: As I've been using the 4" iPod Touch 5 for about a year using the 521 4" display seems quite natural. It would be nice to have a larger screen but not at the expense of weight. To me the main thing is that it feels comfortable in my shirt pocket, and it does. It is almost the same size in width and height as the iPod but a bit thicker. If being thicker allows for a removable battery then I'm all for thicker.- Camera: Okay for daylight but quite poor for indoor shots. No flash doesn't help either. The quality of the outdoor photos is acceptable for posting on-line like Facebook. There is no front camera but I've had a front camera for a couple of years and seldom used them so this is no big loss for me. I really like the dedicated camera button on the side.- Phone: I'll report back here when I get the SIM card and T-Mobile plan. I'm going for the #30/mo no contract with 100 voice and unlimited data and text.- WiFi Calling: This is a great feature that should allow us to make cell phone calls through our home WiFi. Unfortunately I've learned that this still burns plan minutes; how unfortunate. It will compensate if our local T-Mobile service is weak at our house. I'm very much looking forward to trying this out when we get our SIM card and plan. I'll report back here in a couple of days.- Power button: It's on the side. Not a big deal but it just seems more natural to me to be on the top. I'll get used to it.- Volume rocker: One nice feature is when you click on the rocker while audio is playing a set of controls pop up on the screen so you can forward/back/play/pause from there even if you are in a different app at the time. The volume shows a number from 0 to 30 in the upper left corner of the screen as you adjust the volume.- Charging: Imagine this. A standard USB connector on the bottom. Not a special cable like Apple. I just don't know why Apple can't just use a standard USB cable. I charged the phone yesterday and have spent perhaps 8 total hours playing with the phone, downloading apps, cruising the web, listing to music, etc. The battery is just over 1/2 charged now.- Snap off back: It's a little unnerving to bend the back to remove it but it does easily snap sharply back into place. I wonder if it will weaken and come off to easily over time. I like the feel of the back on my hand. No fingerprint magnet here. The surface provides a little grip with its slightly rough surface.- Feel of the 521: The Apple iPod Touch 5 is a quality device, thin, metal back, and light weight. But it costs $399 and isn't a phone! The slight extra weight and thickness of the Nokia 521 isn't bad at all, and it costs $100 and IS a phone.- Buttons below the screen on the front: I'm very happy that all three buttons are capacitive rather than mechanical. I've had problems with the mechanical Apple iPod Touch start button in the past. I like having the "back" button below the screen as it's always easy to find. With devices such as the iPod the "back" feature is in the software and sometimes the back buttons are hidden or are placed in different locations on the screen.- Software: I'm a big fan of Microsoft and Windows Phone 8. I really like the idea of having Windows 8 on my desktop, my laptop, and my smartphone. The interface is easy to use and only takes a few minutes to figure out how to find things and customize the display. There are tons of apps and many good ones are free. Those that charge don't charge a lot of $. It is handy having "live" tiles that show things like the current stock market quotes, outside temperature, number of unread mail messages, and various other things.- GPS: I'm very impressed that you can download maps for free and use the GPS feature without even having a SIM card. I was able to select a destination and it will give me a course to follow using the HERE Maps app that came in the device. It isn't a Garmin. It doesn't auto correct if you take a slightly different course, but you can easily reset the trip and it will plot a new course. No voice directions. But still even if you spent the $100 to buy the device and just used it for a GPS it would be worth it.- FM Radio: Yes it has an FM Radio. I didn't know that until I was reading Help+Tips on the 521 and it was mentioned. I tried it out and it works. Too bad both AM and FM radio in Redding CA is not very exciting.Cons:- More than once I've set the Nokia Lumia 521 down on a table, not too hard but a little drop, and it shut off and rebooted. I don't know if it is just this particular phone. Hopefully other copies don't have this problem. In fact I'm returning this 521 today and getting another one because of this problem.- I've heard of others having problems with the phone dropping WiFi. This has happened to me just once.- Windows Phone 8, while adequate, is clearly behind in features. I understand an 8.1 release might have a notification capability such as can be found in both Android and iOS. No mistake though. Windows Phone 8 is fully capable.- Apps: There are many thousands of Windows Phone 8 applications, but still there are a few that I use regularly that are not available on Windows Phone 8. Alternatives are available but I haven't found any as good as the ones I've been using. This is true for just a few apps but they are critical for me.First Downcast is an awesome podcast app, not available on Windows Phone 8Second mSecure is the password keeper I've been using, not available on Windows 8Third Toodledo to-do app, not available on Windows 8- Another thing I really miss in Windows Phone 8 is something like "folders" on iOS. I use them to group things together, much as Windows 8 on my PC can group things. Not available on Windows Phone 8.- No easy way to adjust screen brightness. If set to Automatic it doesn't work well for me. For example in a semi-dark room the automatic feature turns the brightness down so far I can't read the words on the screen. The alternative is Manual which only allows Low, Medium, or High brightness, no slider for much better control. The way to change brightness manually is buried in the Settings and takes several steps to get there. iOS 6 wasn't much better but Apple finally fixed that bug by introducing the Control Center in iOS 7.- Voice control: It works and I've used it a number of times. But it is no Siri or  Android's voice features (I understand the Android voice assist is much better than Apple's Siri). The voice control can be used to make phone calls, start apps, or vocalize texts.- Calendar. It works but it could use a lot of improvement. You get a month view that you can't zoom, and a day view which you can scroll through past or future dates. I was able to include my wife's calendar events and set them to pink while mine are in blue. I read a rumor that this app is being updated soon.For $100 this phone could be purchased instead of an iPod Touch. If you buy it, stick in a $25 32GB microSD card, and don't get a phone plan, you've got a cheap alternative.Given the price I do highly recommend this phone.We have been using only feature phones for about 15 years. I've never wanted to pay the high price for the data plan to own a smart phone. Truly what I wished for was to be able to use a smartphone on the Verizon network but only use WiFi for data and not pay for a data plan. Then I discovered the cheap T-Mobile service. I bought this 521 as an experiment to try out the T-Mobile service. If the T-Mobile plan work well the three members of my family that have phones will switch to this plan which means we will be paying the same monthly amount but now will have unlimited data and text too. If it works well I will likely buy a better phone, and as much as I want to use Windows Phone 8 I don't think it is ready for prime time. I will likely go with an Android phone.

my husband never wanted a smart phone but adores it. He learned everything about it with very little help. What a great buy

Loved the phone just wish it would stay charged properly. After 28 days it started to heat at the charging port. But overall I loved the phone.

I bought this phone because my last phone stopped holding a charge. I really like it would b perfect if it had a camera in the front. Other than that it works perfect for me.

I had to return the first Lumia 521 phone I received because the touch wouldn't work sometimes, but I was sent the return postage and received my new phone quickly. The second phone had to have a hard reset, but now it's great. I love it!  The sound quality is wonderful, the apps are great and the camera is magnificent!  The phone does not have a flash, but even if you take pictures in low light the camera will lighten the photo to make a great picture. Of course, outdoor photos are really great.  I have no complaints about this phone.  My daughter bought one and recommended it to me and now I bought another daughter one for Christmas.  We are all very pleased with the phones and don't know how we made it without them before!

Bad ergonomic design, very slippery back plate, constantly losing the grip on it when trying to hold it. Easy to drop. Power button worked intermittantly, not as easy to use as an android phone, extra steps to perform the same functions. Call quality was ok but not great, there are much better phones out there.

Great phone for the price, sound is good, photo options are good, look and feel is great, ringtones are beautiful

This is my 3rd smartphone, and i would put it at 2nd out of samsung blaze(3rd) and samsung galaxy s 3(1st). It is still a great phone besides the store and no flash, and self camera. I would get this as a budget phone, but i would rather have a samsung(android) phone.It did have good charge time but dies fast.It has a okay camera for price.This phone is worth 70 bucks

The Nokia Lumia 520/521 is seriously the best Dollar to Feature smartphone available -- Hint:  Why do you think Google is trying to push for their own $50 phone - they are trying to compete in this market!  (You can find this phone for $50 every once in a while on sale - just be patient ... if you can :) ) ....I personally have gone through so many generations of iPhone and Android phones (HTC and Samsung) that I actually got this phone to use as a 'throw away' phone.  You know, a pre-paid $30 per month phone that I wouldn't care if it got banged up a bit.Now this is the only phone I use, period.  What makes it so great?  The Operating System.  Yeah, I know ... Your saying the same thing I said 'yeah, right' ... but its True.. its just works, its fast and the ability to PIN anything from anywhere INSIDE of a program is awesome.PIN TILESThe PIN thing:  For instance. the people I contact frequently EACH have their own tile right on the home screen - Each webpage (like amazon.com) I frequent has its own tile right on the home screen ... Each band (or down the song) or playlist has ITS OWN tile.. all RESIZABLE and easily prepositional ...NAVIGATIONNokia HERE maps - Nokia really went out of their way to make this FREE GPS MAP system great.  Free traffic, etc - everything you expect from Google Maps - but somehow prettier ...CHEAP PRE-PAID (Auto-pay if you want) PLANS$30 a month for UNLIMITED data (5GB 4G unthrottled, 3G 100% unthrottled), UNLIMITED TXT msgs, 100 Mins in Voice time ($.10/min after that) ... The 100 Mins  kind of made me thing a bit about it... I haven't reached that limit yet - Partly because the WIFI calling works GREAT - Leaps and bounds better than it did with any previous phone (although last time I tried WIFI calling it was about 5 years ago) ...I did NOT get this phone on Amazon.com - I picked it up from BEST BUY, right off the shelf for $80.If you want the $30 a month DO NOT activate the phone at BEST BUY.  Do it from T-MOBILE.com - just grab the phone and check out.. For some reason the $30 month deal is only valid through T-MOBILE.com.  Its super easy if you can read instructions... and maybe even if you cant :) ...BATTERY LIFEThe battery life on this phone is so far the best out of any other smartphone I've had.  I usually leave WIFI on all the time and I usually charge it once every 3 days or so ... I do watch videos, listen to music, etc - so its probably being used as an average smartphone would be.CAMERAThere is NO front facing camera on this phone... so If you HAVE to take perfect selfies, you may want to upgrade to the next Lumia ...STORE APPSI think major companies are finally realizing how fast Windows 8 Phones are growing in market shares - There are apps popping in all the time... Wanna check to see if you app will be on there before you invest your $100 in a phone?  [...]PROFESSIONAL's BEST BUYMicrosoft OFFICE - ONE DRIVE (skydrive) all built right in ... all designed to work right out of the box...COLLEGE STUDENTS BEST BUY (see PROFESIONALS BEST BUY + FB, Instagram, Twitter, etc all available as one would expect) ...SUMMERY - No one now-a-days has $600 to throw away on a device... Take $50-$100 - own your phone outright, which will allow you to go with any carrier that it supports (frequency wise) and don't get tied down with $100+ monthly cell phone bills... that's just insane that I once did just that... never AGAIN!

Love this phone.  Got it for 69 bucks and works with the pre-paid T-Mobile plan which I have for 30 dollars a month. What a steal!  I only have 30MB of data on my plan but that's okay because whether at work or in the house, I am usually connected to wi-fi.  I love the feature that allows you to use the wi-fi signal to make calls instead of using your minutes.  That was a bonus I wasn't aware of.  It has offline GPS maps you can download.  Works decently well.  I'm awaiting the 8.1 update now with Cortana to see if I like the new version.I can check my Gmail quickly by clicking one of the Microsoft app tiles, and there's another app tile that instantly tells me how much of my plan minutes, text, and data I've used.

Was not much of a learning curve from iphone 4 for my husband.  He LOVES this phone as compared to the iphone because it has so many more features such as voice dialing and texting.  We put an app named &#34;Assistant&#34; on it and it reads his email and texts for him too.  He drives a mobile transport unit and it makes it possible for him to perform his job and get the instructions for the next pick up from dispactch!  You couldn't do better for the price.  And it does extra large text so that he doesn't even need his readers!

great budget phone. good for calling and texting. it takes some getting used to but for the price its great!!

Yep, I was raving about this puppy too - especially when you factor in that you don't even have to activate the phone to use its GPS or make free WIFI calls using Skype. Ok, we'll overlook the fact that there is no face viewing camera - but hey, the one it does have is quite wonderful. How easy it is to take snapshots and send them on their way via email.If you do activate the phone, be careful with a 'pay as you go plan' -  that you don't assume that WIFI calls are free. They take their tolls on minutes just like a cellular call.Here is the big disappointment and how I wasted time on this. Even WP support could not tell me where in the cloud the backups are - so there is no way to verify that you have something to restore from until it's pay day.  Most PDA's and all other non windows phones allow you to make a backup image of the phone - just like you would with your laptop or PC.  So imagine spending days getting all your tiles just right and you have apps with data, etc.. and your phone crashes or stops working. No problem, you say. I had the built in Windows app set to do automatic backups. Oh yeah? How far do you think that is going to get you. It's worse than no backup.Layout? gone, App data? that game with 200 save's? gone. Worse - you have to restore over the air using a cellular network because you only get one chance at it - and that is immediately after resetting the phone and before WIFI has been installed. Crazy? Idiotic? Are they still afraid someone is going to clone their software?Oh, it's bad...Kramer would say.

So the three phones I was most seriously considering: Google Nexus 4, LG Optimus L9 and Nokia Lumia 521. I decided to cross off the Nexus from the list purely based on price. I am just not ready to invest that much in a phone, this purchase was going to be my first smartphone. I ordered the L9 for my dad off amazon and waited to finally get a Lumia at Walmart. So I have had a chance to play with both of them.My uses for a phone: Talking, Texting, GPS, Playing Music, Light browsing (yelp, looking up restaurants, etc)Overall, I do like/love the Nokia.1)It's light, interface is clean. The layout and the ease of setting up everything is great. Lot of nice customization.2) Lumia feels solid. Feels good in the hand.*Compared to L9 - L9 looks a LOT sleeker, but also maybe slightly more fragile? L9 felt thinner, but felt better than the Lumia - better back.3) One big reason, I picked the Nokia is the maps/navigation can be used offline. So I thought that would be a cool feature.4) The sound is great, all apps run well. Videos on youtube played great, music sounds good, decent selection of apps. I installed all the apps I would want, and they all work well. Camera is adequate- nifty camera button on the side, so if you need to activate your camera quickly, you can launch it pretty fast.So those are some of the positives, and the positives are GOOD. Some gripes I have:1) In the GPS: There is no step by step directions list. Here Drive is in Beta, so I am hoping they will add it, but I don't know. The GPS will take you from point A to point B, BUT...I like to preview steps. A moderator's response to someone with a similar question:"We might implement a list of directions in the future, but we would also like to know why you need them if you are going to get voice-guided turn-by-turn navigation anyway: isn't the map overview enough? If you miss the list so much, you can always calculate the route first on Nokia Maps and from there start the Nokia Drive navigation"I did try that and it does work, only thing is, switching isn't as convenient as if there is a button that would just pull up the direction list. This reason alone, I am debating whether to keep it or not, I really like the phone though. And the GPS works fine otherwise, voice navigation.*GPS in the L9 does not have this problem, and seemed to be fine - also there is a voice input for destination in the L9. The Lumia can get around that (to an extent) by an app called "Go to" which you need to install but it's FREE!2) No Swype - which I knew beforehand, but texting with both phones: swyping with L9 felt more comfortable. Although I think it's just that I have to get used to typing on an onscreen keyboard (I am coming from a physical one, though I have used swype on friends' phones). And I have only had the 521 for 2 days, and it's getting better. The word predicting thing is already getting pretty accurate. So that's a plus.3) No front camera - I also knew this beforehand, but the L9 has it, and I think it would come in handy, gchat/skype all that good stuff, it would be nice to have.Final Thoughts: Sorry this was long, but I wanted to include as much as possible. L9 is probably the better phone (and only for a bit more - buy through amazon or HSN), but I really like the Nokia (almost love) only thing that's holding it back for me is really the step by step direction list. I just feel a lot more comfortable with that, if someone is giving me directions when I'm driving, I always ask what's after that...ok what's after that. So man. I am on the fence, but leaning towards keeping it.One thing I didn't get to test between the phones is battery life. No comment as of yet on that. Everything else works well. If the final version does have a direction list this would be a 4.5 star phone for me. Crossing fingers. Without it, a 3.5 to 4. It's a good phone (regardless of price, but with price great), once you start playing around with it, you'll really like it, and maybe fall in love.

This has got to be the best phone around for the price.  I've had it for about 6 months and have been extremely happy with it.  It's fast, the display is clear, the camera is surprisingly good (5mp, no flash).  The WiFi calling feature is fabulous: my house is in a poor reception area but WiFi calling fixes that.  Also got to drop my data plan another $10 since almost everything goes over WiFi.  After using my WiFi on a trip to Canada my nephew sold his iPhone 5 and bought a Nokia 925 (said he would have gotten a 521 but didn't want to copy me).  I also had an iPhone before the 521 and was a little worried about switching to Windows Phone 8.  For me the experience is so much better than my iPhone, more responsive, better WiFi calling, 40GB of memory with an inexpensive micro SD card, live tiles.  BTW, everyone used my phone when in Canada to call home to the US.  They all had to put their expensive phones with expensive plans in their packs (turned off).  I wasn't charged a penny by T-Mobile for the hours of WiFi usage.  One petty complaint: wish there were more colors than just white. Yes, I'd recommend this phone.

This phone is for my 12 yr. old grandson and works very well for him so that we can communicate and stay in touch.

this phone is easy to use and that coming from a prior android phone user. the price at walmart for it was $130 unless they decide to change it. the non contract plans are great at tmobile and affordable.

Replacement phone for the one that got stolen. Works great, pretty simple, has most of what my old phone did and currently doesn't overheat.

Fantastic budget smartphone! As a new convert to a smartphone from an old fashioned phone this year, I was pretty nervous going in... but the results are GREAT!!!! Easy to learn and does anything you would imagine from a smartphone, all for just 80$!!!!! Very Very Very happy!

No problem with this ordered love the phone. Also would recomend it to all who love the smartphone. I will be getting another phone from them real soon

I just got my 521 and have it up and running with a little help from Amazon customers. I am loving it. I have severe finger dexterity problems and can use this phone more easily than I could my geezer phone (aka Jitterbug). With a finger peck on the display I can take photos! So easy. I do need to use a stylus with the onscreen keyboard. The only disappointment I have is with the Windows Mobile operating system. I had hoped to be able to do file sharing, etc. with my computer Windows operating system using my home wifi network. Actually, Mobile Windows is very limited compared to the computer version. Based on my limited use this seems like a really great phone for the money. It cost me about $10 more than a replacement for my primitive, elementary Jitterbug. My &#34;bug&#34; died ofter about 2 years of use.

cheap plastic volume buttons stopped working after a few days.Also win 7 os keep freezing.  (otherwise better than android/ios).get a different Nokia

This phone has very few features for a smart phone and has them all on the front. This is the perfect smart phone for mom.

I have used this over 8 months now. It is worth the money comparing to others like iphone etc.. You have to shut off some programs which constantly do the searching that will use up the battery in a couple hours. At the beginning, I thought it was a faulty battery  and called Nokia customer service. Some foreign staff didn't even know where the California is and said a replacement is on its way which never came. Bad service of Nokia is the only reason I took one star off.

Fantastic device! Switched from a Galaxy S4, word of caution to owners using WiFi calling! DO NOT switch to the beta OS program to get swype and cortana! It is not worth it, I can't text anyone at work now! But Hey I love this device because it does what I need it to do, it is snappy, it is efficient, it has a more appealing UI than the S4. The WiFi calling is a huge attraction! I also bought a year subscription of Xbox Music because they had a deal where you get a free Lumia 521! I gave it to a friend who had an iPod touch and he loves it now! This thing can take a beating! I have a case but its thinner without one so I leave it off! I dropped my phone down the stairs all the way to the bottom, I dropped it on concrete multiple times, It fell out of my pocket riding the maverick going 70mph at Cedar Point and it fell and smacked the roller coaster floor! The Back case and battery flew out of the ride and the phone piece stayed inside the cart! I bought new battery and back cover for $10 on Amazon and it still works fantastically!

Lets start with the phone itself.-Impossible to sync music to your phone. I have been trying for 2 hours and it simply won't work. I've tried different ways of syncing, they all freeze and I have to end the program from cmd prompt.-Horrible battery life, hope you're the type to bring your charger with you for a night out-Impossible to update. Have fun looking at a &#34;restarting&#34; screen for hours on end and getting nowhereNow for t-mobile-I have 2 bars in the heart of Dallas-Dropped calls on the rare occasion that I have full reception-Don't try streaming anything. I like to listen to baseball podcasts in the morning. They will work for about 5-10 minutes and then stop, no matter what I do I can't get them to start again without playing them from the beginningThe camera is nice, sound quality is good, but that is to be expected in this day in age. Once again microsoft has ruined another operating system by trying to be tech savvy and straying from their roots of making a simple, easy to use OS.If you've got a phone that works and you like, stick with it. I'm 23 and this crap is too complex for me.

I use this phone mainly for calls and texting which are very seldom, no more than 5 minutes a day. But this Nokia Lumia 521 battery runs low after a day and requires charging every other day, sometimes sooner. Am not too pleased with this purchase.  Can I still return it or exchange with another phone that is more battery efficient?

It's no iPhone. Nor is it a Samsung.  The only think this had going for it was the price and even then I didn't care for it so I gave it to my grandson. He doesn't care much for it either.

Let me first start of by saying, this is an amazing phone! I bought it as a cheap entry into Windows Phone 8, and I'm completely blown away. I wasn't expecting this. This phone was going to be something I use as a backup, but I'm currently using this as my daily driver, and I love it!Let me also say, that I'm not new to the world of smart phones. I consider myself a techie enthusiast that buys and tries new phones / tech every few months or so. I've been on every phone carrier, and tried every platform except for WP8 (until now). I've also picked up every iPhone released (1st gen to iPhone 5), and I'm HEAVILY invested in Google services. I've had the last 3 generations of Galaxy S devices, tried many of the Verizon Droid line devices (X, Droid, Droid2). My most recent love has been the pureness of the LG Nexus 4. The fact that I'm impressed with this budget device is no small thing.Pros:-Fantastic Battery Life - (Appears to hold its charge while on stand by like an iPhone. Unlike Android phones that continue to drain heavily even without use. The phone also charges fairly quickly since the battery only rated at 1430mAH).-Great Nokia Construction - (Nokia does an amazing job with plastics. Remember the days of the old Nokia 3300's? You could drop those things over and over again without worry. I have nearly the same confidence in this phone. Something you definitely don't see in other phones these days. The phone even has a good weight to it. Not the light, cheapy feeling you get from some Samsung devices).-Removable Rear Cover - (Most WP8 phones that I see - even other Nokia ones - don't have a removable back. I was very pleased to see one on the 521. Scratch or crack a back? No problem! Replace it. Hopefully there will be some 3rd party support here making other colors and designs. I haven't had the need for it yet, but I can't tell you how many battery pulls I've had to do with some of my Android phones. I like knowing that if I ever have to reset my phone, I'm just a pop of the cover away. Even the buttons come off with the cover! This means if you ever have wear on the buttons, it'll be replaced with the new cover you put on there as well).

As part of my work, I've used or had experience with a huge variety of smart phones and tablets. This is one of the very best.I am so deeply impressed by this mobile operating system. The hardware has a replacable battery, microSD card, USB media support, etc. I got this phone for my daughter; my wife has the 920. This phone compares well with its big brother, although it lacks a flash, NFC, and wireless charging, it has a replaceable battery and expandable storage (micro SD inside the case).The "people" function, once set up, is breathtaking; it has good parental controls (nonexistent or at best difficult on most mobile devices), is visually beautiful, has great voice-control, decent apps (great games--better than any other mobile platform), integrates with XBox and other platforms, etc., etc.

Since Apple effectively bricked my formerly working iPhone 4 with the release of iOS 7, I became a refuge and ran into the warm, welcoming arms of Nokia. So far, I have not been disappointed with these phones, though I admit to having held my nose at the thought of switching to a Windows-based anything. From everything I've seen so far, at under $100, these are an excellent bargain.My gripe is not with the phone. Rather, it is with the product description, which is comically inadequate for an Amazon-sold item. I offer a warning to all those buying this phone who plan on subscribing to T-Mobile with anything other than a prepaid plan: it won't work - at least not until you buy new sim cards, for those included with this product may only be activated on T-Mobile's prepaid plans.  Anything else, such as the family plan I wanted to signup for,  will require that you purchase a new sim card. Unfortunately, Amazon's description doesn't mention that, and the signup sheet that comes with the phone doesn't make it clear either. So pity me, spending  3 hours  bouncing from person to person at T-Mobile for an explanation of how to get the 2 phones I purchased setup. Finally, I had a moment of inspired genius and simply called their sales line to get an answer.So is the phone worth the money? Absolutely. In fact, it's probably worth more than you'll pay for it. But Amazon's sorry product description has left me with a sour taste in my mouth that I don't usually have when buying from them. I'm out $22 for new sim cards, plus the 3 hours I spent that I could have avoided if only Amazon had mentioned one of the most critical details about this product.UPDATE:I contacted Amazon regarding the product's inadequate description and how it had caused me (and probably others) to waste so much time trying to activate a phone with a sim wholly unsuited to anything but use on a prepaid plan. Credit them with doing the right thing. They acknowledged the problem, extended a refund to me for the cost of two sim cards and said the catalog team had been notified and the description would be updated.

The Nokia Lumia 521 T-Mobile smart phone is great.  It is dragging me into the current century and doing so almost painlessly. I love it.

I bought a couple of these for my kids. They have WIFI calling and when logged into the WIFI you can use them just like a land line even in schools where cell service is non-existant due to thick walls.

Nokia 521 is marvaless its osum its durable its cost is very economical,with T mobile the experience is good I have already t mobile sim iput it  and start.

It's easy to love a phone right out of the box - it's a fun new toy - so I wanted to wait to write this until I had an opportunity to see how the phone really held up.Pros:As others have said, you really cannot beat the features and quality for the price.  This is also an excellent entry level phone for newbies to the smartphone world, and intuitive to use for the less technologically-adept.  Wifi calling works great, particularly since T-mobile doesn't have great coverage everywhere (like inside my house).  You do need to enter a 911 address in your account for it to work (at least that was the case when I did my initial set-up).  Voice quality and volume are quite good.  The best thing about this phone, and Windows phones in general, is the live tiles.  I can't believe how much better this is than those dopey little cartoon icons.  So much more efficient to have information like your local weather forecast and daily appointments at a glance without opening an app!Cons:That said, this is certainly no iphone or samsung galaxy in terms of performance (not a knock - you can't compare a $100 phone with a $600 phone - I just mention this because some reviewers here have indicated that it's better). I won't go into the lack of apps - this has been covered and is a Windows issue, not specific to this phone.  If you're happy with basic apps, you're good to go with this.  I thought I'd get a lot of use out of Nokia Drive, the GPS app, but I've been very disappointed in it.  I have found it inaccurate and even when set to say street names, it's a nightmare trying to follow.  I've gone back to my Garmin for this function.  E-mail is also a little annoying in that it doesn't save e-mails sent from the phone to your yahoo or gmail sent folder due to some sort of folder naming discrepancy.  My biggest issue lately is batter life.  I say lately because initially it was fantastic.  With light use I could go two days on a charge, and even with heavier web surfing and videos I could easily go a full day plus.  In the last few weeks, however, this has deteriorated by a good 50% for no seeming reason.  I've minimized all the apps running in the background and turned off location tracking as has been suggested, but it's only helped slightly.Overall, 6 months later I'm still pleased with my purchase and the value for the money, though disappointed in some of the functions I was looking forward to using. If I could afford to upgrade, I'd probably go with a Samsung Galaxy S4.  But in this price range, I'm still confident this phone can't be beat, particularly with Tmo's $30/ month plan.

phone for my girlfriend for Christmas. haven't used it much personally but she loved it and thanks me practically every day for it. I will admit that this phone, being a windows phone, can't download certain apps here and there that you could normally get on a normal android/iPhone, but usually there isn't any problems, and it's a nice phone nonetheless

Good phone

On Tmobile, they didn't force me to change my plan, and let me keep my prepaid plan.  On the phone itself, you can turn off data.  But it still has wifi.  So, wherever there is no wifi, I can only talk and text.  Fine with me.  Would give it five stars, but the Windows App market is far behind.  Don't really care about apps that much except Twitter, and it works like a charm.  Great price too!

I was excited to use the phone because it has Windows 8 system It is very easy to use and after a few minutes, you are able to use the phone for all your needs. Unfortunately, It has bad reception (unless it has to do with T-Mobile) and when on speaker there is a lot of interruption. The people on the other end of the conversation can't understand what I'm saying. I have to hang up and re-call them.

This is a nice little phone.  Very easy to see and user friendly.  I am not only the cellphone constantly but it does everything I need and then some.

I'd been in the market for a new, relatively inexpensive phone.  I'd seen the Nokia Lumia 521 here and there and really just dismissed it as an Android wanna-be. The price is crazy cheap, so I figured it must be 'low-end'. And, you know, the app store is so SMALL!  People, step outside the Android/iphone box and give this phone a try. It is just so neat!  It's innovative, it's different, it's pretty (in a generic sense :)), the screen is not too small, not too big, feels good in the hand, the images are bright and rich, the 'live' tiles are cool and the phone is just overall fun! Have a read of some of the reviews for specifics.  I LOVE this phone and can't imagine who wouldn't.

I decided to buy the Nokia Lumia 1 week ago. Whoa whoa whoa. One week? That's barely enough time to figure out how to make a call! How can you write a review with less than a week of handling? I would usually ask the same question, but this phone is a nightmare.I purchased the phone from amazon 4 days ago with two day shipping. It arrived yesterday, on time. I opened the box and everything seemed to be in order. But i realized that my sim card was too large to fit in the phone. So I decided to make a trip to a tmobile store to get it cut. between the purchase of the phone and my sim card experience everything was fine. I downloaded an app and was working my way around the phone, customizing my pins and testing out the camera.I liked the phone as a whole! It was fluid and neat. I was able to customize everything easily. I actually like they keyboard even though it is basically the same size in portrait as well as landscape. I was tickled by some of the knockoff apps that the windows store offers, and I loved the fact that Microsoft office was installed on the phone.Today i excitedly drove to the t mobile store to get my sim card cut. They mentioned that they don't cut sim cards, but they could transfer my information to a micro sim card. I was pleased. So after getting suckered into buying a cell phone case and my phone was all set up, i was satisfied and excited to enjoy at least a year with the Lumia. But this is where the problems start. As soon as i had driven to my boyfriend's house, the phone said that there was no service. My boyfriend lives about 2 hours from the tmobile store and i wasn't going to drive back. My boyfriend also has tmobile so we compared cell service. He had 3 bars, i had none and an error message that said &#34;No signal. SIM card not installed or not installed properly&#34; I called tmobile customer service from his phone. After being transferred back and forth for more than an hour, my phone wouldn't even come on! I would press the power button, the 'nokia&#34; screen would come up and a blank blue screen would flash for a second or two and then the phone would shut down entirely. Eventually the last customer service rep just told me that I would need to get a (free) replacement phone. I mentioned that I bought it from amazon and she said that the process is more difficult to getting a replacement phone through amazon.Moral of the story. It's a great looking phone with some jazzy features if you can get it to work. If this phone worked for a year, this would be a solid 4.5 review. Like i said, I have nothing against the layout, or the apps but make sure that your phone is working 100% and I wouldn't suggest buying this phone or any other phone online.

I got this phone so i could go to pre-paid through t-mobile. Its a good phone but im somewhat dissapointed in this phone because there is no flash. I should have read all this reviews about it first, besides that its a great cheap smartphone!

Works well and it is easy to use with the Windows 8 GUI.  Very reasonable pricing, not the iPhone madness.

I am very happy with this phone.  I love the 4G speed and the smooth flow of the windows 8 os on it.  I love the size, it's larger than my last phone, a tmobile prism, but not too big.  It gets good reception and the sound is perfect.  Love all the features and the large variety of ring tones and setting options.

Absolutely LOVE this phone! The ease of use is amazing! I have an Iphone for work use, and I would pick my 521 any day over it!

Loved it at first.  Then 1 day after the return policy ended, the screen developed a streak of black down the side and lines across the bottom.  It hadn't been dropped, or anything else, so it wasn't due to  human error.  We looked online and it seems this has happened to other Lumia's.  Bummer.Update.... Amazon went the extra mile and is allowing an exchange.  We hope the replacement won't be faulty. Thank you Amazon for all your help!!

Honestly, this phone is as good as any iPhone.  I like it better because it syncs with my Surface and Outlook Calendar everywhere instantly.  It also has voice to text recognition, panoramic camera, internet hot spot sharing, and so much more, and I bought it for 94.00.  I liked it so much I purchased 3 more for my children (teen age/college = SKEPTICAL) and they rave about it.

This is the first phone and it has a reasonable price$89.96! The only bad thing about it is that every time I drop it it turns of immediately.overall pretty good:-)

It is a very fast cellphone. Its design is fantastic. Very reluable. Great sound and image.  Clear voice and perfect interphase

This phone does not work in 4G mode. I had one previously that worked fine. I had to call TMobile and.add codes . It is usually in 2 G mode and drops calls. The only redeeming feature is the camera which is excellent. That is the only reason it has 2 stars. I had one Nokia Lumia that worked fine and one that doesn't. Also TMobile was if little help. I am still waiting on them to call me back. I am not satisfied this time !

I would not recommended this phone to anyone that was my second one,  screen go blank on you can't see who is calling.  Going right back.

If you're looking to use Windows 8 primarily this is the phone for you.  As my needs are different, I opted to return it and orderanother type of phone more suitable for my personal needs.

can't go wrong with a nokia phone. with windows 8, so yeah! multi-tasking.  touch screen, i think $125 is satisfactory.

I facina the phone but I can not use it in my country Venezuela and could resolve this issue.I would like a unlock code so you can use here in Venezuela.

at first the phone was highly recommended for others to buy, not so much anymore. bought the phone in the beginning of December, it is now the middle of april and my phone ABSOLUTELY DOES NOT WORK. out of no where. at first it would turn on and off by itself without me being able to make a simple phone call. now the phone wont turn on at all but it shows that the battery is charging. and just my luck I cant return it because its past jan 31st. hopefully this will prevent someone from making the same mistake I did

Still trying to figure out the problems with viewing my email in its correct format. Right now I'm only able to view it in text. Also my lock screen pic will not show up. Other than that I love this phone.

I love this phone. It's my first smart phone. I had a flip phone for years and I decided it time to upgrade. And I did not want to spend a lot of money. I am happy with my choice. It has so many features. My brother needed a new phone so I ordered one for him too. He also loves it. I would recommend it.

This is a pretty good off-contract phone. The price is right, delivery was prompt, and worked right out of the box.PROS:- Speaker is really loud when you play music.- Takes good pictures.CONS:- Doesn't upgrade to windows 8.1. It comes with windows 8.0, which is not the latest.- The sensitivity of the display is good, but I mistype a little more ofthen that I did with similar HTC ONE Windows phone I had before.- Plastic back seem cheap.

I love this phone. I used to have android but the battery would die by afternoon. I frequently text on this phone, browse the web, use gps, and it lasts all day! It also does not freeze up like my old android phone used to. I have had this phone for about four months. I do not want any other phone! I like that it is so easy to customize and easy to use. The only drawback is that the camera quality is not that great - it blurs easily when you move and there is no flash. Even so, its still a good phone. Oh and no swype keyboard.

My niece wanted a phone for her 13th birthday so I got the Lumia 521.  She loved it!  I thought it may have been to advanced for her but it wasn't she quickly learned where things were and how to access what she needed.  She loved it and continues to thank me for her birthday gift.

I'll admit if your not used to the Windows interface its a little tricky at first but you get used to it. I love this phone. It is an awesome buy and definitely worth the money. The Pros more than out weigh the Cons. :D

The best price for a non-contract phone. Comes with SIM card (fyi). Only annoying part is that the buttons at the bottom, on the touchscreen, do not light up in the dark. Overall, excellent for the price.

I bought this phone about 4-5 months ago and I've been happy with it as a phone. The battery life is good, it's zippy and relatively lag-free, especially given its pedestrian hardware, and I like the Windows Phone OS. The speaker is also loud as others have mentioned. The screen isn't the greatest, but given the price, it's hard to hate anything about this phone.Well, except one thing. The headphone jack! Under normal use, my headphone jack got &#34;loose&#34; after about 2 months, causing the audio to cut in and out whenever the cord brushed up against something. The problem got progressively worse until I gave up and mailed it to Nokia support.They sent me back my phone without any changes. They didn't fix the problem! What horrible service. And now my friend who has the same phone tells me his headphone jack is cutting out as well.As far as I can tell, this phone has a FLAWED design. I'm not sure I even want to bother trying to send it back to Nokia - even if they do bother fixing it, it'll probably just break again in a few months.For those who listen to music or podcasts on your phone - better invest in a set of bluetooth headphones if you buy this phone. Not quite the deal that it looks like.

I have changed this cellphone TWICW already! I have no idea why they still selling it! Piece of junk no

The phone works great so far. Windows 8 Mobile works smoothly and, although it does not come with the full applications that the bigger Lumia phones have (i.e.: Creative Studio), it comes with everything that I need in a phone, for a great price

The Nokia has proven to be one of the best smart phones for the money; my wife and I are both satisfied with its features.  We searched for awhile to find a phone that fit our needs and price range; and we have found it.  Thank you.

An excellent value!  I researched all No Contract phones available for T-Mobile and nothing compares to the Nokia Lumia 521 at this price level.  I switched from an Android phone a month ago, and here's what I've found.  The included apps do a nice job, once you learn how to utilize them.  Call clarity is excellent, and Live Tiles can be configured to show much information on the Home Screen.  However, there are far more Android apps than Windows Phone apps.  Also, Microsoft, in their infinite wisdom, does not allow third party developers to access or change certain features, such as setting separate volume levels for different functions(Ringer, Music, etc.).  At the end of the day, this is a great phone for the money, and I won't have a stroke if it gets broken.

I have had the phone for about a week, using it with my pre-existing Tmobile account, and find it to be a very good and useful tool.  Here are some observations on what I have learned to date:1. Wifi. I can check email and weather, and stream music, with no problem and acceptable quality. The phone will not make wi-fi-only phone calls, however, perhaps because I have a prepaid plan -- not sure about this anamoly.2. Navigation. The Nokia Here app and maps perform reasonably well. The lady-in-the-box announces her instructions in a clear voice, including street names. The Nokia maps do not need to be constantly refreshed, as in some other navigation programs; that's a plus.  Map visibility is of course less good than with a dedicated GPS. The main negative is that the app is reluctant to reprogram when you decide to get independent and drive another way. It keeps telling you to turn around. So I am not ready to chuck my dedicated GPS just yet.3. Apps. I have read criticism of the limited choice. However I find plenty  of free ones available. I am using Facebook, Spotify, and Rhapsody, and they run OK. Skype is still a problem.Bottom line is, it will do most of the things an Iphone does, some of these a little less well perhaps, but for a tiny fraction of the Apple price.  If you told someone in 1965 that all this computing power would be available for $70, you would be greeted by goggle-eyed disbelief.I am happy to recommend this product.

The thing that is great about Androids and Apples are their compatibility to all the best apps, but Microsoft does not have this same capability. I think the new software on both Microsoft phones and computers tries too hard to be different and actually just complicates everything. I don't like it, none of my friends like it, and I am sticking to Apple.

Wanted to buy a descent phone for my wife. She is not much into technology so i didnt want to go overboard. She likes Facebook, etc. This phone offers easy access to Facebook & other social media sites. Colors are feminine, which is good. Screen is a good size. She was able to get the hang of things fairly easy. Can't beat the price for sure. I would recommend if you want a modern phone without the huge price. Oh yea & i think the camera has no flash. Hey i didnt say it was perfect. :)

Excellent phone, easy to use and comes with pretty much all the features you need for a basic / entry level smart phone.If you are wondering if this phone comes with a MicroSIM, the answer is YES and it works with regular post-paid plans. All you will need to do is log in to your my-tmobile portal and activate the included SIM card (which usually takes less than a minute).I'm very happy with this phone and really like the wireless hotspot / tethering option which lets you setup the phone a hotspot device to share mobile internet connection. Battery life is about 3 days fully stand-by which I think is pretty decent for a smart phone.

I was replacing a TMobile (HTC) G2.  This Nokia 521,  as far as I'm concerned,  is a better phone.  Literally,  I like everything on it.  You  can't beat the price!!

Well after almost a week here is my break down of nokia lumia 521.Pros:1. Size is nice and the screen is nice and bright.2. Easy to use the interface for those new to windows like myself3. Very little to no lag at all given that it only has 512 mb of ram4. Decent battery life on medium settings5. Only Paid $80 plus taxes for it at hsn fire saleand now the cons...Cons:1. Lack of apps, doesn't have my bank app yet, I use this app all the time2. No track scrubbing...have to old fashion hold the button to rewind3. Only internet explorer and that is lacking alot of features that is found in other internet apps4.No backlit touch buttons!Went to set my alarm at night and realized that the buttons would not light up.No backlit touch buttons! Really?? I wonder how much it cost to add a little light to do that.

I was able to fully use the handset for 4 days.  I come from the Android platform and am an RF Engineer for 14 years working in wireless.The handset build quality is absolutely great for the price.  The touch screen is great, the keyboard predictability also great.  The way the phone handled day to day operation, for the price was also great.  It is not a Lumia 9xx phone, it is an entry level Windows 8 phone.  The camera is a basic camera, it did not take good pictures when my kid moved even slightly (there was blur).  The screen in sunlight, is not as bright as I'd like.  Once again, a great handset for the price.  I confirmed wifi calling, it worked flawlessly.  I had a major issue for the phone to allow me to create an outlook.com email address (needed to use their App store), it would not work and would return a hexadecimal error.  To fix this, I reset the phone and tried again and it worked. (hahaha... a windows product that requires resets hmmm... but to be fair, Android and iOs has needed a reset so no points lost there)Now onto where we have an issue.  The issue came about after 4 days of using it.  I powered the phone off (it had about 80% battery charge).  It turned off, I popped the cover off, and removed my SIM.  I went back to my Android device to do some work stuff, and came back to the Lumia 521 about 3hrs later.  The phone would not power up.  I tried everything, if i plug it in (tried for about 17hr charge) it will not keep the charge.  I tried to reset it (hold down volume down/power for 10s) did nothing.  The screen is working, it shows a battery charging, but it won't hold the charge and won't power up.  I will be returning it to the store, hopefully it is simply a defective battery.If you're looking for a good handset with all the functionality of a smart phone yes it is a great phone.  I enjoyed the size and interface.  Hopefully, the battery thing will be resolved today.Update - 5/29/13I was able to exchange the phone for another.  So far no issues with the phone.  There is one issue that was repeated on both phones and below is the description of the issue and its solution.During initial setup of email, I tried to sign-in to my outlook.com account.  Login/password work on my PC.  However, upon trying this on the phone it would fail.  The error I'd receive is - ERROR 0X80048264.  There is not much that would work, tried a soft reset, turning on/off etc it would not work.  The solution is to perform a hard reset (go into settings, click About Phone and perform a reset).  Once the phone restores, the login process worked.Please note, this is a T-Mobile store purchased phone.  It is my opinion, that when you turn on the phone, an update takes place (takes a while) and I believe it downloads WiFi Calling update.  Upon this being downloaded, it creates the scenario where the process of login for your Outlook or Live or Hotmail account doesn't go thru.  By doing a hard reset, the update for wifi calling remains but the phone's other settings reset.  Hopefully, this is a patch/update issue that will soon get resolved.Please feel free to respond if your process is successful to help others.  I still like the handset and enjoy using it.

My #1 reason for purchasing this phone is that you can download maps for the whole world and use them without even inserting the SIM card. Flying in the airplane and tracking its position on the screen, comparing the map to what's outside the window is something you can do on Nokia 521 out of the box (and can't easily do on most other phones).Yes, navigation works in offline/airplane mode, without the data connection. You need to insert the SIM card to activate Nokia Drive, but after that you can just use WiFi to download maps for the whole world, one country with one button press. Navigation software is easy to use and see if you place the phone on the dashboard; extra data speed limit is displayed, and text-to-speech for street names is available in English at the very least (haven't checked other languages).Aside from that, Windows 8 is surprisingly nice and easy to use. Many of the good things come from the OS itself. Now Microsoft, Nokia and Skype are one company, so all the products place well with each other. If you have Windows 8 installed, you will be familiar with the Metro UI; while I am still unsure about it on the desktop, it definitely works well on the phone, providing fast access to all features and settings. It is quite minimalistic, but does what is required of it.Hardware-wise, this phone is fast; everything loads just the way it should. Touch screen is sensitive and precise, can use it with fingernails; multi-touch is supported, of course. You can share the 4G connection over Wi-Fi in two seconds; or you can use your home Wi-Fi.Battery lasts a day with (my) average usage if you turn on the battery saver mode (prevents live tiles from updating automatically, which I don't use anyway). The phone is using the same BL-5J battery as my old Nokia 5230 Nuron (that I am upgrading from).Overall, I am more than happy with the phone. I bought it for the maps and WiFi hotspot functionality, but now I often use it to check email and make skype calls/chat conversations instead of pulling out my old netbook. Calendar and facebook/google integration are also very nice. Nokia photos apps (panorama, cinemagraph) are a nice touch as well.On the downside, there are not as many applications on the market as there are for Android; this is changing for the better, though (I will probably contribute an app: student dev licenses are free). Also, I am not sure I like they way files are managed on the phone (apparently, this is similar to iOS): for instance, if there's no app to open a file extension, IE will not save it to the memory/sd card. There are third party apps that remedy this to some extent, but I have found that many apps rely on Skydrive to store and access files, which is silly (what if there's no signal?) and costly (in terms of data and battery). However, with my usage, this is not yet a problem.I would generally recommend it to anyone, especially if working offline navigation is a desirable feature.SUMMARYPROS: completely offline navigation, WiFi hotspot, Windows 8, simple, fastCONS: not too many apps yet, Windows 8 way of dealing with files is too restrictive, battery life is average.

I really like the look of this phone and nokia has always made their phones very durable. I got this phone refurbished so some of my critiques may be due to extended misuse.Pros:The call quality was really good and exceeded the iphone in many ways. For the first time I could actually have a clear conversation and the speaker phone was of equal quality.There seems to be more storage on this camera than other phones, which makes it great for holding music, games, and pictures.Everything is on the front screen, but sometimes it can feel overwhelming the first time you use it. after awhile, you get use to it.Cons:The touch calibration on the phone was a little sensitive and you can adjust it in the settings, but I noticed that even after adjusting it, the phone was still difficult to navigate through.I noticed that most of the apps I use on a daily basis (banking, social media, and email) were a little dull and not rated highly in the app store. The quality of the apps were extremely slow, but I found that using the internet explorer was a little faster than using the actual app.The camera on the nokia is really bad. It is extremely grainy and even worse in low light settings. I have been spoiled by the iphone camera and I have become very reliant on a quality camera.I hope this helps. I would recommend this phone to someone who likes to talk and text, but if you have an online business or are internet famous, then this phone will drive you crazy.

The Windows 8 operating system works well with this phone.  But since Microsoft is evil there are few apps that are free. This ain't no android.  In android you can find many good free apps and games.  Not with Windows 8.  That said it meets my requirements well.  I use facebook, netfix, google, and the weather channel apps all of which were free. On my android tablet I can get angry bird games for free but not with wndows 8.  The same thing held true for many other apps and games. The apps and podcasts, and games are limited even for the ones you have to pay for.  Android has over 800 thousand apps and games while Windows 8 only about 185 thousand.  The phone itself is good and battery life is ok.  It will last about 12 hours with heavy use. The camera is ok better than any of my other phones.  It is easy to navigate but I can't message pictures from my phones memory.

Nokia Lumia 521 (T-Mobile) is a beautiful phone to have for it`s  price , love it so far . Excellent !

Easy to use, simple design, lightweight, tons customization options, can do a lot if you own and use it with your PC. Highly recommend this product. Only complaint, freezes up occasionally if too much is open or you cycle through programs too quickly (though this happened before I did the software update and since then has not happened).

I like this phone, at $124.00 you can't beat the value. I even like the operating system for what it's worth. But the lack of app support on windows phone 8 is it's biggest crouch, and i won't be dropping android anytime soon.This phone served as a placeholder phone for the upcoming Samsung Galaxy Note 3. It's also a great back up phone incase something happens to my real phone.

Unbeatable price works great. I work in IT support and have a personal laptop running 8.1 Pro - so I found the phone very easy to use and program. Downloaded manual from Nokia site - Lots of videos on Nokia site to get you started.The first thing I did was buy a 32 GB SD card under settings - phone storage ( move new Photos, Music, and Apps to the SD). The next thing I did - loaded Windows 8.1 (preview for developer - checkout You Tube for more info). 8.1 gives you a lot of great features my favorites WiFi calling and Cortana.  The WiFi may depend on your plan - for example - pay as you go -for T-Mobile and pay for the WiFi Calling with their unlimited talk no charge. It was a bit tricky to get started - for example registering an (e911)) electronic address with my T-Mobile account. But don't worry it can be done  a lot of videos on line and some very good support.

I wasn't expecting much from this phone since previous Nokia models weren't up to par. I was pleasantly surprised by how lightweight it was, along with the screen and sound quality. The thing I was concerned about the most was battery life. Many previous phones (all rather crappy smartphones or regular phones) of mine couldn't last through half a day without needing a full recharge. I turned on 'Battery Saver' all the time, and the most I've lasted (without games, much internet, etc.) is 6 days. While I don't use smartphones for much gaming, internet surfing or social media, I'll definitely recommend it to anyone looking for a quality, affordable smartphone.

I purchased the Nokia Lumia 521 as an upgrade for my mother from her feature phone. I have long been a fan of Windows Phone (Samsung Focus/Lumia 920 owner) and knew she would find it intuitive and easy to use. I was a little concerned about the build quality, it being such a cheap phone and all. I know Nokia makes excellent phones and this one is no exception. It feels fantastic in the hand and I almost bought one for myself just to have. Software features are nearly the same as high end Windows Phones, with a few small limitations (mainly games). Sure, there's no flash and the screen isn't the best around but, when you're paying such a low price for such a nice phone, you can't complain. Inclusion of a microSD card slot for expanded storage and Nokia's range of excellent (and exclusive) apps are major pluses for the 521. Everything runs buttery smooth and efficiently and the Windows Phone Store is quickly gaining traction with developers. Everyday new apps are announced with some "heavy weight" apps announced/released recently. Couple all of this with contract free T-Mobile and you have yourself a winner. I highly recommend this phone.

I like this phone.  It's user friendly and fun to use.  Takes good enough pictures and videos.  You can find lots of apps comparable to apple apps.  Battery life is good enough for the amount of processing the phone does.  I charge it every other day.  Only has about 7GB storage so you need at least a 16 GB SD card for phone updates, photos, videos etc.

best phone out there for 80, windows 8 works great on it, really fast no lag at all. the sound could be a little louder but it is only 80, the size is perfect imo, iphone is too small, galaxy is little too big.

I absolutely love this phon. It does pretty much anything a person would want it to do! definately recommend this phone , It is awesome!

Having owned iPhones, Android phones, and Blackberry phones, this is a very pleasant surprise. This is so much better than the cheap Android phones running Gingerbread that are all over the place. For the average person who is just getting a smart phone, the Lumia 521 is a very clean, easy to use device that offers an unbelievable degree of functions for under $100 contract free!The build quality is also much better than the average entry level Android phone, and offers a similar easy, responsive user experience as an iPhone.There are better/more powerful smart phones out there. None of them can be found for under $100 without a 2 year contract. Great for young people on a budget, non-techie types getting their first smart phone, or a person who doesn't feel they have to impress people with flashy phones.

Now all my family members share the same OS Windows 8.Four Windows Phone, Windows Tablet, Windows 8.1 Laptop, Windows 7 Desktop.Guess what? it is never imaged how smooth the files transfer, network sharing, printing it is !NO learning curves for all members, everyone could grab one the system and run immediately!Best money, best systems, fair/decent price and no rip off from exclusive manufacturer.

this is my first go-round with a windows phone, and so far, its been a pleasant experience. I have talked to a lot of people that complain that ALL windows phones are not user friendly. I reply &#34;Do you have a windows 7/8 computer?&#34; Its set-up is very similar to that. I found it quite easy to use. I just wish it had a better camera like the new Nokia phones. Or at least a flash. But for the price, simply awesome

I'll just keep it simple. No weird talk of dual hertz blah blah or 5 MPG.Let me just say at the price, its an amazing phone. The internet is super fast! Its super easy to use. The only con would be that it doesn't support portrait lock, but maybe that won't be a problem for you :) great great phone.

First of all this vendor sent this way fast. It was at my door step practically within 30 hours. Thank you! It came packaged in original Tmobile style. All the accessories included. The phone itself is fast in replying to text. The voice command I think is faster than my Note 2. Boo I know but I finally have a back up that is small to fit in my pocket. Love this product. No flash but my back up was meant for other things vs. pics. Thank you again. I would buy from this vendor again should this one come up missing.

I bought 2 and one works good but the other one kept giving problems such as when someone call and we can't hear the sound and sometime text is not receive.. but the other one is not bad

The buttons are placed right where you would hold the phone, so that's one adjustment. As for the navigation and the workings of the phone, it's frustrating. This phone does no service to Nokia or Microsoft.

I didn't get a SIM card.  If I was not suppose to, I wish it would have said that in the description.

Phone new in box but will not connect to network appears defective.had to purchase another phone since could not get this phone to work.

I just sent back my 2nd Nokia Lumia 521 to T-Mobile because the audio jack went bad....again.  Do other phones have this problem?  I know that when I buy a $10 transistor radio, they last at least a couple of years before the audio jack goes bad.  But two of these in a matter of 6 months?  Weak.  I know that it's a cheap &#34;smart-phone&#34;, but if you can't pop in a pair of head phones and enjoy music and podcasts to their fullest without jiggling the cord, what's the point?  I'm very disappointed that I must send it back yet again for another 2-3 weeks without a cell phone as they send me another pos Lumia 521.  They won't do an upgrade with the credit.  It's not T-Mobile's fault that Nokia used, apparently, junk parts is this phone, and I'm glad that they're standing by it, but the inconvenience and aggravation of calling T-Mobile again and again and getting disconnected multiple times, packaging and sending it back, being without a phone for 3 weeks...TWICE in 6 months... is RIDICULOUS.  I say Don't Buy.  Don't Buy.

awesome phone for the price - it was on sale for 59.99.  I miss the android marketplace, but the features and the 8.1 update more than make up for it.

This phone so much better than my last phone,HTC Wildfire.  I think my 5 year old phone had seen better days.  This phone is very easy to use.  I really enjoy the window tiles and apps.

Love the phone great choice I dont have any problems with it so far. I am enjoying it very much so

nice phone, had to get used to it. There is definitely a learning curve with it, but I am getting used to it and loving it more everyday.

Awesome phone, cheap price. Phone feels very sturdy, well built. Note that it does not have a front facing camera nor does it have a flash, but what did you expect for this price.

The phone is good for serving all your basic functions of messaging and taking phone calls, but it's sometimes too slow when opening apps like Facebook. That may be a problem with the third party application, but apps tend to crash or freeze sometimes. The only issues would be limited apps in the Nokia/Windows store and the slow speed of some apps.

Nokia Lumia 521 is playful fun phone with an easy interface. I love the ease of access to the apps and features. The only thing that is a disappointment is that the battery is not lasting past two days. But, still this is a great phone regardless.

I got this mainly for the GPS after reading the reviews here. Except the mapping function is TERRIBLE. Every address I put in, it comes up wrong and I have to double-check it against google maps and then re-input the search to get an address close to it so it can save properly. I would NOT recommend getting this phone if you need it for GPS.

Great phone for the price. I wasn't sure I wanted to go with a Windows phone, but my old MyTouch 4g android wasn't lasting a day even after a second battery. Seems to have better battery life (2x charge a week vs 1.5x a day). I'll spring for a fancier one when I need it, but otherwise great despite a lack of camera flash/led.One downside is that I had to spend $10/mo more for wifi sharing vs my android out of box. I'm sure its by passable, but sometimes you need wifi hotspots immediately.

I bought this phone because I love Nokia and the price was unbeatable.  However, I was greatly disappointed.  My calls drop and my bluetooth keeps getting disconnected. Also, the screen keeps getting stuck.  I like to multi-task and I am unable to do that with this phone. There is no way to talk on the phone and check my email at the same time.  There is also no flash on the camera.  The pros are that it has a sleek design and it's a Windows phone.  Just not enough for me to keep the phone.

I started with an iPhone 3 ... had that almost 3yr ... then I went to android Galaxy (a nice one) ... then a cheaper Galaxy (&#34;exhibit&#34; ... no-contract)Just a few weeks ago, I bought my first Windows 8 device ... an 8in tablet ... with 8.1 on it ... despite the lack of anything resembling a Swype-style keyboard, I was very, very impressed with itI didn't expect a Windows phone to be like my new tablet ... but I also couldn't imagine it'd be so far off ... and it didn't have to be!First and foremost, unlike (possibly) many other iPhone or android phone owners, I don't (actually) use my phone for much ... other than making phone calls ... and the occasional text ... even then, it's not much ... it's very much a matter of convenience for me to have one ... and I could probably easily go w/o, entirelyI like android ... there's things I don't like ... but IMO, apple and Windows (at least their phone OS) don't even come close to what android offers (flame away!)By all rights, I should've bought an S3 or S4 mini ... that would very much be the phone I'd prefer ... and, now that I say it, for another $150, that probly woulda been smart money ... but, I really like getting deals ... and $80 for a Nokia &#34;smart&#34; phone seemed too good to pass up ... particularly for what I actually use a phone for (my tablets are another story, entirely)That said, MS saw fit to provide absolutely NO way to look at the files ... either on your phone ... or on your microsd card ... NONE! ... best ya can do is find an app by someone (no, not MS ... not apple ... not google ... no one like that), install it, and cross your fingers ... which I did ... it would not display basically any file I had on my microsd because they do not end with a &#34;y&#34; ... SERIOUSLY! ... check it out!Also, and this is the #1 problem with my tablet, as well ... the onscreen keyboard is pick-n-poke ONLY ... no Swyping (swyper)!  If you're not used to using Swype on android, this is probly no big deal to you ... but once you're used to Swyping, taking it away is very, very unsettling ... again, I don't use my phone for much ... for texting, no Swyping is a pain ... but I'm not writing novels, eitherI'm not gonna whine about the lack of apps ... there's actually a fair number of apps ... and most of em look to suck pretty hard ... but if anyone thinks the vast majority of android apps don't suck, they're off their rocker!  That said, I'm not seeing a GMail app by Google ... a few by what's-his-name ... ya, I'm gonna give you my gmail credentials!It did come with Office ... that's pretty neat ... so, I go to open a tab-delimited file I got on my skydrive (same account) ... right in Excel, they got a menu that says &#34;skydrive&#34; ... I tap it ... it opens IE!!!! ... REALLY?!!! ... so eventually I install the skydrive app (why it didn't come with the phone, I can't imagine ... particularly considering the bloatware they otherwise got on there) ... anyhow, even the skydrive app knows nothing of Excel ... and aside from its existence, Excel knows nothing of skydrive ... and of course, there's no way, in Excel, to navigate any files, to open a tab-delimited file.  I imagine, if ya otherwise got an .xls on there, it's like photos, songs, or videos ... there's probly a scanner that keeps track of what's on there, and tells the appEvery once in a while, we'd joke with a younger guy about to get married ... tell him horror stories, and how he's gonna regret it.  Excel is very much like this.  If you're married to it, things may be ok ... but if ya ever want a divorce, LOOK OUT!I had Polaris Office on my Galaxy ... that was excellent! ... even then, I had to download a Google spreadsheet at work, so I could open it with Excel, to save it as an earlier version, that Polaris could open ... and then I learned, only Samsung devices can run Polaris! ... everything else is garbage!It's amazing to me, in 2013 ... some 30yr after Lotus-1-2-3, I can't pass around a spreadsheet w/o running into either someone doesn't have software to open it ... or their software just can't open my version of it ... and/or they otherwise gotta be using a particular brand of hardware ... or otherwise pay $100+/yr ... just for the privilege of keeping data in rows and columns!... but I digress ... I didn't take the star off cause of the fact that everyone wants to get paid, one way or the other, for using spreadsheets ... I took the star off cause Excel on this phone has no clue what's going on with my skydrive ... and unlike my tablet, even though the set-up asked me if I wanted to, my phone has no clue about my skydrive ... or at least, if it does, I have no way to find the files on my phone, that're otherwise also on my skydrive ... I honestly can't imagine no one lost their job over this!otherwise, like switching between apple and android, Windows phones have their own idiosyncrasies ... in the case of windows, you need to navigate from the &#34;start&#34; to get to &#34;settings&#34;, than work your way down, to find things like &#34;bluetooth&#34; and &#34;running apps&#34; ... not the least of which, &#34;blocking background tasks&#34; and &#34;battery-saver option&#34; ... vs. merely swiping from the top, or one corner, on android ... and tapping :&#34;bluetooth&#34;, and the likespeaking of the battery, I'm hoping it's good enough to last a full day ... on stand-by! ... but if you like to use your phone for much more than talking/texting (or a lot of that) throughout the day, you should probably carry a cord with ya!now for the really bad news ... so, there's three &#34;buttons&#34; along the bottom ... &#34;&#60;--&#34; (back), (home), and (search) ... guess what (search) does?! ... it opens BING!!!! .... even when ya don't mean to brush your thumb against that area of the screen, it opens BING!!!At the end of the day, it's a Nokia ... and despite the shortcomings, the Windows OS on it appears to drive phone calling and texting just fine ... despite attempting to get ya to open an &#34;XBox account&#34; every time, even the music app ain't too bad ... it also comes with a built-in FM radio (uses the headphones wire as an antenna) ... and it works quite well!As a phone, for the price they're going for now, to spend any less on a Sparq er whatever is absolutely insane!This is a &#34;good&#34; phone! ... it's no S3 er S4 ... but it's still a &#34;good&#34; phone!

The Lumia 521 is an unbelievable deal. The screen is beautiful, the sound is loud and clear.You can use WiFi even without a plan from T-Mobile. Great for Skype, as an mp3 player, also video player, radio, keeps all your email accounts, and much more. It is best if you have a Microsoft account and then can take advantage of OneDrive and get 7gb of free cloud storage. Then you can also have a free Outlook email account, which I personally prefer over other web email services.The Lumia 521 is just plain fun and easy to use. The camera is excellent. You can store photos on the phone or put in a micro sd card and increase the storage capacity to whatever you want. You could also do as I did and have your phone automatically upload all new pictures to your OneDrive cloud storage. If you do that, your free storage goes up to 10 gb's from the normal 7 gb's.You can download maps and have gps even without a service plan or WiFi connection available. It has voice recognition if you want to dictate messages (tried it once, it worked surprisingly well). You can also use this as an alarm clock. Of course, most people will also activate the the sim card, as I plan to do, and use it as a cell phone.Accessories I added: a screen saver and case. And, to fit all my music, a 16gb micro sd card. Even with the accessories total cost still under $100.The case I got and am happy with: Qtech PHNK521YSTBKWH for Nokia Lumia 521. Almost forgot, I just bought a nice and simple stand to hold the phone: PhoneProp - Universal Fit Soft Flexible SmartPhone Stand.I'm looking forward to the free update to Windows Phone 8.1 which should come later this summer.

For those that need Good.com and Lync 2010, they work and work better than on Android. I am selling my Nexus 4 and staying with the Nokia 521. I don't need the 925 camera or screen resolution, the 521 screen is fine and sound is incredable. The 521 is a great phone and has options that are not on the 925. It is always easier to use, yesterday I was on a bridge call and added another phone connection to the bridge call... surprise, we have support here on the bridge! KeePass/7Pass sync works with Drop Box, but not Sky Drive. TuneIn radio is there along with Nokia's music. XMSirius is not. You can put in a 64GB micro SD card and have a backup battery, those are the 2 important options not on a 925. There is the Desktop Sync tool that you can install on your PC to synchronize photos and music.Skinomi TechSkins are the best, they even sent me a second complementary set for my Nexus 4!SoundMAGIC E10M - the M means a microphone... You will not believe the sound for the price! My SoundMagic does not work with microphone for the Windows phone, no problem with the Nexus 4. Not sure it it's SoundMagind, butEtymotic hf2 does work... it requires a good seal to get the base, the E10M doesn't require such a good seal, but helps.7PASS works great when it's database is stored on Drop Box, it does not work with Sky Drive... know problem admitted by the developer. 7PASS works with KeePass.Conference Calleague works great to dial into conference calls and enters passcode. I copied GOOD calendar items that are conference meetings into Outlook calendar. This would not be necessary if I could establish conferences through Good.Wells Fargo and Fidelity apps are in the store... Citibank card is getting a lot less use.SiriusXM does not have an app and there is no Flash for IE, so you can't use it.Nokia Music is great.Tunein Radio is there so you can listen to NPR.TechNet radio is cool.There aren't as many apps as the competition, but the ones that really count are there and they work great.Data Sense and Flixster are also among my favorites.I can't believe how responsive Dropbox is. SkyDrive can take a long time to sync to find your files on another device.Hope this helps.EDIT:It turns out that SoundMagic Headphones mic does not work on Nokia Lumia 521. I went to the T-Mobile store to try it and it did not work, but works well with the 925. Lync is impressive and it's an app I really appreciate, works well on both phones.I upgraded to a 925 on T-Mobile Jump plan. The SoundMagic headphones are that good, add a great display (yes, it's a noticeable difference when not side by side) and wireless charger... I'm happy with the 925.

I have used for several days, it runs very well and is really a cost-efficient smart phone. As mentioned, the battery is not quite strong, but could be aquired.

a only draw back is lock phone; it's very hard to unlock this phone if you did not purchase from T-Mobile.  Otherwise, it's very good for beginner to use a smart phone.

This is probably the best budget smartphone I have used. Granted, I upgraded to the more powerful Lumia 925 but if you are someone looking for a smartphone at a great price, look no further!This phone is fast, sleek, and efficient. The Windows Phone experience isn't bogged down or laggy (i.e. budget Androids) and it simply works!I'm a converted WP8 fan and look forward to more!

I didn't like T-Mobile but wanted to keep my old number without going through porting, so I went with this as a prepaid phone. It's really nice. The white shell can be changed easily. The screen is quite nice, way better than the screens you get on similarly priced Android phones. The system is easy to use and very fast, never crashes. I love it!

love it for the price. still waiting for apps to catch up with android. no front facing camera if you are a skyper

So far is better than what I had,  but one disadvantage is the photo feature doesn't have a flash.  So you can't take pics at night.  Another disadvantage I found is that it doesn't allow you to install Chrome as a browser.  Besides that, it's OK.

I've never had one and I need a lot of technical help, which has been provided.  I still have questions, but am confident the information is out there and I will be assisted.  I have changed plans a couple of times due to not understanding the plans.  The $2.00 or $3.00 a day plan is apparently not what it appears, even after asking questions at a local quiosk.

bought this phone for my 18 year old for Christmas, with the prices of smart phones being so high its ridiculousmy son loves it it he can go on line, chat, and do all those things teenagers do!!

Quality control must really be bad as of the reviews I read I'm not the only one not liking this phone. One day it will go dead in a few hrs and the next time will last 3 days and I don't use it that much.  T-mobile sent me a new battery that didn't help.  1 day lasted 8hrs and I wasn't using it.  No applications were running as all I use it for is texting and phone and that day didn't use it.  T-mobile send me a replacement which I will start using today but cost me $20.00 to get a new one.  I should have returned it Amazon but like a fool didn't..  Now am stuck with it but maybe the new one will be OK.  I can only hope these days.

Been almost a year since i bought it, maybe been turned completely off 5 times in that period. Only locked up once but was able to hold power/lock button down and restart it.  Deff get iLLumiShield's for this phone along with a phone protector.My only issue is it doesnt have a flash for the camera...I knew that buying the phone and the camera does work beautifully outside and well lit insides but your living room with just a lamp or two on the photos are going to look dark or overexposed. BUT its a phone NOT a camera so dont expect it to behave like your digital camera.

This is one of the best purchases I've ever made! Not only does this phone have all kinds of downloadable apps that you can get from the Windows store but it also has just about everything that all of those high-end phones have except for the fact that you don't have to take out a second mortgage on your home in order to get it!! I've loved everything about my Nokia Lumia since the day it arrived & I guarantee you will too!

This phone fits my needs.  It looks nice and for the price and can do a lot!  I would recommend this phone.

GREAT PHONE FOR OUR PURPOSES.  WOULD BE NICE IF IT HAD A FLASH AND THE SCREEN WAS EASIER TO SEE IN SUNLIGHT.  THE E-INK THAT KINDLE USES IS GREAT IN THE SUNLIGHT.

This is a very nice phone for the money. Very easy to use. Both my husband and I have them.

I've had this phone for about 3 months now and look forward to replacing it.  The nice features: low cost (!), fairly snappy, lightweight, SD card, WiFi calling.Biggest issue: Bluetooth.  I have a Bluetooth phone in the house and my car has Bluetooth but unfortunately it won't switch when you get in the car like my previous phone.  Sometimes I have to enter a PIN, sometimes I have to tap on it, sometimes a call will come in and I can hear them over Bluetooth but they can't hear me -- so annoying!  I've returned the phone and the issue remains.  My ridiculous workaround: get in the car, power off the phone, plug it into the charger, and 2 minutes later the phone is booted and Bluetooth works.Also note: SkinIt doesn't make decals for this phone, only the Lumia's that are already colorful.  I don't understand the logic, but there you have it.

I bought this phone directly thru Amazon with no contract obligation for under $100, and as many other reviewers have noted, it represents an excellent value with comparable features to other smart phones costing 5-6 times more.  It is lightweight, but doesn't feel flimsy.  Good size screen, above average battery life, good camera quality (5MP), quick response time to prompts, excellent speaker quality, all the essential apps one should realistically need or probably use, and all for under $100!  What else is there to say?  If you'd rather spend 5-6 times more so you can keep up with the Jones', go for it.  If, however, you're like me and rather use the savings for more essential needs and not be under a 2 year contract, then the Nokia Lumia 521 is a no brainer.  Major kudos to Amazon for their tremendous price on this super phone and Prime for quick shipping/delivery!

The headset port is faulty. My wife got the same phone and it did the same thing.. When you plug in earplugs, the sound quality is horrible..Also, no front facing camera for chatting..

Purchased this phone excited nokia was back on the scene and being Scandinavian myself and being a long time nokia fan, first phone had massive software issues and i couldnt hear people through at all speaker phone/regular after i checked my voicemail!! you could literally FEEL the phone glitch out and loose the speaker after accesing voicemail. NOW, the replacement will not find the tmobile network after switching to wifi, EVER, a reset is required every time i leave my office. It's not made in Scandinavia, it's just chinese junk, go with any phone but this, a used s3 or 3s would be so much better, rotten junk- shame on nokia.

I  was looking around for a no-contract smart phone. I considered a no-contract Samsung Galaxy, no-contract iPhone, etc. All of them were in the $400-600 price range. The Lumia 521 was $115. It seemed to have all the features I wanted, so I gave it a try.  Wow. This is a good phone. Call quality is fine. The battery life is better than my old Samsung Galaxy Nexus. The Windows Phone interface has proved easy to use. It has been easy to connect to gmail, outlook, calendars. Less games available than for Android or iOS, but for 1/5 the price, I'm really not complaining.

So far, this phone has worked very well for me. I hope that it continues to operate this way, Very satisfied !

Be careful when you purchase this product. There is no warranty for this item. My phone broken after used for 6 months

I like it, but it does lack apps. the browser is decent, but there is no forward option. the keyboard does not react sometimes

The call quality is so great.  I almost think it is impossible to get this clear phone call on t mobile network.  Overall, a phone is about call clarity and battery life.  Nokia is great for these!  The screen is very responsive to touch.  That is great.There are certain features that it is lack, but I am keeping the phone to make clear phone calls.  It is not too big, so I can hold it in my hands when I exercise.  It fit into my lifestyle.Note, I do have a big tablet for more sophiscated task. I don't really use it more than a phone.

This is a good starter phone. I got it as a cheap replacement when my iphone 3gs finally died. The iphone was slightly more user friendly and of course, there are more and better apps for iphone than windows phones as of now. This phone has gotten some getting used to on how it works and what shortcuts it has (or doesn't) and some of the apps made for windows phones are bad (I hate the available gmail apps). The T-Mobile service is ok, but it's hard for me to comment because since I've gotten this phone I've mostly been on an island off the coast of NC and there is not good service here anyway. I only get 2G here. I don't really like that with the $50 plan you only get 1 gig of 4G per month as I imagine once I leave the island I will go through that pretty quickly. I had straight talk with my iphone and that seemed like a better deal, however, slightly slower. I do like the main screen interface and I do think this would be a good first phone.

Great entry to W8P. I have had a Lumia 900 with W7P for about a year now, and it frustrates me.This Lumia 521, for the price, blows the 900 away.Vs. the 900 Cons:lower res. camera, no flashno forward camera.usb/charge port on bottom. If you want to stand it up (portrait) while cord attached, this is a problem. The 900 is on top.Vs. the 900 Pros:PRICE: 60% lowerBattery: better life and REMOVEABLEStorage: my 900 has 16GB but not expandable. My 521 has 8GB but expandable with up to 32GB microSD.Slightly smaller, slimmer, lighter.OS: W8P surpasses W7P. Not by miles, of course. This IS Microsoft ;-)Bottom line: Nokia still makes great hardware. If you want an inexpensive entry to Nokia smartphones and W8P, buy this phone.PS: I bought mine from a different online retailer for similar price. It came in a sealed box with a SIM card and activation instructions.I used my existing T-Mobile SIM card and it worked right out of the box.

ordered it for my daughter after she broke her Iphone and i wasn't about to spend $600 on a new iphone.  she picked this one online and we ordered it and she totally loves it - says its better than the i phone.  success!

If you are looking for and excellant phone 'NOKIA' has always made great quality handsets. This is a GOOD value for people looking to get off the 500-700 phone upgrade cycle...

Bought one of these about six months ago for Kenna (my wife) because she had nothing that ran on the windows 8 format.I got to watching her and saw how much she liked it, so I ordered on for myself.I've had mine about three weeks now, and still learning the fine points but I love it. We have the WalMart version of T-Mobile and this phone works great on it.  I no longer need to take my laptop and find a HOT SPOT when away from home.  If your looking for a new phone, I highly suggest you buy this one.Carl Wright, Eudora, Ks.

Great phone, smooth, fast and easy to use. You can actually open word, excel and PP files on the phone, anywhere you happen to be.

I thought it's back but I got a white one. Anyway, I like this windows phone. that will be better if it shipped with ear buds.I cut my privouse  mini-SIM to the micro-SIM into the size of the SIM card shipped from T-Mobile. it works very well after I set the network to the 2G T-Mobile network and restart the phone. I can install the necessary windows App from windows app store after creating my own windows live accounts.I like the Norkia's here map and GPS, it gives the offline location searching capability and enable to set the destination by using the Fuzzy searching.Cons:1. Without front camera. not easy to take picture for yourself.2. it's hard to close the application, especially for IE. but I got a trick way to close IE that switch to the tab page first, close the tab page, then using the back button to close IE.3. Windows system occupied 2G ROM, looks it too much compared with other OS.

I bought this for my 14 year old son.  Works great for him, he loves the phone.  Very easy to work with.

This is a really great phone for the price.  I like how customizable the icons are for easy app access, but due to this layout you are not able to have a background photo, which was not a problem for me because I like the easy access tiles better.  Phone seems to be very fast, no lag time.  I wish it had a better camera with a flash, but for the price you cant beat this.

wp8 is much better operating system than android and phone is great for price. better than i expected it to be.

I like the interface, and the smooth transitions between the pre-loaded apps. My main reason for downgrading from a Android to this one was trying to cut cost by switching service providers. I am not a big time smart phone user kinda guy, more of a user who just wants to have access to his emails, can text back n forth, look the weather, download some youtube music videos other than talk. that's it..no games..nothing. I don't think I need to pay a ton for a apple or a Samsung because they have better aesthetic. Those who like it, should grab them. I just want the stuff that I intend to use it for and this gets the job done.

this phone is terrible me and my got it. we are getting a Samsung trend lite now it is the worst phone ever we didn't get calls went to voice mail right away. it was fine at first but it got worse there r no good games or apps there. half the time I had no cell service so u had to turn it off and on.  this phone is the worst phone ever I want to smash it because I hate it. im one of you guys just got a cheap phone and it is the worst phone in the world I want to just run it over.

Me and my kids love the phone.  And the price could not be beat.  My girls are thrilled.  Thank you.

Great price for a very nice smartphone. I got one at $99 and just bought three more for my family at $79 each.Pros* Price. I do not know of a better value.You could get it at this price just to function as a music player. But a nice smartphone for just $79? Incredible!!!* Has the apps I need. I know that the Apple store has way more apps, but honestly, I am too busy to check the stock market every minute, or play the latest game, or watch some embarrassing video of a celebrity. I just need email, messaging, phone, calendar. The apps I need are here and work great.* Tile interface. I really, really like the tile interface. And I say that as a mac guy who has owned macs since the very first 128k mac in 1984. Everything looks so clean and organized. I have bigger square tiles for email, messages, phone and photos. This makes it super easy to use. I like it much better than the small icons on the iphone* Wifi calling/data. Great way to save on minutes and/or data* Windows Phone app. Loaded the free windows phone app on my macbook and then synced my music from itunes to the 521. Worked great.* Like the size* Speaker is better than I would have expected. Plenty of volume.Cons* Camera is kinda slow.Overall I am thrilled. And with Tmobile we are saving quite a lot over family plans on Verizon, ATT, and Sprint. And no contract.

I bout 3of these, and all three love this phone.  It is amazing how I ask myself now, why it took so long to switch to a windows phone.

I've recently used all the major types of phones - iPhone, Android and event Blackberry.  This is my first Windows Phone (8.0). The phone is pretty easy to set up.  I had GMail, Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn set up in minutes. The phone is extremely responsive and it recognized my 16GB mircoSD card.After a few minutes a few things stood out as troublesome:* The user interface wastes a lot of screen real estate. For instance in the "news" social update app almost the top 1/4 of the screen is taken up with huge words. The UI relies on font size and color way too much.  The screen real estate is not big enough for that layout.* You can only choose two background colors: black or grey. Black is too hard to sort out content and gray is annoying.* The power status not displayed by default.  I'm always paranoid about power level and having to swipe to see it is annoying. I turned on "Battery Saver" just in case.* Setup defaults to the least private options. both Nokia and Microsoft seem to want to track everything I do.* The music app doesn't have a mode to browse by file hierarchy. Id you load up mp3 files organized by folders on the microSD it isn't possible to easily select them individually.* Many important apps aren't pinned to the start page by default and a lot of useless ones are.* Setup seems to connect you to Facebook but you need to download the app to really read posts. The pictures in the news section are far too small.* No option to display text messages on the swipe screen.

1st one had an issue within 24 hours. TMobile just handed me a replacement after activating and swapping my simm.  Its been flawless. I love it. And love the windows 8 os, and I generally hate MS.

This phone is very user friendly, simple, intuitive OS. Everything works very nicely smooth and responsive. No glitches. I would give it 5+ stars but I dont think the battery is all that great. Though you can learn how to work with it.

I am not a tech savvy individual and do not see any reason to spend the money on the other high tech more expensive phones if it is not necessary.  This phone allows me to text,  access the internet, review my emails, take photos and videos of decent quality and even make phone calls (I know, right?).  I also purchased this phone for my wife and she has fallen in love with it as well.  It isn't a top of the line product but it serves each of us just fine with out compromising our frugal ways.

Other reviews pretty accurate:Pros:  PRICE - considering UNLOCKED and can go without a contract (pay by the minute, and I only access data over my wi-fi or free starbucks wifi)STYLE - WINDOW 8  ..... is terrible ... BUT IT LOOKS REALLY SNAZZY TO PEOPLE WITH iPHONE OR ANDROID.VOICE/SOUND QUALITY ....  EXCELLENT COMPARED TO MY OLD MOTOROLA FLIP PHONE.ALL IN ALL - THE BELOW 'CONS' ARE REALLY JUST ANNOYANCES/PREFERENCES/INHERENT WINDOWS ATTEMPT TO TAKE OVER YOUR ENTIRE INTERNET ACCESS ... IN EVERY WAY POSSIBLE.CONS:1,  BIG CON - SUDDENLY THE EASE OF PLAYING AND TRANSFERRING REGULAR MP3 MUSIC HAS BEEN ALMOST BLOCKED BY MICROSOFT AND WINDOWS 8.  THERE ARE TONS OF APPS TO &#34;STREAM&#34; AND &#34;DOWNLOAD&#34; MUSIC, BUT THERE IS NO EASY WAY TO GET, FIND, ORGANIZE AND PLAY MUSIC.&#62;&#62;&#62;&#62;  WE HAVE HAD WINDOWS FRAMEWORK FORCED UPON US (THE WORLD) ... AND SUDDENLY THERE IS NO BASIC WINDOWS FOLDER SYSTEM/MANAGEMENT/ACCESS.2. CRAZY - when you play music, and want to stop, there is no way to close the top drop down quick access to play/pause/volume.  You need to find an app or restart the phone.  I've never seen anything so crazy.3. I expected to be able to have massive storage on my micro-sd card, but the phone doesn't let you easily move/transfer/find/play music etc ... from the micro sd card.  It seems to want everything stored on internal storage (apps especially) which takes up most of the internal memory.4. CUSTOM LOOK.  It seems like it would be cool, but you have VERY, VERY LITTLE CUSTOMIZATION OF COLOR.  AS THE PICTURE SHOWS, YOU CAN CHOOSE (LIGHT OR DARK) AND THEN ONE COLOR FOR ALL TILES (PINK IN THE PICTURE).  Some apps (like the headphones icon in green) have a built in color, but I would like to make the colors look the way I want.5. I have had problems with G-Mail and full/proper access/sending basic g-mail.  The alternative google apps use the  m.google stripped down horrible mobile internet (no graphics and few functions).  Come on ... It is a modern system with a browser that is pretty full of features, but you end up often only having the minimal m.google access.  What year is this ???Not a 'con' .... The touch is very good.  I got a screen protector since everyone mentioned how easily scratches.  Even with a thick clear plastic cover, it does not affect touch sensitivity and use.6. BIGGEST 'CON' - VERY VERY BAD BATTERY LIFE.  TRIED BUYING A BACKUP UP SEPARATE BATTERY WHICH RESET THE WHOLE PHONE (AND I LOST EVERYTHING).  I SUGGEST A SMALL POCKET BATTERY RECHARGER.7.  NO FRONT FACING CAMERA ...  NO SELFIES FROM THIS PHONE (I don't do selfies, but if you are normal and like everyone else in the world, the lack of a front camera for Selfies you will HATE THIS PHONE.also (surprisingly light, light weight).  I don't know if that's good or bad, but it's lighter in weight than any phone I've every tried.finally T-Mobile &#34;NO CONTRACT&#34; price per minute IS MUCH HIGHER THAN SOME OF THE OTHER CARRIERS (like low end Boost, metro et al).

works really good. even though it is a phone for prepaid, we were able to activate this phone onto our account.

I have to post a little disclaimer before I get into the review, I'm a bit of a tech junkie and my primary phone is an iPhone 5S and before that was a nexus 4 (1.5 ghz quad core, running Android 4.3 - sold it before 4.4 Kit Kat was released), so my thoughts on the Lumia is compared to my past and current high end phones.That being said, the Lumia 521 has far exceeded my expectations!Software:The first thing that caught my attention was how surprisingly fluid this phone is for a 1 ghz dual core phone. It is more fluid than the nexus 4 and just as smooth as the iPhone 5S; it just goes to show how amazing the software is optimized. You would think this was a higher clocked quad core phone! The live tiles are pretty useful as I don't have to dig deep into apps to find info, like the weather for example. The customizability isn't as good as the Android platform but on par with iOS, because well, Apple doesn't let you change much unless you are jail broken. I believe the engineers for Microsoft is on par with Apple.Hardware:The Lumia 521 has a 1 ghz dual core Snapdragon S4 plus processor with 512 mb of RAM. It has lower end specs in the smartphone world but it doesn't show it when you're scrolling and going through different apps.Camera:First off, I use my iPhone for pictures, which is among the top two (Lumia 1020) so it further makes the 5 megapixel camera on this phone seem sub par, but takes decent photos in a well-lit environment, keyword: well-lit. That was one of the gripes I had with this phone, that it doesn't have a flash. The video cam takes 720p video and actually fares well. The Nokia Smart Cam takes a series of rapid fire photos and has features like best shot, remove moving object and change faces. The change faces feature is really useful. You can actually change just the face and keep the background the way it is in case someone blinked or like another smile better. Overall, it's just okay, nothing to write home about. Another thing it lacked was a front facing camera so if you video chat, you might want to look elsewhere.Apps:Yes, their App Store is pretty limited compared to iOS and Android. It does however has a lot of useful apps like Microsoft Office and the weather channel. I expect it to continue to grow as the popularity grows.Connectivity:One thing that this phone lacked that is fairly common in smartphones is LTE connectivity. It is limited to HSPA+ 21 which is plenty fast for web browsing. Hey, they had to cut corners somewhere for this price point.Battery:It has a relatively small 1430 mAh battery but the software is very well optimized for minimal battery usage. You can enable a battery saver feature that kicks in at around 30% charge. I easily got a full day out of it, 28 hours to be exact. Since the battery is small, it charges very fast, roughly 2, maybe 3 hours to fully charge.Overall:My overall impression is like mostly all of the reviews, a GREAT value. Probably the best bang for your buck in terms of lowest price (competes with the Nexus 5; 2.3 ghz quad core - but that's around $350) and I managed to nab one for $69.99. I gave this 4 stars for lack of LTE and a flash for the camera. This is a solid backup or a great phone for smartphone introduction and I highly recommend.

great phone great price and t mobile is an awesome company.i would defiantly not go with their pre paid network no one speaks English. but post paid is awesome and is very good for anyone who has teenagers

cheap and does the trick. if you looking for something to use for a short period. also an awesome gift

This wont be another blunder of a cheap phone purchase , will be durable, sturdy, functional, fast, right size and beautiful too.Nokia Drive and maps, giving you GPS driving directions included in the OS is unbeatable, lots of Nokia add ons also.Nows if you want 1 billion useless apps to waste your life in them go buy a droid, in the price range is like comparing a Yugo with a Mercedes, you wont be able to do much with a $100 Android in apps anyway, but with the Lumia 521 you get your money's worth till the last penny.

This is a good phone, I like the responsiveness and its sleeky design. But, there are not many apps available...

It did exceed my expectations.  Packed with many goodies. Product is well made, and I like the no-contract feature. Learning process going forward.

Phone restarts out of nowhere once or twice a day. It has not happened speaking with someone but I will see it restart on its own.The phone is saving me a lot of money per year w/t-mobile so I can't complain too much. I don't need mobile data but it is nice to use wifi and pairing it up with my outlook account. I am unaware of any other major carrier that plays nicely with a smart phone without mobile data.

Awesome, I was a Samsung (original Samsung Galazy S) user, this phone was a major step up in all respects except for the camera.  I am getting used to the camera but miss that feature.Pros:Ease of useAttaching photos in emails is very fluid including the ability to select several at one time without toggling back and forthLightNice DisplayBasic Functions are all Consistant (I REALLY appreciate this)  I would say the calls and texts are better on this phone, thanks NOKIA you have always dont this part well.Streams well. :)Great price!Cons:CameraLimited apps (but I really don't mind)

Basically I do like the phone, but windows 8 is not up to android or iphone standards yet.  There are certain features not on this phone but nothing I can't like without.  I'm going to stick with it for awhile to see how I like it in the long term

If all you need in a phone is talk and text, this phone is perfect for you. On this phone, my internet was slower and my facebook feed was inconsistent with the feed on my computer. There is no facetime camera, nor is there flash therefore there is no flashlight. The app store is horrible. The version for yahoo mail and gmail is has an inconvenient interface. If you want to play up-to-date games, forget about it. I could only get the first version of temple run (which is about 3 years old), and a few other games that aren't too interesting or developed. A smartphone should be great features that do cool things but the program was extremely simple. Also the keyboard was not very comfortable. Again, if you are not tech savvy this phone is perfect for you. If you are a person who constantly needs to keep in touch for work and school on email and update documents on drive, save up and buy a better phone.

I wanted to cut my phone bill and try Tmobile and this was just the cheapest smartphone -so I thought I'd give it a try. At $80 I'm even in just two months time from the savings to my cell phone bill. So if I hated the phone no big deal. Well its working great. The phone is lagfree and easy to navigate and not that big of a learning curve from my Android phones of the past. I may even like it more. I was able to transfer my phone number but evidently the website for activation doesn't do much error checking and I ended up talking to about 5 people to get it worked out. But they were all friendly and the process ultimately worked.All of my Google contacts and emails transferred effortlessly.

I like the cell phone; it has a lot options. But it is very complicated to use. the touch pad is to sensitive. Adding contact is rather unfriendly. I would like to change my front to a picture from bing - will not let me do this.I expected it to be more user friendly.Rose

This windows phone is so easy to use. Even my anti-smart phone husband has figured it out. Despite his initial protests, he is now texting and serving the web, which is a miracle since all he wanted was a basic phone to use for calls only!  Hubby has customized his ringtones, lock screen, and the windows screen colors. VERY important- the price was better than the T-Mobile store's sale price. I have an iPhone, but I think the Nokia Lumia 521 is just as good and soooo much cheaper. Great starter smart phone.

I have had this product for about 5 months now. There has been a lot of positives about this phone and negatives. First I will start off with the positives. I am not an expert with technology but this phone was great for getting started. It is easy to use and a great way to get a taste of Windows 8. I love that I am able to share stuff from my phone to my computer with the skydrive. It also is very nice for customizing. You can chose the color scheme and design the pins to fit your needs. The battery life is also really nice on this phone. I charge my phone usually every other day. Now for the negatives though. One issue I have had the past few weeks is the phone turning on and off. It seems if I move it in anyway or don't set it down careful it turns off. There has been two occasions in the past two weeks were it shuts off and doesn't turn on for about four hours. I read a lot of reviews online and it seems a lot of people have had that issue. It seems the battery does not fit into the slot right. Another negative is the Microsoft store. It is very underdeveloped. A lot of apps that are on the android market, and apple store are not available for Microsoft phones. If these two problem didn't exist i would give the phone a lot higher of a score.

I am upping my review to 4 stars because of the Wi-Fi calling app.  If you get this phone the first thing you should do is update the software and do a hard reset - this will wipe out everything which is why you want to do it when you first get the phone.  This will install the Wi-Fi calling app.  It will use Wi-Fi seamlessly to make phone calls - when my gf calls me over the Wi-Fi it still shows as her phone number calling.  This is a great feature for her because her workplace is in a near dead zone.I bought this from Walmart for my girlfriend and she has had it for a week.  The first day after about 3-4 hours the screen wouldn't respond to touches.  Had to take the battery out and reset the phone.  Haven't had that issue again.  After updating it a couple of days ago (20+ minute process in itself) it now send texts to my phone l i k e  t h i s and only about 30 characters per message even if the message is longer.  She still has a week to decide to keep it or not.Pros: cheap ($130 @ largest discount store, $150 @ T-Mobile store - don't know why it is $100 more here)Wi-Fi calling featurevoice quality is goodwin phone 8 looks pretty niceSD slotremovable batteryCons: locked up on first dayno led charge indicator so you really have know idea when it is completely charged (this part is absurd)no camera flash - would have paid another $10-20 for thisonly 512M memorycan't set different alarm volumes (as far as we could tell)If you are looking for a cheap phone with a sim card this might be it.  We are hoping to get it unlocked by T-Mobile for our trip to Europe this summer but this is a big unknown right now - another absurd thing is that you buy a phone but you don't control the phone.(deleted part about alarm sounds previews - turns out I stupidly didn't notice the play button next to each alarm)Update: TMobile did unlock the phone so that we could use it in Europe.  Used with a Vodaphone SIM while there without issue.

I bought this Nokia 521 directly from Amazon. The phone arrived fast and was packed well. No complains.The phone is really lightweight and looks decent. Though I am not too happy about the white backside. To cover the back, I bough a black case.The screen is sharp, bright, and colorful. This Nokia runs Windows that is really intuitive and easy to use even for a person (like me) who never had a smartphone before.  The phone feels very fast and responsive. The menus look pretty. You can choose  color and content of your home screen as well as size, color, and location of the icons. Also, I chosen Bing background (beautiful landscapes that update every day or two) for the lock-screen and like it a lot. WiFi works great. It connects to my home or work network instantaneously. So, the only time I use my cellular data is when I travel to/from work. The camera is decent (as phone cameras go), There is no flash though.I quickly set my Gmail, Outlook, Yahoo, Facebook, and Linked-In accounts. After that, I went to the People app and linked profiles of my contacts in all my e-mail social accounts. The phone pulled and aggregated all info from those accounts. So now my contacts all have pictures, birthdays, e-mails, and phone numbers from all those accounts. Very convenient.The pre-installed Nokia apps are very useful. The Scout, Maps, and Navigation helped me a lot when I was on business trip in St Louis. It helped me choose a place to eat or to shop and then guided me to that place. The App Store does not have as many apps as Android (I also own a Nook HD+ tablet that runs Android) or iOS have, but the most important apps are there. And it looks like the quantity and quality of apps are improving.My only complain is regarding the Music player. For some reason, it is unable to play music by folders or play entire albums that have more than one artist. I like to listen to different music when I am working/commuting (easier, more relaxing) and when I am exercising in the gym (harder, more aggressive). I have several albums composed of songs by different artists. This Nokia only plays either from all my collection or by artist. Even though it has an option to choose music by album, it treats an album that contains songs by several artists as sets of albums and plays songs from originally chosen artist only - even if play is set to random!Other than that, I am very happy with my Nokia. It is a great phone and even greater bargain! Just hope someone will write an app to play music by folder or by album.

You can stop looking for a cell phone now, you've just found the best smartphone for $100.  Hell, it's better then some phones that cost $400-600!  The only thing this phone is missing is a flash for the camera that doubles as a flashlight, but that's one of the reason's they can offer it to you under the $100 price bracket.It's funny, I've been able to tell if someone else was also talking on a Lumia 521, they would sound very clear.  Speaking of clear, this phone has a clear reception and texting is great.I bought one for my wife about a week after I got mine for a work phone.  I have also considered getting it on my personal line, because it's much nicer and faster/less glitchy then my Galaxy S droid phone.

Ordered two of these phones.  Both showed up in T-Mobile packaging, and looked great. Nothing wrong there. It wasn't until a few days later that my phone started turning off on it's own even though the battery was fully charged.  Then my husband's phone started having problems too.  He would go to call someone and the phone would just not do the call. He would have to take his battery out and put it back in in order for it  to make calls.Overall very disappointing.  :(  We were really hoping to save a few bucks with these phones but we're coming the realization that sometimes things really are too good to be true.  It's almost impossible to have a good phone at a cheap price.

Its cheap. Good sound. Didn't find some of the apps like US Bank, Capitol one, Discover etc in its store.

This is one of the best phones. It has many features as a smartphone but in my opinion it's better than a smartphone.

I purchased this as a gift.  My recipient loves this phone.  It is such a step-up from the previous device that was used that it seems light years ahead of where they were. Fast, easy to use. Windows. Excellent choice!

I love this phone. It is responsive and quick. The display is clear and the sound is good. The windows 8 tile set up is awesome and makes the phone even more beautiful! The reason why I gave a 4star because there is not much choice of apps and no front facing camera. Other than that it is still a great phone priced right!

It's good for this price, but it's not unlock. I don't know that I can use outside USA. or not.

The phone doesn't turn on anymore after two weeks. When you turn it on it just go blank I will call amazon and get my money back

For the price the functionality and look of this phone is a smokin deal!  It is definitely not an outdated phone it has all the functionality as a galaxy or an iPhone. And actually I prefer this over my iPhone.  I loved it so much that I purchased another one for my daughter who is very young and tech savvy. Which replaced the Nokia n8 phone I just bought her 6 months ago. (n8 has way better camera but that is it)This still has a good camera but no flash but nothing the right lighting wont solve. We actually just discovered the feature where we can voice accept text messages, have them read to us and then speak our reply back all without ever touching the phone. Which comes in handy for sure.  I felt like I was spending hours a day just texting but now it is a breeze and I don't have to stop or put down something just to read and reply to someone's text.This phone is the best one in the category of pre-paid touchscreen windows phones priced 0-$200. AND this phone is only $100 so  I highly recommend it!

My first smart phone. My adult children both have iphones, but I am more frugal, I guess. The Nokia Lumina works fine. Took a while to get used to the functions. I have had it for about 6 weeks. The battery is a little weak.  Overall, though, it fits my needs to be able to access web, keep calendar, music, videos, games.  The Windows system is pretty intuitive.  I give it a B+.

Although I wish it had flash for the camera, however the phone works great. The windows os has really grown on me. Definitely worth the money. Its a great buy and I highly recommend it.

Wi-Fi with this Lumina 521 works a greater distance than most other smart phones (and I have tested the Note 2 & 3, HTC, and LG phones).  I have had this phone for 1 month now, and to date have had no (zero) dropped calls with this device.  (Could be due to the phone, or the excellent T-Mobile network here...  maybe it is a combination of the two together...)Battery life is more than 24 hours with moderate use.  Windows phones OS is outstanding, and has never crashed.  I have restarted the phone only once, when I installed the micro SD card (you have to remove the battery ).Only drawbacks are: smaller screen size and no flash for the camera.  But, the long battery life, small handset size, and light weight properties overshadows these negatives and makes this phone outstanding.  Would recommend, especially for the current price of $99...  Better go ahead and order one while they are still making this model !!

I had  previously purchased a Nokia 521 for use in the Solavei cellular network. It is very user friendly and has functioned superbly. Purchased 2 more for people joining the Solavei network. Everyone's happy!

for 80 bucks its a good deal. But i was using android before this. And whatsapp and Viber are too slow. So if u r a chatting person...i would recommend not to buy this.

For the money, this is more than a good phone. I also like the fact that is a T-Mobile, prepay as you go phone.It has all the features you'll find on a high end phone with the only exception being a 'facing you camera'. It has so many features in fact, I have a difficult time remembering all the different functions. The phone get's on the internet very fast, almost no hesitation. It's stylish, elegant, just plain looks cool and with the windows 8 interface, you can rearrange or create new tiles for the start screen. I would recommend this phone to anyone, particularly those who do not want a long term contract or people who dislike AT&T.

Got this phone in large part because of the WiFi calling feature.  The problem is that you can't send text messages when the WiFi calling is on.  This has been a known issue for months, but Microsoft, Nokia, and T-Mobile haven't bothered to fix it.  The recommended resolution is simply to turn off WiFi calling, which is unacceptable.Also, the call volume is horrible.  The only way to hear someone calling is to put it in speakerphone mode.

Phone comes new in the box WITH A WALL CHARGER, A USB CABLE AND A SIM CARD. If you have an old SIM card you can just stick it in and go. Once three weeks ago it froze while switching incoming calls but since then no issues. Works great, Syncs with car and reads and writes what I say into text while I drive. Very nice phone. Always has signal and battery lasts a long time, more than a day with a reasonable amount of usage going on.

OMG, i love this phone. the price, the software, hardware everything. The speakers is even louder than my iPod touch 5th Generation. So Happy I bought this phone after been sick of Android software and hardware. Thanks Amazon, Windows and goodguy electronics.

I am not a cell phone freak. So I went for it as it was cheap. Now here is the rest of the things which I noticed1-  The touch is excellent2- Windows interface is quite good. but yes some application crashes quite often.3- Not many applications as compared to android or ios4- Camera is the biggest selling point. Its awesome. Its really awesome. Sharp and with focus feature pictures come really good. You can also download some apps to enhance the shooting experience.5- Look wise it is beautiful.6- Battery is same as of all smart phones7- Display is really good.8- Phone is fast with 1 Ghz processor and 512 ram. No lag on games and all.9- Speakers are another USP of nokia. Loud and clear.Verdict: If you are a light user and don't care about gazillions of apps. Go for it. It is value of money.

unfortunately since  i am back home (my country Gabon), i can't use i. i have to wait up to 3 months to get the code (in order to unlock) from the provider.

This phone doesn't look fancy because of the plastic appearance. However, for this price, it is a good deal and it works just fine.

very good product. works great and love it.

Love this phone. Will never go back to the android or the iPhone

This is a phone for my son. He loves it, so I guess it's good. Battery life is terrible unless you have the battery saver on.

Let's face if, everyone has heard all of the cons about the Windows 8 OS on phones, tablets, and computers alike.  I began with the Droid Global (Android OS, in case it isn't obvious), I loved it but it bogged down within a year of heavy use, the apps running in the background really do kill the phone after a while.  I switched to T-Mobile and tried the Nokia Lumia 710, I had it for a year until I recently had a biking accident and smashed the screen to pieces (RIP phone)...but that phone had Windows 7 OS and even after a year, it never "slowed down" like the iPhones and Android phones do alike.  This phone, the Nokia Lumia 521, has the Windows 8 OS (quite the upgrade from Windows 7), after just a year Nokia was able to release a product with a better OS, the Windows market is clearly expanding, and aside from the pointless cons, this phone is truly worth your money.*The "new" phone price on Amazon was half that of what the price was on the T-Mobile website. You will get absolutely the same product, but cheaper. Keep that in mind.Pros:-The ability to make tiles bigger and smaller, helping group up separate categories for apps.-It literally took me under 10 minutes to update everything on the phone, download a handful of apps that I use, syncing my contacts, these guys really do make it easy.-I don't care what people say, the app store is more than sufficient. Although Microsoft did make the mistake of getting into the market much later than the Android and iOS, they're playing catch up and giving them a run for their money. (Taking half a star off for it not being 'up to par' with everything yet, but it's still more than enough).-You can't beat the price for what you get.  An efficient phone with most of the features other modern high end phones come with, Nokia's included apps, at 1/4 the cost of these new high end phones. No flash? Oh no, I'm going to cry. *Sarcasm-It's the perfect size, but it will slip out of your hand if you're not careful: Easy fix, purchasing a $2 phone case on Amazon to give it more protection and grip.Cons:-The app store.  As explained before, it could be bigger..but it has everything you should need, and it's growing.  So, not a huge con on my end.In the end, it's an all around great phone.  Android and Apple do have their perks as well, and I can easily navigate through any of them, but Windows has provided the best experience for me so far.  It's a slight learning curve (which people are afraid of), and it won't be your "Droid Razor" or "iPhone 5", it's something different.Anyone that's going to rant, "how much did Microsoft pay you to write this review?", don't even.  I'm definitely a tech-friendly person, and this is my honest review of the product.  I've read countless reviews, and the only cons I see are simple ranting of people hate Windows 8, and if they happened to get a defective device, stuff happens, sorry to say.This is a great phone for your money, and even better saving money with T-Mobile. Windows definitely has my support.I hope this was worth the read. Have a good one.______________________________________________________________April 1st product update.After four months of medium usage, this phone is still working as well as when I've received it.  I've had more time to explore Windows and what it has to offer, Nokia keeps updates coming regularly, and I can certainly say I'm not insanely disappointed on any end.  My only drawback is seeing that a lot of companies and products are keeping away from making proper Windows applications, but it's nothing that will keep you from buying this phone if you're on a budget.  Onedrive has already done wonders for me with college, and I've received a fair amount of compliments on the phone itself.  Overall; Still a great phone, and well worth your money until you decide to upgrade to something with more features.

Really like the phone. Provides all the necessities of email and browsing for a small price. Love the screen quality as well. Not the highest quality, but it does the job.

its really light my cus likes it.im a apple person but this phone is a good entry level smart phone.

The  phone i purchased works great.I am  very happy with poduct. I am glad i got the pbone from here.

I bought this phone for myself a few months ago.  I absolutely love it.  My husband started playing with my Nokia Lumina 521 before Christmas.  To keep my phone from disappearing into his custody (never to be seen again)  I bought him his very own Lumina 521.  Now we are both happy happy happy!

I bought this phone for my mom she was using a flip phone for years so I told her It's time for a touch screen phone. I read the reviews and I took the chance I was looking for a friendly use phone since she is not very tech savvy. I'm very happy and she is too, she understand the phone and she navigates with no issues. Great phone!!

Received the phone on time and in working order.  It's a good phone with great features.  Would like a better camera.

I like it but it doesn't support adobe flash player some of the web sites I enjoy need adobe like JustinTV and Ustream  so its a big negative. The sound and the videos from you tube are loud and clear so if they fix that adobe it will make it a great phone but no adobe not so great.

This is my first Windows phone, so I'm still getting used to it, and learning how to use it. I previously owned iPhones and Androids. Apps are not as readily available, that was the first thing I noticed! But so far, the phone is great. I haven't had any issues with it at all. It came with a sim card, but I took my old T-Mobile sim card, and cut it to fit. It immediately recognized it, and I didn't need to do any kind of activation. It doesn't have a flash for the camera, so keep that in mind if you use your camera a lot.

Great phone price even better ! Does a lot, very fast, and easy to work I recommend this phone !

I LOVE LOVE LOVE this phone.Pros:- The tile interface is superb, easily customizable and easy to use.- The screen is pretty amazing.- The camera is pretty darn good and you get a lot of really good photo apps (Panoramic photos etc.)- Very resilient; I dropped from a considerable height and the only thing that happened was that the plastic case and the phone itself got separated.- I actually like the plastic case; makes it feel modern and playful- Windows actually has a lot of really good apps. You can get Whatsapp, Amazon Kindle, Facebook, Twitter etc., but also many smaller and fun apps- Very good maps, available offline as well- Pretty gast processing and speedy with the WiFi- The sound is also a strong point. You can really hear videos or music pretty well- Speaking of music: you can get Nokia music, that also has integrated mix radios for free.- Easy to configure for Office (you can edit spreadsheets!), but also for Google products- Good size; easily manageable in your handCons:- if you use it a lot, the battery will go in a day (I guess it's proof of how much you're using it, because it's so good)- No front facing camera, so no Skyping.Really, I love this phone. For the price, it's probably one of the best smartphones out there. I don't see why I'd pay 600$ for a fancy iPhone or for a bulky Galaxy S4 when this phone can get me through the day and be super fun.

It's been good so far and was happy how fast I recieved it. It was very nice also... I will do it again

I love my windows 8 its the best , its faster than iphone and android! I bought mine thru tmobile which cost 126.00 for each phone , we have a family plan with unlimited everything for 120.00 only. The only thing that doesnt have on this phone is candy crush and meetme but who cares I can live without it on my phone because I have it on my tab 2! And another is the battery life is great it last about 2-3 days if u barely use it. And if its on stand by around 16 days. And the camera  is also great even thou it doesnt have a front camera and flash !Thank god I made the right decision to get this phone :) to everyone if you wanna switch to tmobile they will pay your early termination fee from ur carrier.

Disclaimer: We have been Windows 8/8.1 users since its introduction in 2012 and we like the pc dual desktop/start and live tile format.  We are also current T-Mobile customers.This phone was easy to become familiar with and use.  It is like a lite version of a Windows 8 pc without the desktop.  The Amazon price was VERY affordable and we encountered no problems changing to the new sim card (provided with the phone) with T-Mobile.  This is a good basic smartphone with only one camera, rear-facing, and no flash.  The 7gb of phone memory can fill fairly quickly but music, photos and videos can be stored on an optional micro-sd card (we have a 64gb microSDXC card).  All apps are required to be saved to the phone. The Wi-Fi calling and data really help reduce cell usage.  The phone syncs with Win 8.1 pc if same account login is used. Also T-Mobile announced in April that the Windows Phone 8.1 update will be available for 521 phones this summer.

Love this phone i use it all the time. the 4g speeds are faster than i expected for such a cheap phone .

Its good for the most part.I ordered 3 but one of them had a battery issue and i didnt purchase the warranty so i'll have to buy a battery replacement for it.details: battery wont charge sometimes so i have to jiggle it until its in the right position. phone dies to the slightest bump - taking the battery out and back in usually fixed this until the next time i bumped my phone.Another slight problem is that where i live, i dont have very good cellular internet speeds, but its ok because i can just use the wifi.no other problems to report so far

For a reliable phone that cost less than a hundred, it cannot be beat,  a good phone for a great price

I have had this phone for about 2-3 months.  It has all the features I want, and I was very pleased with it.  In the last couple of weeks it has not been keeping a charge, and the speaker phone option does not work  It has been a couple of months since I purchased it, so it is too late to return it.  I have heard that this phone has issues. and I am now beginning to experience some of those issues. This started off to be one of the best phones I ever had, but now I think it was a mistake to purchase this phone.

This is a great phone for a great price.  Hooked right into our T-Mobile account.  I was worried at first about the plastic casing from the factory, but we added a cover and screen protector and not so worried about it breaking now with the added protection.  I just couldn't be any more pleased for a good, entry level phone that has a lot of cool stuff as well...  hen you consider that most phones are inexplicably pricier than a nice laptop - this is a great value...

not bad

I have had the phone for a few days now and so far so good ! I like learning the windows OS . Good value for the price . Someone mentioned that you could not record with the camera that is not true the phone does videos as well . The camera is not the greatest but for the price its just fine . I would recommend this phone to anyone looking for good value at a lower price .

This phone is horrible. The manual instruction does not give good explanation on how use different things on the phone. I will be returning this phone since it sucks. The calls are not clear and it makes horrible sound sometimes, can not record with the camera, can not resend the text messages, have to retype them, text messages do not go through every time so you have to re send and re type them. I do not have nothing good to say about this phone.

this phone is a nice phone but y i dislike the phone because i order it unlocked when it get to me it is locked a day like today i can't not get it unlocked

I'm streaming the music from my Windows 8 Laptop to my phone when im out and about. The system itself is fluid as hell. The ringtone situation should allow me to used songs i have but i just got the phone so im still kinking the bugs out. but all-in-all its a Great phone. I mean C'mon, ITs A NOKIA B****! NUFF SAID!

For the moment we decided to go with the $30/mo T-Mobile prepaid plan from Wal-Mart that comes with 100 min of talk, unlimited text, and 5 GB of data per month. This is the best phone available with that plan under $275.Pros:- Five years ago people would have paid a lot of money for the functionality you get in this phone- This phone from Amazon works with the Wal-Mart plan. This phone is replacing one that got wet and wouldn't text anymore. We just swapped out the SIM card. (Before you do that, make sure to back up your apps to the cloud if you can, then using the Nokia &#34;Transfer My Data&#34; app to transfer your contacts with Bluetooth. Your old phone needs to be functional for this to work).- Unlike Apple products, the virtual keyboard makes it clear when a letter is capitalized.Cons- Nowadays this phone is relatively mediocre- Call quality is ok- Touchscreen is somewhat touchy and the virtual keyboard can be difficult to use- The Wifi calling feature almost never works, and when it's on it interferes with texting- The biggest problem with it is that it's a Windows phone.  The number of apps available for Windows phones is abysmal. Some key apps I would like to have are only on the iPhone and Android.- The phone can apparently function as mobile hotspot, but not on my plan- T-mobile does not have a clear and comprehensive list of what phones will work with our plan

I love my phone its easy to download music and the sounds are great I would recommend this phone its great

the phone is very nice, but if I ask for an unlocked phone so you do not get locked sent me, in my country I will not do anything with this phone seems a mockery and a lack of respect and seriousness on your part I hope this post serves of something and hope for answers saticfactorias amazon or you I'm upset about this you do not know the need of others to do these things. if you want to buy a cell phone users do so gentlemen this seller not serious and are not victims like me.

This smart phone is perfect for the people who are not looking for high end cell phones(IPhone, Samsung).  You can add microSD card upto 64gb if needed and doesn't come with one.  I charge the phone every night.  Making calls(including wifi calling), GPS(free HERE map 2.9gb for all of US), emails (Yahoo, microsoft live, outlook), facebook works fine, weather channel etc, all very good.  I have also used the phone to watch video tutorials and it is okay.  Windows 8 phone(no negatives).  The picture quality is excellent.  Operation is not complicated either.

This is such an amazing smart-phone for a great price! I love that you can choose to set up the phone without allowing data usage if you don't want it to use 4G data! The screen smudges pretty easily, but that can be fixed with a screen protector. My only problem, was that the battery was loose, so the phone would power off frequently when the battery wiggled a little. That was easily solved with a folded up sheet of paper put into the battery clot to hold everything in tighter! This is such a great phone and I would recommend to anyone! anything bad you've heard you can throw out the door!

My $385 Nexus 5 phone can't do some of the stuff this phone is capable of doing. It is of the familiar Windows environment (as opposed to the way things work in Android), and it seems that the new features were added to make it very user friendly. It is different than Android and takes time to get used to, but it is a joy to discover new settings on this phone. It does not have hundreds of thousands of apps similar to Google&#8217;s Android, but I don't need all those apps - I only use a few favorite apps that are readily available.I am really impressed at the speed, user friendliness, cost, and features of this phone and defiantly recommend it.

Since Nokia is Microsoft truly a bad phone,on my second one in 3 months,first one could not connect to internet and dropped calls,this new one,cant connect to send a text,the designer must have been drunk to put the volume button on the top corner so that even when locked,can turn volume low or off so you never know what is going on ....the plus side you can talk to it from a pocket or purse as long as you talk slow....speech recognition is not great..I am getting an LG android ....cant deal with MICROSOFT

I don't like the way the phone calls are set up, I am use to missed, placed, dial, etc.  They are all in one section no separation.

I've had this phone for roughly 2 months now.  At first the phone was great!I initially purchased this phone due to the fact that my old phone's earpiece sucked...I couldn't hear anything.  So I decided that it was time for an upgrade.  Web worked well, calls came in clear and I could hear what the other person was saying, it had some okay apps...not really an app person.  But then a couple of weeks ago I started noticing dropped calls and bad call quality; calls would break up or become full of static.  So I called T-Mobile and they had me reset the phone and I went to a T-Mobile retail location to try replacing the SIM card.  Nothing has worked.  It has been two weeks and I have experienced more and more dropped calls.  Not sure if it's the device or T-Mobile service.  So, I attempted several times to contact T-Mobile's billing department from my land line and their story was that they couldn't hear me.  Customer service and Tech Support could hear me just fine.  The reason I was contacting billing was to see if they could compensate me for the two weeks I have been unable to receive reliable service and to pay my bill.  They hung up 3 times.  I'm done with dealing with T-Mobile...their customer service is AWFUL!!!  It's worse that AT&T.; Will be sending this phone back for a replacement after Monday.  I have my old phone which needs a SIM card which I can use until T-Mobile sends me a replacement for the Nokia Lumia 521.  If the replacement doesn't work, I will then know it is T-Mobile's service and send the phone back for a refund and head back to AT&T.;Update:  04/07/2014.For a short while my phone service with TMobile was good.  But then I began having the same issues and then some!  It was not the phone, it was the service provider.  My calls kept getting dropped, or they'd cut out and I couldn't send or receive texts.  So, my advice at this point would be to buy the phone and immediately get an unlock code, once it's unlocked you can take it to AT&T;, or another provider which works with Nokia.

I bought this phone as a gift.  It's really a great deal... since T-Mobile purchased MetroPCS they are now selling the T-Mobile network (not the older MetroPCS network) for less than T-Mobile is... you can get this phone for $99 (no rebate) with no contract and unlimited everything for $60/month.

The Nokia Lumina is a fantastic buy, it's less expensive than an Apple IPhone, but, stll has Windows 8, is easier to use, and you are not trapped into ITunes.

It's a steal basically. The functions are pretty great considering the price. The Windows 8 system is speedy and easy to use, although the lack of popular apps such as Candy Crush and no flash player available is sort of disappointing. (But that's the OS system and not the phone.) I absolutely love the fact that I just had to cut up my SIM card from my old flippy phone, and the phone still works perfectly. Kind of wish the volume for 1/30 was a bit fainter, but it's all right.

This phones was great when I first brought it but after 1 weeks it  shut down I couldn't answer the phone I would not turn on

Preface:  Have previously had iPhone and Android(more memory errors for this table).  Android was OK when it did not totally suck.  That was about a 50-50 split.  iPhone was foreign.  Just not right.  Ever.  And Apple nickel and dime you endlessly.  iPhone is a wireless sales device like Kindle.  On to the Windows Phone 8&#8230;.Pros:Easy learning curve.Nokia online video users guides. (nokiasetup dot com)  Highly recommend you watch it before buying.Very high touch screen sensitivity.  Great resolution.  Excellent keyboard.Light weight (see cons).Great battery life.Very good camera (see cons).Highly customizable.Has Bluetooth transfer app to get data from your old phone.Live Tiles make sense on a touch screen.  They even look good.NO bloat ware.  You can de-crapify your phone without rooting.Do not have to root to get a good operating system (like Android).Automatic handoff from cell tower to wifi.4G!!!  Fast wireless N networking!!!Total voice control including text to voice and voice to text.  Texts come in with voice alert and choice of actions.  Check out nokiasetup dot com&#62;People and Messaging&#62;Voice Text Messaging.  It is awesome!Most importantly &#8211; great call quality.PRICE.Cons:Slippery and white, get a case.Plastic screen, get a screen protector.No flash for camera.No give away of the day site (like Amazon offers free apps  for Android).Conclusion:The Nokia 521 is not a cheap phone.  It is a great phone at an incredible price point.  Only shortcoming is the plastic screen, meaning its digitizer (touchscreen) will probably die in 2-4 years.

I want to make it clear that I'm an Android guy and likely will never use a Windows phone. Having said that, this phone is actually pretty good for the price.  It's amazingly responsive.  No new Android phone that I know of would be that &#34;fast&#34; feeling if it was under $100 new.  I played with it for a few days and then gave it to my 13-yr-old son.  He's not that into phones so he was happy to have an upgrade from an old Android phone that had too little memory to download much.  So all-in-all...if you don't care much about what operating system or having all the latest Apps, this is a pretty good, basic device.  If you're a phone power user, I couldn't suggest this.

Never had a windows phone but it was pretty easy to adjust to. The price is incredible for this phone, absolutely incredible and now they lowered it even more?! Of course as soon as I buy it they drop it $20 grr... But at any rate this is an awesome phone, lot of stuff to keep you occupied. Highly recommend this

Phone is ok but needs access to more popular applications.  Not as easy to use as my HTC was.

If Microsoft and Nokia are able to garner a profit from this product, then the future may bode well for both of them, indeed. If they can come up with products of the same price/performance ratio across their lines of tablets and computers and what have you, they will be hard to ignore in their marketplaces. A real alternative to the likes of i-Phone, a superbly thought-out design in hardware and software, at a bargain price. The Lumia 521 combines perfectly with T-Mobile's competitive range of plans, but can also be enjoyed as a smartphone without plan (i.e. without phone use). AT&T; offers the technically identical Lumia 520 at an attractive price without contract.On my wishlist for Windows Phone 8:- deeper integration of speech recognition, not just available for web searches and translation and few others but throughout all apps imbedded in keyboard- more access to folder structure and files not just on Skydrive but on the hard drive and on the SDcard as well- tech support by Microsoft for Windows Phone OS (currently non-existent). It would not only benefit users but also provide Microsoft valuable feedback for their still nascent OS. Take note of Amazon.com launching their "Mayday" live video support button on their new generation of Kindle Fires!

I wanted a phone for wi-fi calling and no data plan. T-Mobile informed me that this phone could be used without a data plan. The first one I purchased would not connect to my wi-fi router. It kept saying "wrong password". I also tried entering the WEP key - wouldn't work.  Also wouldn't connect to nearby open networks.  Tech support ultimately suggested that the problem might be the phone. I could easily enter my contacts into the phone and call via tower but not wi-fi.  I returned this phone and the second phone DID connect to my router - using the WEP key, not the password. However --- this phone would not let me enter any of my contacts because I had not enabled "Microsoft Contacts" (demands your phone number, email address, password, etc) and the touch screen did not work properly.  Almost had to pound on it.  However this phone did make wi-fi calls and allow internet access without a data plan.  But in the end, I returned it for a bad touch screen and did not try a 3rd one because I find Microsoft's demand for my personal information to be way too intrusive.  Didn't care for the Prism II android either but will keep an eye out for another reasonably priced android if they can do wi-fi calling.

This phone does 90% or more of what you would get from a iPhone or Galaxy phone at a fraction of price ($80 vs $600) with no contract. Buy it!

My daughter received the phone today! She is very happy! A special thank you to marylara who sent a duplicate phone while waiting for the first phone to be returned to them because I had entered the wrong address on the first shipment....thank you again!

Because of the Windows operating system this phone has a pretty limited app selection. The camera doesn't have flash, so no flashlight and you can't make playlists on the phone or directly access files on the micro SD (at least I haven't been able to, not for lack of trying). Honestly, I infinitely preferred the 2-year-old Samsung Gravity I upgraded from to this thing. It's just not user-friendly, and the touchscreen cracks if you drop it on one of its corners.

This phone is exactly what Windows 8 looks like it was designed for. It's sleek, easy to maneuver, and the touch screen is easy to set to respond to your touch. I was afraid I wasn't going to like it, but I do love it now!

its not android! finally away from those greedy claws way too much weirdness with android now..im glad microsoft stepped it up

This phone is very very fast.  It has always kept up with my abusive behavior of switching between 10 apps every minute.  The screen is big enough to enjoy watching movies on.  There is no better deal that I could find for the price.  It has 8 gigs internal memory!So here are the quirks:1.) Loose battery connection - The battery will slip out of place because the prongs are set a little too loose if it is shaken or shifted too quickly in your pocket.  This was super annoying as it turned my phone off several times a day.  I found out that many people had this problem.  To fix it, just wrap some paper around the battery to stick it in tight.2.) Limited apps and limited &#34;messing with it&#34; - This was a sad one for me because there is absolutely no way to explore the internal files on the phone.  Windows didn't build a file explorer into the system on purpose (security, hacks).  I hate not being able to get to the internal organs of my phone but I have to deal with it.  The apps are limited.  Companies make apps for iphones and androids and few make them for windows phones.3.) Many things don't save onto SD card - This is the very worst thing, in my opinion.  It only saves pictures, video, and music obtained the &#34;proper&#34; way.  If you install an app to search and download music beware.  It will save it to phone memory and there is no way to transfer it to the sd card!So, I just listed the bad things so you'll know, but the truth is I really like this phone.  It's internal memory is enough for all the apps I use and more.  It's FAST.  Startup time is less than 30 seconds.  Camera takes beautiful landscape pictures and has a great editing tool.  This phone is CHEAP for what you get.  1 Ghz processor with 512 mb ram.

I have used Nokia and T-Mobile for some time and have always used relatively cheap phones. I break them and don't need a game phone. My last phone was a Nokia X2 with a standard buttons and a real QWERTY keyboard. The Lumia is the first touch screen phone I have used. I used both phones with the same T-Mobile 1500 min of voice and text plus 30 megs of data. Yes that is megs and not gigs. I don't need a lot of data. I have had the phone for over a month now. That is the context for this review.You can go from the X2 to the Lumia easily for very basic use. Beyond that it takes some time to learn. Finding how to do things often takes searching the internet for them. This is a Windows 8 phone but it is not like your win 7 desktop. On the X2 you could select an item and then you would have a key for options. In win 7 you would have drop down menus of options. You have neither on the Lumia. Some options are hidden. Some options are little icons, very little. There are a lot of them but usually only a few on a screen at a time. If you need reading glasses you will want to have them ready until you know the icons by placement. There is also on some screens a "..." which indicate there is more information below the bottom of the screen, that can be accessed by sliding the image up. In some other cases there are option that have to be taken while selecting an item, not after it is selected. To select an item you just tap it, but to bring up options touch and hold the item.On the main (home) screen there is a phone icon. If you tap it a list of calls, incoming, outgoing, and missed, comes up. At the bottom are four icons, voicemail, keypad, people, search, and "...". If you slide the image up you will see the names of the icons and two more options, Delete All, and Settings. There are no other option to see. No option for sorting the calls by incoming, outgoing or missed, something I could do on the X2. I did find that if I touch and hold a number there is an option to delete that call. I like to keep missed calls and some special calls listed in the call history so "delete all" is not an option for me. The delete call option is actually easier and quicker to use than the options menu and buttons on the X2. You just have to know how to find it.Another option that took me some time to find was for forwarding text messages or resending them. From the Home screen there is a Messaging icon. Tapping it brings up a list of threads or conversations. If you tap on one a list of messages in that thread appear. Again, there are little icons at the bottom and the "...". You will want to check them out. If you want to forward a message or resend an old one you have to know there are options that come up by touching and holding an entry for a message, delete, forward and copy. However, if there is only one message in a thread then you only have that and when you tap on the thread you go right into the message and those three options are not offered. If you touch and hold the listing for the thread the only option you get is to delete the thread. If I am wrong about this someone let me know. This is more difficult than on the X2.I have large fingers and I need to hold the phone in landscape orientation and not portrait or I get to many errors where it thinks I want the next key over. In landscape orientation the keyboard is better than the X2. Otherwise the X2 is better.Sometime the Lumia does not respond to my touch. This mostly happen with incoming calls and I can't get it to answer. It does not happen often and it can be with other features too, not just calls.Once the Lumia froze and I had to take the battery out. To do it as the instructions say is almost impossible for me. I find it easiest to do by releasing the side opposite the power button first. Be careful, the halves can be hard to hang onto. There is suppose to be a way to reboot the Lumia holding the power button but it did not work for me.The camera can be better than the one in the X2, which was not much good, but not always. The problem with the camera is it needs good lighting or any movement of the subject or camera causes terrible blur. In the sunshine it does a good job.On the plus side. The Lumia has data use controls that limit the data use. If you make good use of them you can get by with the 30 meg limit on the prepay plans. On the home screen is a Data Sense icon. Using Data Sense you can let the Lumia know how many days you have until your megs expire, and how many megs you have. I add a few days and reduce the number megs to leave me some extra room but I don't seem to need to do that. The Data Sense icon will display the numbers of days and megs left. In the setting for the Lumia under Celluar is a setting for Data Connection. You can turn that off and stop data use on the cellular network. There is another for Limited Wi-Fi Connectivity and another for Data Roaming.WiFi works for me. The use of data over Wi-Fi does count against my data limit. I have not paid much attention to whether calls count. 1500 min has been more than enough for me anyway. I assume Wi-Fi calls do not. At the end of my plan's 30 days I download maps and apps with my remaining megs.If I use the Lumia much the battery runs out much faster than the X2. It also charges faster. Not a big deal for me.The voice quality of callers is probably the best of any phone I have had. The phone feels good and fits my media pocket on my pants.If you want a Windows phone it is good for the money, but it is not a great phone.

After buying this phone, I used it less than a week before switching back to my Android.  You know all the annoying crashes, configuration problems, viruses, etc. that your Windows desktop PC has?  Well surprise surprise, Windows on a cell phone has all the same problems.  Do yourself a favor and get an Android or an iPhone because Microsoft does NOT know how to make cell phone software.

The phone is awesome and can do many things other phones can not do. I would recommend this phone to anyone.

I'm very happy with this phone and service.  Compared to other phones we have (Galaxy S3, Galaxy Nexus, iPhone 4S) the quality is high and it is only lacking in features. No NFC, front camera, flash, or compass.  Everything else is there and works great. WP8 is smooth and snappy.  Read the other reviews, it is a really good phone.  Excellent even, when you look at how much more you'd pay for comparable phones.

If you are considering this phone - look no further! I've had iPhones and Androids. For the money, this is definitely the way to go! All the things you NEED are on this phone, for 1/10 the price. Navigation is excellent (better than iPhone) it even tells you when you're speeding! The xbox music store has everything iTunes has, and everything is 'free' (unlimited downloads) for $9.99 a month.it has all the apps I use, the camera works GREAT,  memory is expandable, and the battery lasts  FOREVER and charges very quickly. Love it!

I am older and bought this amazingly cheap phone to become  familiar with smart phones and Windows 8.  It's a phone, its a wifi device for web surfing, a stand alone GPS device that can run offline from T-mobile (no minutes or MBytes used) and has voice recognition/ask it a question vs. keying it in.  It will identify songs playing on the radio within  a few seconds with name and group performing. Nokia provides a free music service offline as well.  I use it as a wifi device with no phone plan active.  It will do anything a $500 smart phone can do except it is missing a camera flash.To download free maps (HERE maps-very good), the phone went online (using WIFI hot spot)  to grab the maps I selected and install them.  Again, no connection to T-Mobile since no active account.  Very impressive.  Will it replace my flip phone?  Nope.  I want tactile keys for dialing. Will it replace my Garmin GPS?  Probably not.  More detail on dedicated Garmin GPS.  However, for an all in one device that you can carry in a shirt pocket, it is still impressive regardless of price. and this one is dirt cheap at under $100.  The microsoft store is obviously selling these at cost or below cost to build awareness of window o/s phones and to showcase Nokia phones now owned by Microsoft.  Grab one or two.  A great buying opportunity.

I'd never used Windows 8 before getting this phone, and I was wary of how it was all going to work. Overall, I'm very happy with the quality of it for the price. I've had it since it was released in May. It's intuitive to set up and easy to use. I like how it ties in and syncs with Outlook . com and the Windows Phone website. I live in NYC and have had no problems with phone or internet signal on T-Mobile.The available apps, while not as plentiful as those available for iPhone and Android, offer all the features that are most important to me. Installation of apps is simple. Predictive text works very well and makes texting fun. The camera pales in comparison to more expensive smartphone cameras, but it's fine. 512MB RAM prevents me from getting some of the more intense games out there, but I haven't found it limiting to me personally. Playing games on the phone isn't that important to me, and there are still a lot of fun games that work on it.The phone itself crashes every so often, maybe once every few weeks - I have to take the battery out to get the thing to restart - but in general I find it reliable. I've had very few problems with it and am pleased to have it.

I love this phone! I will admit I am the least tech-savvy person I know aside from my mother, so it doesn't take a lot to impress me. But this phone impresses me. The battery life is good. The signal strength varies but I live in the middle of BFE...I have had to look up how to do things...like get my voicemail, but other than that, pretty straightforward.

I &#8216;m very picky usually when I buy something like this, but I was forced to take a fast decision this time (by a broken old phone) and I have no regrets! And I bought it for $140 not 70, 6+ months ago from Walmart. So for this price don&#8217;t even think, has a lot of apps and features you can use, GPS and no data plan necessary, is really a good deal! I&#8217;ll buy again if I&#8217;ll need one! Only problems I had were dropped calls few times, but I&#8217;m pretty sure it was carrier&#8217;s fault. A very good battery life, but I&#8217;m not a heavy user. God job, Nokia!

The nokia 521 cell phone is very good but the battery needs frequent charge, I have no data plan, I only use it for phone 4-5 calls  /day as well as very limited text messages. and the phone is on battery saver setting. I don't understand the frequent battery recharge problem?? May be battery manf. defect. I will be only satisfied if they send me a battery without any defect.

Love this phone.  I bought this phone as an experiment to see if I could get used to a Windows 8 phone and all I can say is that it exceeded my expectations by far.  Not only am I impressed with the hardware, but I'm also impressed with the operating system.  The phone itself works great:  very smooth and responsive.  The features work flawlessly every time.  Nokia has done a great job in producing such a great phone at such an affordable price.  Also, they packed the phone really cool features.  The only drawbacks on the phone is that it has no flash for the camera and no forward facing camera for Skyping; but those are small details I willing to live with.  Microsoft really did a great job with the operating system.  By the way, transitioning to this phone took no time at all. Nokia included an app that allows you to move all your contacts and pictures to the phone in just a matter of minutes.  It is very intuitive and easy to use. I highly recommend.

I previously used a Nokia Lumia 710 and really liked it, so I was familiar with the Lumia type Windows phone. I have no disappointment using this newer, windows 8 phone.Pros-1. solid phone for calls. no problems with poor connections or dropped calls after 3-4 weeks.2. surprisingly good camera. this phone has NO flash for the camera, but I've been surprised several times at how good the photos come out. I hold the phone up. Point it in the general direction of what I want to photograph. Push the button and I can now see my target lit up. I learned in photographing a recent snow shower that it has a slow shutter speed to allow more light in. My wife's photos from her camera were crisp with little flakes of snow. My pictures had long streak of snow.3. decent selection of apps. I am not a heavy app user, but I can find everything I've looked for except glide beta video messaging.4. this phone has significantly better voice recognition than my Lumia 710. I kinda miss the crazy humor of my phone trying to interpret my speech. It used to make for some really funny texts.5. Screen is not great but still very good.Cons-1. The phone will reboot randomly. It will reboot itself, similar to the old Microsoft blue screen of death from DoS days. Every 2-3 days, when I launch an app it shuts off and reboots.Still glad I have it. I am NPT a $400-$600 phone kinda guy. This is a great budget phone. I bought on Amazon for $79. It came witha charger (2 actually- 1 longer to plug into included wall plug and a shorter one to use at the computer plugged into a USB port),sim card (but I simply installed my old T-Mobile sim and it worked. Nothing else needed).It did not include an earpiece, case or any other accessories.

This phone is fantastic. I am still trying to figure out how to operate its awesomeness. This phone is so high tech. It has Microsoft Word, its own music library and tons of other exciting things. I just found out how to screen shot now I just wish it had a front camera so I can video chat on my phone.

I specifically chose unlocked cell phone cause i live in Trinidad and as such my daughters will be using a Trinidad cellular service provider. When I received the phone and put in my daughters' old sim cards in the both phones I am getting the error message &#34;This sim card can only be used on specific networks. Contact your customer service center for the unlock code. 10 attempts remainingI went into B-Mobile one of our local service provider and brought two new sim card, on installing the new sim cards and restarting phones the same error messages were received again on both phone. Very Very disappointing.On re-visiting your website today I am see Nokia Lumia 521 (T-Mobile) under your unlock phone selection list with no clear label as with other phones under this selection list just as per my purchase/order, clearly something is wrong here as stated earlier the phone isnt unlocked as your website displays it to be. I now have to decide if to attempt to return both phones or get both unlocked, very unsatisfed

Good for basic smartphone things like email, internet, Twitter, and FB if you're into that. It doesn't have apps as good as Android or iOS. But for $69 I can't complain too much. *whisper* Buy this phone from Microsoft's website, it's cheaper than Amazon. Ahem, the battery life is good if you don't have cellular data turned on. It lasted 36 hours easily with light usage. I don't have a data plan so I don't know how long the phone would last with it turned on. One thing that bothered me is that the battery was really hard to remove when I had to slide my SIM card in. This phone will get an upgrade to WIndows phone 8.1 this summer with the personal assistant feature, so yay!

After I washed my old phone I decided to get a new one and since I had purchased a touch screen laptop it seemed a good move to get a windows phone.

Forget the fact that its only 115 bucks, forget that its a no contract unlocked phone, because this Nokia product is amazing. The windows 8 system is the best I've ever used if u don't buy this you will regret. It for sure.

I DEARLY LOVE THIS PHONE DOES LOTS MORE THAN I EXPECTED AND HAS 1 CAMERA PLUS YOU CAN DOWNLOAD 3 MORE CAMERA SITES .........ALL 4 TAKE WONDERFUL PICTURES - CLEAR TOO.

I don't know why I ever left windows phone for android in the first place!I love this phone ever so much!It's perfect! Everything you need in a phone.And moves and responses fast and quick.Definitely won't regret this phone!

are you Looking for a change? Go for a lumia..Its worth the price and good smart phone at entry level.

This is a really good phone for the price. I have really enjoyed this phone. It's really like having a great smart phone without paying an arm and a leg.

I love my phone. It came in a short time frame and I'm able to do all that I need. I just wish it had a flash BUT it takes great pics when the lighting is good!!

nice phone

The phone is great, no doubt.The problem is that the phone  is locked to T-mobile.I bought it to use it in canada and for my vacations in the US. T-mobile refused to unlock it: you must activate the phone and be  one of their clients for several months (more than I can wait...). The Nokia Company refused to unlock it too....Expect to pay between 40 to 75 canadian dollars in Canada to get it unlocked. You may find websites that propose to unlock it for less, but no warranty on that. Finally, it took me more than 15 days to get it unlocked and the final cost was near the one I could have paid if I have bought it in canada. I should 've bought it there: less stress and efforts...

This is my first smart phone and I wanted no contracts and didn't need the all bells and whistles so I took advantage of the low price on the Lumia 521.  For texting, clarity of phone call, 4g connections and wifi this is a really good phone at a good price.The only negatives is the quality of the camera which for 5 megapixel I had hoped would be better.  The other negative is not just for this phone but for windows phones in general and that is the limited number of apps available. Nevertheless for my purposes there is enough.

Okay I'll start by saying this is a very attractive handset at this price point but caveat that by saying it has its weaknesses that one will only overlook if you can't afford anything more than say $250.ProsCheapHas all the features and apps you are likely to need.  Simple and attractive smartphone OS.Free turn by turn sat nav with offline mappingPlenty of speed and ramConsCamera - I found it to be substandard and hard to focus at times in moderate indoor light.  I've used better 5mpixel cameras on mid range phones.Build - Feels hollow and the rear cover is a little tricky to removeMicro sim onlyT-mobile - really bad unlock policy (continuous day by day use for 30 days) on prepay so unless you know of a place to unlock it and are willing to pay you'd better be loyal to t-mobile!Large for a 4" screen.

The phone handled pretty nice when I played with it at the store (Walmart).I would buy it at Walmart though.  Amazon sent me a USED phone that T mobile put a lock on since the previous owner did not pay for it entirely. I of course sent it back to Amazon.  Save yourself the time & trouble! Buying at Walmart, you know you are getting a NEW phone!  Plus Walmart has their $30 / month prepaid cards/sims that give you 5 GB(unlimited 2g after using up 5GB at 4g), unlimited Texts, & 100 minutes voice/ month.  Walmart sells Tmobile phones and even their &#34;Family plan&#34; prepaid phones are compatible with Tmobile since they use Tmobile's network.

I am using this phone for a 6 month and this is one of the best phones I ever can think about.It has almost all functionality that most expensive i-phones and android phones has except flash and gyro-compass,.Excellent GPS/Navigation system with 3d and vehicle speed notification, tons of free apps that are available for speedy download, wifi calling,facebook, youtube, skype, viber, hotmail, yahoo, gmail and more mail boxes and many many more.Finally tiles that are incredibly useful and informative with pin/unpin options. And all this done in the phone that cost NOT $500+ but 70 dollars now(I did purchase it for 150)I am very strict to the items that purchasing and rarely rate them more then 3-4 stars, but this is exception for sure. I highly recommend this low budget smartphone for person who really needs functionality instead look cool. With regards

I like the way the Windows is set up. It was an excellent value. Meets all my needs. I highly recommend it



I use my phone mostly as a PHONE, however this Nokia phone with Windows and Camera is outstanding. Apps are easy to use and download and navigation is easier than Android especially when I got to used to it. Where I stay we have a weak T-Mobile signal and it is compensated with Wi-Fi home signal. And it will provide my laptop with Wi-Fi share; my old Android couldn't figure out. Learn as I go UPDATE: This Windows Operating System is very well compatible with my laptop, and share the same cloud "OneDrive" I can share photos and contacts with ease.

Received the phone and from the first day it would not hold a charge. Had to send it back and purchase a new one at a local retailer for more money. Did not want to wait for a new replacement since a new phone plan had been open for the person the phone was purchased for. No time to wait! The second phone we purchased works great. Had no problems getting a refund.

My daughter dropped her 520 so I purchased the 521, she wanted a phone that was $200+, get a job.  I haven't heard on any bad things with this phone.

Love it! Works well with my simple mobile account. It's a fun new upgrade for me especially for the price! The only thing is that there isn't a front facing camera but still great!

Windows phones rock! Don't tell anyone. Easy to set up and easy to use! One of the best kept secrets ever.

Does everything I need a phone to do.  I read one review that didn't like the camera because it didn't have a flash.  This camera can do so many amazing things!!  Things I never knew cameras could do even!! In my opinion it doesn't need a flash!  Camera files are easy to save and upload to your computer. After I got it I read that it was the number 1 top selling prepaid phone on Amazon!  It's very pretty to look at and easy access to all your apps.

I bought this from HSN for $79 to replace my aging unlocked iPhone 3, "I refuse to sign another phone contract for two years, using T-Mobile $30 unlimited Text and Data plan that you can only get from Walmart" and I am not disappointing. Not the most advanced phone out but it does the Job. Only thing I miss is a few apps flipboard and pocket, I'm happy until the Nexus 5 is released.Update1 month in and still happy. More apps are coming and the performance have been great. I love the SD card expansion for video and music, only wish I could save apps to the SD card.Now how to unlock this thing to take out of the country

This is a great smart phone. Very easy to use. I'm in love with the camera and the layout is fun as well.

I wasn't sure about moving to a Windows Phone.  I had an android and it was fine, but I wanted to switch carriers and it became annoying to have to pay soooo much for higher end phones and be stuck in a contract.  I saw this on Amazon and decided to give it a try.  I wanted to try out t-mobile's new plans and thought it would be worth it (no contract).  The phone was easy to setup.  The Windows interface is very easy to use and I really like the Live Tiles - didn't realize how nice that feature would be.  The battery life is good - lasts for the whole day for me with medium internet usage, texting and several phone calls.  No complaints on the phone or t-mobile.

From day one the phone would just shut down randomly.  It was brand new and was really hoping  for the best.  Had it checked out and no issue with apps or downloads and no obvious problem with battery, but suspect it was still battery connection issue, but not sure.

This phone is slammin'! That's urban slang for, it's a really nice phone. I'm not going to provide any technical details, but I will say that for the price, this phone delivers a lot of good stuff in a really nice package. The phone is well built, stylish and has many features that any good smart phone would have; it feels and operates like a more expensive phone. It's a great deal. I purchased this for my young daughter and she enjoys using it to watch videos, connect to the internet-Netflix, Youtube, listen to music both online and downloaded-her favorite One Direction boy band-easy to do from my PC(Windows7 to her Windows 8 phone). And yes, she can talk and text with ease.

This phone was a replacement to a Nexus and serves its purpose very well. The phone performs basic internet functions with ease and is really good value for money

I bought 2 of these phones- one for each of my parents (in mid-60's). Neither of them are tech savvy, but they had outgrown their basic phones. While I am not, personally, a fan of Windows phones, my parents LOVE this phone. The screen is bright, the audio clarity is amazing, and the over all user-interface is very friendly. I would recommend this phone for anyone who is shy about getting a smart phone, or even for those teens who want a smart phone w/out the ridiculous $600+ price tag. I would purchase from this seller again.

This is really a neat little phone, very durable, and easy to hold. The graphics, show up well.  I've had many phones over the years, and will say that this is my fave!

I love my new phone im so glad i was able to get it before the price went back up! It would definitely still be worth it though had a couple issues but was fixable one was not being able to receive and send pics just go in settings and make sure even if you dont have the data package make sure data is on very easy fix won't cost you. Takes awesome pics.. ha since i got it i keep finding even more awesome things almost every day never cared for touch screens but this phone is rockin!!! Oops it won't let me remove the rating and stuff only edit but i meant to do the Nokia Lumia 520 (At&T) but im sure this one rocks too!

This is my first window phone, shiping fast , when it out of the box,it looks beautiful, easy to set up, easy to use, the touchscreen is very good, download fast, speaker is very good, connect to wifi very fast, it has good good battery life.I like everything of this phone and good price

For this price this phone does everything. I'm not a supporter of apple products. $600 for a phone that's made in china is a rip off, but people will pay it which keeps the cost up.

The item was good even thougth i haven't activateed yet....whenever i am ready i will give a feedback as now i didn't checked the phone....Thank you

It is a down grade if you are coming from using an iPhone or galaxy  but it's not a bad phone.I like it because it connects to my window 8 computers so any files on my computerI can get it on my phone too! Plus I'm able to open up word document  and type.The only thing I hate about this phone is that there's no front camera and I can't screen shotBut its not a bad phone for the cost.

I ordered 2 on accident because I was making the purchase on through an app so I received 2 phones. I explained to them and gave me a full refund, very understanding customer service. The phone we kept works good. Although, one problem is the camera...whenever it takes a picture, the whole screen starts shifting and flashing awkwardly, which isn't normal. I guess we picked one up with a glitch. Although everything else in the phone works fine.

I was willing to purchase a cheap smart phone just so I may use the internet sparingly for email and for some organization.The phone works well most of the time, the touch screen is nice, the operating system is okay, and the ability to customize home screen is cool (But standard like all smart phones). speed of web browsing is good and battery saver settings are superb and make a full battery last about two or three days with phone calls and texts, and very minimal web browsing.So what are the drawbacks?About once or twice a week, when i click the button on the side of the phone (That turns the display on or off), the phone screen stays black and will not function until you remove the battery and put it back in. After the long load up time, its fine again. Other than that, no real problems..but it is tedious and annoying.Also, the phone camera is only decent (which is expected) but there is no flash feature. The three touch buttons on the front of the phone do not light up, which makes the picture a little misleading.Overall, decent phone if you only plan on using it for calling, texting, and very minimal apps.

I like it for its low price and reasonable quality , if it had a front camera and a compass, it would be a great smartphone in my opinion.

For the price paid, this is a great phone to test out to determine if a Windows phone is right for you.  I bought this phone as a back up for my iPhone 5 (in case I lose/break it). No LTE but that doesn't bother me.  Overall this is a great entry level smartphone.  All MS has to do is get more apps to be competitive.

Until recently - Moto G - cheap off-contract phones were hard to find.  If your needs are modest - this is a nice phone.  I used it as a daily driver for awhile and it's capable enough for entry level users.

My nokia 710 gave up due to some HW problems and I decided to give a try to another win phone.I was surprised with Lumia 521 phone!Pros:1) I really appreciate Win 8 (much much better in comparison with 7.5 (I tired from zune!!))2) A little bit bigger screen improves interaction (feel that you have more real estate even though resolution is the same like 710 has)3) Faster4) It costs only 97$ (I got it from frys)!!What could be better:1) It looks like nokia 710 have better glass (better quality than 521)2) when you hold 521 in hand it feels a cheaper in comparison with 710.Overall I am glad that I got nokia 521. For money you could not get wrong with this phone!

This phone is beyond everything that I had hoped for, and it is a great price as well! Seems to be nearly as functional as the iPhone, yet MUCH cheaper!

Am soo in love with this phone, mashallah it's the best of All.....Fits ur hand perfectly n it's soo Darn Cute!!

I like my phone for the most part but I don't like the games too much I would like to play games I used too. So please update that.

I was nervous about getting my first smart phone, but the Nokia Lumia is relatively easy to use.  I've been pleased with it so far.

Received phone, my first and reluctant plunge into the smart phone arena.  Find it difficult to understand how people take their phones wherever they go as though they might miss something important.  I think it is an ego thing where people feel they are very important.  Surprise, they are not that important, in my opinion.  Non-the-less I now am enjoying learning the various capabilities of my 521, the latest today where I can play stored music on an FM station in my vehicle.  I especially like the ability to speak to create a text message as my thumbs do not handle keyboards well.  Voice activation of calls is also a wonderful feature.My phone usually stays in the vehicle because I don't think I'm that important to miss something whilst in a store or theater or wherever doing something.  I don't need to call anyone to find out which 6-pack of beer I need to buy.  Phone is a wonderful tool which I will use for my purposes and not be slaved to it.These comments have very little to do with the great features of the phone.

this phone is wonderful before I got it unlock I could have access the internet. And after unlocking it works like a charm no complains on my part as yet.....

I was looking for a new phone when my Kyocera event phone with virgin mobile stopped working. I went to WalMart and after shopping for different  phones I decided to try the Nokia Lumia 521 phone using Wal-Mart's family mobile plan. The salesman popped in the family mobile simcard, started the phone up and I  had voice calls right away. I didn't find out until I got home that the internet didn't work. I went to the library and use the internet there and found out that the Microsoft  account had to be setup before you could use the internet. I setup the Microsoft account and after that the phone's data was available to me. The internet works great on the Lumia 521 with faster download speeds then my old Kyocera event phone and much better battery life. With light to moderate use I could still have more then half a charge at the end of the day. The navigation apps are very useful and work consistently. The camera takes ok pictures, not great pictures and is good at scanning all kinds of barcodes. Overall, for this price point, this is one of the best phones out in the market.

I bought this phone to start doing WP8 software development. I spent $69.95 at BestBuy and that seemed like the least expensive way to get WP8 hardware. I don't intend to use it as my daily phone since I have a Nexus 5, but I'm trying it for a few days to see how things have progressed with WP8. For the price, it's hard to beat. It's basically hardware from 2009, but is adequate to do most smartphone tasks. I have only had brief exposure to iOS products and found them to be too limiting for my use; WP8 is in the same category - too many limitations. It's probably best to break it down into lists of good and bad things about the phone and OS separately.Good things about the Nokia 521 hardware:1) Built-in speaker is surprisingly loud and clear2) Built-in FM tuner that works pretty well3) Feels good in your hands and is light weight4) Display is bright and clear5) Reception seems good on wifi and cellular6) Battery life seems good so far - lots of calls, internet, photos hasn't drained the battery7) Dedicated camera button (required by WP)8) Supports microSD card (with limitations - see below)Bad things about the Nokia 521 hardware1) Camera is pretty bad - requires lots of light to take half decent, grainy photos2) No built-in flash3) Can only record 720p video which constantly "pulses" as it tries to auto-focus. Very distracting and not good results.4) Includes 8 inch USB Sync cable - 3 feet is a minimum useful length5) Low res display - 480x800 was adequate on a 2009 smartphone, not a late 2013 model.6) The speed of the CPU/Graphics is usually adequate for most tasks, but the start screen actually has jitter/lag as you scroll up and down. WP users seem to brag a lot about how "smooth" the UI is, but this phone has trouble keeping up.Good things about Windows Phone 8:1) Voice dictation can be used in most places that a keyboard is required. There seems to be a 30-second limit to each voice capture, but the results were usually accurate.2) Live tiles can display useful status info. Android Widgets are much more powerful and flexible, but WP tiles are reasonable in what they can do.Bad things about Windows Phone 8:1) File system is a bad set of compromises. This is something that I had hoped would eventually get fixed, but MS insists on keeping files locked/hidden away. Any application which needs to access any type of file will make the user go through unpleasant steps to accomplish it. SkyDrive is the most popular crutch to allow access to files and it's an inconvenient kludge at best. Email attachments are a particular weak point - you really can't do a lot in terms of sending/receiving attached files unless they are JPEG photos.2) No sharing of data between apps. I guess I'm spoiled from using Android, but when I use an app that generates or receives data, I expect that I can share/use that data. This is not the case in WP. An example is text messages with attached photos. The only thing you can do with the photo is save it in the "saved photos" folder. You can't share it or do anything with it without switching to a different app and retrieving it from the "saved photos" folder.3) Single volume level for everything. This is such a simple feature that even dumb phones have, I'm surprised WP hasn't implemented this. I want my ringer volume loud and my multimedia volume low. Maybe this will be fixed in WP9.4) Multiple steps to make and receive a call. Android allows me to pin a contact to the home screen such that a single click will make the call. WP allows you to pin a contact, but then you have to wait for the silly animation, and click again on the phone number. When answering a call you need to swipe up and then tap. Why not a single swipe or tap?5) WP8 supports the microSD card, but doesn't know how to read a NTFS formatted card. This format was invented by Microsoft so it's kind of ironic that it doesn't support its own format.6) Screen times out when plugged into charger. This is really an odd bug that the phone can't stay awake while plugged in to a charger. For a developer, this is the normal use case.7) The phone's status bar takes up space, yet has very little information. The different status indicators come and go. It would be better to have them displayed all the time.8) App navigation seems to be hit or miss. When switching between apps, some apps will reload, others will snap back to where they were and some will give an odd flash and resume after a second or so. Starting an app from its tile also seems to give the same random results if the app is already running.9) Many of the apps that are free on other platforms cost money on WP. This situation is helped a little by the fact that MS has a "try" option. Some apps allow you to try them for a few days, but still limit the functionality during the trial period. This doesn't make any sense since if I can't fully test the app trial, I'm not going to buy it.10) There is no way to get a refund for app purchases. Apple and Google have come up with a reasonable way to handle this and MS needs to fix this ASAP.11) No way to disable live tiles. On Windows RT/8 you can turn off live tiles. WP needs to add this feature. The worst offender is the "people" tile. I don't want to see it flicking and flashing at me all the time.12) Status messages disappear never to be seen again. Supposedly a future release of WP will have this fixed with a "notification center", but for now it is poorly implemented.13) No fast-scroll option for long lists. Microsoft's method for dealing with long lists is to add a "letter" grid to jump somewhere in the list. I think Android handles this much better with a fast-scroll knob and the way the contacts list shows you the first letter of the name as you scroll quickly.14) No cohesion between WP's app store and the Win8 store. If I buy an app in Windows 8, I have to buy the same app again in WP8. Microsoft says they're working on integrating the stores, but for now this is unpleasant.I need to spend more time with it to flesh out my review. I'll edit this after I have had a few more days with the 521.Overall I think it's a bad idea to cut corners when you buy a smartphone. If you're going to spend $30-60 a month on the service, spending $100 or less on the phone seems penny wise and pound foolish. For people that can't afford the up front cost, all the major carriers have installment plans.

I have faced no problems doing good. I had no issues, battery lasts long enough. overall satisfied with the purchase.

I actually loved this phone; hands down, it's the best OS I've ever owned or seen. HOWEVER, it died exactly 6 months after I began using it--out of the blue and for no discernable reason. The purchase price was $100 when I bought it (brand new), and I was hoping to use this phone for another year or longer. But regardless of the reset options available, it will not show signs of life despite having plenty of time to charge and all the removable pieces &#34;in place.&#34;I am extremely disappointed; I highly recommend Windows Phone OS, but not this particular device....unless you don't care if the phone dies in 6 months.You've been warned!

T-Mobile and Nokia should be proud of this phone: on the T-Mobile network, it is the best basic smart phone you can buy.Lots of folks want a small, light, durable and easy to use phone at an affordable price. They need a phone for calls, texts, and checking their email. They don't care about 3D action games or downloading dozens of apps.The 521 is a great phone for basic use. If you live in a city with T-Mobile's 4G HSPA service your emails will download rapidly (check the coverage map at the T-Mobile website BEFORE buying).If you just want to send text messages and read your email, a $600 phone is a waste of money. The Nokia Lumia 521 is perfect for your needs. And, it is nice looking. The new Iphone 5c has colorful back covers... Apple noticed the 521 (and its popularity) and "borrowed" its style.By the way, T-Mobile now owns MetroPCS. Both the 521 and prepaid service for it cost less at MetroPCS stores than anywhere else. Just $49 or $29 after rebate until March 1st.

Simply put, this phone is amazing.  Slick operating system, great call quality, 4G, what more could you want?  Originally I thought I'd be buying this phone for a year or so and then "upgrage" to an I Phone or a Galaxy but after using this phone I am planning on using it until it no longer works.  If you know what you're buying and can survive without (1) a flash for the camera, (2) front facing camera and (3) some high-end games from the Windows Store, this phone is for you.  Battery life, call quality and web browsing are all great.  I've heard a lot of complaints that the app store doesn't have 5 million apps.  The app store has all the essentials and is growing every day.  Give this phone a chance, you'll be glad you did.  I have an android tablet and many of those "millions" of apps that everyone is missing are glitchy garbage, full of bugs, and make the operating system function like it's barfing.I am amazed at how many people are deducting stars for what they percieve to be "missing" features.  Do some research before buying a cell phone.  Also, many reviews preface their review with "For the price..."  For the price OR at $100 dollars more this is a great value.  Stop your whining!

I like that I can customize it based on what I want. I have small hands so it is a little big and light, but I plan to buy a case to hopefully make it a little bulkier so it fits in my hand better. Battery life is great and camera takes good pictures.

it&#34;s everything I expected and then more. The size is great, and it has everything the other phones have, It&#34; also easy to learn the features.

Expensive smart phones and those frustrating restrictive long-term phone contracts are now in trouble. The technology really is getting better and cheaper. This phone is absolutely amazing for the price. I would not want Nokia to know but I would have paid 3 times the cost of this phone. It offers all of the features and benefit you want and need in a smart phone without the high cost. The data from my other phone (not a smart phone) was easily transferred and I was  immediately on the internet once I set it up and put in the battery. Plus I purchased the &#34;straight talk&#34; plan for unlimited database service with no contract for $45.00 a month. Wow.

My prior nokia phone died unexpectedly recently, and, out of warranty, I needed a replacement fast. I wanted to stick with Nokia, believing that getting my contacts and other data loaded into a new lumia phone would be easy using the Suite. Being a T-Mobile customer, I thought transferring my account to the new phone could be done easily online. I was wrong. Luckily, I already had an outlook mail account to turn to. After manually loading in my old contacts into that email account (2 hours), my phone was syncing and ready to make calls. Also, a relatively quick call to T-Mobile completed the account setup. I am not that excited about my contact information living 'in the cloud', but hopefully, the next time a phone dies I can recover from it more quickly. Certainly I was disappointed that, in 2013, it can still be a royal pain to manage contacts going from handset to handset. Can't all these digital systems just, get along?OK. Going from a premium Nokia handset to Nokia's cheapest offering means a loss of some features, specifications, and build quality. What I am learning, however, is that this budget phone is hardly crippled - it runs awesome. Most premium phones offer larger, better screens, better cameras, and better build materials. My last phone was metal, so pulling the 'cheap' plastic cover off the new phone was a little bit strange - so were the 'cheap' buttons. But my experience with premium devices (and I include the Nexus 7 here) has been that, even with top of the line processors, cameras, lots of RAM, etc., most do not really deliver performance and features that make upgrading an OBVIOUS choice. This phone costs 4-5 times less than Nokia's other top offering for T-Mobile, the 925, but hardly feels like a budget phone.The phone feels great in hand (a little slippery). The glass screen is great, and the buttons click and fall easily to hand. The plastic helps keep the phone light, it is still durable, and does not interfere with antennas like metal can. Having a removable cover and cheap battery easily replaceable is also a godsend considering the inconvenience of permanent batteries. There is no front-facing camera (don't care), 8 gb internal storage, 512 Ram, and a 1 ghz dual-core snapdragon processor. I threw a 16 gb card into the phone, and deleted all the pre-installed cr-apps since I knew I wouldn't use them. Contrary to what I read online, I don't see the storage or RAM limitations as a major issue - 1 gb is the upper-limit for Nokia's phones at this time, and I do not tend to heavily multi-task. Also, there may be 1 zillion apps in the world currently, but I only like a handful of them as it is. I have a tablet for more robust gaming/app needs.Despite its specs, the 521 runs great. The experience is smooth, the screen is bright and sharp (with some minimal bleed in the dark), the buttons feel good, and texting / browsing is simple and fun. The app store (like all app stores) is set up with a lot of categories, but I still find "browsing" limited - I feel like I need to know what I am looking for. But all my favorite apps were in there. The call quality is great, the speaker phone is louder and clearer than my old "premium" phone, and headphones sound great (better than my nexus 7). GPS worked fast and without hiccups when navigating. The camera is OK in good lighting, and 5 MP is still good nuff for an 8x10 assuming you get a good shot. Given that even 'premium' phone cameras still fail, in my opinion, to really replace a rudimentary point-and-shoot (especially in low-light), this is totally fine with me. There are some interesting camera apps to try out, and I'll look forward to seeing if they deliver better results (by basically doing 'burst modes').The MS Phone 8 software feels fresh, is very elegant, and really should give Apple and Android the night-sweats. But I have little doubt that it is harder to use out-of-box than iOS. That said I find it very 'premium' feeling. I love the live-tiles, customization, and overall presentation of most of its core features. I did need a couple days to learn the ins and outs a bit (at first the whole setup was confusing). There are some OS features missing that I want to see put in. Most importantly, I like Androids ability to close an open app by swiping it away, and Android and Nokia's pull down menus that let you easily turn off/on things like data, wi-fi, GPS, and Bluetooth (I am trying an app called "quick settings" which is mainly a bunch of short-cuts). Oddly, I can't seem to pick a home page in Internet explorer. Also, stock MS settings are a real battery drain - it is a good idea to read up on web tips for maximizing battery life. For starters, it is so easy to set up email accounts that I did 2 right away - then remembered I need to change the sync settings to balance update/power use. Auto-rotation is not active in all screens/apps, which is annoying when I feel like typing in landscape mode, but then again typing has been fast and accurate in portrait mode so far. There are also features on by default which are totally unneeded. Windows Phone is definitely a modern OS, and a good one at that, but it will benefit from more development. Hopefully the 8.1 update and others will hit this phone as they become available. I really hope they do, as updates are critical to keeping the experience fresh, reliable, and fun. Heck, half the reason I got a nexus was to ensure updates would be forthcoming.The most compelling reason to go Nokia is probably the free GPS + Navigation. Hands down, they are the best free solution I know of at this time, and they are exclusive to the brand. Most of Nokia's other apps are useful and add value to the overall experience. They are generally reliable phones also, and will survive drops, bumps, and a little water.The bottom line is that this phone is probably up there with the Nexus 7 in electronic super-values available at this time. Unless you have $300-500 dollars to burn, there are likely no better choices if you want an excellent smart-phone experience for a super-reasonable cost. I would gladly have paid another $100 dollars for a somewhat better screen (gorilla glass and a little higher res?), camera, more RAM, and a larger battery (and Nokia's 'altered reality' GPS app). But as is, I find no real faults here, just huge value. Buy with confidence!

I purchased this phone for my first phone and I really like it!! It is not to big or small and it feels perfect in my hands. I like the white color as well as the fact that there are many cases for it. Over all it is a great phone!

I was a bit worried at first about this phone because I have had prepaid phones befor and they have turned out to be a pice of junk.  I got this one because it was the best choice for my budget.  I have had it for 3 days and its  a great phone.  Fast response time , great battery life, easy set up, fun apps.  My last phone was an iphone and I didnt expect the same performance from this one.  But I was impressed with what I got for $100.  Great job Nokia :)

The screen on this thing is not viewable in the sun, and the material the screen is made of attracts smudges like no other material I know - but at the end of it all it is a very capable phone. I used it on a trip to California as my primary and had no problems with Navigation, web, phone or messaging. The app market is pretty limited but all the important stuff is there. The apps for the camera are pretty cool, but the camera is from 1999 and terrible at taking pictures. If you are looking for a phone to use as a phone / messaging device then you have a winner with the bonus of a pretty good navigation maps that will even work offline. Oh - the hot spot feature on this phone is the most solid &#34;hot spot&#34; I have ever used. It's a simple on / off and everything was able to connect with no problems and at good speeds. Five stars because I don't think any other smart phone in this price range comes close to the feature set (and capability) of this Windows 8 phone.

I got the phone because my old one was on it's last days and I didn't wanna spend too much. I wish I would've just paid more for an android because this phone kinda sucks. There isn't really any real app support for it, so most popular apps won't be on the phone. Also, if you drop it, you're basically screwed. I dropped mine on accident one day and now it randomly turns off sometimes if I hold the phone a certain way. If you need a phone and don't have the money. Get it, just understand you get what you pay for.

Never had a window phone before, and I must say am impressed with its features, the screen is great, its not too heavy, had no problems with it , all I did was insert the sim card and my carrier did the rest, no problems with the battery, it was a bit challenging at first but after you got the hang of it, its very user friendly.

I am thinking of getting this phone, but is have one question, does the camera turn around and does it have any problems with memory?

I didn't use the windows phone before but I don't think if I will ever try one again! difficult to use, very slow!

It was actually a backup phone just in case if I lose my primary Samsung GS2. I am glad I gave it a go one day and it worked seamlessly since then (two months). Battery life is pretty good so is the signal reception compared to S2. Touch screen display was very very responsive.ON TOP of everything else, the price was phenomenal. There is no way you can get this quality phone for this much price.Now this has become my primary phone :-D

It took me 5 tries to get the SIM card installed correctly.  I don't think I am an idiot.  I can't believe they designed the SIM card keying to be so confusing and ambiguous.I was going to use this phone as my iphone back up or as a smart phone for my dad.  It can't fit either use case.After I finally got the card configured and Tmobile set up, I played with the phone for 15 minutes.  The UI was too confusing for me.  After trying it out, I refuse to try out a Nokia or Microsoft phone again.To add to my annoyance, I had to call the Microsoft return phone system 5 times and go through a different menu path than I was supposed to before I could finally get a person.  I think they programmed their automated phone system to automatically drop all calls related to phone returns and purposefully pretend to not recognize valid order numbers.  What a joke for a product and company.

If you are a windows user then this is by far the best phone you can own. It syncs to all my devices and I can share all my data on the cloud it is just perfect trust me. I do suggest you get a car charger or some alternative charger because the batter does drain pretty fast.

Box wasn't in top condition but the product was. Pleasantly surprised. I really enjoyed the fast shipping via Prime and that the product was as described.

I used to have an iPhone and wanted something different and what most people didn't have. It was easy to figure out. PROS: Good battery life. Love live tiles to save on home screen. Very user friendly. Great HD Camera. Has Microsoft Office makes its easy to open documents in emails CONS: Cannot turn off text message preview on phone Alarm doesn't work when phone is turned off; alarm sound based on sound level - if low/off, you won't hear it. I want to turn off sound for text messages and other sounds while sleeping but would like the alarm to still sound off. This was one great iPhone feature Cannot turn off the calendar preview. Shows day of appts on display screen with time and date (I'm a very private person so if I step away from my phone, people can see text message previews and my calendar with phone being locked#. Some apps not featured on windows phone #such as Instagram, Facebook pages app; YouTube - Facebook app is ok)

The mail app doesn't work. But other then that it's a great entry level smart phones. For people looking to buy this phone should also look into galaxy from samsung

I got this great phone for a cheap price. It has everything I need. Has a great look, and camera results are awesome.

Ordered it for a friend and she loves it works great and no problems works with my service provider and im in The Bahamas.

Excellent phone, especially for this price point. I wasn't too sure about the Windows OS but after using now for about 6 weeks it exceeded my expectations. From a hardware standpoint the phone works well. Calls are clear, it handles whatever I want it to do it on the web, social media, youtube, etc.

I got 2 phones one for me one for my 10 years old son ,we love it so much I'm planning to buy one more just in case

Ok this is a new experience just went from a flip phone to smartphone. Easy to use, WiFi calling works and is a great feature. Phone does all I need and has enough apps for anything I need as well.

He LOVES this phone!  He mentioned to me that the battery is lasts for a very long time.  A great deal!

I have been using Android phones and an Apple iPod touch for a few years now and have enjoyed both very much. Lately I have been reading some good press on the Nokia Windows phones and wanted to give it a try. What also got me very interested was that Nokia phones have traditionally had good hardware. I had been using a Samsung Galaxy S Blaze for about a year now and it's been solid but a bit slow. I chose it over faster cell phones because I like a phone that can go a day or two on a full charge. My wife's Samsung Galaxy 2 has a great screen but you better have a charger and a current supply around because extended use will drain it quickly. My Samsung Galaxy also an annoying problem when trying to connect to my built in Bluetooth speaker system in my car. I would have to turn the Samsung Bluetooth on and off to get it connected. This problem never occurred using my older Motorola phone.Anyway, ordered the Lumia 521 and figured I could sell it on eBay if it was a dog. I got it last Friday, July 26 and have been using it a lot.This phone is really great: it's very fast and the ability to create a custom display with what you really use makes it super easy and frustration free. No more endless side swiping to get to the app you currently need because the Windows animated tiles show what you want in the way you want. Many of the tiles function as small video screens that display information status related to the app. After using it a while I realized how limited the swiping system is in both iOS and Android.I cannot emphasis how useful and functional this is it real life when you need to get things done efficiently. Microsoft doesn't communicate this effectively and perhaps people are so conditioned to swipe, swipe, swipe to get what they want that no other way seems possible. But it really offers an extremely effective way to monitor the many information streams that mobile phones can provide. You can design a kind of information cockpit with important streams where you want them and less important info streams in a view able but less conspicuous location. And this increased efficiency translates in a better user experience.I found the interface design beautiful in terms of legible fonts and colors. A pleasure to use. Touch screen is very sensitive and fast, fast, fast. And linking up to my car's hands off Bluetooth system is quick. By the time I turn on the car engine and back out my driveway, it is always connected. No more Bluetooth tag to get a working connection.For another viewpoint, Google "Wozniak praises windows phone".Battery easily lasts a day.Built in speaker has plenty of volume. The 521 camera is OK, not great and there is no built in flash. For a better camera, look to the Nokia Lumia 925 with Carl Zeiss lens. For now I really don't care to spend the $$ as the pictures are good enough.This weekend I'll put my Samsung Galaxy S Blaze up for sale. Works great but I am keeping the Windows phone.

I just got this as a second phone and love it. What a great value! I have an iphone for my work phone and this phone does everything the iPhone does. Plus I like the interface and live tiles much better. I bought it at Best Buy for $70 and with the Tmobile $50 everything plan, this is a great deal if you don't want to spend a lot. Great phone, I highly recommend.

Cannot believe what I got.This is like a dream come true.An excellent phone at an EXCELLENT PRICE!!!Love my new phone, just love it!Its Camera, Video, Music, Apps, Battery Life, OS, etc. are INCREDIBLE!!!Thanks Nokia, and thanks LUMIA!!!A dream come true!!!! :))))))))0

Over the past few months there is spurt in Windows apps - maybe 521/520 sales are persuading developers to seriously look at windows platform. Most (not all, but still) of my apps from Android are now available AS-IS in Windows.For pound for pound best phone out there.Free Offline maps, FM radio receiver, external memory slot, sturdy & Nokia.Gave up my SIII & nexus S with ICS for this.Don't miss my android except for front facing camera.

I wanted a phone around $100 since I am saving up for a car.This is a huge upgrade from my old non-smart phone. I love it and recommend it to anyone who is unhappy with android or apple phones.Or if you want a good phone that doesn't cost you $25 a month for the next year or 2.

sweet deal got it for 40 bucks!!!!!! on christmas since then it hasnt given me any problems so far great steal for a decent smartphone

My son loves his new Nokia Smart Phone.

Wow, this phone really is easy to use compared to android phones I have had. It is simple to set up, just likeany other smart phone, but the operating system colors can be changed and the window are easy to understandand it is easy to add a contact. Not so with most android phones.

Wonderful smart phone.. I had the iPhone and galaxy and this phone compares to them really well for the price

This phone was impossible to figure out. For the non-technical type, like myself, the instructions were impossible to follow. When I tried to input the necessary codes, figures, etc., the screen to insert this data on couldn't be found. Several of my more Geeky buddies couldn't understand it either. I really wanted to use and enjoy this highly recommended phone but at the end, I went to the Geek Squad, brought a Samsung Galaxy III, and a young Geek not only activated it for me, he connected me to Facebook, G-mail, etc.

Can't really say much that will add to the great reviews for this device.I was so impressed with Nokia and WP8 I ended up purchasing another Lumia 521.I have moved on to the Lumia 925.The 521 showed me what the Windows Phone is all about.I rate this and the Lumia 520 the best smartphone deals going to date.This thing even supports the latest 128 gig microSD cards!All I can say is &#34;unbeatable&#34; for anyone looking to go with Microsoft and Nokia as a willing first timer.

Slowly getting used to the Windows phone being very different from the Androids that I've always used. Doesn't have all of the same apps available as I had with the Android. But I'm happy with the phone.

This phone is great, even though it doesn't come with the many apps the android phones do! We like it!

I bought this phone because it's a smart phone with a prepaid option. A two year contract wasn't what I was looking for but I also didn't want a crappy phone. The Nokia Lumia is right in the sweet spot with monthly plans and smart phone features! My biggest issue with the Lumia is the lack of a front screen camera. I love Skype and use it frequently , but without the front screen camera that's pretty much impossible. Generally speaking I like to be loyal to MS but because the Lumia doesn't have a front cam, I'll still be using my iPod touch on a daily basis. Wish I could just use one product! a windows phone not an Iphone. Besides that it seems like a great deal for the money and I'm quite loving the experience. Thanks!

I bought this for my teen who really wanted an I Phone but that wasn't in our budget. He loves it. It is a windows 8 phone and does a lot. To see exactly what it does, I recommend you to go on youtube and watch a review on it. That's what we did.

it is more than worth of money it costs. you will never repent buying it. good battery, with all needed apps.

The phone is great, durable and so much to offer for a great price. It's like having a mini windows 8 in your hand.

Nokia Lumia 521 from MetroPCS is the perfect solution for somebody who needs a small wifi device that can act like a phone as well!  This extremely affordable phone (edit: I see the price came down quite a bit in a month since I first posted this review) ($99 at MetroPCS) offers free data & calling over WiFi, for $40/month w/out any contracts. This is the best phone deal around (MetroPCS version). It is "just what you need" from a cell phone compact wifi device. Honestly, why would anybody pay $500+ for other phones AND also get stuck in a 2-year contract w/ the carrier? iphone isn't made of gold, is it?The more I use this phone the more I like it. This phone answers the needs of over 99.99% of cell phone users. Please don't tell me you want to pay $500 more for your phone because it comes with $2 headphones or FREE Google Maps. People with extravagant amount of disposable income should not waste time considering Nokia Lumia 521, for everybody else, this is IT.

Pros- Nokia 521 is the best phone under $100 and no contract.Cons- Battery connection lose and cause the phone shutdown automatically

I love the phone.My Samsung Galaxy S4 had an unfortunate accident and drowned in the washing machine. I was just looking for a cheap smart phone that I could use in the mean while. I am very impressed, it's not quite a Galaxy S4 but then again it is a generation older. There is just one problem I have with the phone, it's. Camera is very bad and has no flash. I knew this before I bought it. It would be a stellar phone if it's camera and flash was upgraded. It is user friendly and has an awesome interface that is personalized.

this was a gift, I was able to look at it afterwards. decent phone simple to use, the user is still learning how to use smart phones.  if you need something simple for teenagers, or a cheap smartphone, this is a good choice.

If you need a smartphone to check/send emails, basic web browsing, GPS. This is the best phone in this price. If you love your apps on iOS or Android its not time yet to switch to Windows Phone.

I though I was upgrading to a better phone, I had a galaxy s android. But the apps is not offer on windows phone, it wouldn't let me transfer my contacts and every game cost money to download. Would have been better off getting another galaxy s. But it was a free phone so I will keep for 6 months than traded it for an android phone. Sorry just not impress at all with Nokia windows phone I want android back.

This phone is awesome! I love the windows environment!  It's easy to use and efficient. My husband has an android phone and would trade it for my phone in a heart beat.

had no service at my house could not read any thing on phone to small to hard to learn how ever thing work the manual is worthless I sent the phone back don't buy this phone

its my first windows phone it is best :) . i had white color and its perfect :)  touch screen works perfectly.

This is a awesome phone, which cant be beat for the money. Loving the UI and looking forward to upgrading to my next high end Windows phone.

This is my second Windows phone. I had a Nokia Lumia 710 which I gave to my husband. This phone is thinner with a bigger screen. The camera takes decent low light pictures. I wish it had a flash and a front facing camera. I use the phone often with just my right hand because I have a newborn. The power button is accidently pressed all the time. Very frustrating. Also the battery life on my two years old 710 is still better than the battery life on my brand new 521. The battery also gets super hot after a short time. I really want to like this phone, but I wouldn't recommend it.

First off I buy most everything from Amazon.  I LOVE Amazon.  But I always check other sources and found the phone $17 cheaper elsewhere.  Now Amazon has matched that price which I found amazing but too late.That being said I had checked with T-Mo to make sure I could transfer my old Pay As You Go sim (larger size) with $80 worth of time to the 521 (mini sim).  Indeed I could.  All I had to do was call T-Mo and the phone number and $80 was transferred over to the 521 and I was good to go.Since the old phone was a back-up phone for my senior husband it was only used for an occasional call or texting ($ .20/.10 each).  Now, however he can get online with wifi and fiddle around with tons of apps including free texting apps/Facebook - etc.  One app I am still hoping to get however is the Magic Jack app - which presently is only available for the iPhone and Android.  So Keep in mind a lot of apps are NOT available on a Win 8 phone.BUT one thing I learned was this.  With the T-Mo Pay as you go plan you do not get any data period.  But more important is this fact.  The 521 comes with wifi calling.  I thought this was a wonderful feature until I found out if would use MINUTES IF you have the Pay as you go plan!  Since I did NOT have a T-Mo unlimited minute plan it uses minutes whether you use the phone and use wifi calling or the T-Mo cellphone tower.  Same with text (unless you use say the Facebook messaging app).  But that is ok because I get a poor T-Mo signal at my house anyhow.  So the phone is set to prefer wifi for calling but is seldom used for calling anyhow.Kind of confusing right? But the bottom line is if you do get a poor T-Mo signal at your house this phone will direct the call over wifi first if you choose that option.  But like I said it will use your minutes if you have the Pay as You Go plan.  I have had Pay as You Go for about 5 years now - only costs $10 a year to buy minutes so all your unused minutes roll over for another year.Ok now to review the phone (if you have read this far).  This phone is excellent!  Good sound quality - decent camera - etc.  Well worth $100.  If nothing else you can use it as a camera and MP3 player.  Plus you don't have to use iTunes for things like ringtones!  Cool!

I have to say Nokia is coming back combination of value what you get for this price is excellent I did not have so far any issues with this phone and I thing they did great job. If you are not crazy Apple person definitely I can highly recommend it.

This was the worse thing I've ever purchased, first it didn't charge, then they sent me a replacement then the replacement wasn't any better, it didn't charge, didn't turn on. I was so disappointed because I've had very high standards for Nokia products

Windows is what you're buying here more than a phone.Going on three months with the Lumia 521.No regrets here for the 99 dollars paid.This isn't a glistening shiny hefty phablet that is seen being clutched by so many these days.It's just an easy to use 4 inch screen smartphone with all those features wanted by us late comers.I'm older and retired and found this device very friendly and enjoyable to use.I like this phone so well I bought another one.Good job Nokia/Microsoft!

We bought this for my wife, her 2nd time testing the smart phone waters.  She had a budget android last time, and frankly that was a disaster.  She LOVES this phone already, has everything she needs.  Is it perfect for a heavy user?  Probably not, but for the average Joe/Jane?  Yes.Indeed specific use apps are missing, but she wouldn't miss them, and at this point I am inclined to go the windows phone route, bravo Nokia/Microsoft.  Great product and great OS.The price is right, and tmobile's services has been great where we are located (spokane wa).

WP has come a long way and this is in my opinion the BEST entry phone you can get. Nokia has delivered the goods yet again...

Phone was  ok but  my quit working after 3 months . Nokia has a support function on their website  People who sell stolen phoneson Craigslist have a better support . I bought my phone at Target using the Brightspot plan . Target located the mobile phonedepartment next to the kids toy department .  So when you ask a question to the Target staff and get a blank stare .you canask a 10 year old kid for help.

I got this on sale around the holiday. It is a great Christmas gift for my younger daughter who has been asking for a smartphone for a while. It comes with $20 credit for purchase at Microsoft app store, but my daughter can never get it to work. I should have registered it with my name and manage the account directly. There are restrictions on a kid's account that she cannot place the order easily. At the end, we lost that $20 credit. The phone itself works surprisingly well at the sale price I paid. The response of the touch screen is good and the overall performance is fine. It is a very good budget smartphone for first time user. I took it to a T-mobile store to transfer my daughter's phone number into it as it uses a smaller SIM card. The store want to charge me $20 for it unless I purchase $20 accessories. It is a rip off but I don't have time to deal with that guy so I gave in. I should have just call T-mobile to do the phone SIM transfer which I did a few months later for another phone and it was totally free.

This is a great phone, would buy another and another. 4 g speed and apps are cool. Battery lasts all day.

The set up is great, simple to get started. It puts covenants at your finger tips. All the things an expensive phone does, the Nokia 521 does also.

Doesn't even deserve a one star... Sorry but worst phone in the world. My boyfriend and I both ordered phones and they both started to glitch in the first couple of weeks. Plus all the covers we ordered for it didn't for right

The phone was ten dollars cheaper on the windows website. All things considered,  it's a pretty good phone,  just takes some getting used to using coming from an Android phone.

not as easy to use as i thought it would be, the battery doesn't last long usually 1 day then needs to be charged. there is a lot of info on there web site that you can access that will walk you through to help you which is great. still learning how  to navigate the ins and outs of the phone. This is my first smart phone, i didn't spend a lot for the phone so i think as a starter it ok

A lousy software design and mediocre hardware.  But considering the low price, I can not complain too much.  I bought it only for temporary (about 4-5 months) while I am waiting for iPhone release.

The phone was brand new, and in its original package. I just had to take it to T-mobile to get it activate. Love it

I bought this phone from Metro PCS for 29 dollars after 20 dollar rebate. When I first got my computer with windows 8.1 I wasn't sure I was going to like 8.1 but after getting used to it I really like the new windows. Now to have a phone with windows 8 and seeing how easy it is to work, I'm glad I bought it. For 29 dollars you can't go wrong. Of course it doesn't  have all the bells and whistles, but if you uses it for just the basics this is a great phone. It's fast, the bluetooth pairs easily, and the speech recognition works perfectly. The only thing I didn't like was the toolbar at the bottom doesn't have a back light but for 29 dollars it's a minor flaw. So if you want a great smart phone for little money this is the one. One other thing is that it's a Nokia and I've always had good luck with that brand.Update: Now that I've had this phone for over a month I thought I'd give you an update. This was the best 29 dollars I've ever spent. I can't believe what a great phone this is. I usually buy mid priced phones because I'm not a 17 year old that needs to have all the bells and whistles. I could never justify spending 5-6 hundred dollars on a phone, like the saying goes - a fool and his money are soon parted - (Steve Jobs probably will have this put on his grave stone). Getting back to the subject - this phone has everything you'll ever need. People complain about the amount of apps available - how many apps do you need. There are some great apps available and more on the way. The voice recognition is amazing for this priced phone and I can't believe how much i like Windows 8. Windows 8 is so simple to use, I don't think I'll ever go back to android or ios. The only draw back is that it's not a fast web browser, but if your like me, I do all of my web browsing on my computer. So take it from a person who only writes reviews if the product is really good or really bad - you'll love this phone.

This is my first smart phone.  I never wanted to get one because of the ridiculous cost, so I used my flip phone for years.  This phone has performed well, and does everything I need it to, and more.  Highly recommended, especially if you don't want to spend several hundred dollars on a phone.

I needed an inexpensive replacement for my Android smartphone that died. Unfortunately, this one sucks. For starters, it's a Windows phone, which should have been a red flag! Lousy apps, including even the most basic stuff like driving directions. Limited functionality - doesn't even seem to have the handy "swipe" feature for writing emails and texts. Games are pale imitations of the good stuff. Oh, and no flash for the camera - plus it's super-clunky to operate. No complaints about T-Mobile, though!

Great reception, intuitive and user friendly. Touch screen is easier to manage than expected. I also like being able to change view size, and to open docs. Sound is fine, and headphones are of standard size, but are not included.

Love the phone, hate Windows 8. Not easy to use if multi-tasking. Can't pick up where you left off if using internet and do something else and come back to it.

This phone is horrible. Dont reward them for the poor design and functionality. The phone shuts off randomly at least 3 times per week. Several reviewers have noted this same phenomenon. Search for it on google and you will see the same.Also transferring images (which the camera is like seeing an 80s home video) from your phone to your computer is a disaster. You would think you would be able to select all the images at once, or at least click the top one, hold shift, and select the bottom one. But thats not possible. You have to manually choose every picture you need to transfer from your phone. They added a sync button but only from the PC to the phone, not the other way around.The app store is a joke compared to android and iphone. You can only setup 1 custom screen, then the next screen is a full list of all your applications in alphabetical order, so you cant re-arrange them or create multiple screens like you can for android. I cant get over how crappy this phone is, and dont understand how this can get so many positive reviews. I am totally and completely unsatisfied. I wont even give it to my teenager, Id rather trash it.

I don't know why Nokia dropped the Meemo/Meego/Hartman/Symbian operating systems, which were the BEST, simple and most effective. The Windows Mobile 8 operating system makes the Nokia phone just not "SMART" enough for a smartphone. Just like the Windows 8 that I choose to ditch in the favor of Windows Pro 7, the windows mobile 8 is probably by far the worst compared to iOS, Android and other proprietary OS's.Don't get me wrong: the phone is good, light weight, looks solid, decent appearance, good battery life indeed. Highly excited about the new phone, as I stick my sim card in, I can't see my contacts. You require a MICROSOFT account to ACCESS all your CONTACTS, leaving your privacy completely exposed. If you do create a Microsoft account, all of the sudden, ALL YOUR CONTACTS are uploaded on the Microsoft server, along with your history. Why can't I just use the phone WITHOUT giving Microsoft my list of contacts? Why does Microsoft need to know and access that? I tried deleting the contacts, and guess what? Just like the GMAIL account ( that I dropped years ago for privacy reasons) Microsoft will still "keep" all your contacts "just in case you change your mind"! And it tracks ALL your history of browsing, calling, texting, searching and installed apps! I feel like the Big Brother watching over my shoulder! I call that INVASION OF PRIVACY! I can't sync my private email account, unless it's an "APPROVED VENDOR" on the list, that likes to create and keep a history of everything you do on the account. I can't fully use the bluetooth features like with other phones (Iphone and Android). I can't just close an application when I have multiple apps opened, instead you have to select it and keep clicking on back until it takes you to the main Home Screen.Update:Major Cons:1) I found most of the apps to be useless/"entry level". Can't compare the quality of the apps to the iOS and Android. ( I had both) If you are a heavy user of email / productivity apps you'll hardly find anything on the "Microsoft Market". You'll be able to open Microsoft Office docs but you'll need an app for PDF's, that will be "entry level". Android opens PDF's "natively" and even has a "night mode" to invert colors! What a downgrade!2) You cannot sync all your accounts in one along with receiving updates as they come in. The phone will only sync the mail box/ other apps "every 15, 30 minutes / 1 or 2 hrs".2) Camera only works in good day light with a "decent" resolution and quality and there's no flash. Don't expect anything else from the camera.3) The phone side buttons and touch "buttons" are not clearly marked / lit. If you're in the dark it will take a while to figure out where to press.4) Screen although responsive when sliding, it lags and does not fully react to smaller option menus or when trying to accurately copy/paste. Cheap phone, cheap response.5) Closing an app will take longer than with any other OS. Basically you click and hold back, wait for the opened app screen, selected the app and just press escape(back until closed. (this could be as long as 9 to 12 times if you've clicked several options in the app, tracking your steps backwards) Really?6) Auto rotation of the screen cannot be removed/stopped. This can get annoying if you're not sitting/standing in vertical position.7) Bluetooth will only work for certain devices / services.Major Pros1) Nokia off-line GPS and maps are the ONLY good thing, (that's not Microsoft's credit) worth with this phone.2) Relatively cheap phone.Inconclusivea)Battery is good, not great. You can charge it every day or 1-1/2 days but no more than that.b) The so-called wifi calling only gives you the option of making calls over your wifi but does not increase the quality of the call. Unless you are within the clear range (same room with the router, no walls) of the wifi transmitter, EXPECT the call to DROP!c) You don't get any cool pre-installed ring tones, but at least the speaker and the audio volume will be loud. This should be expected from a phone.Overall in my experience Windows Mobile just sucks (Not just version 8)! This is a major flaw that cannot be corrected no matter what windows phone you'll get. I'm sorry but I'll have to take this back and stick to another operating system.

I got this phone for all three of my kids, ages ranging from 10 - 18 and it was easy to use.  Best inexpensive smartphone out there.

bought this for my daughter to replace a T mobile phone that died. although I don't have any first hand knowledge of usage, she's pretty happy with the phone. and it would seem to have many features of higher priced phones.

Worse phone ever does not work. Ends calls with notice, phone freezes up. requested a refund was denied had use phone for 1 month and its defective...DO NOT BUY!!!

My wife's Lumia 721 developed a problem with the charging port just before we were leaving for Europe so I got one of these for her while I sent the 721 for repair. (The 721 was back before we were, no charge. Just use the Nokia site.)Got it in two days using Amazon Prime for over double the current price but don't regret it. We had very limited data in Europe but that did not detract from the main use: Nokia Drive+ and Here maps. Drive+ lets you download the maps you need so you don't need a data connection to use it. The only drawback that we didn't know about is that you have to buy a $20 license for Drive if you use it outside the country where it is registered. Try to do that before you need it if data or wifi is limited. But after getting the license, drive and maps worked great.Another advantage of the Windows Phone 8 version is that you can go to here.com, a mapping site run by Nokia. You can find places and add them to collections which then will show up as favorites on Nokia Drive and maps on the phone automatically as long as you use the same Microsoft account for both the web and phone. Pretty cool. So, I could plan our trip ahead and add locations we wanted to visit, or hotels and didn't have to add them manually on the phone.As a phone, it works great. Wifi and bluetooth are fine. Has built in FM if you use wired earphones.About the only slight drawback is that the screen is not gorilla glass and doesn't have Nokia's Tru-Black screen tech that makes most of its other phones readable in sunlight. But, there have to be some compromises to get so much in one package for the price.Highly recommended.

Unbelievable that such an awesome smartphone with low price!This is my first time using windows phone. There are indeed a few of limitations of function compared to IOS and Android. But these are just slight ones that won't affect the general use too much.To my surprise, with such a cheap price, the phone has awesome functions and apps that can totally satisfy my daily needs.

I love my Nokia Lumia 521!  This is my first smartphone and I love it!!!  It is so easy to use.  That being said, I did have a lot of problems getting it set up.  To be clear, (because I wasn't when I bought this) it IS a locked phone with T-Mobile.  I did have to pay cellunlocker.com to unlock the phone.  They did (for a fee).  I use this phone with Straight Talk and I did have to purchase their SIM card.  Due to T-Mobile not being available in my area, I had to purchase the At&t compatible Straight Talk SIM card.  Once I got all these ducks in a row, the phone works like a charm!!  I absolutely love it!!

Negative:No free Tmobile WiFi calls under prepaid plan.Using their WiFi system will burn your prepaid minutes. Their purpose for WiFi is to improve connectivity if you aren't close enough to a cell tower.If you use one app at a time it is fast. Two apps at a time bogs things down to where you don't want to use the device. An example would be listening to the mp3 player while browsing the internet.Can't use a Bluetooth keyboard with the device. The screen keyboard is cumbersome as with most phones.Unable to use Excel keyboard shortcuts to input time and date because of the keyboard layout. This version of Pocket Excel was gutted compared to previous versions of Office Mobile. Doesn't recognize Excel 2003 nor PDF files moved to the device via usb. You can download PDF files to the device and it recognizes them.Not able to bookmark podcasts that are transferred to the phone by usb, they're treated as music albums unless you use synch software.Display options are under three separate menus.Not able to activate streaming links on websites to listen to internet radio.No text wrap feature when increasing the font size using the included browser.Positive:You can connect to web using WiFi without activating.Live tiles are neat.Downloading podcasts via the phone is easy though Itunes blows it away.Camera and HD Video features work well for the price. No flash but if you have enough room lighting it should work fine.Nice Alarm Clock.Bar code scanner app included.

I was looking for smartphone with all the basic necessities of a phone. And here it is, after using iPhone and Samsung galaxy, it surely a compromise, but with this prize, it's awesome deal. However it does not support google map or gmail applications, but you can use that through web. Application store for Nokia is the reason this phone never gain popularity, as the store have very limited apps. And it's hard to find option too. Overall I will rate is a smart and economical purchase.

Simple and easy to use phone.

I had an Android phone previously that I didn't like due to it shutting down in the middle of applications and various other issues. I haven't had any issues with this phone.  It is my favorite phone thus far!

My daughter LOVES this phone!!

I cannot say enough GOOD about this phone.. I absolutely LOVE LOVE LOVE it.. My husband bought a Samsung Galaxy Blaze, as he had one that got broken.. and we were looking for nbew phones. I purchased MINE from Amazon,com, and got it WAY faster, than his from Ebay.. My phone is BETTER qaulity, I LOVE the features, soo easy to use, and I LOVE that I can personalize the tiles on the front... It is a win win for me!! Now hubby say's... &#34;I should have gotten a phone like yours.. YEP.. and paid LESS too!! HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY!!!

Get a smart phone on a budget.  This is a great phone with most all of the smart phone features.  It does operate on Windows so if you are big into apps this is not the phone for you.  It takes practice getting used to but fits my needs at the right price.

good quality phone, great price !!!!!BAda GADA bada GadDa OOPp DADA PoP DOLLA MoLLA BEE BOOPMeow KiTtY WOO WOO

Honestly, this phone isn't THAT great after almost a year experience. Compared to what you can get out of other phones of the same price, don't get this one.Cons -- Sometimes the camera app won't even open, just black screen that it sends you back to the home screen.- App store has a bunch of rip-offs and the good apps arent even well made.- &#34;Nokia Mix Radio&#34; is terrible- Battery doesn't last more than 6 hours when power saver is off and brightness is on low.- Isnt much you can do with the phone, no really good games, or utility apps you may get out of iOS or Android. Mainly text and calling.Pros -- 8MP camera is okay.- Texting is pretty smooth.- Talk is pretty smooth.- Home screen is very customizable.- Not a slow phone, and even after a year of use it hasnt gotten any slower- Durable, I never got a case for it and only one time did it get bad cracks, were I replaced the phone entirely.Overall, get an android or iphone. The phone itself is okay, if it ran android, then it'd be a good phone. But since its a windows phone, its pretty bad. If only there was a way you could put android on it yourself...wink wink..

I dont know why this phone is so cheap. The only problem i have with windows phones is that i relized there apps arnt so great and they dont like google programs either. Cameras good and has many cool features. it was worth the price.

I have never used win8 system. It is amazing!!! I like it!!!! 100$ is totally worth it! And its battery is good.

It's a great deal for the $80 I paid for it. My goal was to get it unlocked for use on AT&T.; This phone *is* locked to T-Mobile. I have a friend that uses T-Mobile even though it's contract free, so I was able to put his SIM card in my phone once per day for about 8 days. Each time I made one call and sent once text, then put his SIM back into his phone. T-Mobile says you need to do this so the phone shows up in their system. They say you need to do this for seven days. I didn't do it for seven days straight, but after eight days or so, I had done this at least six times. I had no trouble getting them to email the unlock code to my friend, then he forwarded to me.Now, WHY did I do this when the AT&T; Nokia 520 is cheaper? Because the T-Mobile phone doesn't automatically come up in their database when it connects. They don't know it's a smartphone as long as I have cell data and location services turned off. So I don't have to pay the mandatory data charge. I have had a non-AT&T; branded Android phone like this as well for over a year on AT&T; and only pay $10/mo on my fam plan for it. WiFi is good enough for me.

You cannot beat the price of this phone. I like it more than my Samsung Galaxy. The screen resolution isn't great and there is no flash on the camera, but I can live with that for this price. I was surprised that I love the Windows Phone interface, it is easy to use, easy to customize and looks cool. For this price, there is no reason not to buy this phone.

I used Apple iPhone for a couple years but had to go to prepaid bc my bill was too high w/ Verizon, so this phone isn't necessarily a &#34;power house&#34; phone but its fast, user friendly, & thin w/an internal storage of around 7GB. I love that if u hold the WINDOWS button down the mic activates & will do what u tell it to such as &#34;Text Mom I love u&#34; or &#34;Call work&#34; etc. Also this phone has a feature if u press the back button it will take u to literally the last thing u were doing, whether u were on FB lookin @ a friends pic or if u were typing a note into an app, & if u hold the back key down it shows u the last 8ish things u did! The tiles change sizes & colors, it also synces with your windows desktop or laptop or tablet account.  .. & it showed up when they said it would!

I bought this phone for my mom as her first smart phone. And it's perfect!No complaints so far maybe the only thing is that there is no front facing cameraBut the rear camera is pretty good in low light even without flash. Obviously not the best but for the price it'll surprise you how great pictures look .The screen is pretty bright and the phone is pretty quick. This isn't an android phone so Windows doesn't need all that power to run smoothly.I currently have a rooted LG G2 and have had every other flagship phone and I'll tell you compared to what I spent for my phone this a deal!I had bought my dad a cheap galaxy phone on telcel (not the flagship phones)And that ran me $120 and now I regret not getting this phone for him as well

I've given it a good rating because the price is amazing. But even at this price I can't keep it because:IE browser refreshes almost any time you revisit the page or tab. This is an obvious collaboration between the phone companies and Microsoft to force the user to waste bandwidth and to pay more for their data. No settings, and no other free browser apps in the store. IE mobile didn't use to do this, they spent money on this new "feature".The calendar reminder sound is totally lame. I can't count on it to remind me of anything. My HD2 was/is great about this.It's easy to miss texts.Doing pretty much anything takes at least 3 taps. My HD2 does most things with one tap.I'm going back to my HD2.Edit --I'm loving my old HD2.I think I've figured out why I don't like Windows Phone 8. They made the OS into an app. By doing so they removed a ton of functionality. That sucks. Won't be buying a Win 8 phone again.

Good phone at a good prices. Well satisfied. Easy to use. Good. Battery life.  This  review  takes too long to fill out.

This is a very fast, good looking phone. And for the price its fantastic but the price comes at a price. The lack of front facing camera is inconvenient because I wanted to get into snap chat, al so the back cover gets loose over time if you don't use a case and can make it feel flimsy and cheap. But if you can get over that its wonderful. Very nice screen and very good touch capabilities. Also good sound with loud speakers and is very light. Overall a very nice phone for the price.

I really wanted to love this phone in every way. It has a lot going for it as you see from the reviews.What follows this updated review is the original, I am now 10 days into this POS and 3 factory resets later, I can soundly conclude that this phone is garbage.Great ideas, built like a toy, and completely unreliable. I've had plenty of phones and never seen anything so aggravating before.BEWARE: If you are foolhardy enough to bother with this after research, make sure you don't save anything to the phone itself, only the SD card, as there is no file manager you will lose everything everytime you reset, and reset you will. Bye bye contacts, pictures (camera sucks btw), apps, all down the toilet.Buggy buggy buggy. Just Google "Nokia 521 issues," then have a good laugh at my expense, then go get yourself a reliable phone. This ain't it.Just days ago I was more optimistic... This is my older review:But here is what is what I don't like:-No forward facing camera. You might want to think about how this will affect you. Forget Skype or any other video calling, no dice. In this day and age VERY limiting. Deal breaker item. I personally will never own another phone without this camera.-Windows. You might like it or not, I personally kinda do, but if you have gotten used to the app selections of android or iPhone, this will be like stepping back in time several years. There are enough apps for me, but check out the selection first.I really don't care for the disappearing tiles all the time, what's up with that?-The screen lock is absurd. Major deal breaker. Spent a day locked out, and every time you try a password it doubles the amount of time you have to wait to try again. How stupid is that. I ended up forced to do a factory reset and lost valuable pictures and data in the process. I will never buy another phone with that obnoxious feature. Epic fail.-No file manager, really? Weak. I shouldn't have to make 7 navigations and open 3 apps just to find a simple file.I will say though:-This phone is very fast, apps usually load quick.-Good cell reception and great WiFi reception.-The keyboards are fantastic, right on queue!-I LOVE SD expandable memory. MAJOR plus.-Best touch screen I have ever owned. And my last phone was the Samsung Infuse (priced at 6 TIMES this Nokia 521). Wow.-Battery life is through the roof. I watched 6 hours of video while traveling and she had lots more in her. Pretty amazing.-Strong audio and speakers. Again, best I have owned yet.Maybe the screen lock can be worked around. Until then I refuse to use it.One thing that will make my relationship brief with the 521 is the lack of that forward camera. Shame about that.

Phone came quickly and swiftly. It is sleek and very light.It is a lot better compared to the phone that I had before this.

For the price this is an excellent phone. Read the other reviews for the details. I want to comment on what's included in the box as fulfilled by Fuzion Wireless.A/C charger - Cheep, but functionalVery short USB cable - about 2 inches longInstruction booklet - standard minimal information is a bunch of languages.*** Activation micro-SIM - you don't need to buy a separate T-Mobile activation SIM. ***Note: Activation SIM has no dollar value, but you can setup an account and put money on it (pre-paid), establish another account type i.e. monthly billing, or have your old pre-paid account/phone number moved over to the new SIM.I moved my account over from my old SIM and T-Mobile made that super easy. My money and old phone number are being used on the new phone now.

This phone is awesome. Very easy to set up and use. The only problemis that you must have windows 7 or 8 on your computer for it to transfer data, XP or earlier versions do not work.

It is a very good phone for the price. The only issue is that the advertisement on the Microsoft Store states,"The Nokia Lumia 521 is a premium 4G smartphone at a great price. It includes apps like HERE Maps, which features true offline maps for 94 countries, and HERE Drive, free voice-guided navigation."In fact, I am in USA and there I am only able to use Here Drive map for USA country. Canada not even included. For other countries, you have to pay an extra $19.95 (1/4 of the cost of the phone). I had at least expected Canada to be available as is the case for most stand-alone GPS navigators.The advertisement/description on Microsoft Store website is somewhat MISLEADING, in my view. I would recommend to Microsoft to fix this ASAP to indicate that only the USA map works for USA customers (your region only).

The only thing i lagging is lack of Apps, but you won't fill that as Nokia has come up with there apps which fills up the gap. Best thing is offline map which make it worth deal, instead of buying 100$ GPS just use this phone as GPS :)

Phone is works great & love the fact we saved 50.00 verse paying T-MobilePayment plan of 120.00. Easy to use and set up. Doesn't come with Micro SD card recommend you get a 8GB or higher based on all phone picture capability 5mp and music options. The 4 inch touch screen very easy. If you have kids who beat up their phones or go through phone due to abuse this is a great option. Do recommend a good case cover & screen protectors...  Would buy another one and great phone for everyone.....

It's a little early in the game to really tell, but the machine worked from the word &#34;go&#34; and it is downright responsive.  It does what I want done and stays out of the way.  It appears to be real &#34;bang for the buck&#34;.  Windows 8 works well in this environment.  The only drawback is the T-Mobile experience, but I was expecting that.

I really like this phone.  Unfortunately it will not work in Europe which I failed to read reviews and research before buying.  We have German T-mobile and got sent between US and German T-mobile to figure out how to &#34;unlock&#34; etc.  This wasn't the sellers fault it was more of the lack of researching before purchasing.  Good phone though.

the Nokia Lumia 521 had a lot more features than I was expecting;  Takes excellent photos;  Love the speaker quality, I listen to a lot of music.  Overall extremely satisfied.

This phone is a superb value for the money.  Sure, it won't stand up in a challenge against the brand new iphone/droid/whatever, but what it will do is perform beyond any expectations.  Also, they seem to be very durable.  Dropped it about 10 ft with multiple strikes on the way, picked it back up and it was absolutely fine.  And when I said it can't compete with higher end phones, it was accurate, but it will perform up near them, and for a phone worth a tenth of what the other phone probably cost, that's saying a lot.  If you don't care about brand name and just want a cheap, sturdy smart phone, look no further.

I love nokia phones from the beginning as it is!The menu bar, at first seemed strange but I used to it for the second day. It works great with skype, and viber also. The touch screen is easy to use, much more easier than the Samsung phones!

all good, but when tried to copy numbers from Nokia with big sim card it was not possible. Consider typing all numbers to this new phone. good luck

I wanted a phone which should be great in these 3 features and this phone is awesome in all of them1. Music: plays well and clarity is good at high volumes too. Better than many low end androids that I used. Not as good as my Iphone or S3, If I rate Iphone and S3 as 100 and 96 then this would be a 85: as good as my BB Bold2. Browsing: phone is good in this department as well. S3 is only better because it has a larger screen  and the super sensitive touch is great, 4" screen is large enough for convenient browsing.3. GPS: I think this phone beats all others hands down. You can have offline maps, just download  US maps which is about 2.5GB by connecting to WiFi and you are good to go. You don't need data for navigating. But might need data to search something on the map, u can try and avoid that too. If you don't have data plan then look for points of interest and navigate.So far am loving the phone, people who are looking for gaming and high end photography might be disappointed and there's no front camera for video call or Skype. but its a great phone for $80 (I bought  it on hsn)Windows 8 tiles is impressive too, so far I have no complainsI would highly recommend this phone for anyone who would like to give a try to windows phones.

This phone will do everything that a $600 smart phone will do. and when you done with it in 2 years you can get a new one. battery life is awsome.

This phone has amazing value.  For $150 total cost (when not on sale), you get a lot for your money!!  I give this 4/5 stars due to lack of front-facing camera, no flash, no bluetooth capability and weaker hardware (RAM and processor) than other Lumia models.  The Windows Phone OS is great.  Even though there are a lot less apps in the Windows Store, most of them are quality, not like Apple and Google that have many junk apps.  As a T-Mobile user, I feel this is the best Windows Phone available.  This model has a major advantage over the Lumia 925 because the 521 has expandable memory and the 925 does not.  If the 925 had expandable memory, it would be the perfect phone!

For the price you can't beat this phone. As long as your not tied into Google which I am but my sister isn't this is a great phone for such a low price.

I purchased this item for my son . I purchased as used item . Surprised this item came in original box with SIM card ,No signs of it being used . Haven't had no problems with it . My son loves his phone . Thank you

Was very surprised how nice this phone is for the price. Does everything I need it to do plus so much more.Very happy with it.

son loves it best  price I could find anywhere for the phone.Thank you so much for selling these phones

When I started the phone up, it froze on me within 5 minutes. I had to take the battery out to restart it. The power button does not respond when it freezes. Going from Google to Microsoft was not my first choice, but i liked the price!! I liked the Lumia a little better after I personalized the menu. Good battery life. I'm still not a fan. I dearly miss my Galaxy S2. Microsoft lacks a lot of little things like swype, front facing camera, & easy access to memory & SIM card. I never had these problems but it cost 5x as much as this little Nokia.

My husband and I are 68 years old and have used feature phones exclusively. I just wasn't interested in high priced, expensive contract smartphones and I make all the tech decisions in our household.  When my husband started wishing he had a smartphone, I began to read all the tech news on the phones and systems in mid-2012.  I have always been a Windows user and did not want to change to Apple.  I admire Google but realized that really tech savvy people were using it.  When Windows 8 came out, I decided I would start by buying a Windows 8 tablet, get used to the system, change my computers to the Win 8 operating system, and then buy us phones.  However, I wanted to wait for an inexpensive Win 8 phone with no contract. I bought the tablet in November 2012, changed my computer operating systems to Win 8 in March 2013. At that time the tech news started talking about the coming inexpensive Nokia Lumia 521 on T-Mobile with no contract.We bought our phones on the first day they were available at T-Mobile in May.  We have used them for a month now.  T-Mobile was very helpful getting our numbers from our old no-contract carrier, which was difficult - their staff at the Pleasanton store is to be commended.I had already changed to Microsoft Outlook on the web to get ready for my tablet, computer, phone plan.  All my addresses, phone numbers, friends and family were ready and waiting and available to my phone. I had set up an Outlook account for my husband but hadn't put in his addresses and such, so I did have to do that. I was extremely pleased that I could just do it comfortably on my computer and populate his phone. I just shared my calendar with him.  I have had to teach him how to use the phone but he was eager and ready to learn, and it isn't a difficult phone to use.  He isn't very interested in tech usually.  On his first weekend out, he took wonderful photos at a wedding that the bride's parents loved.This is growing too long, but if you are a new smartphone user and want to control your phone costs, try this phone.  The features that I love are WiFi calling, Here Maps, the high contrast screen, great sound, good size for small hands and the integration with Outlook and social media. It has all the apps we need now, probably because we aren't power users, and more are being added all the time.Give this phone a try, it is really nice and easy to use.

Piece of crap didn't work out of box. If you are looking for a cheap cell phone, that works, go to walmart, or target they have $50 phones to $100 smart phones better than ordering online. Cause then you order the cheap case and screen protectors that arent worth returning and you are effed with those... Do yourself a favor and dont order a cell phone from Amazon

I purchased this Nokia Lumia 521 because of the cheap price and I have not ever had a smartphone before so I did not want to spend a ton of cash on a product in case I decided I didn't like it.This one sold for $99 which is the same price Microsoft is selling it for so that was a GREAT DEAL! So for the price I can credit the seller and I am glad to see this price is the best on amazon.com.The phone is easy to use, the screen home page is tiled and you can arrange it anyway you want. The phone comes with an initial screen protector showing the labels for all the buttons however these buttons are not labeled on the case so I left it on for a few days until I memorized what each button does.I purchased the sim kit from walmart for the $30 month unlimited data and 100 mins of voice. The trick with that is you must sign up as a new phone number and pick this option, it is ONLY for NEW accounts. This option only appears once during sign up and so you can't change your plan to the $30 plan later. The sim kit MUST be purchased from Walmart.The phone comes with a sim kit in the box, so if you want the walmart deal you'll have to leave the sim from the box alone until you put in the walmart sim card.The phone worked right out of the box without a sim card using it's wifi capabilities. I was able to connect to my home wifi without any problem. Only 911 calls can be made without the sim card but you can still use the internet and search the app store.Once the phone was setup I was able to use the full features without a problem. I did find that the phone probably needs to be rebooted at least 1 time a day or the OS starts to get laggy when switching around different screens. Either it is the windows OS or one of the other apps on the phone so I can't say if the windows OS is slow. Most of the time the OS works smoothly and the touch screen is sensitive so you barely need to touch it, I am sure that will preserve the screen longer so it's a good feature.I tested the camera out and it took good photos indoors without any flash. As others have said this phone does not have a flash but the digital camera can handle most low light situations. If you use the Nokia Smart camera feature that was a good way to capture a good photo in low light, it snaps a series of quick photos and you can pick the best one to keep. There are a lot of good photo editing software already included and some very nice free photo editing apps in the app store.Since the phone is from Microsoft it helps if you have an account with msn, you can sign up and the phone is tied right in to the sky drive features where you can store you photos, media and documents nicely as well as have access to your hotmail or msn email accounts. Also the messenger from msn works on this phone.Google has a smaller presence on this phone as can be expected with the competition however there is some great gps applications and I loved the nokia music app, it streams radios or offers an offline radio feature, on top of that if you swipe through the screens it will locate live music events in your area! How cool is that!?Now for the downside, as you know this is not an iPhone or a galaxy. Unfortunately it is very hard to find accessories at any local shops for the Nokia Lumia 521. Even if they sell the phone they will say they do not carry accessories for it so you will best spend your time on amazon.com, Nokia or the windowsphone store looking for these accessories such as the screen protectors and cases. There are some standard features which makes this phone compatible with a generic min usb phone charger. Actually I did find a small vendor at the local mall that had protective case for the Nokia Lumia 521 but it was so limited just 4 basic colors and none of the variety I found on amazon.com. Purses and pouches are a different story, most of those created a product that can be used with a generic smartphone size and this phone fits right in most of those items without a problem. I'd suggest just testing the phone pouches first before buying though to make sure.Another downside which was very disappointing to me was that I could not use the amazon cloud player app on this phone so I can not listen to my mp3 which are in my amazon digital vault. Very disappointed about that, but there is an amazon shopping app and the kindle app also works on this phone so that's indicating to me that soon I will be able to use the amazon cloud player as well.So speaking of the app store you have to fish around in there, the search is not always intuitive so you have to figure out the right keyword to locate things. I found that a bit frustrating, it's not as easy to shop for apps on the windows 8 phone as it is on an android so I hope they fix this.So if you want a good entry smart phone that is cheap and can be used with the T-mobile wifi calling feature (which is awesome by the way) this is a good phone to get. Just be aware this is not an iphone or a galaxy and it is not an android OS so it seems that there are just some things you'll have to learn to do without.I also have an android tablet pc so I do not really need to do everything that the tablet can do anyway, the screen on the phone is small so surfing the web is difficult as it needs to be zoomed in to click links. Most of the websites offer a mobile version but you have to pray they also support the microsoft windows 8 phones.Over all I am happy and really the wifi calling feature is what sold me on this phone on top of the pricing.

The phone looks nice & all. There are no scratches which is the only reason i gave it an extra star. But sadly I'm not able to use it. I tried to turn it on & nothing happened. I then plugged it in the charger. It vibrated & the battery light kept flickering on & off before the screen went black again. I tried more chargers, but nothing worked. Guess I will try a new battery.

I recently purchased the lumia 521 after a not so good sales experience I sat wondering if I had made a mistake. As I began to explore the phone I realized for the money I had found a functional product with extras that the android phones are charging for are free. Such as you can find your phone ,you can ring your phone,you can delete info on your phone all through windows on your pc. You also can use your phone as a mini projector that's just a few extras. The all around functionality is wonderful my girlfriend has a I phone she loves it but the picture are crap really crap with my 521 I was Amazed by the picture quality great stuff those are just a few gems I discovered I could tell you more but that would spoil the fun. Hats off Microsoft you got a winner  Splice99.....

The phone is very affordable for what it has to offer as an entry level smartphone. would be great for kids and/or just for use as an MP3 player with its Expandable memory slot.

Very nice and inexpensive phone if you're into Windows Phone.  Although it's 1/10th of the price of an iPhone 5c, it's definitely not that in value.

Nokia always makes excellent, very durable mobile phones. I'm happy with it. It's prepaid too. Need I say more? :)

Bought it for my 13 year old she loves it Great buy love it I would recommend  Nokia Lumia 521

I am trying out the windows phone platform formerly using an android (which I Liked).  This basic model has some very nice features.  The hardest part for me was transferring my music files so I can use for ringtones and texts.  The phone is slim and light, graphics are colorful and bright and live tiles are very cool (and useful).  The battery is super long lasting even with apps running.I received the phone very fast (under 7 days).I am really enjoying learning about this phone.  I will order from this seller again.

The phone is locked. Some sellers like Best Laptops And More, fools customers that it is unlocked phone.I bought this phone to use it out of United States but I couldn't use it because nobody was able to unlocked it.

This phone is easily worth $200, maybe even $300. I bought this phone as a cheap smartphone for my mother-in-law, but ended up keeping it for myself. It has actually replaced my Samsung Galaxy S4 as my daily carry phone. After using iOS and Android devices for years, this Windows phone really surprised me. Don't kid yourself, Windows Phone doesn't yet have the variety of apps that iOS or Android has, but it has the basics, and even without any apps, it has what you need, including Facebook and Twitter integrated into the OS, maps, local business search and recommendations, etc. It works far more smoothly than any of my Android phones did, which always felt half-baked, even as I loved the seemingly infinite configurability. While a $100 phone certainly has some limitations, in terms of storage, crispness of the display, and the camera, this phone is far better than its price would indicate. It has me seriously considering upgrading to another Lumia some day, but I think this little phone will stay in my pocket for a while.

GREAT BATTERY LIFE  LIGHTWEIGHTSOUND IS GREAT  GREAT SIZEDURABLE  DONT FREEZEEASY TO UNDERSTANDPICTURE QUALITYFAST DOWNLOADSSTORAGE

Can't beat it for the price, discover a gem.  Great camera, storage, music and maps.Would like a front facing camera but can't complain at this price.Would definitely recommend the Nokia Lumia 521

would be a handy little phone if you just need to make phone calls and check email now and again.HOWEVER cant support basic chat/mssg. sites, design/layout makes camera use difficult and frequently need to TURN PHONE OFF to hang up a call.So spend a little extra on a Motorola etc. or save your money and get basic phone.

LIKE ME PHONE, BRAND IS GOOD, LOVE THE CAMERA AND FUNCTIONS IS VERY QUICK WITH COVERAGE IN GOOD GOOD CAMERA RESOLUTION IMAGES

Got this phone from T-Mobile yesterday, just switched over from at&t.; I was hoping to get the Lumia 925 (I'm a huge fan of windows phones), but it just seems like its taking Nokia forever to release them. Since I can no longer use my old lumia900 due to a broken screen, I needed something immediately. Still planning on getting the 925 once it comes out, I decided to go with the cheapest phone with 4g capacity.After a day of use, I really started fall in love with it.Things I really liked about it: lumia 521 is pretty light in my opinion. It feels a lot lighter than my old 900. The touch screen is super sensitive. In the manual, it says it works with gloves on. I tried, and it works great. The camera is also decent. I mean, its only 5mp, so I didn't expected much. But the noise in the picture is very low even with high ISO. it comes with a panorama app which i liked a lot. The time between shots are still a bit long, but it has this smartphoto app that takes four consecutive shots, which helped to solve the problem to a certain degree. It has wifi calling. I actually had never used this function on any other phones before, I'm not sure if lumia 900 has it, so I don't have anything to compare the quality of wifi calling with. It has removable batteries. The back cover is not the easiest thing to take off, but you know you can if you really need to. I really like the feel of the back cover as well.But there are a few things I don't like. Nokia really could have place the power button at a different place or at least change the side design. With the curve on the side, I always feel the phone is slipping out of my hand when I press the power button. There's no flash and no front camera. It does not have 4g LTE, but even the iphone 4s doesn't, so I think this is alright. And plus, 4G is really not slow at all.So bottom line is, you know you are not getting the most advanced phone in the world when you bought it, and you know this isn't something that's gonna blow your friends' mind when they see it. But  if you on a budget, or need a temporary phone that is not gonna put you too far behind all the mobile technologies, nothing beats lumia 521.I'm paying $85 a month right now for 2 lines. $50(My line)+ $30(My girlfriend's line) + $5 (the monthly installment for lumia 521). This is about half of what I was paying last month with at&t;.

The screen is not as nice as on the high end Lumia's ... but it is a great phone at a budget price!

I bought this for my wife about ten months ago and found it to be a pretty good value for the price.  It works fine for calls, Facebook, and other basic apps.  Have lost signal a couple of times because the battery sometimes loses contact but it is pretty easy to fix.  I don't think a heavy duty user would care for it much mainly because of the less than perfect service of T-Mobile.  Also the Microsoft adaptation of Facebook on this phone is a bit quirky and should be a lot better.  However given that this is not a $600 smartphone it is a pretty good buy for the novice smartphone user.

Excellent phone for its price. I was a Andriod phone user and now I am starting to like windows phone. They do have less apps but that does not mean its bad.

Probably me because I am not a guru..Had problems loading and ended up at Tmobile to fix it.works good otherwise

If your buying this phone not just for the price or it's communication capabilities but also the included music apps and their supposed high quality functionality then buyer beware!!! I won't do a bash fest but I'll just say do your research on the incompatibility issues that are going on with Xbox music, Nokia music, windows media player, and the windows 8 phone  apps. Short examples = track duplication, disappearing tracks, photo duplication, disappearing album art, disappearing playlist, etc.. I'm not a tech newbie and have many friends who are tech savvy  who also cannot figure out whats going on. Our (very cynical) conclusion is Microsoft is doing their Microsoft thing... hoping that their customers will figure out what the problem is. This is not just specific to this particular phone but across the windows 8 platform.This is coming from a windows man who thinks that other than the music issue this is a great little phone that is just right for that person who wants to try out the Wp8 platform against the i OS and Android.Not a terribly big issue, but one just the same, that is not being pointed out enough in reviews. Like I said just do the research before you make the purchase if music functionality on your phone is important to you. It's my understanding that Microsoft has known about this for sometime now and still has not addressed it properly as of yet.

This is a very nice phone for the price you pay. It reacts to touch very nicely. I only wish it had a better camera.

Actually I had bought this Nokia Lumina 521 last year and made the mistake to return it.  After having several high end smart phones, I just re-purchased it again.  Mainly because of Microsoft windows and price, and because everything works so well and simple.  Good battery life, nice clear screen and can hear conversations nice and clear too but most importantly, it has WiFi calling which most phones don't offer it with T-Mobile.  Although I have several android tablets, IPad, and windows tablet, I always seem to like the Windows program better except for the lack of apps. I recommend this phone.

WELL WHEN THIS PHONE CAME IN IT, LOOKED UNUSED AND NEW. I REALLY LOVED IT, IT HAD NO SCRATCHES OR ANYTHING G

At the Amazon price, this is an amazing phone. I am a Chicago cab driver and people do get killed here for an I-Phone or lose them. Since, I have more modest needs, calls, texts, maps and some e-mail review, this is the perfect phone for me. Hey! I ;loved my BlackBerry. It is now relegated to alarm clock and camera. Back up.

This is a terrific mobile device at any price. The fact that it was HALF the price for a brand new device as any of the local stores makes it a bonus. We're very happy with this purchase. It was delivered a day early and is a nifty, streamlined Windows 8 phone. My son loves it. Thank you.

So I bought this phone about 6 months ago. When I first got it, I was wowed with its amazing battery life and its sleek style. The battery life has remained great for a smartphone, normally lasting a whole day. The sleek style, however, lost my praise very quickly. This phone is, in one word, simple. There is very little personalization and it is a very boring Windows 8 presentation. It also does not have a front camera! WARNING! I did not know this when I purchased it and I was extremely disappointed.While this is all terrible, the phone just got worse. Just a couple weeks ago, only 6 months old, the phone's buttons started to stop working. THEY STOPPED WORKING! I literally have to click the power button around 10 times to get the phone to its lock screen! Oh, and the volume button stopped working.Besides all of this, great phone. If you want a boring, non personalized smartphone that's buttons stop working after 6 months, this is definitely the right phone for you!

I have had all type of phones, but I'm in love with my Nokia. Try it and they'll see :)

I Love my new phone the slim line style is perfect. I also likes the fact it has windows @ my fingertips, and several Apps, and Wi-Fi accessible. Just wish my text would have transferred over.

Phone for me and my wifebest phone for that price, like that windows OS . Nice cam and sound system

purchase for my son he loves it works well features are great , I think I will order one for myself.

I gave this a 2 stars because it is useless without the phone services. The phone services or card is still expensive. The features look good. I bought this because I thought I could only use Wifi network only temp. but it's useless without services. I don't recommend to anyone unless you are willing to pay a higher rate monthly services.

I've always been a fan of the windows platform, but haven't always had the best luck with windows phones.This phone is by far one of the best phones I've ever owned, and at an amazing price. I'm truly impressed with the speed of this phone, the quality of the camera, the storage space, its effortless to use. Over all, very impressed!

Great phone takes a little time to get use to as any new phone does but works great I love this phone

great phone! I love the MY Drive GPS feature. I love the free wifi calling. I am on the $30 a month unlimited data/text plan. It is a great way to enjoy technology without paying a ridiculous amount of money.

Love the phone. Major upgrade from my HTC MyTouch 4G. BUT... TMobile still sucks almost everywhere I go. But this phone helps make that more bearable. Why am I still with them anyway?

(update below)I moved from a high-end Android phone to this one. I was eager to move away from very expensive phones and was curious about Windows on the phone. It's very, very different than an Android phone and my initial reaction was negative. Android is a simpler OS (from a UI perspective).Two days into it, I'm liking this phone a lot. Getting used to Windows, and appreciate what it does. At first I was concerned about missing my apps. I got those replaced with Windows apps. I can't get the same apps and don't have the same number of choices, but they work just fine.I was also dismayed that this phone doesn't do USB tethering. What?!?!?! No tethering? How am I going to get a network connection from my phone. It has this "internet sharing" thing, which I begrudgingly tried. This feature is great! Much nicer than having to use a 3rd party app and a USB cable and fighting problems with those. It's things like this are making this phone attractive to me.So far this seems to be a great smartphone and I'm expecting to like it more than my Android phone - will give an update in a couple of weeks. For the price this seems like a great value.---------------------Couple of weeks later and I am really liking this phone. One caveat: it does not have the same number of apps. I'm missing one or two that were convenient to have. For me the number is that small. Otherwise, it's been great. The features are good - better than on my Android phone. The UI is different. Not better or worse than Android. This phone is a fantastic value.

This is a lot of phone for the price point.You will not be able to find anything better for this price point if you are looking for a cheap smart phone.

I brought three of them . They work just as well as the iphone ,Great speed ,Sleek look,Light weighted ,Great amplified sound, You will really enjoy this phone

Had some issues setting up internet when I transferred sims on tmobile, still trying to work it out after a couple calls to t-mobile customer care. Other than that, phone usabilty is great.

Great phone.  Switching from an android to the windows mobile platform has been painless.  Everything has been working as I would expect it to without having to look for instructions.  A couple of my apps aren't directly available (Google voice for example), but the voice webpage still works and there are substitute apps that work as well.  Check the windows mobile store before you switch to check for app availability.

My friend needed a good phone for under 100 no contract . So I dug around and I read reviews or this phone and watched some youtube reviews . This phone got a lot of great praise so I took a chance and purchased 3 for her family . What can I say this little low spec phone can keep up with the big boys in most ways . It might not have the bells and whistles of an iphone 5s but honestly for everyday use I cannot tell the difference .Pluses :**The phone has amazing web browsing speed . .**Probably by far the best  5 mega pixel phone you will ever see ...I mean it takes GREAT photos ! I have a nexus 5 myself and I cannot tell the difference honestly and my friend has a iphone 5s and no difference either .**Great and I do mean great screen for the price ...looks higher res then it is .**Now the best feature on this phone is the sound quality ...It's amazing ..it's better then nexus 5 and a hell of a lot better then Iphone 5s I don't know how they got such amazing sound in a sub 100$ phone but wow !**Plays just about any game out there at good frame rates .Im not gonna list any downsides because this is a sub 100 phone and it has ZERO for that price range . If you need a great quality cheap no contract phone I am telling you ...this is a winner . Btw one came that would not charge and I returned it no problem to amazon and got a replacement phone even before I had shipped the broken one ...kudos amazon !

I like the battery life and the Windows  phone 8 OS, but that is about it. Too many well known problems come with this phone. The phone will rest if tapped, squeezes, or just moved too much. The best fix is to buy a new battery, because the one they ship doesn't fit properly. Then you have the constant hiccups/freezing while using it. There also the times where the volume button won't work. You'll have to restart the phone to get it back working. Restarting will also help when all sounds refuse to come out of the phone. And now finally, the audio jack has stopped working. Sound will crackle in and out, and just not come out at all. Either have to send it back with warranty to fix, or stick a small plastic piece inside audio jack to make the plug fit better.Could have been such a great little phone. I could have dealt with the little OS hiccups, but the poor hardware quality kills any reason to pick this phone up. Maybe i just really unlucky, and all these problems won't happen to you. If so, you'll have a really nice cheap smartphone, but if you do you'll just have a constant annoyance wishing you spent a little more money on a bit better phone.

Although, it was a last minute purchase my main phone broke. I thought it was a great way to get into windows phone 8. This phone is great fluid, and simple. I loved it and for the price it's a well solid built phone. It's a real trooper, dropped it, kicked it been to hell and back and still chugging along.

She needed a new no frills phone and it works very well, but still getting used to the Windows O/S. Will recommend to someone who wants a value and is easy to please!

I got this for my daughter, she is in love with her phone. The T-Mobile internet connection is fast, the cell takes great pictures and the Facebook app for winmo is robust.Pair this phone with the Eagle Cell PRNK521SPSTHLPLBK cover to protect your investment.I like this phone so much that I am considering buying one for my wife. (iPhone 4s user)

I was skeptical about getting this phone because you usually get what you pay for.  Boy was I wrong.  This phone is awesome......I bought this for my gf and now I am thinking of selling my Galaxy to get one of these............SOLID PHONE 4 SURE

I never thought i will be using a Windows phone, but this little Nokia made me change my mind. great call quality (sending and receiving). this little phone picked up my wifi printer hound dog and I can print from the phone, scan from my printer but using the phone to initiate the scanning and the scanned image lands in my phone. size is great and the price is great. very happyAlso, the phone was shipped for free and it took three days to arrive in my mail box,  great experience with Amazon. thanks,

ORIGINAL REVIEW:I thought about waiting on the Lumia 925, but after reading how much the Lumina 521 has to offer, I decided that since I tend to change phones about every 2 years, it made more sense to go with the phone that was lighter on my wallet. After finding that my local WalMart had one phone left, I snagged it and haven't regretted my purchase one bit.What I love about the phone:1. WiFi calling (set up instructions below) - calls are clear, but calls don't hand off to cellular network if you step outside of your WiFi range2. Tethering Capable (must add to your plan as a separate service, but no charge)3. MicroSD slot (up to 64GB)4. Camera is touch adjustable5. Adjustable font size6. Ability to have a high contrast screen (for those with poor eyesight or someone who wants a cool looking screen)7. Transfer My Data App makes switching phones super easy - even transfers text messages8. All of the Nokia app collection for free (drive, music, photobeamer, yousendit, etc).9. Touchscreen is very responsive - sensitivity is adjustable10. Visual voicemail (free, but have to enable your account)The few negatives:1. Camera isn't fancy, but is 5mp. Use fingers/touchscreen to zoom. There is not a flash, so indoor pics can be blurry.2. Phone supposedly won't be able to access the LTE network if available in your area. I haven't confirmed this claim. The phone speed is fast enough for my needs, but I am not a gamer.3. Plastic back. Does it matter? Most people use a cover anyway.The OKs:1. Screen is nice and easy to see indoors. Sunlight causes difficulties. I have not tried a non-glare screen protector.2. Phone does not come with a headset3. Phone does not come with a car charger4. The ear sound can get tinny. I use to up the volume to hear on other phones. In this phone, I turn down the volume to get rid of the tinny sound. This is not noticeable when on speakerphone.I really like this phone - it has all of the features I want at a fantastic price point. If you are buying a Windows phone (and you should), this phone is a no-brainer.WiFi calling set-up: get wifi calling enabled on your t-mobile account (free set up), and make sure that you have a wifi enabled sim card (free at TMobile store).  Then do a hard reset on the phone (not just a simple update).  Reset is found at Settings - About - reset your phone. Once you do these steps, a WiFi calling button will appear on your home screen. Press it and choose your option (Wi-Fi Preferred, Cellular Preferred, Wi-Fi Only).EMail/Social Media set-up: was a Breeze. I set up Hotmail, outlook, Gmail, roadrunner and a business email. Facebook and other social media is also very easy to set-up.Font size & High contrast screen is at Settings - Ease of Access.Tethering is at Settings - Internet sharing.(This review is not intended to endorse a third party seller.)SOFTWARE UPDATE (news release 8/16/13):The Windows Phone Amber update--available for Nokia's Lumia 920, 820, 720, 620, 520, 928, 822, 521 and 810--includes Smart Camera, which promises users the tools to create higher-quality photos by taking a series of rapid-fire shots then editing the best elements of each image together, further bolstered by filters and effects.Windows Phone Amber also touts Nokia Glance Screen, which adds a clock to the screen when the phone is inactive, alongside indicators that depict the battery level when the device is running on a low battery, charging or set to silent mode. "You can activate the Nokia Glance screen in the 'display and touch' section in Settings by swiping left to 'glance,'" said Nokia Conversations blog editor Ian Delaney. "Nokia Glance screen will be available for all WP8 Lumia devices except the Nokia Lumia 520 and Lumia 625, which have a smaller display memory."Following customer requests, Windows Phone Amber additionally resurrects features from older Nokia handsets. Users may now flip the phone over to mute incoming calls and double tap the screen as an alternative to the unlock key."The rollout starts now first for the Lumia 920 and Lumia 820 in selected countries as well as the Lumia 521, Lumia 810 and Lumia 928 in the U.S.," Delaney said. "Exact delivery timings will vary by region, phone and operator, but we expect the update to reach your Lumia 520, Lumia 620, Lumia 720, Lumia 820 or Lumia 920 by the end of September."UPDATE (12/6/13T Mobile changed their international features outin Oct 2013, allowing free data & texting in areas they serve (phone calls .10 unless wifi calling (wifi calling is free).  I took & used my phone to Peru & it worked quite well, both roaming on the Moviestar network (free) & hooking up to wifi.  I tethered to my tablet as well.UPDATE (3/28/14)I just returned from a trip to Vietnam where I used the Lumia 521 continuously both roaming & WiFi. In airports and other venues that had spotty or no WiFi, I tethered my phone to my tablet & to another user's tablet. WiFi calling provided free calls back to the states & using my apps, including Facebook, was a breeze.  TMobile's free international features are awesome (free texting & data, $.20/minute network calls, free WiFi calling to states, not in-country) and saved me hundreds of dollars.That said, I'm finding that I use my phone a lot more to take pictures, and the 521 only has a 5mp camera & no front facing camera.  The 5mp is OK & my phone has taken some very nice pictures, but now I want more & will probably upgrade to the Lumia 925 down the road (hoping for a T Mobile phone similar to the Lumina 1020).UPDATE (7/18/14)The Lumina 521 was resistant to its first fall into water, but after a longer second dunking, it died.  It died slowly in order to give me a chance to find a temporary replacement, but death was its final outcome (it survived 1 swim & multiple drops).  Since the Lumina 925 has fallen in price, I ordered it as a replacement. The Lumia 925 has an 8MP rear camera & is suppose to take good low light pictures. It also has a front facing camera.  It does not have the micro SD card slot that the Lumina 521 has.

With a lot of mixed reviews on this phone I will say this. I love this phone!. If you are used to android or iOS then You probably won't like this phone. The windows platform is different than any other and a little to get used to. But if you want a phone that can integrate everything you do, this phone is for You. Downsides are apps for a windows phone are limited, so if all the popular games and apps are important then maybe reconsider. This phone has Microsoft office and is great to sync with your windows PC for use of documents and graphs and things that you may need on the go. Battery life is probably best I've seen in a smart phone. Phone  is lightweight and very small in comparison to most smart phones. So if your a windows person or just need a entry level smart phone, don't let the price fool You. It is worth $70.

This is a nice Windows Phone for a great price. Switched my T-Mobile 3-line family plan to their new plan and pay 60% less per month even after an adding a 4th line. This phone to replace an HTC HD7 which had lots of flaky hardware issues.Windows 8 is a good improvement from WP7. Clear smooth and responsive. Micro SD card for storage expansion, nice camera and good set of apps from Nokia. Windows phone apps aggregate content well and app selection is growing.WiFi calling is nice to have. Good battery life, screen, speaker and camera are nice.Having to setup 3 accounts (T-Mobile, Microsoft and Nokia) is a little bit of a nuisance, but overall setup is easy.The phone I received had a broken volume-up switch, but Amazon return was simple. If not for this, would have rated 5 stars.

It's a decent phone especially for the price.  The apps seems limited compared to apps you can get for iphone/droid.  The camera no good for taking photos where there is no light/when it's dark out.  The camera is quirky as well when taking pictures, this circle icon appears and it takes like 3s for it to focus and take a shot.  It would be even better if the camera button had two stages, half press to focus, and full press to take shot, which it does not.  It only offers a full press that focuses and takes the shot which you have to wait 3s and hope that the shot is good at the end of the 3s.  Also the keys don't light up in the dark so you have to guess where the keys are.  It would be way more of a complete package with a flash and lit keys.  So 4 stars if you appreciate value which I do, but it's really more of a 3 star phone in terms of functionality compared to other phones.

Let me first start of by saying, this is an amazing phone! I bought it as a cheap entry into Windows Phone 8, and I'm completely blown away. I wasn't expecting this. This phone was going to be something I use as a backup, but I'm currently using this as my daily driver, and I love it!Let me also say, that I'm not new to the world of smart phones. I consider myself a techie enthusiast that buys and tries new phones / tech every few months or so. I've been on every phone carrier, and tried every platform except for WP8 (until now). I've also picked up every iPhone released (1st gen to iPhone 5), and I'm HEAVILY invested in Google services. I've had the last 3 generations of Galaxy S devices, tried many of the Verizon Droid line devices (X, Droid, Droid2). My most recent love has been the pureness of the LG Nexus 4. The fact that I'm impressed with this budget device is no small thing.Pros:-Fantastic Battery Life - (Appears to hold its charge while on stand by like an iPhone. Unlike Android phones that continue to drain heavily even without use. The phone also charges fairly quickly since the battery only rated at 1430mAH).-Great Nokia Construction - (Nokia does an amazing job with plastics. Remember the days of the old Nokia 3300's? You could drop those things over and over again without worry. I have nearly the same confidence in this phone. Something you definitely don't see in other phones these days. The phone even has a good weight to it. Not the light, cheapy feeling you get from some Samsung devices).-Removable Rear Cover - (Most WP8 phones that I see - even other Nokia ones - don't have a removable back. I was very pleased to see one on the 521. Scratch or crack a back? No problem! Replace it. Hopefully there will be some 3rd party support here making other colors and designs. I haven't had the need for it yet, but I can't tell you how many battery pulls I've had to do with some of my Android phones. I like knowing that if I ever have to reset my phone, I'm just a pop of the cover away. Even the buttons come off with the cover! This means if you ever have wear on the buttons, it'll be replaced with the new cover you put on there as well).-Dedicated Camera Key - (From what I've read online, this is a feature implemented by WP8. I was glad to see that this transferred even down to their entry level 521. I like having quick access to my camera, and this is a feature that is rarely seen on Android devices, and has NEVER been on an iOS device. It's also a 2-stage button. 1st click focus, 2nd click snap).-Acceptable Camera - (Now, you might be wondering why this is a Pro, since the camera is only a 5mp sensor. However, considering the 5mp limitation, I was very impressed with its quality. Even in low lighting, images are very acceptable. I rate this camera higher than my iPad3 & iPod5, and probably the best 5mp phone shooter that I've seen so far).-Great Speaker - (This was something that I didn't even care about right away. Then I tried using this to play some music from Pandora, and wow. It really caught me off guard. It can get really loud without distorting).-Snappy Processor - (I can't find any lag on this thing. I can't say whether this is hardware or software since I'm new to WP8, but it certainly makes it easy for me to switch back from an iPhone 5, Nexus 4, & S3 without really noticing a difference.-Generous Storage - (8 Gigs internal, with expandable storage options. There are phones that cost 3x this that don't even give you the expandable storage option. Other phones in this price segment don't give you anything close to 8 gigs internal space).There are other great things about this phone, but these are just the things that stand out.Cons:-Screen Technology - (I'm sure Nokia cut some cost here to keep the phone at a great price, so this is in NO WAY a deal breaker, but it picks up a ton of finger prints. You can't touch this screen without leaving smudges. It's just impossible. Higher end phones use a glass that's gone through anti-smudge treatment to prevent this. Wipe your screen more often, or put an anti-smudge screen protector and you're problems are solved. No biggie).-No LED flash - (Again another way Nokia cut cost, and again NOT a deal breaker. I only use LED flash on my other phones as a flash light. Everyone knows that those tiny lights don't do crap to help dark photos anyways. If I really have to pop some night shots, I'll be busting out a DSLR or a Point & shoot).Conclusion: - If you're on the fence about this device, let me help you. Stop reading my review here, and go buy this thing! You won't find a better value anywhere else. Prior to purchasing this phone, I stood by the Nexus 4 as being one of the best value's on the market, but Nokia is really putting a different spin on things. Any Android phone that you find in this price segment will be using an old OS (you'll be lucky to get Gingerbread), & extremely dated hardware. Here you have up to date hardware with an up to date OS at a 3rd of the competition's cost.Suggestions: - Buy this at Walmart if you can find it. I got mine for $129.00 at a local Walmart. T-Mobile sells this for $150.00, and right now Amazon has it for $199.00. Also I'm currently using this on Straight Talk. I see ton's of forum posted questions asking if this will work with Straight Talk, and I CAN confirm that it does. You just have to be sure you're using a T-Mobile compatible Micro-Sim. I also had to enter the APN setting manually. After just putting my sim in, I could receive calls and texts, but no data service. After entering the proper APN settings (available on Straight Talk's website), data worked just fine.... New $700 smart phones come out everyday, but the $129 Nokia 521 is a true gem.----------------------7/26/13 UPDATE!I still can't get over what an awesome deal this is. You can now get this phone as little as $99 OFF CONTRACT / OUTRIGHT. Since purchasing this phone, I've also picked up a Samsung Galaxy S4 & an HTC One. I can honestly say, that the differences between this phone and those other 2 "Flagship" phones don't justify the price difference. I still switch to his 521 regularly, and the only thing I miss or feel I'm sacrificing is the screen quality (resolution and technology). Still, it doesn't justify a near $500 price difference. The differences aren't even all sacrifices! The 521 at times feels quicker and less buggy than my S4 (although credit must go to WP8 for that), and the rear speaker is louder.I just have a few other notes to share:Battery - I love the battery life that I'm getting with this 521. I keep my phone on "Battery Saver", and I can go 24+ hours and still have about 30% battery life by the end of that cycle. I have this phone linked to my business Exchange account, and use this phone for work regularly (so the 521 is being used fairly heavily). Also, thanks to the small battery capacity, charging this thing really is EXTREMELY quick in comparison to the HUGE battery in my S4 that takes forever to charge. I suppose I must also credit WP8 for some of that.I did have that battery sucking bug that another reviewer experienced as well. For some reason, my battery life would just go from 100% to 30% in minutes. This had me really freaked out at first. After half an hour of testing, I found the culprit to be a bad app. Pretty simple fix: deleted the app, restarted my phone. Problem solved. I didn't even have to wipe my phone or clear it of any data (other than removing the bad app).Loud Speaker - Man. I don't think paid / "Pro" Phone reviewers give this phone enough credit. The rear loud speaker on this phone is amazing. I wouldn't say the quality is as good as the Beats Audio on my HTC One, but it may very well be the loudest speaker among my large phone collection.For anyone looking at this phone thinking that it's just a cheap phone to settle on, let me assure you, this is an AMAZING value, and you won't be disappointed. You absolutely won't find a better deal than the 521. If Nokia did more advertising in the US, the 521 would kill sales of many more popular devices out there. I truly hope the 521 pushes the market to create more budget friendly devices with fewer sacrifices just as Nokia managed to do. I find it truly ridiculous that phones are costing so much that some people are having to step into financing options to pay for the "latest & greatest" devices.

I wasn't sure about this phone especially when I found out that it doesn't do flash player. A lot of apps/functions I take for granted won't work here, but finding alternatives and looking forward to winphone 8.1 which I think is a free download makes it a whole lot better especially for the price which is why I went with it in the first place. It also doesn't have a front p it's also a lot stronger than it looks. The plastic case is sturdy but I added a silicone one as well for drops Really wish it had a front facing camera and a little better speakers.

I have not read all the other reviews and I'm sure someone else used the same subject line, but this is a great phone at a great price! Although it is feature-limited, you still get a current Windows 8 phone with 4G speed (where available) and decent battery life. I also have a Nokia 820 and between the two the three main differences are: no flash on the 521, no audio equalizer and the materials are a little more plastic. But it is lighter than the 820 and with the $4 shell I bought, it's a sturdy device. If you want a professional camera on a phone, this isn't for you. If you want a smart phone for under $100 that will be dependable and fun to use, buy this phone.

I loved the quality and the features on this phone so much that I bought an additional one for my Dad for father's day.  The only issue I had with the phone, and it has nothing to do with its operation, was  the initial difficulty of removing the back cover after which became easier upon subsequent attempts, otherwise no complaints.

Bought this phone for my dad to use. Recieved a brand new phone in perfect working condition straight out of the box. The phone also supports a variety of different languages which is a plus.

I'm a big fan of this phone.I purchased it mainly to see how the Windows Phone OS worked.I expected a $70 phone to be crappy. This phone is not crappy.The UI was extremely smooth (I almost like it more than the Android / IPhone approach). The browsing was fast.If the phone supported device encryption, I could totally see myself using it as my daily device.

I bought this phone for my wife at Christmas. This is her first smartphone. It has been fairly easy to learn and she really loves it.

If you want a good phone for a great price this is it. Has all the apps any more expensive phone would have.

I love this phone. Beats my last phone by a long shot. Love the Windows Phone system, much better than Android!

It's great. Having had only Android phones before, I didn't know if I'd like a Windows phone, but I do. The Lumia 521 is easy to use, fast, and reliable.  It's a keeper. I highly recommend it.

MY FRIEND LOVES IT.... I WAS A LITTLE APPREHENSIVE BECAUSE IS NOT AN ANDROID BUT THIS FUN IS JUST AS GOOD AS AN ANDROID.

Bought for a Lumia phone which was returned as it did not meet my expectations It would probably be OK.

As a developer, I can feel the stark contrast between a Macbook Pro (SSD, 16GB RAM and a quad-core CPU, nothing less) and a Windows laptop.A Windows phone was unthinkable for me. At the same time, I am smart enough to not spend 600-700$ on a smartphone. My old feature phone was crushed under my car when I forgot to keep my handbag inside. I was waiting for the smartphone prices to come down so that the phone doesn't own me. I was considering Nexus 5, but I saw an ad for this phone for 70$ and after reading a few glowing reviews on Amazon, I felt confident to buy this. It is only 70$, not 700$. I also have an Ipod Touch 4th generation and an IPad 3rd gen. This phone is definitely faster than the Ipod, and pretty decent for email, weather, calendar checking and other daily activities. I am not a power user and I have a feeling that this phone won't get obsolete for me for another two years.

Once I got used to a Windows phone I found this product to be awesome.It does everything a smart phone should and it looks great.The camera is a little weak having no flash, however at 80$, I put this phone up against any of the 200$ to 399$ phones.Very happy about this purchase

I love this phone.  I was intimidated by it at first but now that I am used to it I love it!  It meets my needs

This is one great little phone that actually get things done. I am really surprised. There are two things that must be clarified if you just got this phone and you coming from Android or Iphone. Don't expect to get all the apps you are used to. Also know that this phone is a  budget phone and so dont expect it to work like high end phones.SOME OF WHAT I LIKE:1. The audio quality and overall system is very good in fact far better than my previous two Android phones (Nexus 4 and LG G2). Voice calls are loud and clear. I am amazed at how good my music sound when I hook it up to my car stere. Very loud and clear. Makes the G2 and Nexus 4 sound like toys.2. The camera and pictures--I know there is no flash however low light pictures look great for a low end phone. Also like the unique physical camera button; Overall smooth UI that beats all Android phones I have used so far including the G2, Galaxy S3 and S4. It doesnt lag at all and what a relief coming from Android;3. Essential Microsoft programs like Office, Skydrive, One Note all work flawlessly just like their bigger phones like the Lumia 925 and possibly Lumia 1020. Its amazing how you can pull out this very little phone from your pocket and actually get things done.4. Battery life to a certain extent is good. It has the "battery saver" option and if checked it does a good job managing the battery usage. It also shows you the time from last charge and also the amount of time needed before the battery runs out.5. Tmobile's Wifi calling is fantastic. For those situations when you have little to no cellular coverage the phone switches to wifi and then you can make all the calls you like. You can set it to make only wifi calls or give it a priority.6. The UI is as smooth as butter. It just flows with absolutely no lag. Very impressive.7. It takes a micro SD for a change. This is great for extending storage.8. Nokia Maps gives you the ability to download entire state maps for you to use phone as off line GPS.SOME OF WHAT I LIKE LESS:1. The lack of apps can be problematic atimes but not honestly not a big deal. I knew what I was getting into but this may be an issue for many people. Most of the available apps works great.2 The IE browser keeps forcing some sites to appear on desktop mode even though the browser is set to mobile. This is a bit frustrating cnsidering how small the screen is.3. The lack of flash is noticeable in those moments of total darkness when when you need to take a picture. You will need some form of lighting for the pictures to look good. Also the lack of flash means you cant use your phone as a flashlight.Overall I really like this phone so far. Whether it will hold on to daily usage for a long time I cant say. but considering how cheap it is and no contract it is a risk I was prepared to take.

Its a really good phone for only 150$ but if someone else is paying part of it for you its not a big deal. It loads fast for everything which is nice when your in a hurry. It gives tons of starting apps that are fun to play around with, it's easy to figure out how to work it. It has really long battery life so you don't have to charge every few hours and recharges quickly too so that is good. Some bad things about it though is you have to wait a little until it gets a signal which might get frustrating. Also when I tried to download a app it didn't let me and I can't even download any apps at all which is sad.

This phone is good with this price. I live it so much. Just for T mobile . They do not have a lot of places can use 4G only at big cities.

I love the look and the feel of this phone. It did however take some time in getting use to it but now  I am happy that I bought it . The price was great also . the  phone has  some awesome features like  a voice mail read out  so you don't have to actually log in to the  voice mail to see the message. The sound on the phone is nice and loud when it needs to be. The one down side that  I can find is the USB charging cord that came with the phone the cord is only about 3 inches long so trying to plug it in to a computer can be tricky if you have high USB slots.

This is a fantastic phone for it's price. i've been looking for a phone outside android and iOS platform and surprised that windows already have this kind of platform that looks stable and smooth to use. i bought this with knowledge that it only have a 5MP shooter and no front-cam so it's no biggie. The HERE apps that came with it are working as expected as I'm trying it out while travelling in/out of Boston, surprised about the 3D maps as well. I uninstalled some of the software that are pre-installed that i won't be needing and found no issues afterwards no effect on the systemThe phone arrived as scheduled, in intact packaging, accessories are working as expected. I'm satisfied.

Very good deal. Arrived on time. Packaging was good. It even came with micro-SIM card. I'm facing only one problem. The battery is draining veeeery quickly. On the best review (I don't remember the name of that customer) that man said about app named culprit was draining the battery very quickly and he deleted that app and battery problem solved. But I can't find any app like that on my phone. If anyone knows how to find that just let me know pls.

I received my new phone promptly and in perfect condition. This is my first windows phone as is my first time ordering through amazon and am pleased with both. Very happy with the product so far and I highly recommend going through amazon as they have great prices.

This is a nice covering but I was really wanting something with more grip to it. I thought it would be a bit more rubbery feelings so I could keep a good hold on it. The texture on it isnt bad, but its pretty darn slick. It is a hard type material but it offers no real protecting in a fall. It will keep it from getting scratched though. As a covering, its a solid product.  The only other thing is, I must have missed where it said it was being shipped from overseas. It came three weeks after my phone arrived. I wouldnt have purchased it for that reason alone.

Most people will consider the Lumia 521 for its price, but it's a very competent phone at any price point.  The body can feel a bit cheap, but you won't notice it for a moment if you're putting it in an aftermarket phone case.

I bought two of these phones from Amazon recently, and here's my take on the phone.The phone itself is fantastic.  It's just the right size. Not so big that you have to hold it with both hands, and not so small that you feel cheated. The look and feel of W8 on this device is amazing.  It's such a smooth platform. And I think it's really user friendly. The only thing I didn't care for is that they don't have all the apps I use, yet, and that I have to set up a Microsoft account to download apps. Both just bothersome, not deal breakers. Sadly one of the two phones I bought is going back.  It repeatedly turns itself off for no apparent reason.  It can happen in middle of a call or when it's just sitting around. 90% of the time when it comes back on it's in airplane mode.  So I go to the settings to turn that mode off, and it won't let me. SO, I have to take my protective case off (a PINB by the way), take the back of the phone off, and pull the battery out and reinsert for it to come back on in the correct mode. The other phone, which is my husband's, hasn't had this problem, so I'm hoping it was an isolated incident. I don't want to take any chances though, so I opted for the full refund and will wait for the Nexus 5 to hit. Basically, get this phone because it's a great deal for this price, but make sure yours isn't a dud before your return window is closed.On another note, totally unrelated to the 3 star review of this product, is the terrible service I received from Amazon on this item.  I've never had shipping problems with them before, but they really dropped the ball on this one. It took them a whole 6 days after I ordered to even ship the item. Once it was shipped it sat at the carriers facility for another 2 days before they sent it on it's way.  Total fail! I would have understood if the item was back ordered, but they were showing in stock the whole time.

Purchased this phone for my daughter a few days ago. The first day it function well, by day two it started turning off by itself, just can't seem to get it to stay on. This item is surely not one of my best purchased.

Not a windows phone fan! !! Cannot do stuff like an android does! Stick with android if you are a big music downloader and YouTube watcher

I am convinced that this phone is the greatest cell phone I've ever purchased. I've gotten 3 of them now for my family (a super steal at $80). I'd rather use this phone than my current iPhone 4, which is slow, inefficient and just worse than this Lumia. So many cool features that surprised me; when your friend calls, it reads out the contact name and tells you who's calling.  That's something even my iPhone doesn't have!  It's not just the price of this phone, it's their apps like Drive, which is an awesome GPS, and Nokia music, which allows you to download radio while at home or in a wifi spot and then listen to them without using your data while out & about.  Love this phone!!!

I was excited to get this phone for two of my sons.  I got two of them.  I spent hours setting one of them up.  When I went to set up the parental controls so that I could block some of the content he would be able to access on the internet I was unable to.  Apparently Windows has NO option to be able to do that at all.  Even my service provider Tmobile couldn't block ANYTHING, even with their blocking options set to child.  I called Nokia, Windows, and Microsoft.  It simply is not possible to block their access to the ENTIRE web!!!  I sent back both phones.  I can't understand why they would not make that an options for parents!  If this is what our world is coming to, where a company with so much technology, is unwilling to let parents protect their children from so much of the garbage that our society has to offer... God help us!

This is a very simple smartphone. It does not have a front facing camera or Candy Crush, but it gets the job done as far as calling and texting goes. I bought this as a gift for my father and he likes it, however, the lack of a front facing camera has caused him to look for a new one. Despite that, for the price and the overall usefulness of the phone, I would recommend this product. If you just want a nice looking phone to make calls or you know somebody that wants a simple smartphone, this is the one to get.

This phone is a good deal as you get a lot of phone for the low price, however make sure you have plenty of patience for them to even ship the phone!  Once you get it transferring contacts to it is very cumbersome.  It won't import from the sd card.  I feel like IOS and Android operating systems are more intuitive to use and have better app selection.  If you have a bigger budget get the Nexus 5 which is a LOT of phone for the money.

This is a great phone, it is fast, easy to use and has most of the apps that I want. The best thing about this phone is the price. All of the other smart phones that I looked at with similar features were at least $100 more if not four or five hundred more.I have an android pad and would have rather had an android phone but for the money I am thrilled that I bought this phone.One of the keys to enjoying this phone is to take the time the time to setup your home screen tiles properly. If you hold your finger on a tile it will allow you to modify the tile, you can change the size, the location and add and delete tiles from your home page. I like to have all of my tiles display on one page so I removed everything I don't use and shrunk most of them to fit on one page. The tiles I left large are those that can display information in the tile like the weather channel and my photographs.I have added a screen protector and a protective case to the phone. It looks and feels great. Thanks Nokia and T-mobile for making smart phones affordable.

this phone is constantly overheatinglacking a lot of apps available on androidcamera could be betterthe goodthe sizethe apps that came with the phone such asdata senseHERE appsMy AccountOffice

wow love it!! the phone came before the due day that was awesome and it was well send because i order it as gift. good quality and it works awesome!! if i could give more stars i would give 100 stars. i so recommend this and would definitely be buying from this seller again.

I love the features but still trying to learn how to use the apps. Can't use Google or IPhone Apps but Windows 8 have their own apps to make up for it. I love that I can have access to my documents and pictures that are on my computer. Recommended for those who  are apps savvy

i just opened yesterday and got my sim card  number updated, just to stay with no phone when i put the sim card  back the phone does not turn on. i plug it and only a drained battery appears i left it charging all night and nothing Dont waste your money on this is not worth it. 1 starUpdate:  i bought a new replacement battery and phone is perfectly fine now, why not 5 star because this people sent me a bad battery.

I got this here on amazon and so far this is my best product that I bought from amazon. It's wonderful piece. Supports 4G, video and picture quality is good for the price. Audio is okay. I did not play much with the audio, but the few times I played music i felt good. Touch is smooth, not sure which type of touch technology it works with(it's not the resistive touch so the other one), but it's cool. Facebook app is not that good, but its acceptable. For a windows phones with that price is just awesome. I would suggest it for some who wants to try the windows phone..

The phone is great.  T-Mobile is horrible.  Even though our house is about 2 miles from their store, the phone doesn't work in our house.  I'm keeping the phone but switching service to AT&T.

excellent

Good phone, the windows operating system takes a little getting use to after using android and iOS for so long on other devices.  If you are connected to Hotmail and Xbox Live, this is certainly a good phone for you since they are all integrated.  It also has Windows Glass so you can control you Xbox with it.  Oh yeah, it also makes good phone calls and texts.

I switched from an android to this phone not realizing that this would be the best phone I've ever had there so much more to this phone then what's in the description that I'm still amazed by it and for the price how can you go wrong this phone is awesome

very good phone.

At the time (about 6 months ago) I snagged this for a low $94.50 now its even lower at $90.00 if your tight on money this is a no brainier smartphone good battery life, ultra sensitive touch screen and just very good overall. Comes with one year manufacture warranty which i used last week for a battery problem (free shipping both ways)

Hello people,I have been shopping on Amazon for a LONG time (12+ years?), and if I remember correctly this is the first time that I have written a review of a product. That speaks volumes, doesn't it? Yes, I am THAT pleased with this phone that I decided to write a review.I bought this phone from HSN for $84.75 for my son (actually he bought it with his own saved up money but I ordered it online) a few weeks ago. It was on a $99.95 special and you got $20 off for being a new customer. Add $4.80 tax and the phone comes to about $85. It was free shipping so I was already happy. I did have my doubts because:a) it was a Windows phone, andb) it was a Windows phone, andc) well, it was a Windows phone, andd) people had complained about the lack of apps available in the Store for the phoneand lastly, what kind of quality phone can one get for under $100 these days, correct?However, I figured that since the phone had a 30 day return policy (HSN included a pre-paid, self-addressed UPS label in the shipped box) why not try it? If my son didn't like it, I'll send it back. Well, it only took a few hours for my son to become the biggest fan of the phone. He was speaking so highly of it that I had to check it out again, this time in much more detail than I initially did when I received the phone in the mail. Wow! What a great deal we got! It is definitely a quality phone and quite possibly the BEST PHONE AROUND for the price--please do not compare it to its sibling, the Lumia 925 also from T-Mobile which is over $500.00--and therefore highly recommended.If you are with T-Mobile, or are thinking about it, I would definitely recommend this phone. Unfortunately, HSN was sold out of this phone as of this morning, but the current price on Amazon ($100.00) is quite good, especially with Amazon Prime's free/two-day shipping.So, my son really liked it, and so did I. I already have two Android phones so certainly am in no need of buying a phone for myself, but it was time to upgrade my wife's old Android phone, which had become quite unreliable with frequent freeze-ups and other miscellaneous issues. Guess which phone I got her? You got it! She really likes it too. It makes integrating with one's Hotmail (Outlook), Outlook Calendar, SkyDrive, and sync'ing with Windows 8 quite easy, seamless, and enjoyable. Despite what many people have said, the selection of apps in the Store is not so bad, and it's growing by the day. Now, the options for free GAMES apps are not as huge as Google's Play Store but it's on its way. If the primary reason for you buying this phone is free games, you may want to wait a few more months as the Store becomes stronger in its games apps offerings.So far I have spoken highly of this phone but in all fairness, I must mention the two things that I did not like in this phone:1) The Back, Home, Search button/keys are NOT backlit so until you learn their position in your hand while holding the phone, it can be quite annoying when you are trying to accomplish a task.2) There is no flash on this phone, so if you take a lot of photos at night or in a dark environment, this phone may not be right for you. We have a Canon Rebel T3i as our primary camera, so a phone camera has NEVER been a selling point for my wife or me, but it's always a nice option to have a decent camera on the phone. Nonetheless, it is a secondary thing for us, but I know a lot of people who use their phones as their primary cameras...so just something to keep in mind.Lastly, both of the boxes that I ordered from HSN came with the phone, a charger, a (very short) USB cable, a charger, and a micro SIM card. I just called T-Mobile and activated the new micro SIM since my wife's old phone took regular SIM, and it took all of 4-5 minutes to have her new phone up and running.Well, I hope that this review will help the potential customer(s) decide whether they want to buy this phone or not. As for me, I am ready to buy a third (or more) Lumia 521 whenever the need arises.

Good buy.Pros: Good performer, decent UI, Nokia quality and apps, great $80 price.Cons: No flash, no rear camera, learning curve steep for android users, limited app storeBought for me mum. I like it for ease of use and integrated design. Not for CyanogenMod lovers.You are limited in what you can do with it. Does allow SD upgrade, Reasonable Nokia music plan and downloadable Nokia maps. Good over all  solution  for the price. At this price no one should be without a smartphone.

My first Windows phone. I love this phone. Thanks to Nokia, T-Mobile, Microsoft and Amazon for designing and developing and bringing this product to market. Excellent device for the price.

It's difficult to find a cheap phone that doesn't feel cheap.  I bought this phone for my son since he's on a pre-paid phone plan.  We weren't about to spend a few hundred dollars on a phone for him.  This phone looks and feels like a phone at least twice the price, and his friends are impressed by it too.  I'd definitely recommend it and I'd buy it again (hopefully not because he broke his though!).

This is now my primary phone.  Dropped the iPhone in favor of the Windows Phone 8.1 environment.  The hardware is not as solid as the iPhone 4s but it's also not as heavy or expensive.  Not as many apps but when used for productivity, far exceeds the iPhone ecosystem.

great phone love the apps very freindly use.  Would recommend this for anyone.  I brought for my daughters birthday.She loves it and carries it everywhere

I bought this phone for my dad but I had to give it to my son bz it was hard for my dad to use, but it is a very nice phone.  My son love it.

I RETURNED IT I found it cheaper by $65,so when it arrived I DIDNT OPEN IT I just sent it back.I purchased the 521 before I RECEIVED YOUR PRODUCT.

I bought this as a gift to my wife. It's been about six months and still going. she is happy, but too much time is spent on the internet.

GREAT phone. Affordable, but extremely useful. As a first time smartphone user, it feels great and I can't tell the difference in performance between this and my wife's Iphone 5

I got the phone for only 99 dollars Target to replace my old Android phone(T Mobile Concord).  I wasn't expecting much out of this phone except for average daily use, but after several months using this phone, I can tell you the experience is surprising pleasant.  The phone has a rather large screen that renders high quality pictures, videos and texts alike.  Its processor is fast and quite responsive to touch.  The phone's interface was very easy to get used to and installation/removal of apps was a snap.  As for the phone build quality, I couldn't recommend it enough.  It's the most reliable smart phone I have ever used.  No instance of freeze up, hang up, or forced shut down for several months I have using this phone.  A dedicated button for its 5 Megapixel camera is also very convenience.  For a 99 dollars phone, its camera alone is worth the price.  Web browsing on 4G is amazing, loading web pages, photos, and streaming video are equally fast on the phone thanks to it fast processors.  Call quality is quite decent, most of my calls on this phone were quite clear.  There are some drawbacks, such as few apps are available for windows platform, its hard plastic cover is not comfortable to hold, and it only has three preset brightness levels.  Then again there attributes were easily ignored once I have gotten used to many of its wonderful functions.  For a phone of this quality it is a highly recommended buy.

Full disclosure: I have had to return/exchange phone twice, but I still give it 5 stars.  Here's why:-Love the way Windows phone's OS is set up.  Very easy, convenient, manageable and easy to set up the way I want to tailor it to my needs.-I've had excellent battery life with it, although I carefully manage WiFi, Bluetooth, location services and usage, etc.  It's easy.-I used Nokia's complimentary &#34;set-up service,&#34; where you make an appointment and they call you (preferably on a separate line) to discuss things you don't understand with the phone.  I waited a few days to explore the phone myself, so as to hopefully have some &#34;intelligent&#34; questions, and it was a pleasure.  Although you categorize the areas you want to discuss, you're free to ask whatever you like, so you can effectively use your phone.  The Nokia representative was efficient, knowledgeable and friendly - i.e., real customer service.  And they said I was free to call any time as a Nokia owner.  Nice!-Although the 521 lacks a couple of things that would be nice, such as a magnetometer for true location services, a front-facing camera, etc., with my provider, T-Mobile, it has several advantages, such as WiFi calling.  I bought this phone specifically to replace my old Nokia E-series and to use with T-Mobile's so-called &#34;Wal-Mart Plan.&#34;  $30/month, 100 minutes of calling, unlimited text and data (up to 5gb at 4g) - perfect for me.As for the returns, the first was likely not the phone but the SIM card.  Nonetheless, T-Mobile suggested returning all and starting fresh.  I considered that solid advice.  Second, probably a battery, but again, with the sane advice of Nokia, they suggested a complete reset.  I will say this, the recovery was much less painful with Nokia/MS Windows phone's OS than I expected.  If you log in via an MS account, and allow them to save/update your system, such occurrences (which happen with all variety of phones!) is not so painful.I recommend, but again, I'm NOT an apple fan, nor much of an Android fan, either.Bottom line: Find another phone with this much functionality and utility for this price point.  You can't, in my book.

i love this phone, already came with updated software (windows 8 amber) . this model have everything you need for dayli basis.only pros is no front camera and no flashlight.

this phone is not what i expected.i can't get on internet,can't access facebook,can't send pictures just not satified with it.

We are new to smartphones, didn't want to spend a fortune if we didn't like it.  Easy to read, and I like the size, not too big.

I bought this phone not knowing what to expect, having never used a Windows phone before. The price was incredible and almost seemed to good to be true. (I paid more for the phone than it is selling for now keep in mind) I was skeptical.Once I started using it I was amazed. It is a fantastic phone for the price paid, well worth it. The only thing I would say to people coming from iPhone or Android, like I did, is that not a lot of people are developing apps for Windows phone, so there isn't a lot of choice sometimes on apps. Usually you can find what you're looking for. Pretty minor issue for a good phone. Overall I've been really happy with the phone.

Had my phone for almost 3 weeks the screen is very large and classy I would say fot it to be the prices its at its worth  only small down fall as you all know there aren't as many apps as android that's why I gave it a 4 other wise everything else is good.

I am a rare case and have been using Windows Phone since version 6.  I never buy the latest and greatest but only needed a smart phone to send/receive email so I always waited until I could get a phone that was over 1year old for super cheap.  I never use GPS, because I know how to read maps and can generally get around a city without them.  Flash forward to the release of Windows Phone 8 and I'm stuck on 7.5 and never felt the need to upgrade.  My wife was sick of Android and iOS and the inflated bill that came with it on Sprint.  She is also not a power user, but like everyone else in the US, are brainwashed that they need $700 phones to survive.  Well her contract finally ran out and I got her to convert to prepaid and bought this phone at launch.  The OS allowed her to explore more apps and is more intuitive in layout and design then the others.  Battery life was a godsend as she can use it all day without it dying by 3-4pm.  I found myself playing around with it more and more and couldn't see myself not getting one(Thanks MS for not supporting WP7.5), so I waiting for an $80 sale and bought it. Long story short this is a phone that truly is budget conscious without cutting design/build quality.  You simply can't go wrong with Nokia and WP8.  Takes great pics on full sun/daylight only.

I bought this for my mother and I currently have the phone so I know the ins and outs of the phone already

Super slow, everything I've done takes a couple minutes. And a few times, the touch screen has become unresponsive. I click the power button to go to the lock screen again, and it works, but the fact that the touch screen sometimes doesn't register my fingers is kind of iffy. I've only just got it, so I'll update this when I've used it more.

Dad uses it for work and loves the phone to death. Just like a cpu in your hand. Works great and i highly recommend!

Saved only about $5 off Walmart in store pricing. T-Mobile wants $144 for this phone? I don't need an expensive phone and the fact that 25% of all phones are lost or stolen every year makes this purchase a wiser choice. Bought two of them for myself and daughter and signed up for the T-Mobile Simple Choice Plans. You have to install the micro sim card unless you already have one. We had standard sim cards previously that are too big. Was worried about the Windows OS but everything is working great so far. Phone, Camera, MP3 Player and can add plenty of free apps plus up to a 64MB Micro SD Card. Battery life so far average. Average to less than average user. Heavy use and plan on charging more often.

This phone is great bought for 19year old who seems break everything and has held up nicely... The new windows design is excellent and loves it but I wouldn't recommend it for apple users. The only thing it lacks is a front face cam for Skype but otherwise perfect for most social phone users.

Wish the window phone would sync with Lotus notes!!! if anyone was able to figure out their, please post the direction....

I ordered this phone for my 13 yr old son, I am ordering one for myself tonight, this phone surpassed our expectations, the operating system, the user interface left my iPhone in the dust, I love the apps the endless possibilities of Nokia lumia, the camera is awesome, the windows 8, And Xbox my son loves this phone and so do I.

My perspective:I've owned iphone and android previously. Realized that I have wifi at home, at work, and at the shops I frequent. In an attempt to save money, I canceled my current data plan and trying to go with the best alternate. I've also used Skype for years, and have relatives overseas.521 Pros:- Fantastic Skype integration. Will use speaker by default, but you can change that and use it like a phone. Using it for a month now, and people tell me it sounds like cell quality. Only drawback is no front facing camera. Also, you'll miss Skype calls when the phone is asleep, but FIXED if the phone is plugged in charging.- OFFLINE Maps. Turn-by-turn voice directions. NO DATA PLAN REQUIRED, since maps download to your phone. However, you must know the address of where you're heading, since searching for 'Jiffylube' will not return results without a dataplan or wifi hotspot.- Loud Speaker. Listened to a ball game recently with it...set it on the counter and I could hear it clearly from 30 ft. Puts more expensive phones to shame.- Slick Interface. WP8 is smooth as butter, even with the hardware being somewhat below current expectations. Touch screen is same as iphone, very quick and responsive.- SD Card. Tried a 32GB card, which worked. Also falls into the CONS category, though.521 Cons:- Slippery. Cover fixes that. I thought covers would snap-on, but they're the typical wrap-around types.- SD Card. WP8 limits use to media files and photos only. You can upload other file types from USB, but you won't be able to find the files. Also, the USB uses the MTP protocal. For example, running EXE files from the SD storage on windows will fail (MTP limits random access to files). Guess you'll still need that trusty USB stick or HD, no thanks to Microsoft's great decision to use ancient MTP.- WP8 (windows phone 8 OS). I like many things about the OS, but they made some poor decisions. The security acts like an iphone, where each app is sandboxed. This makes things difficult: sharing files, making email attachments, or downloading general files. Accordingly, no file browser exists. Also, no alternative browsers exist (NO chrome, NO firefox, NO dolphin, etc), nor any alternative keyboards.- Camera. Great quality in good light, but lack of flash limits its use.Conclusion:Overall, I'm happy with the phone and like 80% of WP8. Happy enough that I bought another for the wife. However, WP8 needs to LISTEN to their customers and make some compromises while the OS is still young and alive. If not, my next phone will likely be an android, and I imagine WP8 will die a few years later.

i got this phone from HSN.com on the day it was released for 149.99. now i think it i available for 130 at HSN or walmart. i am a hard core smart phone user and i have used all OS from all brands. i got this phone because my galaxy nexus got stolen and i needed a phone right away i couldn't find a phone that was worth the money at that time. This phone was cheap, non-contract and i got to try new things: wp 8.so, for android users who look into deep customization, don't come to this phone. wp 8 is not designed for that.for hard core smart phone users who run all kinds of weird or tough jobs on their phones just because "i can", give this one up. This one had limited ram and does not have NFC and the tethering function was messed up (by T-mobile). Many beautiful 3D apps cannot be run on this phone including the famous game temple run. and one big fail is that wp 8 does not allow installing apps on microSD...and 8gb runs out very fast for a hard core user. it is definitely not enough..at all!for beginner smart phone user, this is an amazing smart phone! it is extremely smooth (i've got to say, my nexus freezes/lags all the time). it has built-in office (much better the office apps on other platforms); it has autofcus camera which performs amazingly with very decent quality; it also has an enough resolution for the screen: very clear and bright. it is basically fully functional as a smart phone in spite of all the bad reviews about wp8 and the lack of apps in the store. The stock map app, music app (similar to spotify) and camera apps are useful and fun.basically, wp 8 is a closed system like IOS but allows at least a little more customization compared to IOS. you can change the theme color; you can arrange the tiles in the way you like and with certain apps, you can make a wallpaper with the tiles which are also functional as buttons.to sum it up, for hard core android users, it will take some get used to if you swtich to wp8 but for iphone users, you may find this phone pretty and more fun (IOS7 is coming out and it is supposed to be amazing...so i dont recommend switching at this time hehe...).This phone is the best smart phone that you can get at this price range.

Awesome phone regardless of the price.  When my $600 Windows phone breaks, I will replace it with this phone.  great

i bought 2 same phone for my mum and uncle as a Christmas gift and they really loved it and enjoy usingit was a nice package for a gifti will recommend it anyone who needs a phone

Free GPS and so easy to use. My aging father though it'd be harder to deal with a smartphoneBut since he figure out how to pin contacts and addresses to the home screen, he's having a blast.

Yes this is a locked phone. You can unlock it using [...] it takes about 15 working days to get the code. One issue with this phone, is the battery. Not sure what is the cause but the battery is not large enough to reach the 3 pins in the phone. So it blinks (charging) all never charges. You need to put a folded piece of paper under the battery to raise it to the points. After this it works fine. Great phone for the money.

For less than 100 dollars, this is a great phone. Does everything I need it to do.Mind it is NOT an iphone, that's why it's cheaper. It's a start-level smartphone. Let's not compare it to top-notch models.Good battery life, good reception with T-mobile, better than other brands. I only do basic apps, so I don't really mind if the windows phone shop has less variety. Basic camera but good performance in low light. Attention: no flash, no front camera. You can download an autoshoot app and there you have it. It is also nice that you can tap anywhere on the screen to take a picture.The Here Nokia apps are very good: maps, driving, and pubic transport. I am impressed with them, I love them. The phone comes with Office, which is handy. The calendar app does not have a weekly view, which is kind of annoying, but a minor glitch. Calendar syncs perfectly with Google calendar, so I like it very much.The voice feature is cool. You can say &#34;text Joanna&#34;, and then dictate your message and send it. You can also do voice searches. It is not Siri or anything, but it works well.The first one they sent was not working well, but I went on the Amazon chat and they gave me the best service ever, shipped me a new phone. You don't have to deal with the seller since the phone ships via Amazon, they take responsibility, no risks!I am very happy with the phone and I recommend it.

Bought for my daughter as an emergency phone and media player. Added some extra memory.Great phone she loves it.Only down side is there isn't a flash or front facing camera. I knew this before buying but it would have been a nice to have.FYI: Got the $100 pay in advance SIMM from TMobile which should last a year. The &#34;Pay In Advance&#34; option is really hard to find on their web site.

This phone is truly amazing, durable, the phone system is perfect. Bought it for college and work. And it has been taking a lot of usage. Still working perfectly.

Well just received this phone,I was replacing a huawei? summit,and let me tell you for 70$ you get probably 2-300$ worth/feel of a phone easily!If you're reading this review and up in the air about choosing between phones,just choose this one you can't lose.only downside is no google play :(

Unit failed to activate the first day. Returned to T-Mobile store and had to be issued a new phone number, which did activate.When it was working, it was great, but that only lasted about three weeks. The phone would not wake up from sleep mode unlessthe battery was removed and re-installed. What a pain! Returned to store again, and was told to mail the dead rock back to the repair center. About ten days later, got a replacement with no back cover! Back to the T-Mobile store again, and was informed there was nothing they could do (two week return period had passed)! I would have to wait to hear from one of their stores when, and if, any back-covers became available! (I did find a cover on the internet, however.)The phone is now  working, but trying to push those tiny momentary contact switches that are about the size of the proverbial gnat&#34;s you-know-what is close to impossible! Still waiting for the replacement back cover to arrive.It may have been a lemon, but I hope that 521 will finally work properly. Think I'll use up my minutes and dump the thing.Just glad I did not drop my previous provider!

I've had this phone for less than a week, but I'm getting a feel for the windows phone environment. On the Nokia side, the hardware and build is superb for the price. You wanna talk about plastic, grab a Samsung galaxy at $600. This phone is plastic but is beautiful.  I never use the front facing cameras so I don't miss it. The flash that is missing on the back can be made for, by adjusting the camera settings. I miss a lot of the apps from Android but they will come, give it a chance. This os is less than a year old.Update: not going back to Android anytime soon. The Windows Phone is has me impressed. I guess I grew up tired of my Androids lagging and freezing up all the time. I'm staying with this phone for at least a year. Most popular apps have ports via third-party developers on Windows Phone. Vine, twitter,tumblr, Facebook, reddit, every major app is there. I can't find good spreadsheet, vpn, PDF, programming apps though, but I'm a power user that buys cheap phones. Call me cheap, or smart buyer. But I'm willing to give all those apps up for this smooth phone. I still use my previous Android if I need to use those power apps, but this phone is my everyday workhorse. One major thing missing is that the browser can't save passwords. You need to use the Lastpass app to solve that. 4 stars

Let me start by saying that shipping of the phone came extremely fast. I definitely was not expecting to recieve my new phone as quick as i did. Only took about 3days to get here. Not what im used to in the past when buying phones online. Second, going from an android phone to a windows was definitely not a hard change at all. I actually find the windows phone very easy with all of the setups. The only problem i had was having to go from my usual big screen 4.7 screens to an actual 4.0 one. I unexpectedly was not ready for that. But other than that. I have no complaints. Looking forward to getting new cases and exploring more on my new Nokia Lumia Windows 8 phone. Thanks Microsoft and Amazon.

Fantastic phone. I also use an iPhone 5s, this is by far a better phone all around. Also the Windows OS is much better than iOS.

First off, let me say that I'm a windows fan.  Xbox, PC, but this phone has to be the most piece of garbage I've ever had.Phone is just a piece of junk, internet explorer turns black sometimes so u have to constantly re load the page to see it.  Your music is replicated over 6 times on your memory card for no stupid reason, and there is no fix for it. Microsoft acts is they never heard of the problem  before even though its wide spread.  Your Mobile account app to look at your account does not want to let u log in, so u have to call in customer support every time to change your pass word.  What a nightmare  of a phone.  Don't waste your time, total garbage, wish I stayed with iPhone, way too many issues with windows system.

Everything is better than the price paid for!!!!In addition to $70 great price  + free $20 app voucher!One thing is that they need to have more of the mainstream apps. But I know it's coming!Great customer service Amazon!!

Overall good and easy phone to work with.  Has everything i need and the camera is actually pretty good even when its kind of dark.The only issue i have is while on a phone call, the mute and hold buttons constantly get pushed by my hair or ear or somehting and its super annoying.  Even if you lock the screen while on a call it unlocks after a bit and happens all over again.Otherwise, no complaints.  Totally worth the money.

Arrived quickly and the phone is efficient! Only down fall you will have is the lack of apps. For an entry level smartphone it is quick and does what it can

a very nice phone, shipped and delivered on time. It is everything I expected and more. It is easy to use and maintains a charge for a long time.

Yes, the Lumia 520 / 521 is (by a large margin) the device that has put Windows Phone in the hands of more people than any other device. That's because with Windows Phone the experience is pretty much the same across all devices (aside from hardware). That means that whether you pay $100 for the 521 or $700 for the top-of-the-line Lumia 1020, you get the same features in your day-to-day experience. This automatically makes a lower-end device like this T-Mobile phone an attractive deal.That being said, what you are NOT getting in the 521 is a bright screen, LTE high-speed data, and a great camera. If you can make that trade-off (and obviously millions of people can), then this a great deal.A note on the lack of LTE - T-Mobile's non-LTE 4G service is VERY fast. So the lack of LTE is not as big a sacrifice as it would be if you are on, say, Sprint or Verizon (where the non-LTE data rates are horrible).In addition there are two hardware advantages of the 521 that are worth noting.* It feels great in the hand - not too big, quite thin and light. You'll forget it is even in your pocket.* It does WiFi calling. Even if you are in a building that has lousy T-Mobile cell reception, if you are connected to WiFi then the phone will send / receive calls using your in-house network instead. This can be a huge plus. For example, in my apartment I am on a side of the building that gets iffy reception in some rooms. With this feature, that is no longer an issue. All my calls go through the my WiFi router and are crystal clear. Only T-Mobile has this service, and not all TMo phones can do it. This one can.Weigh these advantages against:* Photos are average for a smartphone camera. (Ok, maybe slightly above average.)* There is no flash. Mostly I miss this because I can't use a flashlight app to help pick up dog poop in the dark.* While adding an SD card will let you load tons of music, video, etc - there is limited memory space for apps. Many will never notice this, but if you want to load a lot of games, you may hit that ceiling.* The screen is OK - but not great in sunlight and not the kind of HD resolution we are becoming used to.* For a phone with a 4" screen, it is not exactly small. As a matter of fact I put it next to my Moto X (with a 4.7" screen) and they are almost exactly the same size. It's not huge, by any measure, but don't expect an iPhone sized device just because it has a smaller screen.In short, it is pretty good value for money and perfect if you want to give Windows Phone a try, or need a second phone on a cheap plan. If you need more network speed or a better camera, then the Lumia 925 (on T-Mobile) or Lumia 1020 (on At&T;) will make you VERY happy - but they will cost 6 or 7 times as much.***Update 2-14-2014I've gotta share this. Last week my Lumia went through the wash AND the dryer before I found the phone, back cover, and battery mixed in with clothes. My heart sank. I put it on the dresser and just left it for a week, and put the SIM in another backup phone.Today I put the SIM back in and turned it on... and it's working just fine! Kind of unbelieveable. This is a tough little guy.*** New to Windows Phone? ***Let's get some of these basic questions out of the way:Why is the processor / memory specs so low?Windows Phone is a light operating system that doesn't require much hardware to run well. The real question is: how fast does it run? The answer is very fast; very responsive. This is just as zippy as Nokia's top-of-the-line Lumia 1020 when it comes to everyday tasks. You won't see any lag until you run graphic-intensive games or photo editing.Why can't I customize the background like in Android / iOS?Because there is no background. The Windows Phone screen uses tiles, not app icons. Many tiles are "live", which mean that they show you information without having to actually open up the app. For example, weather alerts, new email or voice message, what someone has just posted on facebook or twitter. You can resize and arrange the tiles, and actually get quite fancy and graphically interesting, if you want. (See my pics.)http://www.amazon.com/gp/customer-media/permalink/mo1OZRLSQTX4G7Q/B00COYOAYW/ref=cm_ciu_images_pl_linkhttp://www.amazon.com/gp/customer-media/permalink/mo1OZRLSQTX4G7Q/B00COYOAYW/ref=cm_ciu_images_pl_linkIs there an app for Facebook? Dropbox? Twitter? Instagram?...etcIf you mean an "official" app made by the same people who make the app for iOS or Android - maybe yes, maybe no. If you mean can I do Facebook; acccess my Dropbox files; do Twitter; post, search, or browse instagram - then the answer is almost always yes. Third-party developers are happy to step in to a vacuum an sell you their Dropbox (or whatever) client. They are all in the Windows Store.What about music and media? Can I play my iTunes stuff?The XBox Music system gives you music, podcasts, video, games, and apps. (Sound familiar iTunes and Google Play fans?) You can import your iTunes music from your computer to the phone. You can store music on the phone SD card, or in "the cloud" on SkyDrive.

It is supposed to be an &#34; entry level smart phone&#34;. That's the problem. Unfortunately, Nokia/Microsoft like other manufacturers abandoned quality non smart or half smart phones.I quickly found out that the phone does not, to my big surprise, have a flash and that i can make better pictures with my old Nokia C3-01. Off course, it did not have the handy flash light either. Since my C3-01's screen problems went away, at least temporarily, I decided not to explore where else this entry level smart thing cut the corners and for the first time in my life decided to return a cell phone.

The Nokia Lumia 521 Phone was delivered timely and in great condition.  I bought this to replace an identical phone that my grand daughter had. She is very pleased with the phone.

This is a feature packed phone for the price. For under one hundred dollars, users get a great smart phone on a great network and in addition, no one is locked down to a two year contract. I tried to cover as much as i could in the video review, but due to file size limitations, i maxed out if i exceed a three minute video review. I am a huge Windows OS fan. I think their OS is great and offers users a different experience. It is NOT the most exciting OS out there, but at the same time, it is a very solid OS and runs very smoothly. It is not a battery hog or glitchy like the Android OS. My pros and cons are below. I know my cons list might be a bit long, but remember that you are getting a lot for the price. Feel free to ask me any questions and i'll be happy to respond.Pros:- Price (A smartphone under one hundred dollars and no contract)- T-Mobile network- 4G (HSPA Plus Network no 4G LTE)- Built in Wi-Fi- Mobile HotSport Feature- T-Mobile's awesome affordable plans- Wi-Fi Calling- Windows OS- Features packed smart phone for the price- LCD display (LCD is brighter than AMOLED displays)Cons:- No HD display- Display is 4 inches (5.2 inches would be perfect)- No front facing camera for video chats- A larger battery- Not a 13 megapixel camera- No flash on the camera- No Starbucks or Hangouts App yet

I like this phone compared to the android platform. Simple, easy to use and very friendly for anyone. I think its a great product.

this is a really good phone it has a very loud speaker and it is easy to use i love the apps and i don't ever want to leave it!!!:)

Im very glad with the product and it was at time that I was especting it. It was in a very good quality.

It's certainly not an Android or an Iphone, but it's absolutely amazing for the price.  I broke my Galaxy S3 and purchased this a temporary phone.  I haven't missed out on anything.  I still use facebook, instagram, the internet, email, etc.  There is a long list of apps that just aren't available on Windows phones, so I will still be upgrading to an Android.  However, this is a great back up phone, and considering the price, I'm extremely satisfied.

Yes it may not have the fancy android features and apps but yes even with the 4,0 inch small screen the phone is great value for money.For anyone who is not looking for too much from the phone and is not keen on android then it is a pretty decent phone.&#8226;Fairly decent windows 8 OS with  inch WVGA LCD display&#8226;Great 5MP Camera - takes good pictures&#8226;Dual Core (1GHz) Processor&#8226;Yes you can Listen to your favorite songs with Nokia MusicI recommend this phone.

perfect cell for me, easy to handle, not too much tech.just perfect for someone not so cell phone savvylove it

I've put off upgrading our family plan to smartphones for years because the prices were too high.  Either pay big bucks up front or pay an inflated monthly rate to offset the cost of the phone.  When T-Mobile introduced fixed bring-your-own-phone pricing I started hunting for an inexpensive Android phone but couldn't find a decent phone for under $300.  I knew from experience with my work phone that a cheap Android phone meant an undersized processor, last-gen OS, and endless frustration.  So I took a risk on the Lumia 521.  The app selection is pretty weak, but the basic features of the phone meet my needs.  Basic browser, maps, email/text, all at 4G speeds.  The processor seems to have plenty of oomph to keep things running smoothly.In the future I might pony up a few extra dollars for a nicer phone.  The plastic case on the Lumia's kind of flimsy, and the camera could use some work.  But at this price point I can break three of these phones and still be better off than if I'd bought a last-gen Samsung Galaxy.  Until I graduate to smartphone power user, the Lumia seems to be the best bang for the buck.

Yes, I'm cheap. Yes, I use cheap phones for myself, and I attempted to keep my kids using cheap phones for as long as I could. When the day came that my daughter complained that she was the only kid on the block that didn't have a smart phone, well, I just had to do something. This girl sends something like 5,000 text messages a month. Yeah. I checked. I couldn't believe it either, but it was true. Thankfully, unlimited text messaging was cheap. I'm not using a data plan, so it's good to know that you can use this phone like any other cheap phone. Yeah, I know, some day she'll want a data plan. Maybe she'll  have a job by then and can pay for that herself. Or not.

LOve it! worth every penny! better than my old phone i bought for 600!! Ive had it for a couple of days and i am very satisfied!

First off I'll say I was skeptical about a Windows phone, but for $80 I couldn't pass it up. I can't afford an iPhone contract, and had a very negative experience with Android.But this may be the best phone I've ever owned despite the low pricePositives:Long battery lifeStability (after a couple initial app crashes)Integration with MS productsCameraIntegrated hotspot (important for me)Negatives:Apps and app store. A wasteland compared to Apple or Google.  Don't get a Windows phone if you want to game, or even just a variety of apps in general.So get this phone if you want a great phone. If you want the full mobile app experience, get this phone and tether an iPad to it

I really love my new phone but it was locked so it was the only disappointment but love it!!!!!!!! Thanks

This is a basic phone. However, two years ago, something like this probably would have cost $500 to $600. Overall I'm pretty satisfied with it, especially for the price. The speaker is better than my old phone and voice recognition seems to work well. The screen is fine, but not the newer super duper never break never get fingerprint screens. My main complaint is the maps. It got exists wrong. What I mean is, the directions would say something like "take exit to XXX street" where the actual exit would say something else, like "Highway YY." This could get confusing. It's especially strange since Bing Maps on the web show the directions correctly. Also, in the navigation app, I could not find a way to view the route that it calculated or suggest alternate routes. This is a major drawback as I usually like to look at the direction list when I start the navigation, and sometimes whiles stopped someplace so I can keep track of where I am. Because of this, I downloaded the MapQuest app which seems to work much better.

This phone runs great with the Windows Phone 8 OS despite the budget hardware powering it. Fewer apps than iOS or android but more built in features than what I ever had with an android device. Love the Family room feature especially for syncing notes and lists without a separate app. If you are looking at a getting an off contract windows this is definitely it unless you need the better camera on the 925.

All though it has very good features, It turns itself on and off without even being touched. Would not recommend this phone.

This review is on the Nokia Lumia 521 (T-Mobile) phone.  I would give the phone itself 4 stars and the T-mobile service that it is connected to negative 5 stars.  I totally regret having bought a T-mobile phone.  Their customer service is the worst I have ever seen, and in this day and age that says a lot. I have had nothing but hassles and frustration from T-mobile.  They keep turning my phone service off, at the worst possible times, for no good reason, and with no warning.  Getting them to turn the service back on is a nightmare.  What makes it worse is that they do not appear to have any intention to try to resolve the problems with their service.  They seem to be quite content with making their customers go through hassles and frustration every single month just to keep a phone line going.  I have made literally dozens of calls trying to find someone at T-mobile who would help me, with no success at all.  There does not appear to be a way to avoid or to fix the problems with T-mobile's service. As much as I dislike the (apparently unfixable) problems with T-mobile's service, I hate T-mobile's attitude about it even more.  If you like to be aggravated on a continuous basis, then I would recommend buying a T-mobile phone like this one.

I bought this for my kids but it doesnt have google play so the apps pretty much suck other then that its a great phone. You have to pay for more features but im a galaxy note 2 kinda gal

I got the phone 3 weeks ago.  I still like it, no complain at all.  The user interface is just like windows 8 on my laptop.  Money well spent!

Feel great in the hand and it is just simple and easy to use the Windows Phone OS.  This great device works great as a phone as well with clear voice and strong Signal.  I wish it had a front facing camera!

Phones arrived in good condition with no problems at all. Activation was a simple process, I expected some headaches but everything was okay.

I had bought a used/new phone and it worked well. I did have some questions and when i emailed the seller he was very helpful, very patient, and not rude at all. I gave the phone away as a gift and the person who has it now loves it!. and wouldn't trade it for any other phone. Although my family member has the phone and completely dislikes it, its all up to the way you like your phones. its much different from Samsung and a lot of people confuse that. I personaly think its a good phone, has good qualities, and was sold for a good price.

daughter loves the phone.  Ordered due to the inexpensive price and ability to look like a smart phone, but not be a smart phone. We ordered this phone because our 15 year old didn't need internet access, but wanted a nicer phone.

I bought this as a gift for my husband who is not the most tech savvy person.  He still has some learning to do but has figured out 90% of the functions.  This phone takes amazing pictures and videos.  We have only had it for a few weeks but it has replaced taking the camera everywhere.

I am not a big fan of the Andriod phone, thought its fragile :)This one has exceeded my expectations.

Update: If the price hadn't dropped to $70 or so, I'd be taking away a star today.The longer I use it, the more things I find that are annoying. The Music player is awkward and tends to play things unexpectedly. In some modes, the device will be playing a song and there's no "pause" button in evidence, just a "play" button that doesn't magically stop playing anything. The user interfaces are generally not well organized.Check lists in some apps are more difficult to use than in others. It should be a standard window widget, I have no idea why it's harder to get the checks to appear in some apps than others.Apps remain thin and the apps that do exist are so-so.There's not enough main memory in the device and/or memory is badly managed. I have a 32GB SD card in it with over 15GB free but I can't get the maps to go to the SD card, they are stuck in internal phone memory. It's awaiting  a Windows update but I don't have enough free space in the internal phone memory to run the update, so I must delete the maps to make room for the update. Yes, similarly, you can't readily load the update to the SD card and run it from there. Why fight it? I'll just delete the maps and download them again after the update is finished.It does do hotspotting fairly well, although it seems to switch itself off when it thinks you're done using the hotspot feature and that can be annoying but I'll just accept that it prevents me running up a data bill and pretend I like the behavior. It's somewhat awkward to control these things, too.I switched to a new PC with Windows 8 and it allegedly has Windows Phone support but it seems you must go to the web and get the Windows Phone App or you're left managing the phone basically as a memory device. Microsoft's message, that the Phone support is built-in, is confusing.The Internet Explorer on the phone is not a good implementation of a web browser. I have difficulty with, oh, 25% of the sites I attempt to use. I had trouble entering flight dates on Travelocity, for example.I still have an iPod Touch, the one released in '10, and I prefer it for almost all apps and activities.However, having logged in and seen that the price has fallen to $70 or so, I'm not going to take away a star. For that price, it's a decent phone and, if you don't like the way it works, get an old iPod touch and use it via the 521 hotspot to get things done.The camera remains the one unadulterated bright spot. It does take a good picture.Original Review:I've been using it for two weeks.It's a full featured smartphone at a great price (I got mine from T-Mobile at $149 plus tax). The camera is excellent at this price. The performance on apps is good and it seems to be just as good as my old phone at pulling in signals. It works fine as a hotspot (one of my reasons for purchase).There's a Windows Phone app for the PC that handles the basics of the phone nicely (it's easy to copy iTunes music playlists to the phone and it's easy to move photos back and forth). Sound quality in music mode is good.I like the live tiles idea, it's used in some of the apps I use and is a benefit.The Windows interface is generally easy to use.The navigation apps ("Here", "Drive", "Transit") are very good (seems like lightning-fast GPS acquisition). I think they could integrate between each other a bit better and I'd like the option of explicitly shutting the GPS off (maybe it can be but I haven't figured out how). The map screens are great, especially the night one. (9/25 - It would be helpful if maps could be stored on the extended memory chip - it does not seem to have an option for this. To run the Amber update, I had to delete the maps to get enough space for the update.)I like the Wi-Fi calling feature I get on T-Mobile because there are a couple places I go regularly where service isn't good but I can still make and take calls over Wi-Fi. The phone app does occasionally get confused when switching from wi-fi to 2/3/4G calling. (9/25 - Amber update didn't fix this, however, the convenience of Wi-Fi "service" means that I don't mind if it occasionally gets confused)It also receives FM broadcasts (as of the Amber update I applied on 8/28).It has a user-replaceable battery (I wish my iDevices did). (9/25 - there's a higher-capacity battery available, I'm ordering it).Still, there are some things to consider.The Windows app store is thin (but improving as of 8/29).My Yahoo! contacts integrate nicely with my iPod Touch (my former "smartphone", as it had Skype and Pinger) but not at all with the Lumia. There is a two-stage transfer process that I haven't worked through yet. Syncing would be a far better solution.The music player is not as friendly as an iPod. I can play a playlist, artist or album but it's awkward to interrupt it and move on to something else. Music playback quality, however, is good (8/29 - I'm getting used to it).I didn't pay for a data plan upgrade, so I'm limited to 500MB of unthrottled access. Using Wi-Fi is mostly seamless but switching from a "Wi-Fi preferred" to "Yeah, go ahead use my 4G allocation now for phone apps" to "Go for it, let's hotspot") involves juggling a couple of different screens. I might end up paying an extra $10/month for the 2GB service that puts this concern to rest. I'm getting through a month on less than 100MB, so maybe I should worry less about this but I am a cheapskate on phone charge. What would really help would be the ability to select telecomm modes from the home screen or a single applet.There's some sort of X-Box games tie-in in the music player... not of interest to me at all, so it's annoying.Battery life is not great. However, it uses a standard Micro-USB cable to charge, so it's easy get extra USB AC or car power adapters, extra Micro-USB cables and plug it in everywhere you go.I had to set up a link to my Yahoo! mail (mail works, as noted contacts don't) but I've declined the Microsoft ID and the Nokia ID, so far. All in all, it seems like managing IDs starts to become awkward. It's true that the iPod wasn't much better but at least it only prompts for an iTunes ID, and not separate for hardware and software (and, maybe, games and music, I haven't explored all the possibilities and I don't particularly want to).Overall, it's hard to beat at the price and, except for contacts, the device does pretty much everything I need. I'd buy it again but I hope future upgrades will iron out a few things.

Being different is neither good nor bad, just different.  I haven't figured out most of the features yet, and probably never will.  I wanted a phone, which I got.  Setting options are ring + vibrate, vibrate, or off.  Hmmmm . . . am I the only one missing the &#34;meeting&#34; feature on my original cell phone 14 years ago?  (I could tell it to vibrate or to make no noise as of, say noon, for x number of hours.)  Meeting was a great feature because my phone remained on and I didn't forget to turn it back on later.T-Mobile transferred my stored data.  Sort of.  Their first attempt only copied a fraction of my data.  The 2nd attempt seems to have moved all data, but it isn't exactly correct. Not all phone numbers stuck to the correct name and some mobile numbers are now landlines, etc.  Kinda weird.  I bought this 2 months ago and am still double checking who I'm calling and which phone number it really is.I have taken some pics & videos.  They look fine, but please note that I am neither a photographer nor an artist!  I haven't figured out how to get them off my phone yet.One weird &#34;feature&#34; is that the speaker is on the back of the phone.  Huh?  What purpose does that serve?  My mouth doesn't wrap around to the back of the phone!  This makes my public conversations even more public.  When I set my phone down, then I have to put it face down for the speaker to work best, but when my phone is face down in my lap (i.e.: on speaker while driving), the touch screen phone has a tendency to dial other numbers, put me on mute, turn off the speaker, etc.  So, I'm neither a huge fan of the touch screen nor of the speaker on the back.The phone takes too long to turn back on after it was turned off.I haven't figured out any way to customize various volumes, such as ring tone, reminder (calendar alerts), key stroke volume, earpiece volume, and speaker volume.  I'd prefer that the alarm set to wake me up be really loud, but I don't need the keystroke volume to be equally loud, for example.  (This could be operator error, but teenage helpers haven't resolved this issue for me, either.)One irritating thing about the call history is that it omits information.  It does not include ahistory of all incoming calls.  It omits some, but not all &#34;unknown&#34; phone numbers as well as numbers of people who leave voicemail, and it omits some phone numbers of people who not already in my contacts.  That's just weird . . . and sometimes irritating.I sent a copious quantity of texts.  I like that this phone learns my typical vocabulary, jargon, & writing style quickly.  Based on what I write, it anticipates the subsequent words well.  For example, I text the phrase &#34;scrip envelopes&#34; and my address frequently.  When I type &#34;scrip&#34; it anticipates that &#34;envelopes&#34; will follow.  It does the same thing with my address and names that I frequently text.  Kinda creepy, but mighty handy feature.  I like this one.  Also, it does not spell correct with the horrendous, vulgar, and embarrassing corrections that I've seen come from IPhone users.  (This I count as a *huge* plus!)A teenager found the settings to make my phone use wi-fi, so I should now be able to get pics off.  She plans to teach me how to do that as a Christmas gift, which I consider a good gift!I still haven't figured out how to sync my phone with my computer, but anticipate doing so in the future.I do want to use office software -- mainly excel -- but haven't figured out how to use it.  Also, unless I can figure out how to sync my phone so spreadsheets can be printed, I'm not interested in this feature.FYI: I haven't used the following features:haven't been online. period.creative studiodata sensegameshere drive betainternet explorervideosnokia musicoffice (I'd like to use this, but haven't figured out how!)one notepanorama picphototbeamerstoret-mobile tvwalletweatherwi-fi callingWell, this has been long, but will hopefully help someone else with their agonizing phone purchasing concerns.  Good luck!

Easy to use especially since it is Windows 8 based. Since my computer is Win8 it made learning the Nokia much easier. I love it!

It is very user friendly.  I like it's sleek style and lightweight.  It is a good for a basic phone with a good price.

I love this phone.  Have had it for over a month now.  Got it on HSN for 79.99!  Included a soft silicone like blue case, car charger and AC adaptor. Phone has never frozen and I love the live tiles. Very intuitive (for me) and easy to use.  Still learning all the features.  Internet browsing is a breeze.  Love the layout of the phone.  Yes, it does not have as many apps as Apple or Android, but that does not bother me.  Used to have the T-mobile 30.00 a month plan (1500 talk/text and a pathetic 30 Mb of data). Use this phone so much now that I updated my plan to the 50.00 a month unlimited everything.  For the price and features of this high quality phone...I am a very happy customer.  Thanks Nokia (and Amazon for letting me write this review even though I did not buy it here)!

It's really good phone, which is easy to use and have fun with.Will recommend it to everyone. Thank you

This phone is great. I love the camera on this phone. It works great. The phone is not too big and is light. I love this phone.

Bought this phone for my wife and so far she is 100% satisfied. considering getting one for myself! Would Recommend.

This no doubt is a great phone for the price. It's easy to setup (including your personal & office emails), has a good camera and wifi calling features.

The phone itself isnt too bad but it started to reboot constantly a week after the return policy was up. Due to the snow storms in my area I haven't been outside so I know it didn't drop or get water damage. When i finally got a chance to take it to someone thinking it was the battery they informed me that it was the phone itself and that I should return it which of course I'm unable to.

This is a great phone for the money. It has all the bells and whistles of the more expensive smart phones without the cost. We have since bought one for our son and my husband is getting ready to purchase one as well.

This phone is really nice for the price.  This is my first Windows phone and the fact I didn't have to mortgage my house to buy it was the first plus.  The phone does everything you need plus.  It feels good in your hand, takes great pictures, and is pretty fast.  I would recommend this phone to anyone who likes their money and wants quality.

I recently received this phone and I have to say that I am pretty impressed so far. It seems to have a pretty good antenna because the signal quality is a lot better than my LG Optimus L9 on the T-Mobile network which makes a difference when you live in a place where it is difficult to get a signal. One thing that really stands out to me and which I like a lot is the Windows 8 OS on the phone, it is well thought out especially Internet Explorer, I like how the address bar is on the bottom and not the top.  As a web and mobile designer I can really appreciate it.  Microsoft was always seemingly behind the curve with their web browsers and they can be a real pain to develop for as you have to do all sorts of hacks at times in order to get websites to render correctly, but not so with the mobile version of their browser, I think they really thought this one through and so far I like it better than mobile Safari and mobile Chrome. Overall a really nice phone and you will be hard pressed to beat the price. My iPhone 5 costs $649 and if I didn't need it for work and I just needed a single phone for personal use, I would probably just go with the Nokia Lumina 521. Hope that this helps someone out there who is trying to decide.

I'll just do a short Pro and Con list here as someone else has done, but overall I'll say first that this would be a good choice as a first smart phone for teens, people who don't want a complex super-feature phone, or older folks looking for something easy to use that won't break the bank like an iPhone.Pro List:1)  Solid build overall - feels solid for the price.2)  If you're in a good reception zone, good call quality.3)  Win 8 OS is fairly easy to figure out, and online tutorials are easy to find.4)  Major apps available for Win 8 OS now, secondary apps (eventually).5)  Rear camera takes *decent* photos (but no flash).6)  Slightly above average battery life.7)  Affordable, and a good value for this price range overall.8)  Screen/phone good size for "pocketability" - not too huge.Con List:1)  The power/standby button is VERY poorly placed about halfway down the right side of the phone - where you want to grip it, causing fairly frequent accidental pushes and therefore causing you to have to push the button again to come back out of standby mode.2)  No front facing camera (sorry, no Skype video calls).3)  Dedicated camera button on phone does not work (Dead on my phone - not sure how common this is).  As a workaround, you can touch the screen to focus and snap the shot but it's more awkward and time consuming than the button would have been.I won't comment about the T-Mobile service in a con way though some complain about it.  They do have less coverage than the other major carriers but are supposedly bolstering it with new towers all of the time.  In my particular area of metro Atlanta we can get very strong signals from Verizon, AT&T; and most of the time from Sprint.  T-Mobile's signal can be "iffy" and indoors I find it slipping back into a 2G speed mode.  This is not the fault of the phone, hence again, why it's not on the con list.  Just be aware that T-Mobile service can be excellent in some areas, but somewhat poor in areas where the others are still good.  Test the phone reception thoroughly when you get it in your area, home, out and about, etc.If half stars were available I'd give the phone a 3.5 instead of a 3, but the misplacement of the power button irritates me enough from a design perspective and daily use perspective that I have to knock points off more for that, along with the other cons.  Even so, there ARE much worse phones out there, and this could still be a good, basic, smart phone for those who can work around the quirks.  Alternative:  The LG L9 (Android) is a T-Mobile phone that Best Buy and Amazon regularly put on sale from $179 to $199, and it's a much more feature rich mid-range phone than the Nokia 521.  If you can handle the Android OS and don't insist on Win 8, then the LG might be worth looking into for only a few dollars more.

...I'd love for somebody to shine a light on it, because it must exist in some dark corner somewhere. The 520/521 is frequently pitched as a first or backup smartphone, but I'm pretty sure those words are coming from the carriers themselves who don't want you to realize that this device is as good for your day to day needs as anything you can buy for 5x the price. Its specs might not look like anything to write home about, but Windows Phone is as frugal as any modern OS I've ever seen; you'd need 4x the computational power to get Android to move its butt as quickly as WP8 moves on this entry level device.

The design of lumia is good, wp8 is simple and I like it. I only need to buy prepaid cards from T-mobile.

Awesome phone does everything that I need it to do. Great price and definitely recommend this phone.Good first phone to have as a prepaid.

Order this as a replacement phone for T-Mobile. It is a locked phone, but T-Mobile will unlock after 6 month.  This is a good solid phone if you do not want an iPhone.  Easy to use, large viewing touch pad, free music and it is very intuitive.Have bought more expensive phones that was not this nice.

Cute looking, works well, only one small problem, which I should have considered before.. shucks! At my age I could do with a bigger screen. Great for the kids!

The phone and Microsoft Windows phone version are great.  The GPS function (HERE) is better than my old Garmin.  I can find every App I need.  Great product for the money I paid.

very good phone for the money its t-mobile but i used 2 different pre-paid sim cards in it just to see if it would worked and it did.

One HELL OF A PHONE FOR THE PRICE!! I AM AMAZED OOF THE GQALITY FOR SUCH A LOW PRICE!!! THE VETTEMAN LOVES HIS NORKIA 521......

This is a nice product just that it was not decoded so I couldn't use it when I travelled to Africa. I called t-mobile to decode it, but they refused to do that.

Great phone, does just what it says,I have never had a phone with internet before. Easy to use would recommend this to anyone.

Nokia phones are famous for being tough as nails and this phone is no exception! I work on a farm, so I didn't want anything too expensive and I needed something that would hold up. I dropped my Nokia Lumia 521 in a bucket of water and it still works perfectly. (I was at work, so it didn't make into a bag of rice for three more hours! And it was still fine!)I listen to music for four hours every morning while I clean the barn and use it for basic texting, facebook and calling for the rest of the day. The battery lasts about two days with this use. I usually charge it every night, but if I don't, it still lasts until the next evening.I wouldn't suggest this phone if you love taking high quality pictures. There is no zoom but it works well enough.I would suggest getting a case for it, as the phone is so sleek you always feel like you're going to drop it. I have a TECH21 case and it's perfect.

Arrived next day unexpectedly fast.  Easy setup and configuration.  Cannot say enough about this phone.  Full of features, the only thing lacking is the front facing camera which I would probably never use anyway.

While my wife and daughter are using iPhones, I had been refusing spending $300~$600+ for a phone as I am not a heavy cell phone user, until last week I found this Nokia 521 deal was too hard to pass. For $69, this clearly is the best smart phone deal out there and I found it is more than I need for a smart phone (in a good way)! As I am not a gamer, I only use the phone for phone calls, text messaging, checking emails and browsing the web while not near my PC, and taking casual photos while my camera is not around. Here are the features I really like about this phone that other smart phones may or may not have:1. Pretty fast Snapdragon processor.2. Windows Phone 8 OS is easy to learn and operate.3. Replaceable battery....not too many newer phones has that nowadays.4. SD card slot for additional storage....again, not too many newer phones has that.5. SkyDrive for even more storage....free 7G space.6. Optional Voice-texting....don't need to use the tiny keyboard on screen if you don't want to.7. I especially like this feature: I can put all of my favorite contact person's names/pictures on "Start Page" as "small tiles" and they would work as a speed-dial short-cut for phone calls/texting.....I don't need to look for the person in a phonebook that can be frustrating sometimes.....good for people who has poor eyesight.8. "HERE" drive and maps can work as offline GPS....I have not tried them as yet.9. Like an iPhone, I can hand-write (as an input method) Chinese with emails, etc.10. There are many other features that I probably won't be using too often and you may have read in other reviews.In general, I don't really think there is any phone (new or used) has such value on the market today....it doesn't have the built-quality as an iPhone but, it is also 8~10 times less expensive too! The only downside for me is that it's locked with T-Mobile only and I'm not sure T-Mobile will unlock this phone or not in the future. I think most people, who are not heavy phone users like me, would be very pleased with 521!**************************************Update: After another week of using the phone, I still feel the same about 521......I think Windows Phone 8 OS really has plenty of features that most people would be very pleased with it. Sometimes, I feel it may give me too much information than I really need.....like, once I setup my Facebook account with the phone, I will automatically receive all the Facebook updates & feeds on the phone that sometimes may just be a little too much info for me on a phone. Also, sometimes when I delete emails (Verizon.net) on the phone, they would automatically be deleted from my Verizon email server also.....so, I may not be able to view the emails on my other PC if it is turned on after the emails are deleted from the phone first. It happens sometimes but not always.....I really could not figure out why because the phone email setup does not have an option for something like "leave an email copy on the server" to check.... Guess I just have to be careful about deleting emails on the phone.Other than these new minor findings, I still feel the phone is the best value on the market!

I bought this as a gift to my kid who was not happy at the first because of the price and thought got a cheap stuff, and then no complaints at all only after playing it for a while because found out this phone got all the whistle and bells that are necessary for a smart phone, it can be used as practically any modern gadget.  I found only issue it might have is the windows system, there not much apps available for it currently, unlike Android phone, there are tons of apps on Google play and many other sites.  You would need a window 8 machine if you are able to develop some apps for yourself.  All such phone devices collect finger prints and more, unless one does not want a screen protector, this is not really an issue.

It is a really nice phone. I did not get the chance to use it because I have a standard sim card and this one uses a mini sim. I went with the reviews and bought it. I hate I had to return it as it is almost what I wanted (I am not so sure about phones with touch screen function buttons as that is why I needed a new phone.)Overall, i would have kept it if my sim card was compatible...

Once T-Mobile introduced the all inclusive (talk, text, web) for $50 a month with no contract, I knew it was time to buy a new phone and replace my "known memory issues" phone, theSamsung Gravity Smart Android Phone, Sapphire Blue (T-Mobile).  My first cell phone ever (in 2004) was a Nokia no frills model.  That would be followed by 3 Samsung models (2 flip phones that were very good and a smart phone that was utter junk).  Based on how poor the Samsung product was I was using, I looked away from Samsung and decided to give Nokia a chance again - and this time with Windows 8.  I must admit, I had little clue what the major differences would entail.Opening the Box and Basic Start-up:Out of the box and initial setup was a 1-star event.  The back cover is as tight (or tighter) than a spaceship cover.  I had to actually take it to a T-Mobile store and have them remove the back (which they did easily).  Next up, the battery.  Inserting it was no issue, but getting it out?  To this day, that requires a paper clip!  Even a veteran Smartphone user at work couldn't get it out.  Why did I need to get it out you ask?  After charging it, I needed to insert my SIM card from my old phone.The SIM Card:The SIM card slot is underneath the battery and smaller than the one I was using from a phone about 3 years old.  TIP: The T-Mobile rep had a device that could cut the old SIM card to fit the new phone (while also allowing you to switch it back to your old phone if the new one failed).  This is important if your cell phone is your only means of communication (nice to have a backup option).  Otherwise, you would need to activate the new SIM card which comes with the phone and that renders the old SIM card worthless.Contacts Import:Another fail. The "oh so easy" process to import did not work.  A 45 minute call with T-Mobile and a 30 minute chat with Windows Support and eventually we got lucky.  Unfortunately, it created 2 Outlook profiles and now one had to be deleted.  Because it's a Windows phone, my guess is it wanted me to create an Outlook account, vs. using my GMAIL account.  I did that, then we had to send the contacts CSV file from GMAIL to Outlook.  Then the phone could not import the CSV file and already was advising me to download an App for that!  Enough already!  There was not apparent option to download from My T-Mobile account to the phone.  To which I ask why?  Seems like someone missed a step.Using the Windows Phone Platform - The Early Days:This is no Android phone! If you have never used Windows 8, let alone on a phone, there is a huge learning curve.  Be prepared - if you're not a fighter, you may give up (especially if you're still battling inserting the battery, SIM or importing your contacts).Windows Phone - A Few Weeks Along:It gets better! Once you realize sliding to the left reveals an alphabetical list of applications and options, you'll start to breathe again. It's a Windows Phone, not an iPhone, not an Android.  All 3 platforms have their own quirks, challenges and successes.The Phone and Apps:The keyword is "tiles".  As a Windows phone, it's got a 1 touch button to search Bing!  I use it, I like it.  Of course it has a tile for Internet Explorer, Messaging, your default email (be that Yahoo!, GMAIL or Outlook) and you can add tiles for other email accounts.  Tiles for the Navigation App (Driving) - which is 1,000 times better than whatever was on my Samsung Android.  Many apps are Nokia designed exclusive for the Windows 8 phone, and I like them all (but it takes time to understand and learn some of them, like the music app).  It comes with a phone version of Office (have not used it yet), but no way to open a CSV file (commonly opened with Excel).  Are there less app's for Windows Phone?  Yes, which is also why these phones are still a great value.  Nokia offers several apps titled HERE! and all I have used performed well.Typing or Speaking?Of course it has word prediction technology.  What it doesn't have is memory to remember that you regularly type a word not in its dictionary!  Here the Android beats the Windows phone, as it remembered funny words or names you used often.  It has voice recognition so you can speak your messages - my Android did too, but the Windows Phone is better.  However, within certain apps, the voice option does not appear, which is annoying if you want to speak vs. type your message.Best 2 Pro's:1. I actually have come to like the smooth Windows 8 tile interface. Very receptive to touch!2. Great connectivity - no dropped calls nor failed messages sent (a constant issue with my Samsung Android on the same T-Mobile network). Proof it was the phone, not the network.Worst 2 Con's:1. As other reviewers I have seen mentioned, the phone shuts off / restarts way too often.  Press the button to take a photo, and bam, your phone restarts.  I have read this will be resolved when Windows 8.1 for T-Mobile phones is released, in July 2014 they estimate.2. No flash! Really? My "free" (with contract) Samsung Gravity Smart acquired years ago had a flash!  And flash is available on every other Nokia Lumia phone!  Aaargh - the one cheap design flaw.The Final Verdict:I like my Windows 8 phone, and would recommend it - even buy it again! It truly beats my Samsung Android in almost every aspect.  If the upper tier models were more reasonably priced, I would definitely consider the upgrade for more storage of apps and the camera with flash option.  If you desire iPhone quality photos and video, you won't get it in a $70 to $90 Nokia Lumia, which is justified.  If you are app addicted, you'll need to stick with another platform until Windows Phones become more popular.  If you have had enough of over-priced phones, Android or iPhone living, or you're looking for a fresh, sweet phone with lots of features for an unbeatable price, try the Lumia 521 (but expect a learning curve and some early on challenges).  Give it time!

I've had the phone for over a week now.  It's been great so far for the price I paid ($117).  I'm using it under T-Mobiles pay as you go plan.  I'm usually within range of a wifi signal, so I did not want to pay for a monthly plan.  I added a 32 MB micro SD card and I'm able to put all my pictures and music on my phone.  Off line GPS is great.  Learning to use a Windows Phone was easy.  The operating systems is very intuitive.  Also, I'm able to find the apps that I need.  The camera took fairly good pictures.  Can't believe how well this phone compares to my wife's expensive iPhone.

You won't find a better device for the money. It has 75% of the features you'll have in the highest end phones at 25% of the cost.

For the price, the hardware is really good. Windows Phone takes some adjusting to, once you become familiar with the paradigm it has a number of nice features and advantages. The Live Tiles can be really useful for putting information right on the home screen.If you primarily use a phone as a phone, and don't have to game or have the latest most amazing features, this is a good phone. But don't expect it to be iPhone, or Android, its just different.

I'm still learning my way around the phone, but I think I'll like using it.

I loved this phone when I first got it. The interface, the design, the features. Just a great phone for a great price, or so I thought.It began to act glitchy the first month. I thought it was a fluke, so I did a factory reset and it seemed to behave fine again. Until I took it to Central America. Nokia's are known as global phones, so I figured I'd have no problem using this phone abroad. Wrong.When I got south of the Equator, things went haywire. The phone would not detect networks, and would not connect when they were detected. It would power off and on randomly, sometimes several times in a minute. The time and date were constantly being reset incorrectly, even when I manually input the time and date. The battery would not hold a charge. Wifi calling was a nightmare--sometimes it worked, sometimes it didn't. I'd be able to get and receive messages...sometimes...with the wrong time and date stamp. It was just acting...bonkers. The phone did not work correctly for the duration of my trip. I spent hours fooling with the SIM and battery and googling troubleshooting steps. Nothing helped.So I made several attempts to troubleshoot/repair the phone...and this is where Nokia loses major points with me...although the phone was well under warrantly, Nokia jerked me around for a month before accepting the phone for repair, only to advise me that the humidity in CA must have tripped the moisture strip behind the battery and therefore voided my warranty. Groan. Prior to that, Nokia repeatedly told me to return to the retailer or the carrier. Neither of those companies REPAIR phones, though, and once you're out of the 30-day return period, well then you're just out of luck.So now I'm stuck with a phone that's DOA and no hope of ever seeing my $150 back. Very disappointed.

This is a great phone. The price makes it OUTSTANDING! I would recommend this phone to anyone on the TMobile system.
