
even better than i thought , has more options  & larger screen  then i expected.  fits perfectly in my hand

These are excellent phones for a non smart phone.  They are very user friendly with a lot of nice features.  If you do not need a smart phone & want to save money (a lot of money!), Tracfone is a great service, especially if you use one of the prepaid monthly plans such a the Family Plan.

Like someone else already said it is not an I phone. The screen is much too sensitive. I have it set so it can be answered by pushing the Send key but it seems that it also answers by just pulling it out of my purse. There is so much glare on the screen when it is light outside that you can not see what you are doing. I guess I will have to get a real IPhone some day.

I ordered my phone Thursday night after work around 12:30 am.I received my phone Saturday before noon.It charged quickly and was ready to use by 1:00 pm.I used my old Tracphone to call and transfer everything over.It was very easy and only took about 20 minutes to transfer everything from my old phone over to my new phone.It's a really nice phone and so far I really like it.I just have to get used to a smartphone.

I purchased this phone as a back up phone. It's not a smart phone so don't expect it to outperform a Galaxy or iPhone, but it does everything that a smart phone does without the hassle. This phone doesn't freeze up or drop a call like some of my past android phones. The triple minutes is a great bargain and it's also great that this phone holds a charge for a much longer time than any android I've had in the past. The white is a refreshing color choice and I immediately purchased a screen protector and white silicone case to keep it looking brand new. The phone can get online with the wifi feature without burning up the minutes and takes decent photos that can easily be uploaded, texted or emailed. In my opinion, this is a choice of phone that is attractive, highly functional and reasonably priced to purchase and operate. Yes, I would highly recommend it to family and friends.

Easy to use,shipping was excellent,good materiel,and you get 3 times your minutes,I recommend it,met my expectation,the quality of the sound is good.

loved this phone works better than any of my other trac phones would recommend to everyone great phone ! THANKS!!!

I ordered this phone (G840G) to replace my 800g which had problems with the virtual keyboard.  The keyboard in this phone is really great; wider spaced keys (on the android keybd) and much less 'touchy' than the 800g was.  Now it is a pleasure to text again.  I also like the feature to shut off the 'phone lock' if I wish to and I use that a lot; being home most days there is no need for me to have the phone constantly lock up.  Volume on this phone is very good as I have some hearing loss and many phones I've tried I just could not get them loud enough.  The touchscreen is smooth with no glitches and scrolling (as thru contacts) is a breeze with this phone.  One problem I am having is a friend sent me 3 photos I want to save (to my sd card) and when I call up the photo, there is no option to save it that I have found.  Will have to work on that I guess.  My main complaint and the reason for 4 stars is that I cannot use the wifi on this phone.  I have a Netgear router and went to their site to verify my password; but the only way I can connect this phone to my wifi is to choose "WAP" on Netgear's site.  And then, I cannot use my notebook or my tablet, because they are currently under a stronger security setting.  From what I have seen (and might be wrong here), the WAP setting is a very weak security setting and not recommended.  I bought this phone specifically because it had wifi and would save me some minutes when I'm at home, but I cannot connect to it.  Other than the wifi, I think it is a pretty stable phone.UPDATE: 7/30/13 - I felt I had to add one additional feature of this phone (LG840G) at this time and that is the virtual qwerty keyboard is only available while you are texting. It will not come up while searching online or at any other time that I have found (even though I have it set for default).  For me, this was a big disappointment because I've never had a phone that operates like this.  I love the qwerty keyboard and simply cannot stand using the std number keypad.  Bad idea LG; very bad idea for a so-called phone of today.

nice phone, works well and has good reception. I wish tracfone gave a better instructions manual on use of their products though.

I get e-mail that is not intended for me, I lose valuable minutes erasing the unwanted mail.  Someone else must have the same phone number for their tracfone..

Decent enough phone if you don't expect too much.  It's better than a non-smart phone, but it's also not quite what some people might be used to.  It's missing a lot of little things I enjoyed on my droid, but for the price you can't really complain.  But it's really nice looking.  Great battery life as well.  It works for calls, internet, text and that's good enough.  Camera is poor, but I don't really use it much.  Otherwise, no real complaints.  One thing I will complain about is the spam phone calls I get since I signed up for Tracfone.  Nobody knows my number and I have yet to ever give it to anyone, but I get calls all the time from various numbers. I won't blame the phone for that, but something to think about if you decide to go with Tracfone since the phone is unusable if you don't use their service.

I decided to upgrade from a double minute phone to a triple minute phone.  This phone is a lot easier to use than my old cell phone.  This phone has a lot of really nice features.  I like that the volume on this phone is really loud.  I can hear my phone ringing when I have it in my desk at work.  I like that I can change fonts from small to very large.  I have mine set on large.  I use the tip calculator and notepad quite frequently. I like that the phone automatically shuts off after a couple of minutes so that way I don't accidentally dial a phone number and use my minutes.  I have found that I only have to charge phone every couple of days.  I prefer to use my Kindle Fire instead of phone when I want to use wifi or email.  I have found reception to be good when I make and receive calls on phone.

Tracfone phone offers are getting better and better.  This model is a 3G model and offers a much better querty keyboard, loud ring, easier scroll for your stored names and much better camera than even one LG model earlier.  Add to that the triple minute offer and you can't really go wrong.  Don't be fooled, however. it's not a 4g phone.  While the internet and wifi do work, it's not really a practical application that you'd use like the big brothers out there (and at extremely high costs).  It will work. I've pulled up the weather and a few other websites but it's slow and the screen very tiny indeed for that application.  The camera, too, is not as powerful as the much more expensive phones out there.  But that's not why I bought this phone. I bought it because it's a huge step up from the earlier models, is very very inexpensive ($29 here at Amazon) and makes and receives calls perfectly as well as text messages as well as any other.  Any other &#34;feature&#34; is nice but hamstrung in some way.  Would I recommend it?  Sure!  I bought one for my wife and will eventually replace my mother-in-law's earlier Tracfone model, too.  Because of the cost, rest assured as the new phones come onto the market I'll give them a hard look, too.Oh! Btw, dealing with Tracfone to swap over these phone has been nothing but perfect and it literally takes 5 minutes on the phone.  IT has really gotten streamlined since when they first began to offer pre-paid service!

Five Gigantic Stars for the excellent top upgrade model LG 840G Tracfone. You just can't get any better than this! Other "upgrade"models have nothing over this superbly designed device.The quality and the workmanship crafted into this item makes it  hands down, one of the BEST choices for any cell phone shopper with a budget.It features Triple minutes,applications,widgets,and tools for everyday living along with style and durability.The LG 840G Touchscreen Tracfone even offers pay as you go sturdiness that you can rely on!The high grade features on this model make an A+ with versatility,functionality and applicability.This item is making quality standard "thumbs ups" in nearly every area on the buyers market. So if you are shopping for a "I can't believe my tracfone" touchscreen cell phone then look no further.The LG 840G tracfone will rock your world...WITH A MP3 PLAYER!Thats right,this upgrade plays every kind of your favorite music and videos you could ever fill your eyes and ears with..Download with Wi -Fi and Bluetooth on a compact internal 2 GB sdhc micro card  and the possibilities are nearly endless.This phone has it all! It even fits comfortably in your hand. Not to mention great offers and wonderful customer service from our friendly neighborhood Tracfone Customer Service Team.

LOve my little LG840G phone. It was exactly what I neeed. I am still learning how to use it. So much on it. I wish I had a book with it to explain what all and how to do everything it does. Love the white. I didn't even buy a cover for it.

Happy with the phone wanted to upgrade has a few more things than my last phone larger screen and can get apps.

I get complements on this phone- when I tell how much it was-they are shocked. Easy to use. No problems at all. Not a bad camera either.

Battery lasts for days.  Easy to use and read.  Really one of the best phones TracFone has made to date.  Plus triple minutes.  I gave up my Smart / Android Phone with all the gadgets and it needed to be charged every other day.  I am saving so much money is great.  Worth the deal and the price

Cant have games or apps. Lame and kind of stupid to take away minutes for texting. Buy if you want but you wont have fun with it. Just call and text is all you can do.

This is the best phone ever. I love it. Perfect quality. Other should me more stars so that I could rate this with better accuracy. Get it!My rating is 100/5

I have been a tracfone customer for 2 years now.  I just upgraded my LG800G to this model and I'm in love.  It is much easier to use than my last phone.  In fact, my 15 year old carries a tracfone slider and has asked to upgrade her phone to this one too.  I've already ordered hers.Some people say you get what you pay for and yes, the price is cheap.  But I've got to tell you, these cheap phones are worth it.  Tracfone covers all their phones with a 1 year warranty.  My last phone gave me troubles in month 10 of my warranty and I called tracfone to tell them about my problems.  They sent me a new phone a few days later, easy transfer and I mailed back the old phone in a prepaid envelope.  Before I switched to tracfone I had problems with my cell phone and my carrier would not cover it.  I would have had to buy a new phone, pay for a service contract if something happened to it in a year and a new contract for 2 years of cell service.  That was my clue to jump ship.For those who just want to know about the phone features I've got something for you too.  There is a web site that has an interactive tutorial you can walk through covering the features of this phone.  Check it out at [...] .  You won't be disappointed!!I bought my phone on eBay for 104.99.  It came with the phone with triple minutes, 400 minutes plus 365 days of service card and a gift card to restraunts of you choice for 10.00 through tracfone. It was listed at 109.99 but if you put it in cart then buy you save 5.00.  This is a DEAL folks!!  Get 250 bonus minutes with code 70479 when you load your card.  Don't know when this code expires so just google bonus codes when your ready to load your phone.

Activation was fairly easy after getting the SIM card with the number transfer.  If you're looking for a touchscreen phone on the Tracfone line, I recommend this one!  It's no iPhone, but then if you're getting a Tracfone to begin with, you shouldn't be expecting one in the first place.  The triple minutes are an added bonus.

I bought this for my grandson and he loves it.  He wishes it had more features but overall a great buy for a teenager.

This is a tracfone, not an I phone. Having said that, its a nice little phone and completely meets my need.

The phone is an enormous improvement over my old flip phone; about as close to a smart phone as I guess you can get from TracFone. The phone function is excellent- clear and steady. Email can be accessed and read (just be sure you are connected to wi-fi first), and update from the drop down menu. Texting is easy. Voice recorder and camera are also handy. Bought a cable so I can upload photos and voice recordings to computer. Only negative: on-line manual is nearly worthless. Need to use other sources if I can't figure something out. Very good value.

I bought this for a gift to my mom, she needed a new phone. She is still learning how to use it. But I found it very easy to operate

thought that the other description I typed above was for the phone, turns out this is. Well great upgrade. Waiting on a phone put out byTracfone that does 4g

I already had an LG 840 and decided to up grade my Wife's older Tracfone. Triple minutes works for us.

For the price of the phone this phone is great. I like the WIFI feature, its great one doesn&#8217;t waste minutes when using the wifi. The music transferred perfectly. The triple minutes are also a good feature especially if one enrolls in the tracfone monthly plan more minutes for less money.

I was not sure about buying this phone due to other bad reviews, but I'm glad I didn't listen and bought it. I can use wifi and be on the internet on my phone and NOT use any minutes up, what a great benefit! I wish the texting/calls would work the same way but over all this phone is wonderful!

I love this little phone.  Granted it isn't an Android but it is a smart phone.  It works on wifi so I take pics when I'm out and post them when I get home.  The only thing it's missing is a GPS.

Got it for my 12 year old as his first phone. He loves it. Texts pictures and all kids of stuff.

Some of the features don't work - like setting up email through the icon. When using the web not always able to load the site because its too big - even with an SD card

If all you need is a phone with an easy interface, this is a great value.  But currently with Virgin Mobile I get 1,500 minutes of talk time AND text messaging for $30 per month!  That's a much better value than this.  PLUS....this phone is ULTRA sensitive when you need to change screens ... I struggled to keep it on the window I wanted.  Btw, the e-mail feature didn't work.

If you are comfortable with Java programs it is an alternative to a smartphone. The built-in browser does "lock-up" on more complicated web pages;other than that good phone!!!

very good reception, has triple minutes is very nice, my daughter is very pleased with it. Texting very pleased with!!

Good little phone for the money.  If you don't talk on the phone a bunch, it is good to only pay for what you use.  This is not an android phone - it has a java operating system so the apps are useless.  The wifi works in a pinch if you want to check your email on a pinch, but is super slow and takes a lot of getting used to.  Overall a very economical phone that I would buy again.

This was all it said it would be.  No trouble with Tracfone registering it.  Good battery life and reception.  Touch Screen was a bit too sensitive, but is perfect now with a Skinomi screen protector applied.

Really nice phone, folks.  I don't have a single complaint with this one, and I have used other Tracfones.  It's up to date, handy and easy to use.  Triple minutes make this the best deal around.

This little trac phone is exactly what I was looking for as an emergency phone.  This little phone arrived promptly.

Got this for my older daughter to replace a Tracfone LG800.  I admit I had a bit of dread I would not be able to transfer her number/minutes easily, but it worked PERFECTLY via the website in well under an hour.  Not only did that work, but the new phone replaced the old one in our family value plan with no further work on my part!  The new phone gets triple minutes - a wonderful bonus.  Oh, and my daughter is quite pleased with the phone and has had no issues with it at all.  I'm sure sometime between now and Christmas I'll be buying two more for my other daughter and wife.TRIPLE MINUTES TO ALL, AND TO ALL A GOOD PHONE!

Very disappointed in,phone, browser did not workCould not get apps to download internet did not work as I thought it should I wanted the phone to listen to,music using mog but did not work

Nice to use. Only it's Qwerty is too limited. As an example, when adding a contact, you'll be adding a 1st name and can click text, select keypad, receive the QWERTY keypad, enter the name, and save the field. Next, you'll be adding the 2nd name, and you again need to click text, select keypad, to receive the Qwerty keypad... and so on for each field. Repeatedly annoying.

Its a very good phone and it is beauiful for kids who dont need big phones. I LOVE THIS PHONE!

It was so easy to upgrade from my LG800G.  It took a 5 min call to a tracfone rep. to have my phone number AND unused minutes forwarded to my new LG840G phone.  I love the white.  It's secondary on our family value plan, so for $18 ish a month, my husband gets 140 min/mo and I get 120min/mo, which is more than enough.

Im a simple person.  I bought this phone for the free service with safelink.  I love this phone a lot

Great phone for the company.  Major improvement off the 420G that I used to have.  It may cost to do fancy stuff, but at least you can use your phone on public and not feel like a child.

Did not purchase phone from Amazon, purchasing a "deal" with QVC instead at suggestion of an Amazon reviewer. But I want to "give back" by placing my review here.  Have been a Tracfone user for over 10  years without any problems-- as long as you don't have need to contact customer services. However, I have to say that the customer experience for activating this phone was OK.  LG840g is a GSM phone, and I was replacing an eight-year-old CDMA Tracfone with lots of remaining units.  Did not even attempt to activate and transfer via the website.  Took over 1.5 hours with Tracfone customer service (using landline), dozens of entry of codes on new phone, start/restart phone, minor discussion (resolved to my satisfaction) over why all and not just half of my old minutes should be transferred, and I satisfactorily had phone activated with old phone#, and Tracfone service & minutes all transferred.This phone has WiFi capability (surf without burning minutes), built-in browser, email downloads via 3G to phone (or, you can read emails via browser). Touchscreen & swipe sensitivity takes a bit getting used to.  QWERTY keyboard available only for text messaging and for entering URL with built-in browser; all other text entry while browsing uses the clumsy old tap-tap-tap telephone-style dial keypad).  I had no problems downloading a second browser (using built-in browser),Opera Mini 7 (suggest you find the version that is "registered" with virtual keypad eliminated), which does have a pretty nice albeit small QWERTY keyboard for text entry on web.  I also used standard browser to download and install NeoReader (select LG505, no option for LG840 as of this writing) for reading QR codes.  Both applications will end up under "Games & Apps".  I have played with this phone for two weeks, have had no problems connecting to public WiFi at coffeeshops, clinics, library, and large shopping malls.  Takes a while to understand what the 3 "hard keys" at bottom of phone screen are supposed to do (from left to right, they usually mean "SEND", "RETURN", "END" for the current screen's content). Setting up your email accounts to download to phone may take some searching & experimentation, especially with imap Gmail;  Yahoo (free) was relatively simple with the "push on" option.Cell reception, historically poor inside my house, is a bit better with my LG840g, with number of bars fluctuating  from 2 to 4.  Voice quality appears to be as good as my old Tracfone , if not better (persons I've called say the voice quality sounds good to them).  The sim card I received activated on the AT&T; network -- not sure if all Tracfone LG840's will do so.  In areas where AT&T; phones typically get 5-bar signal strength, my LG840g can fluctuate wildly from 3 to 5 but hovering closer to 5-- but I've yet to have trouble with sending/receiving while in these typically 5-bar areas.  Email downloads are pretty fast with 3G.My cell phone is usually turned "off", as it's for emergencies, dialing "out" only, and meeting up with friends & family.  It's easy to burn up minutes so.... I keep email push "off"(I think push "on" allows phone to dial out sporadically to check for new messages) till you want to download emails. Have yet to figure out how Tracfone charges for web browsing and download of data (LG840g may differ from other Tracfone's standard 0.5 cents per minute of connect).  Text messages cost .3 minutes to send or receive, per my own tests.  My fingers are not large, but I have a hard time hitting the correct key on the QWERTY keyboard (a  stylus helps a little).  I keep WiFi turned "off" unless needed, to save battery life, use bookmarks to quickly access favorite websites via browser (when going over 3G).  This is a phone, with its teeny screen,  some web pages do not load properly and can be difficult to read even if they load.  Oh yeah... I'm happy that standard browser allows viewing of  YouTube videos -- though viewing are is really tiny, tiny.  My only "complaint" so far is that the talk time on my old phone was days and stand-by was weeks and this phone is rated about 3.5  talk time and 10 hours standby.  On the other hand, since I keep this phone stays "off" a lot of the time, why should I be complaining?Overall, the LG80g has been a fun upgrade over the old Tracfone candybar Nokia.  Hope it lasts as long.Phone is a bit slippery to hold, so I bought one of those jelly skins for LG840g from an Amazon vendor for around 2 bucks, shipping included-- works great, all openings exactly where they should be, and on/off button is easier to use.

I like the phone very much.  There is still much to learn and it comes intuitively.  There were very few instructions coming with the phone and I had to go to the internet and download an instruction manual containing some 80 pages.  It is much better than the candy bar type phones.  The camera is fun to use and it has pretty good quality.  I don't believe it is 100 per cent intelligent but comes pretty close.  Tracphone is also very good and we have used that service for years and one doesn't have to pay through the nose for a 2 year contract.  Bluetooth also matchs with our new Rav4 2013 and that is a plus.From time to time I intend to make further comments as I learn more about the phone.  I highly recommend this phone.regards  Bob H.

Love the phone!! Half the price as stores here in Dallas Tx. The phone is my 12/13 year old son. He is so excited about his phone he is downloading songs to it etc. 5 stars for us.

I love the fact that the screen is bigger and a touch phone..So easy to use and see everything..Many features..

What more do you need besides what this amazing little phone can do?  I love it.  It's beautiful and looks just like an expensive phone.

Great deal if you also have a land line and internet, and don't need unlimited minutes/data. Easy to use, clear screen.

Bought 2 (1 white & 1 black). Had the LG 800 briefly and we are real happy with the change. Worth every penny. We've discontinued our contract  phones used only for calls. Now we can text plus call Europe at no increase  (appears to be a savings) in costs. Haven't tried any APPS yet.

NO LIE;  I LOVE MY LG840g TRACFONE Here.  Yea;  I Have This WHITE VERSIONand I Found Those Hybrid Tuff Hard Case To Wrap My White Fone With In IT and Matched UpMy Camo CASE To Carry It ALTOGETHER;  One Wrapped Inside The Other and THEY ALLMATCHED UP TOGETHER and Made Each Other GREAT ALTOGETHER;  Thru AMAZONSTORE...!

I did not expect nearly so much for the price. Everything works as advertised. One feature that impressed me was WiFi. Could send emails from phone over my regular internet connection and ISP. Did not deduct any time as I was not using TracPhone's airwaves. If you have trouble with WiFi and email, go through the Advanced Setup menu's until you find Port # for incoming email and Port # for outgoing email. Also check your security mode for SSL, authentication required, etc. I had about given up on emailing until I found that all the default Ports were wrong for my ISP/email connection as well as authentication. Put in same Port #'s/authentication as present email uses and worked perfectly.The Bluetooth paired with my TomTom GPS and worked perfectly for hands-free communications.Texting worked great at 0.3 minutes deducted - send 3 of these for price of one phone call. Also inserted a jpg photo. Worked well between phones. Downloaded them from computer to phone via the included cable. Sent text message to relative with 'dumb' phone from another company I guess. He said he received the text but couldn't reply by text as would have to add 'data' to his plan.Browser also worked great on websites.The manual doesn't mention it, but when entering Contacts, you can bring up the bigger keyboard by using the Menu in upper right-hand corner, after getting cursor in the entry box. Tap on Input Method, then Keyboard.Got two of'em (White for wife, Black for me). No problem transferring phone number and one year of paid-up service plus about ten hours time remaining to this phone. Someone had mentioned in a review that TracFone would not transfer time & minutes if purchased from Amazon. No questions asked, went smoothly.

I've been a Tracfone user for years, so I know the drill.  I had a Motorola Flip phone (5 years) that had seen better days so it was time to upgrade.  This phone is everything--and MORE.  I am a senior that doesn't need all the functionality of a smart or I-phone.  This little device gives me just the right amount of smart phone features (texting, w-ifi browsing, camera, alarm, etc) along with improved ring/messaging volume control (my highest priority) without the $$$ monthly expense of a major carrier.  Still new to this particular phone BUT it provides everything my old phone did +++++ a whole lot more.  One of the few purchases I've made this year that makes me think I'm a really Savvy Shopper!!!

This is the best Tracfone you can by that does not have a keyboard. I picked it up for around $40, and it came with 1000 minutes. That beast the $159.99 for 1000 minutes on the Tracfone website!

Needed a cell phone for occasional use and this is great. Have a land line so this is a back up, good for travel, easy to use and inexpensive. My third tracfone.

Very inexpensive & functional option for the not so tech saavy person who wants basic functions like making & receiving phone call as well as texts, calendar reminders, photos & such.  Easy to use & great for senior citizens who don't want to learn new technology.  Much too slow for the tech addicts out there.

This was an upgrade for me and it is just as much fun as LG phones go!!!! It is easy to use...if you have an older phone like I did, it was also easy to &#34;transfer&#34; music with the sim card!!!

Not only is this a nice phone, but after buying the phone, the average I spend a month is about $10. I only need a basic phone to make calls, keep phone numbers and get email. Like all the other phones I get the SMS messages, it has an alarm clock, calendar, camera and memory chip for more storage. Couldn't ask for more.

REGARDING THE QUALITY  --IT APPEARS TO BE WELL MADE --ITS APPEARANCE IS EQUAL TO OR SURPASSES OTHER CELL PHONES IN THIS CATEGORY --AS TO ITS FUNCTION I WAS VERY SATISFIED WITH MY PREVIOUS TRACFONE WHICH WAS FAR LESS SOPHISTICATED --- THIS PHONE IN MY ESTIMATION IS EXTREMELY SENSITIVE--  THE SLIGHTEST MOVEMENT CAUSES IT TO ENGAGE A FEATURE WHICH I DO NOT WANT  AT THAT POINT IN TIME -- I PURCHASED A STYLUS TO HELP IN THIS AREA  --THE OPERATORS MANUAL THAT IS SUPPLIED WITH THE PHONE IS IN MY ESTIMATION POORLY DONE-- IN MY CASE REQUIRING A 3X MAGNIFYING GLASS----- WHEN GOING ON LINE TO USE THE &#34;USERS GUIDE --IT IS MORE CONFUSING THAN THE BOOK &#34;CRIME AND PUNISHMENT &#34; ----A FAMILY MEMBER HAS A NEW I PHONE AND I FOUND THE MANUAL EASIER TO UNDERSTAND THAN  THE  ONE  SUPPLIED WITH THIS PHONE

not a smart phone but a good choice if all you need is a easy to use phone this is the one

can't hear even with volume up, sounds fades.  Getting to the net is so expensive and time consuming it is really useless, so can the one feature I spent extra for.  I got it for $27 so it is OK for a low level cell, but I wish I did not lose my cheap little $20 clamshell.BTW, Tracfone is notorious for really poor customer support, the kind you just want to reach though the phone line and slap the Cust Support person.  Well, it has gotten worse.  This phone replaces a phone that I got to replace clammy.  The second  phone never actually successfully made more that 4 calls - rather than trying to understand what I was asking, customer support suggested I throw it out and get a new phone. Several times in a row, like a robot.  Before I actually turned it on.Tracfone is cheap and reliable, but this will be my last trac phone, just based on the customer support.

GOOD FOR THE MONEY PAY PHONE & DEPENDABLE & ALSO ELIMINATES THE CONTRACT PHONES. ONE STOP SHOP ON LINE! GREAT!!!!

Very nice for a Tracfone. Works well with my Wifi. Nice sleek look. Great for ages 11 and up. Only thing, to use the internet it only lets me put in exact addresses and use their saved searches like weather.com.

I don't make a lot of calls but it is my only phone. Calls started crashing again, no signal into service, no reception. I live in Huntington Beach CA. This is a saturated area with cell service. My wife has Tracfone with no problem. We are planning to travel and need better service. I have asked Tracfone about better phones but they want me to use NET 10 which is a good service. I decided a Verizon prepaid flip phone was the answer.

We wanted to get a phone for our daughter who is in middle school purely so we could be able to text her and she could text us when something important comes up.  Occasional phone calls too but it's pretty rare.  After doing a lot of research over a week or so I am so glad I discovered Tracfone and this model in particular.  Like I said, this was not going to be used much.  Paying a monthly fee to add another phone to our family plan was still overkill for what we needed.  Again, this is perfect.  It's a modern design so it's not 'embarassing' to use but it is FAR from actually being a smart phone.  It may have the 'look' but it's not.  But it does what it needs to very well.The touch screen is responsive enough, but not in the iPhone class for response.  So don't expect that.  The screen resolution is quite low, again don't expect iPhone quality there either.  It's got a good phone book and you can add contact icons with a person's picture right on one of your home pages.  So for my daughter's I put her top 6 family contacts right on her home screen for easy dialing.  But again, there is a phone book too which works just fine.  Phone can be set to ring or vibrate.  You can easily add MP3 ring and SMS tones just by connecting the USB cable to your computer and dragging them onto the phone.  We just made our own with a sound editor program.  Keep in mind that the files need to be below a certain file size in order to show the option to make a MP3 file a ring tone once it is on the phone.  If you add something and you can play it on the phone using the music player but it does NOT give you the option to make it a ring tone, odds are the file is just too large.  Cut it down smaller with a sound editor program and try again until it works.Text messaging works fine and I like that fact that you can see if you have new messages by just hitting the button to get to the lock screen and you can see if you have any without actually unlocking the phone.  The phone has a low battery 'beep' which goes off every 3 minutes when it gets down to a critical level.  To me this is a good thing because the phone can go several days without charging and it tough to remember to charge it.  Not sure if it can be disabled.  I'm sure eventually it's going to wake me up in the middle of the night so we'll see.  We got her a nice 'hybrid' case on Amazon as well as a screen protector and I'd say it's really well protected now.  I didn't want a phone that was the end of the world if it got broken and since Tracfone's are so inexpensive to replace I don't need to worry OR put a lot of pressure on a child to protect an expensive device.  Keep in mind that there are a 'few' Tracfone models that actually include a bundle of minutes that don't expire for a whole year and still have triple minutes (hint hint) so look around and consider these models - you'll be very happy if you do.Final thought - my wife had a fit when I said I thought a Tracfone was the best solution for our child.  I think there is a stigma about Tracfones being junky and having very limited coverage areas (not true but depends where you live of course).  I believe this model uses AT&T; where we live and that is what our contract phones use so we see little to no difference in coverage.  Now that we have had the 840g for a couple weeks my wife agrees that this was a fantastic purchase and the best solution for our needs. Highly recommended. I only wish I could live so simple!

I wanted to up grade to a smart phone but couldn't justify the cost and contract of a Verizon phone/plan since I may be moving to a part of the world in the near future where it may be expensive or impossible to use. Since I already had a Tracfone this seemed to be a good solution in the mean time.I was pleasantly surprised by the intuitiveness of this phone's functions and the ease of transferring my old number, minutes & service to the new phone, which I did thru my online account. Being able to browse online using the WI-Fi capability without using minutes (as long as you have access to a network) is a big plus, and of course you still have the option to burn some minutes to browse if a network isn't available and you have a cell signal, which doesn't seem to be all that bad since Tracfone has some data to minutes formula rather than charging for the time you actually spend online. Another plus is this phone came with Triple Minutes For Life verses my old phone's Double Minutes For Life, adding more justification for the upgrade.As other folks have mentioned in their reviews, there are some compromises when it comes to the operating system, other software, & availability of the virtual keyboard, but I think there may be apps that can be added and tweaks to be sniffed out as workarounds for the encountered deficiencies, which I've yet to have the chance to fully explore. This phone has already easily met my expectations and can only get better as I learn more about it.

The LG 840G Prepaid Phone meets the needs of those who want a limited-usage phone.  Although you can access the internet, I would not recommend it for internet service as the minutes are used up quickly.  Otherwise, with triple minutes you should have adequate phone usage for 2-3 months without purchasing additional minutes.

The battery does not last long and it does not get great reception, but you can't beat the price. You just have to be sure to keep  ahead of the battery charging and you have to find the perfect spot in the house for good reception.

A great phone for the money!

This is a cute phone, if that is what your looking for, but you cant hear the phone ring, even on the highest#  and you cant here the person on the other line, need to exchange for a different phone.

I did not receive my hard cover case the phone is too small dropped a couple of calls.  But over it's o.k

This is a great little phone at a great price.  After using the old fashioned flip phone, this is a small jump into better technology of the expensive phones now on the market.  You buy the minutes as you need them, so if your not glued to your phone for everything this would be good for you.

I love this phone. It has not let me down yet. I just use it for calling, but its worth every dollar I paid for it. I would recommend this product

You can't beat the price on here, you'll pay much more if you go through Wal-Mart. It's an easy to use, touchscreen. It's nice that it has wifi, I wish it would let you check your notifications on Facebook though. But it's well worth buying.

i bought this as an upgrade from my old flip phone.  the transfer from the old to the new was very, very easy using tracfone customer service.  for $29.95, triple minutes was a deal hard to pass up.  it took around 15 minutes to do all the transferring of my accrued minutes from my old phone, the setting up for use  and when all was done, I was able to use my phone and did not have to wait.  I needed a basic phone mostly for emergencies.  this phone offered that and a lot more.  everything is easy to operate and the pictures I took using the camera mode came out perfect.  I'm just so glad I made this purchase and &#34;tracfone&#34; only made this one of the best purchases I ever made with amazon.com.

I really did like this phone a lot although I used it infrequently, mostly when not at home and for emergencies.  Tracfone, however, for the past two weeks has been stealing my minutes and they deny it. I can't figure it out. I called them about it twice they refuse to reimburse me the $30 worth of minutes I purchased in the last month. I used maybe ten minutes and the rest just kept draining from my phone. I feel like I am in the Twilight Zone with this problem and tracfone refuses to acknowledge a problem with their computer system or anything. There must be some kind of virus that is programmed to steal minutes from certain phones because my mom and husband are not having this problem. When I googled it, I found out that other people are experiencing the same situation though, so something is going on in that company. I have lost all my faith and trust in them. Their employees are the worst! They keep passing you on to another &#34;manager&#34; who does not help you at all. What exactly happened to over 500 of my minutes, I doubt I will ever find out. I currently my phone has no minutes and I purchased them three days ago and did not use even one. I will not buy any more. I am going to contact my credit card company to see if they can help me get my money back and unfortunately, I guess I,will have to buy another phone from another provider. Seriously friends, do some homework before getting a tracfone. The owner of the company is a billionaire who owes a lot in back taxes. I guess this is,how he has decided to pay these taxes, by stealing from his customers.

I just got this thing the other day and IT IS AWESOME!!! I got the white one 'cause I've never ever seen a tracfone in another color other than black lol. It was really easy to figure out. I transferred my number and minutes and service time from my old phone to this one myself by following the how-to right from Tracfone's website and it only took about 10 minutes. The Wi-Fi is amazingly easy to get going as well on this thing and there are at least 3 different ways to access it from the home screen on the phone.

I got this for my daughter, and she loves it she would prefer an i-phone, but for the price this was the smart choice for a younger kid.

instructions on implementing .Also no instructions to  tie in to my home wifi,,very poor. No istrr on downloading apps,etc.....just a 68 year old novice trying to enter this age of wireless tech.

Decent phone, for pre-paid user looking for practical and functional phone. Works well, decent service, poor man's wifi accessed all the basic sites needed. Pictures OK for this price. Strongly recommend Maxing out with a 4g SD card. You can go bigger, but they'll slow her down something serious.

It's the poor man's iPhone!  Works great -- allows me to do everything I want to do -- all the while not having a monthly contract fee.

Lots of choices for a &#34;pay as you go&#34; cell phone.  Great memory, helpful options, bright screen.  I am very pleased with it.

Got this for my 7th grader. Wasn't crazy about her having a full blown smart phone yet (part socialization concerns, part absent-minded-adolescent-leaves-too-much-stuff-on-bus concerns). Bt she needed a way to communicate with us and her friends.She groused a bit at first that it wasn't an iThang, but got over it quickly. It has a decent camera, she can dl music and pics, and even do some simple surfing without eating minutes, via our wireless network.Triple minutes is a good deal - signed her up for a $20/month plan and that gets her all the minutes she needs.

This phone is amazing i really love everything about it. i am so glad that i brought this it was worth every penny

I am so happy with this LB 840G tracfone.  I chose it because I have always had good results from LG products and the price was right. The prepaid phone with triple minutes is a plus too.  It fits nicely in my purse & the sound is clear and easy to hear when a message or call comes in.  I would highly recommend buying the LG 840G - a good buy for the money.  Riley

Problem with unlocking screen, opted out of lock option. Upgrade from physical qwerty Samsung may not be an improvement. Wifi was not reached instead charged as 3g. Back to alphanumeric was a chore. May be going back but going back to previous cell phone with with Tfone is a chore.

It's not a smartphone but it's about as close as you will get with Tracfone. It does everything I need it to do, I can access an email account and face book. Web browser is not great, doesn't display some pages correctly some pages not at all.

I love this phone.It's easy for me to understand .If I can use it anyone can. Great buy also.You can buy as much air time as you need at a good price.

This is as close as a smart that I can get and I am very happy with it!My original Tracfone was lost about a week before purchasing this one but Tracfone was still able to save my minutes and time left from the old one before de-activating it!Very happy with Tracfone and this new LG!!

This phone has all the bells and whistle of the more expensive phones without the big price tag to go with it.

I was able to take my SAFELINK minutes (250 FREE) that I get per month & transfer them to THIS PHONE!!!  A W E S O M E!!!  Only thing I was a little disappointed with is that TRACFONE doesn't have ANY GAME APPS for this phone!I purchased this phone for one of my daughter's BIG CHRISTMAS PRESENTS. To her its BIG!  U are able to DISABLE THE INTERNET BROWSER IF YOU LIKE, TOO!!!!  Really nice and easy to use!!!  &#62;&#62;BTW....if you have The Safelink Svcs....THEY WILL NOT TRIPLE THOSE MINUTES....JUST THE ADDITIONAL MINUTES YOU ADD ON!!!!

I gave this phone &#34;5 Stars&#34; even though it has one glaring shortcoming, the size of the screen.  It makes the QUERTY keyboard too hard to use without many mistakes, so I use the keypad for text entry.  Web viewing is similarly  virtually unusable, but with a bit of patience one can make it work reasonably well.The fact that the phone has WiFi, and does not deduct time, is incredible for such an inexpensive phone (and Tracfone!); coupled with triple minutes, web surfing is inexpensive fun when no WiFi is available.Something I miss that my slider (Tracfone) had is the ability to block calls.  I don't see any provision to block calls.Overall it's an amazing  value.  WiFi, triple minutes, web, etc.  It's not a smart phone, but if you don't need or want apps, this phone is perfect and has plenty of bells a whistles.  Why more people don't go with Tracfone is beyond me.

Some one lost my other phone just like this one. (except it was black.) The white one looks nicer. Love the wi fi. MP3 player. great phone!!

I purchased the phone for my kids and it wont connect to the wifi as it said it would. I feel really bad because they cant do much on it because it will use all of their minutes. What wrong with this phone????????

too many to list.First & foremost:  Will not program 911 into contacts--.shame on lg840g for not allowing 911 in contacts;  this is unacceptable

Solid construction, barely usable interface, and a completely unusable browser.  The best thing about this phone is I can run the Facebook app on it, and I can also run the Google Maps app.

A friend of mine recommended Tracfone, so I purchased one for my kids thinking it is affordable and should be easy to manage. We had to call for a new SIM card. It took the staff more than 30 minutes just to enter my ticket. I'd heard buyers complaining about this process so, it did not come as a surprice. After I finally activated my phone, I went to Tracfone website and found this gorgeous Family Value Plan ($9.99 only for 50 minutes every month for the primary phone, then $5.99 for each additional phone.) I was very excited about it and purchased two more phones for my husband and myself, thinking that I can add them to the Family Value plan when I received them.My nightmare began soon after I received my two other phones. First of all, I had to call for new SIM cards for them. I endured the 30 minutes TIMES two for the staff to create two separate tickets for me and he was pretty new in his job. After I received my SIM cards, activated my two new phones, and added them to my account, the website did not let me add them to the family plan my first phone was in. I tried and tried to figure out a way to do it online so I don't have to call customer services but no matter what I clicked in my member account, it always led me back to Tracfone homepage and asked me to login to my account again. At this time, I was very frustrated. I reluctantly called the customer services and was transferred from staff to staff to fix the issue. Just when the last staff was creating my tickets, when I had already been on the phone for about an hour trying to get things resolved, I got disconnected and my account information was incomplete because she was still trying to fix it. I called the customer services again, and was transferred from staff to staff one more time until someone could create tickets for me. It took me another hour to finally had the two tickets created. My account view is still messed up but none of the staff could help me so I have given up explaining what's going on with it. I'll try requesting a ticket online myself because my neck is hurting from hours of waiting and talking to the staff on my home phone.Thank goodness I have a landline! All the waiting could have eaten up all the minutes on my cell phone. I have come to a realization that Tracfone is not a service you can solely rely on to meet your daily communication needs. Every text message costs you 30 cents (CORRECTION: .3 of one minute). You answered a phone and said "Okay, see you at noon." one minute is deducted. Even if you're calling a 1-800 number, your minutes will still be deducted.. Before I purchased this phone, I was reading as many customer reviews as I could to find little catches like this but nobody said anything about it. If I knew this cell phone could eat up my minutes like crazy, I wouldn't have purchased them in the first place.  I should have tested the first phone a few more days before I switched phone plans. Now I'd rather stick with my old phone plan. Even though it's a bit more expensive, it's so much easier to handle than Tracfone services.My conclusions: The staff was okay. They were polite and genuinely wanting to help. Not all of them knew what to do in situations like this but eventually they transferred you to the right person. For each customer service phone call, expect to wait for at least 30 minutes to resolve your concerns. The member account page on the website is a joke. It's the worst design I've ever seen. You can't do anything it promised you that it would do. Every little thing you want, you need to pick up the phone and call Customer Services. I've talked to at least six of the staff members and none of them are native English speaker. Some of them are more knowledgeable and easier to understand than the others. The ticket system the staff was trying to use must be very bad as well because the poor staff would keep telling me they were looking up some information or waiting for a page to load every one minute during the entire 30-60 minute phone conversation. Tracfone really needs to upgrade their ticket system and website functions. If they have strong ticket system and website functions, they don't have to waste so much time on trying to fix customer issues.

The lg 840 is junk it does not seem to b worth what u have ro pay for it u cant receive pictures or send pictures or keep service

Of all the products I have bought through Amazon this is the only one that disappointed me.  I don't normally own a cell phone - matter of fact - people who live by these devices annoy me.  I only bought this one because I was taking a trout fishing trip deep in the wilderness and my wife insisted I carry a phone.  I am advanced in age and don't get around like I once did.  I suppose that if I had gotten injured, a phone would have been nice to have.  It's a good thing I didn't have an accident.  I did make 2 phone calls but the third time I tried, the thing would not turn on.  Once home, (10 days after I bought the phone) I removed the battery and tested it and established that it was fully charged.  It is simply that the switch will not turn on the device.  I did not pay a lot for the phone but I did invest quite a bit in Tracfone minutes which have all gone to waste.  Normally I would have returned the phone and guess that Amazon would have made it good.  But I didn't because I never wanted a cell phone in the first place.

LG got it right with this 840g.....nice looking, easy to use, and TRIPLE minutes. Love that its available in white. As long as you have access to free wifi, you don't burn thru minutes. Great overall.

I have had Tracfones for many years.  I previously used an LG800g and was happy with that phone. However, when this version came out with wifi, I upgraded.  I'm not a big cell phone talker, use text and wifi occasionally, so this is the perfect plan and phone for me. I do like the 840's touch screen better than the 800's. The wifi works well, was easy to set up and is easy to use. One feature that was lost in the 840 is the ability to block numbers, which I miss greatly.There is a work around using a silent tone, but you still end up with the problem of voicemail from marketing numbers, etc. The camera is nothing to write home about. The white color is a nice look. Its a solid phone.

This phone arrived quickly was easy to set up but it didn't come with many ringtones that we could hear. Also it has to be shut off and on frequently in order to keep it working right.

This was a few bucks cheaper than Wallmarts black version.  The triple minutes really is a great deal and you waste zero minutes at hot spots.

I wanted a new phone for personal use and have been very happy with the  Tracfone service.This phone is amazing and I am very impressed.  It has a better than typical but still similar Tracfone interface.  Texting is much, much easier and the home screen can be modified as you wish to a great extent.Well worth it even if you don't want all of the "Smartphone" features.

I liked my lg800 so much that I decided I would like this with the triple minutes, and WiFi, and so far I'm very happy I made the change. My daughter was able to transfer all my pictures, contacts, and even my calender from my lg800 to lg840g with the bluetooth, but I'm not sure how she did it! The WiFi was easy to set up, and I don't have trouble getting on facebook or getting emails. Taking pictures is fun and easy,and it even has a video camera. I like having a calender, calculator, notepad, alarm clock, phone, camera and so much more in just this little white phone. I'm still learning, and decided to just have fun with this phone, it's a great price on Amazon, triple minutes, and no monthly phone bill. I needed a phone for emergencies, but now I'm learning to text! I feel this phone for me is everything I need without spending a fortune, plus much much more. A lot of my help learning about this phone I got from YouTube, because the instructions that come with it doesn't really cover everything!

For the money you can't go wrong 40 bucks a pretty smart phone withmany features for a prepaid cell phone.

This tracfone was obtained for my Great nephew and he has had a ball with it.  It is his first phone and he loves it.

Basic and functional. Best just for making calls and using the calculator. Not complaining, it is what I expected to receive.

I was afraid to switch from my flip phone, to the touch pad....but I really LOVE this phone.  I've been a TracFone customer for over 5 years and have been very happy with their service.  Just got the phone yesterday...had no trouble transferring from my old phone, although I ended up using the customer service number instead of the website....had it changed over in 10 minutes.  It is easy to operate...now all I need to find is a nice case to keep it in.

what a great phone its pay as you go and for the amount i use a phone its perfect . thanks amamzon

This is more than I expected, so easy to use, and not as big as an i phone so it easier to hold. I would recommend that you search the web for the LG 840 user manuel it will help with understand all the features on the phone. I carry it in my pocket and it never turns its on, an if it did you would have to unlock it for a call to be made. If you have trouble hearing your present phone ringing, this one will be heard all over the house. I was looking for a new phone and I found this one on Amazon at a much better price than you will find anywhere. I found it was easier to get a number and get minute from tracfone by using  tracefone.com, you will get the phone number and minute quickly. I would recommend this phone to everyone try it I,m sure you like it as much as I do.

While this phone isn't a smart phone, it does have 3G & WiFi connectivity which has extended my reception in the rural area where I live. I think this is a great phone for the price and would recommend it to Tracfone users.

This phone may be cheap in price, but it works as though it is a smartphone..Don't be fooled by the price. I am buying one for my husband because he likes the prehistoric flip phone.

It will not work in our area.  They didn't mention this problem when I ordered..Sending it back and hope the next one works.

I purchased this LG840G phone as an upgrade from my current Tracfone. It is easy to navigate and the larger screen size is a plus. You can adjust the settings (color, font size, etc.) and also choose your own screen photo from one of several included or upload your own. The touchscreen is great especially when you have been accustomed to a flip phone. Calling is easy whether dialing the number or choosing from one of your saved contacts.This LG840G also shuts down when not in use so you save battery life. I only charged this phone for a short time when I received it. For those who only want a phone (and/or a camera for those moments you want to capture with family and friends), this is the one to get. You can go online or call a Tracfone representative to transfer your current Tracfone minutes & phone #.What sold me was the reviews for this phone. With the many features included--Bluetooth, email, games, camera & video, music player, etc. you get so much for the money. With a price point less than $40.00 with free S&H; from a great seller on Amazon this made the choice even more attractive!Tracfone. No monthly billing, no "extras or frills" you may not want or need. A wise choice for yourself as a first time cell phone purchaser, an upgrade from a flip phone or for someone as a gift. Plus you get triple minutes for life. No matter the reason for choosing this phone, it is well worth it.

I bought this somewhat smartphone but it's nothing like a smartphone. First of all it's slow. I've tried to download an app called Find My Droid but for whatever reason it won't download.When using wi-fi and checking my mail it sometimes uses my minutes.When trying to go to a web address it sends me a message that the page is too big. What's that mean?I would not recommend buying this phone if you're looking for a cheap smartphone. Continue searching is my best advice.

Seen a black LG 840 a relative has, so I bought one for myself, then seen the white version and had to get one. Don't know why this is the only Tracfone phone that has two colors but anyway...This is NOT a smart phone, it's Java based, doesn't run Flash games, does not have an OS.Has mobile web access, functional wifi and bluetooth. Has a little shorter battery life then my old phone but this has a bigger, clearer screen. Qwerty keyboard for texts only, anything else that needs input uses the phone numpad style. Triple minutes for life of the phone and has a modern look. Overall a nice &#34;feature&#34; phone.

First, this is a tracfone which can only be used with tracfone service. This is not really a bad thing as tracfone buys mins from the major companies and resells them to be used on their phones. You can get tracfone mins from many location to refill as needed, but just remember tho the mins carry over, they do have an expiration date... if you don't add more mins before the expiration you loose all.How it works;  You put mins on the phone, txt messgs are 1/3 mins , pic messgs about 1/2 min (depends on size), and talk is per min. The nice part of this phone is 3x mins for life... put on 100 and get 300mins..Also a big plus is WIFI for email and browsing DOESN'T use mins at allSecond, I don't use a phone alot, maybe 20-30 mins a month and about 100 texts to stay in touch with the kids... This phone fits my bill just perfectly... I dropped my old phone and use this and cut my cell bill in half.Third, you have to find out ( ask friends ) what cell companies work best in your area... The &#34;G&#34; ending of model shows it's a GSM phone. In my area that means T-mobile or AT&T; as the carrier. Tho both will work,one may work better for coverage!***Tip... is the model number on the package ends with &#34;P4&#34; it's an AT&T;, if a &#34;P5&#34; its T-MOBILE.***As to the phone;  It's a HALF-SMART phone.. Unlike most most smart phones ( android, apple,etc ) this phone runs on JAVA OS... it will only run JAR apps of which ( other than games ) there are few and they tend not to be tested/inspected like from the major app stores, so be careful what you add if you do.This wasn't a problem for me as the phone comes with the major apps most need ; wifi/mp3/email/browser(not the greatest)/BT in both a2dp and hst for music and phone/cam or video/etc.So for me it works well, the apps provided are fine for basic needs.. I'd give it a 5 star if there was an app store.

Love the new phone looks like a smart phone. Love the wifi capabilities without having to use my minutes up. Keyboard a little touchy when not locked have accidentally dialed many people. Enforce it locked

awesome phone! just as good as a android phone. very nice style and screen resolution. the internet if faster than my android tablet. I was surprised that the camera is very good, its 3mp. textured back helps a lot, my hands don't sweat. ive had the phone for a month and its still holds up well. overall very good for the price. it said 5-8 business days and I got it in 5 days. I dropped it from a second story deck and it hit the concrete, nothing happened but it got a scuff. NOT CHEAPLY MADE!!! very strong for a touchscreen. I love it and recommend it for light texting and calling users. the only thing I don't like is that it don't rotate when I turn it, which I got used to not having that feature. it still supports fun games though. great product for sure!

awesome phone for the money. should have switched to tracphone a long time ago! great deal lots of  features love it

I truly enjoyed doing business with the Shopcelldeals' team.  My LG 840 was not available in the color I wanted and the replacement color was fine with me; the company gave me the option of returning the phone without a restocking fee and an offer of a 'prepaid return label'.I received a car charger and a gift certificate to popular restaurants.  Need I say more.....I am pleased with their customer service and would not hesitate to do business with them again.  Thank you Shopcelldeals Team!!!

Very simple phone but it works great. It has lasted quite a while even after dropping it dozens of times on the ground and in water. Lol.

I have a Virgin Mobil phone, however, I must live in a black hole, because it doesn't work when I'm in my house.  I purchased this phone as a cheap way to have a &#34;house phone&#34; since I no longer have a land line & it would be nice to call &#34;911&#34; if there was an emergency without the need to run outside to make the call (which is what I have to do with my VM phone).  Anyway, this phone works in every room of my house & I'm able to make & receive actual calls from anywhere in the house, not just text messages.  I got the phone at what I thought was a great price, put minutes on it,  get Triple Minutes for life & don't have to spend anymore money for a Whole Year.  What could be better!

I've always used tracfone.  this is the closest one to a smartphone so far that you can get.  I've been having problems connecting to my wifi but that may be the problem with my server as I do not have the best service.  I'm very happy with this phone.  Easy to text.

LOVE!!! It has so many options and the screen is nice and big!!  It easy sending text messages w/this phone vs a flip phone (my flip phone you can't simply type a message (you have to know the persons 'number' otherwise you can't send it (without 'replying' to a previous so you have the 'number')))  This phone makes it super easy!!! Only negative I can say it's too easy to type and send text messages now so we really have to watch my daughter so she doesn't blow thru her minutes :-( She did start w/a flip phone but only had that since June (she had to be more cool like her friends and get this phone)  I will be buying one now too as I checked her's out first and LOVE it!! (my mom and godchild might too)  I even sent a text message and it's night and day from my flip phone!!  Oh actually there is another 'negative'....  you can't download many app's like you would like to because of the type of phone it is (trac) BUT it is not a iphone!!! and I won't spend the money on an iphone.....  I don't need all that and the crazy expensive monthly bill.....  We also used the wireless option with our aircard a few times already and it didn't use any of our minutes :-)  We did have to wait almost a day for our old minutes/days to be transferred from the old phone but that just meant carrying both phones that first day (it beeps at you so you know it did it).  It does add I think it was 60 days and 20 mins to your old phones time when u xfer.  My daughter is having fun with it.  She even has an alarm set for when they should walk down to the bus.  I love the contacts screen, so much better than the flip phones!  My daughters phone we did not buy the 'year' card right away with it but when I finally noticed it and checked into it I will be buying the phone with the 400 (tripled to 1200) mins.... cheaper that way!!  Phone we paid $33 for and phone/card will be $99.  Card is usually $99 in the store, so it's like getting the phone free....  Highly recommend this phone!!!

This is no iphone.....but for those who want a great phone w/ some of the smartphone features......this is excellent.  The triple minutes make it a great bargain for those who don't want a monthly plan.  But, beware if you receive group texts w/ pictures......You'll lose 9 minutes in a click (which is why it's not 5 star).  So, there are some flaws....but, if you know this, you'll not open them up or you can &#34;splurge&#34;.  Texting is only .30 seconds and talking is very cheap with a tracphone.  All in all, I wouldn't give this phone to a teenager that is constantly texting, but for someone who is not constantly on their phone, you will love it.

This phone lives up to it's promise.  It is easy to use with a great screen.  The only problem is the peculiarities of Tracfone.  Tracfone uses a proprietary operating system that limits the number of apps to a few, and does not allow adding ringtones, other than those it sells.

Because I have no service where I live and with all my other tracphones I had it. I have to go over 20 miles to get service does me no good at all.

Awesome price.  Love the phone.

This phone does everything those very expensive fancy dancy phones do but without the fuss and the high cost.  It took me a long time to decide on a phone and a service.  This one is perfect for me!

I do not use my cell phone as much as most people do. But, I needed a new phone and wanted to do a prepaid phone this time. I like this phone and find it easy to use. (My problem is spotty coverage near my home, not the phone itself. But, I had the same problem with AT&T.;)I am still learning about it, but it does have some nice features. I can easily send texts and can check e-mail when utilizing wifi either at home or when somewhere that has public wifi. I needed that to check on my son w/disabilities each day and this phone will do that.I haven't had the time to check out the features I will likely not use very much, but what I have used is worth it. If you are looking for a rather basic, but good little prepaid phone, I would recommend looking into this one.

This is no iPhone. Not as responsive...touch pad can be contrary and you have to push and push to get it to do what you want.While Tracfone has the cheapest overall operating expense for pay as you go, I was much happier with my $5 LG Tracfone flip &#34;Dumb phone&#34; on sale at Best Buy.Much easier to operate.  Of course I don't live on my cell phone either.

This is the greatest new pre=paid ever!  I also have a smart phone but at times, cannot not get service in all states, as we travel a LOT for business....I have found that this phone will ALWAYS call out...can take great pictures and send them by phone, e-mail or FB, check our mail...it has apps, texting is always only l/2 a minute, plus....you get TRIPLE minutes every time you load it up...I bought about 120 min. for 29.95, and got 360...Best part is...you can use wireless without using up your minutes when you are home....Tracfone has great customer service, you can add minutes from anywhere or pick up a card and you ALWAYS get triples....Great phone for kids, seniors or anyone! If there is any negatives about this phone, it is that a previous owner of my number had LOTS of friends who didn't know he let that number go.....and I get LOTS of wrong numbers!

Nice phone for the tracfone service. Camera, browser, wifi, typical smart phone functions. Trippple minutes keeps using the the service affordable. Transfering number and minutes from my old failing phone went pretty smooth.

I am so sick of black phones so was so happy to find this LG white one with everything I need in a cell phone. I love it and will be buying from this company again in the future when I feel I need a n upgrade. It came fast, it came with free shipping, which I LOVE, and it came just as advertised.  I am a happy camper.

Received this phone and was surprised at its Feature Rich capacity.  The Touchscreen is great, and the capacity for Large, Very Large FONTS is wonderful.  This pay-as-you-go is genuine--triple minutes is just a marketing spiel that means you're being charged less per minute for each call than what the add-minutes card indicates--for example: instead of paying $39 for 200 minutes, you're paying $39 for 600 minutes. The PROBLEM with this phone is:  NO WAY TO "BLOCK" numbers or TEXT Spammers---This is Definitely a negative when you pay for incoming and outgoing calls--they need to FIX THIS A.S.A.P.  Meanwhile, I gave one to my elderly Mom and with her Vision issues, the VERY LARGE FONT is excellent for her.  Also, she's lost a phone before and it's just not a big deal to call TracFone have her phone number transferred to another phone and there's really no Sleep Lost over the Cost of the replacement phone---and they do restore the minutes/service days.  So I give the phone & Service an "A+" for her needs & "B" for mine :-) NOTE: Found a better deal on HSN with this same phone--less cost/bonus minutes and a one-&-done for phone/accessories/minutes.

Fits perfect into my pocket and does exactly what I want and need it to do, text and phone calls.  I prefer the larger screen of my kindle for all the apps everyone else uses on their phones.  This phone and price suits my needs perfectly.  It does have access to the internet, which I have admittedly used, but be careful to utilize the Wi-Fi so as not to use up your minutes.  Battery life is great and charges very quickly.

My first impressions have been good so far. It's a cute phone, which is fun, especially since it's so easy to use and seems a better quality than my recent Droid. It's inexpensive, solid and small. My only issue is that I cannot figure out how to receive the &#34;Triple Minutes&#34; that the phone is supposed to come with. Perhaps I didn't read the small print about minutes - I have a request to TracFone to figure it out.

Love this phone!  My husband has one and has such good luck with it.  I had bought a droid tracfone, and it would not receive a good signal at our home. Just a word of warning to all of you considering a droid tracfone! IF YOU DO NOT LIKE THE DROID PHONE AND GO BACK TO A NON-DROID PHONE, &#34;DOWN GRADE&#34;, YOUR MINUTES WILL NOT TRANSFER!  We were never told this! So I personally lost all of my minutes by going back to a phone that works in our area.  So to all of you that are considering a &#34;droid&#34; tracfone, make sure that you get a signal from the verizon network in your area, as that is what network the droid phone works in.  Yes there are places verizon does not work.  This phone is great.  Tracfone customer service, not so great.

Fast shipping.  We bought this for our 17 year old sister.  I know she will love it!!!  We are going to order 3 more.  I love it!!!

very nice dose all that i could want it to do ,clear colors nice and i did not pay $200.00 for it and a 2 year contract at $90.00 a month.

I don't want a smart phone - Tracfone works great for me.  Easy transfer of phone number to new phone with one phone call to automated attendant.

when i got the phone the battery was wet, and did not keep longer, I have charge every day! hate

Phone does what I wanted but reception in my house is poor. will probably move to a different carrier like AT & T

I had an earlier model, which locked immediately after dialing.  I couldn't dial, then turn on the speaker phone, because it would lock and I would be phone to ear to see if it had been answered, and trying to unlock and get to speakerphone at the same time.  They have fixed that with this model, which I appreciate very much!  It also seems to have more bells and whistles, most of which I don't use.  At least I have them if I decide to use them.

Very satisfied with my new phone. Nice looking phone and features, excellent price and worth it for prepaid phone. You can't go wrong.

The picture makes this phone LOOK bigger,,,it isn't. YES, I know that it had a complete description of a 3.5 inch screen, but it still seems like it would be bigger when you think of &#34;smart phones&#34;. Its a bit temperamental, when inputting contacts, as it does not go to the qwerty keyboard,,,,,it's a phone,,,it can take pictures,,,,it will do, especially for the price!

I wanted to get away from Verizon because I felt like they have had me trapped for years.  thought I would try the tracfone but it cose more a month that the Verizon did.  I have since switched to walmarts family mobile and am extremely happy with it

It is good for a tracfone, but it's no iPhone.  Nice upgrade from flip phone.  It meets my kids' needs.

Arrived before the delivery date and this phone is so better than I ever thought it would be. I would buy it all over again and again.

It is not white, as I ordered but the phone is great......  I would recommend this phone to anyone.....  Easy to program, easy to see, easy to use...  I had just bought another phone but it was hard to use/program.....

its a very nice phone but have a hard time to shut it down you think its off but its not off

Very stylish look, easy to use. It saves us a lot of money by not having to have a monthly phone bill.

Has Wifi capability and a very responsive capacitive touch screen. The phone price is low. A great deal if you are not a heavy user of cell phone minutes.

I am very satisfied with all features of this phone.It is lightweight  and the ease of navigation makes it an A+ as far as I am concerned.Probably going to purchase some as gifts!

I bought this phone for my mom. She loves it. This is her first touch screen phone and it is simple enough for her to navigate. Great for beginners.

This phone is very nice.  It was at a very good price and it is a really nice phone.  I have not activated it yet, but it seems like a good quality phone.

I have tried many cell phones and i could never get reception until this phone. I love this cell phone.

This phone is great.  I can view/send emails and text messages all in one phone.  The mp3 features is also great.

this is my second LG840. I got black one first and got second one for my wife. they are working well and they have enough features for affordable price. this cell's cost performance is great. I changed cell from at&t to tracfone. so for so good :) sometimes I get a bit noice during talking with cell but I don't blame it.

Pros: Small, lightweight, doesn't drop calls muchDecent mp3 playerbuilt in wifiWidgets are nice, especially sticky notesCons: Weak screenScreen scratched really easy, try getting coverScreen isn't too great on responsivenessNo equalizer in mp3 playervideo player is s***Web browser works but is s***If you're desperate and want a cheap phone, I'd say consider this, but look at your options as well.

The phones are first rate. Tracfone service is lacking. My experience is mixed. I had no problem activating and keeping my wife's. old tracfone number. My phone was activated but I didn't  get my old number. It took numerous calls and a few days to straightened out the situation. Within a month my phone quit working. I've spent 2 hours and 45 minutes ,talking to 6 representatives trying to sort out this mess. I was told that the problem is a result of the previous problem not being processed correctly and the sim wasn't registered. They told me I need a new SIM card and it would take 3 to 5 days. Today is day 7 and I'm still waiting. I'll repost with the final outcome.

I purchased this Tracfone after doing some research on the type of phone I wanted to replace my present cellular phone.  I live at the beach and my previous cell phone was always roaming and needed constant charging.  I started checking out various brand names and models and found this particular model so easy to operate, I couldn't believe that if I wanted texting or even web access, it was there without paying big bucks.  Plus Tracfone gives you the opportunity to be billed monthly depending on your needs or pay up front, and gave me triple minutes as a bonus for the lifetime of the phone.  It's a win -- win scenario.  I chose paying upfront because the various time amounts were really affordable, especially going through Amazon.com  One of the last reasons, is that you can travel abroad and not have to worry about connections.  As I get more savy about this phone and want to upgrade, no problem there are more models with more options to choose from. And you get to keep your old number if you so chose. Their customer service is another big plus.Their always willing to help you.  And not at a cost that will kill my budget.

This my first touch screen cell phone and I love using it. It came in the right color that I ordered and best of all a good price.

It was what I expected. This latest model from tracfone is a great special features phone. It's not a smart phone but it's not dumb either. The browser and 3G service are pretty fast. This is a great deal. Most stores sell this phone in black for $50 or more. So it is a great deal!

This isnt what I expected. i thought this would be a true android powered phone, but its not. Its nothing more than a glorified basic smart phone!

Great price for a great phone. This phone is perfect for someone who wants a phone mainly to make calls,  text and take pictures. It is easy to learn to use and looks and acts  like a smart phone. You can access the internet, but doing so uses up a lot of minutes.

Will not connect to my WIFI, but does connect to WIFI's without protection.  Reentered WIFI code several times, no joy.

I just love it. I bought this for my mother for christmas. It's very easy to work and she loves the camera on it.

This is a reply post I deemed necessary to encourage those of you to feel comfortable with TracFone. They have been great if you can read...For those of you who make take to heart this earlier post from so called (HOW NOW), please accept his/her commentary with 7 grains. This person just needs a little seminar on the workings of it all.... Thank you...HOW NOW, BROWN COW?.... Your moniker is confused as you are. I am here to defend the error of your negative post of TracFone. I have used this company for 3 years since Verizon became non-negotiable. TracFone has been nothing but superb, but one needs to know how to apply their business plan. It says very clearly in the directions "not" to buy a double minutes card for the triple minute plan on the LG840G... You are directed to buy the regular minutes; then they will triple automatically. I just did this yesterday with my new Lg840G; everything went very smoothly, but then I read the directions as suggested prior to activation and addition of minutes. My old minutes transferred from the other phone, and the new minutes were tripled automatically. It is unfortunate that the company gets a 1 star just from a misunderstanding... 3 Years and many transactions, TracFone has been excellent. I do everything on the net instead of talking with someone from Guatemala...But they are very helpful for those who need it... I wish you could retract your negative commentary... Be well...

I'm very happy with this phone. I read all the other reviews before I purchased it, so I knew the pros and cons ahead of time. It's a great for phone calls and texting. It has several useful apps, such as notes, calendar, and mp3 player. The browser is slow and the camera isn't great, but not bad either. It would be much better if the qwerty keyboard were available for every app that requires typing. Unfortunately, you're stuck with the keypad for some apps, such as the calendar.

The phone has many useful features.  I find the keypads small as my hands are not agile.  My main problem with the LG 840G is the battery.  I am recharging about every 36 hours.  It held a charge better at first (I have used it for about 2 months).  I followed all directions when getting it set up.

I am really enjoying my phone.  I wish I had a manual to use it better, but I am getting better all the time.  Thanks!

I love the phone. Wanted something other than black. Large numbers; bright colors.Easy to use. Highly recommend this phone.

Nice simple touchscreen phone. Haven't had any issues thus far, recommended to my family and now four of us have them. Some guy on amazon made an e-book about this which is worth checking out.

this phone was purchased on september 31, 2013 so i have had it for 5 months.  after a few weeks of using it the battery would drain completely within 1 day of a full charge.  contacted tracfone about this and they apparently worked some magic on their end because suddenly the problem went away.  never had that particular problem again.  1/30/2014 the whole day the phone was unusable because it said &#34;no service&#34; even though i had a full year of airtime and almost 200 minutes to use and was at home where i never before had any problem with signal strength.  called customer service on hubby's cell and went through trouble shooting with tech who was very hard to understand but the problem was resolved.  today 2/3/2014 the &#34;no service&#34; problem is back.  did online chat with tracfone to try to fix but was not resolved.  they tell me i have to call their 800 number for further help....but i don't have a phone to make that call.i'm really not sure if this is an lg840g problem or a tracfone problem but i've used tracfone for about 18 years and never had any problems before so i think it is the phone itself.  i would not recommend this phone to anyone.

I bought this as an upgrade for my daughter to replace her 2 year old LG 800g which we never had problems with.  She loved the new phone until......Everything was working fine until about two weeks of using it.  Now, she can't hear anything on it, nor does it ring. She can text.  She has contacted Tracfone and nothing they tell her to do seems to get the problem resolved.  I will return it.

My Son picked this phone out.  I wasn't so sure because hedoesn't like touch phones, but he loves it!  He doesn't have any problemwith using the phone at all...I like it so much myself that I going to purchaseone for myself....

Very nice phone. I like how it takes a pic the most. Easy to use, never goes off in my purse

Good phone, some issues with battery charge, otherwise it is easy to navigate and use, would buy it again. Nice options for settings.

I received my new phone today.  Great service.  The phone is great.  Looking forward to using it & learning all the features.  Tracfone was very fast at transferring my service from the old one to the new one.  Less than an hour.  Very pleased with the phone & the service.  It is different that what I'm use to, but change is a good thing.  Looking forward to using the new technology.  Thanks for getting it to me so quickly.  Outstanding!

Be sure to consider the area you live in and who has the most towers. I bought this phone not knowing what i do know about pay as you go phones. All in all, the text works pretty easy, the phone is nice, and the touch screen is reliable, but where i live, i don't have alot of AT&T towers, and should have done my homework and got a phone with a C instead of a G...

So I decided to get a tracfone after months of debating about it. So I receive the phone and try to activate it only to run into a load of problems First it take some time to transfer a current number two days in my case. So if you need a phone borrow a friends because you will not have one for this time although they say your original phone should still work it does not. Then after waiting for a response and about 1 hour of entering different numbers and talking to people that speak broken English. I was told that the sim card is bad (brand new phone mind you). So now I have to wait 3 to 5 days for a new sim card. So the question still lies was it worth the change??? and will I be able to borrow someones phone while mine still don't work????Ok this is an update to my previous post. Since I have received a new sim card in-which only took two days to receive. I have installed the new card and everything is going well. I am impressed with the phone and the reception I have yet to loose a signal yet. Other than the start up and the messed up sim card it looks as if this was a good move.

I researched the phone, the software it comes with, and the BIG plus: WiFi connectivity - surfing the web, checking email, all without using ANY minutes!!! Then there's the Non-Tracfone purchase - although the TF price is close to Amazon's, as usual, Amazon has the lowest price, best shipping (if you're Prime) and just takes great care of their customers. Whomever had trouble getting Tracfone to &#34;accept&#34; the new phone purchased here - I can't imagine why.... I bought it, received it, *PUT THE SKINOMI TECHSKIN screen protector on, THEN charged the phone overnight, transferred my days and minutes online from my old phone to this one - NO PROBLEMS OR ISSUES!!! - then tested WiFi with my home network, and everything is PERFECTION! Of course the software isn't the latest-greatest, but for the price and being able to do everything one needs?! Great phone, Great Amazon, Great WiFi, just buy it!

Unfortunately I spent 3 months in the hospital and left my old phone at home. When I got back it was nowhere to be found. I turned to Amazon and found a replacement that was a step up and very affordable. I lost my SIM card and voice mail messages but kept my minutes and service time. The combination of getting the phone in 1 day and ability to recover my original phone number saved the day. It's a great phone and I got it from a great company.

I loved this phone so much I talked my mother into using one. It is perfect for her because it lights up brighter, the icons and keyboard are much easier to see and operate. She likes it almost as well as I like mine.

somewhat ok... the internet doesnt seen very well with my home internet and doesnt go to some things you need to go..but other then that  its ok..would buy again though

I love this phone i was hoping it would be similar to android but it is not. however it does have facebook and you can go onto web like youtube or amazon.com. takes good pictures and is very thin and sleek. cant wait to upgrade to a trackphone android though.

Easy to use and understand. I really like it.  Since it can access the internet, I can have the sum total of human knowledge in my purse.  That's astounding.  And it's pretty too.

For someone looking for a phone with style and a nice touch screen to it. order this phone. I loved it . It is good to have as a back up phone.

I love this phone.  Have had several phones through Tracfone and this is by far the best ever.  I have it in white and it is very nice looking and has great features.  I got it through Amazon at a very good price.  I am still learning the basics of this phone, but am finding it has many attractive features.  I like the triple minutes, the size, a good camera, and love the 'touch screen'.  It is very easy to navigate, an excellent phone for people who aren't very 'tech savvy'.  I would highly recommend the purchase of this phone.

No phone is truly perfect, but this phone is a really great buy for the price offered through Amazon.  Just remember that this is not a Smartphone but for those who want a slim, pretty basic lightweight touchscreen phone, this is it.  It has some very nice features but a few that you have to either work around or ones to which you have to become accustomed.  I have been with Tracfone for several years now, and I truly enjoy the cost (about $100 a YEAR...period), and the good phone service with no contract.  If you are not one to have the phone glued to your ear or obsessed with texting (no offense intended), then Tracfone, and possibly this style, may be the way for you to go.  I know it is perfect for me and with triple minutes for the life of the phone, it's even more attractive and cost-effective.

Not easy to operate.  The make believe 'lock' is a waste of time.  Need a stylus to operate the key board.Takes forever to go from sleep mode to fully on.

Unexpected feature: wifiand unexpected extra: microSD card.Compared with its early version, its processing time is much faster and screen touch is more responsive.

This phone is everything I wanted.  I love the triple minutes.  I enjoy hooking into my internet and just reading emails or facebook on my porch and I don't have to bring my lap top with me  It does take some getting used to the typing.  All in all very happy

Beautiful phone.My daughter loves it.Was a little disapointed when we couldn't  activate it because we needed a sims card for our area.But it came rather quickly.Then no problem activating it.She loves it. Next best thing to a smart phone, only this phone doesn't cost $100 a month.Ordered a very nice case for it too on amazon.

The Sony boombox was a Christmas gift for my 19 year old grandson. He loves it.The LG cell ohone was for me and I like it. I am satisfied  with both purchases.

Love the size and color went real well with my ITUFFY protector. It connects to the internet pretty quickly although it charges my plan for the time I am on it so I don't use that much. It has good sound and picks up a signal pretty decent like too. Good phone to buy Plus it has a front camera for video calling but I haven't used that yet.

I love this phone.  It's easy to use and is so compact.  I had an old flip phone and didn't want the expensive phones that I have seen, too big.  I love this one because I can fit it in my pocket when I go walking.  I have no bills at the end of the month,  just pay as I go, and no contract.  I should have bought this phone long ago.  Very happy with price, too.  Can't say enough good things about it.

I liked the phone however the sims card gave out 2 weeks after I got it. Now im stuck without a phone.

just got it for a late birthday gift and transfer the number from my old tracfone and it gave me over 1100 minutes when I only had about 200 minutes. every thing on it works(what I got to get to)

For years I used a flip phone that had an antenna. Hey, if it's not broke don't fix it. However, I did get tired of people laughing at my poor phone and the lack of any apps. Therefore, I finally upgraded to this phone, and I couldn't be happier. It has enough features (camera, calendar, games, internet) for me and now, shock, I can actually text message!

Got this for my youngest teenager.She loves it and I control the expenses for it.A win for both of us .

I hope I don't lose money on this one customer service said they would help wish me luck please not happy

I bought this phone for my daughter in case of emergencies. I was great for her. And in this day and age everyone needs a phone.

it sucks don't buy it its a junk tracphone,its a piece of junk if you buy this throw it in the trash, it is JUNK

I like this phone a lot. It's not nearly powerful enough for me to call it a smartphone, but it has a lot of useful functions and it executes them with ease.

This phone calls and texts as described and does a good job at it.  I like the triple minutes feature which is needed if you want to send a photo via text.  It used 3 minutes of air time! 10 times what a regular text uses!  I tried the Wi-Fi and never was able to do much as the screen doesn't move much and it is slow.  Like all tracfone phones, it's text looks like it is 15 years old so that was a disappointment.  Music player and camera are decent and it is nice to be able to send pics and music via Bluetooth.

This phone does the job fine and the price was good.  Calls are clear and it was easy to set up and purchase time.  My biggest complaint is that the quality of the display really sucks.  It looks like an old video game from the 90's.  Still, this was purchased as a home phone backup and it will work fine for that.

The best tracfone I have ever used. Much better than the average phone. Works everywhere I use it. It's not far behind a android.

I love this phone!  My old phone was very basic, small and hard to use.  This phone is just the right size and easy to use!  I even have less dropped calls with it even though I use the same carrier.  For the price you can't beat it!

This is a great phone for the price.  I bought this for my 15 year old daughter and she is very happy with it.  My husband and I both have this phone in black.  I love the touch screen.  It is very responsive.  My favorite thing is that I was able to pair it to the Uconnect system in my new car and the phone book is downloaded unlike some other phones.

Nice cell for my child! The cell is exactly what I expected, the camera is nice and the service is great.

Bought this as a Christmas present for my wife.  She loves the phone and the extra features it has compared to her previous trac phone.  Does a good job taking photos, pictures and recording audio.  Easy to text on since it has the digital touch screen.

White was perfect choice. Wonderful patient Customer service helped transfer my old tracfone minutes. Also helped get minutes from card I had purchased into the phone. Phone works perfect. Medium size is handy.

I was looking for a inexpensive touch screen prepaid phone and came across the LG840G. I did not purchase mine off Amazon and wished I had but I know where to come to next time if I need a replacement. The phone is pretty small and I suggest getting a phone cover for this to add some protection incase you drop it. The clarity of the phone is very nice when used with the speaker and the buttons as well as the touch screen are easy to push even with big fingers. The cheapest I have seen on Amazon is $39.99 I paid $50.00 for mine. You can record video's and take pictures but don't expect high quality its just there if you need it. The battery life is amazing boasting 5 hours of continuous talking. The triple minutes makes this phone worth it and roll over when you add minutes. Its no Iphone or smart phone but it gets the job done.

Cute phone but when people call me, they say the phone volume is to low and cant be heard. I live out in the country maybe that's it, maybe not..just able to text and receive picture..thats it

The phone is great, I like the fact that it's white.  It is a great buy.  The only feature I wish it had is a timer.

Perfect for my daughter who just wanted a touch screen phone. She doesn't talk alot so I can buy low minutes that will last her a long time. Way cheaper than a month to month contract.

I didn't want a cell phone.  It seems that whenever I am out, I am always with someone who has a phone, so why should I have one?  Eventually I thought I should have a phone just for emergencies.  I didn't want a cell phone plan.  My husband has one and we pay about $90/MO. including taxes.  After a lot of looking a I decided that Tracfone was my best deal.  They give you bonus minutes when you register the phone.  You can buy the cards almost anywhere and you can even get them online.  With this phone any minutes I buy are Tripled!!  And I don't have to top up (add minutes) for 90 days.  You can even buy a card that will let your minutes last you for a whole year.  Amazon had the best price for this phone.  Even better than wal-mart!!  I have only spent $70.00 total for  the phone and minutes and that is all I have to pay for 90 days.  When I top up again I can just do $30 for then next 90 days.  Plus it has WiFi.  With the WiFi turned on and I am home or anywhere with WiFi I can surf the web and it does not go against my minutes.  I could not be happier!!  Great buy!!

Sound quality is great for voice calls.  Operation of the phone is a little funky but okay. For existing Tracfone customers beware of Tracfone Technical Support transferring minutes/phone number from your previous Tracfone phone. My wife and I purchased new Tracfone phones but Tracfone Technical Support did not transfer the minutes we had on our old phones. Still fighting with Tracfone to restore approximately 1200 minutes on my phone and approximately 1600 minutes on my wife's phone. Suggestion to avoid losing minutes with Tracfone: When you purchase another Tracfone phone that you obtain a new phone number on your new phone and just use the minutes that came with your new phone. Keep your old phone active until you use all the minutes you have on it, once used up you can then deactivate your old phone if you wish to. I know this is possibly a bit of a hassle for you to have another cell phone telephone number, but this can avoid losing minutes (money) and the aggravation of dealing with Tracfone Technical Support. I'll post another update on how my fight went with Tracfone.  I already have a total of  over 6 hours on the phone with Tracfone trying to restore minutes/phone number to my current Tracfone phones, both cell phones have been out of service for the past 5 days.  I do recommend this phone, but one must keep it as simple as possible when dealing with Tracfone in order to be not ripped off!Update: After a couple of more hours on the phone with a Tracfone Technical Support Supervisor all the minutes were returned to my phones. What a hassel this whole process was! Keep it simple with Tracfone and you will be quite happy with your inexpensive cell phone!

The phone is easy! I am old so easy is great----- I Just am not used to the touchy screen stuff--same goes for my new kindle HD Fire---- and it is actually more work to use than just a slide and there are the buttons. Like I said I am old and so set in my ways. I wanted it for the options of the wi-fi when out if I should need it. The good thing is it is impossible to use in the car with one hand, must pull over---- but I never used a cell much anyway when driving. The biggest issue is the 'ka-ching" for everything you do it deducts . So I was like freaking out everytime it rang or I got put on hold thinking " I can't afford this!". With in 4 days I got my old land line back ( disabilty life line) and even got my old number back. So, after trying to save myself money I actually ended up spending over a hundred bucks total in the new phone, and then re install old phone. yesh I thought I had this all figured out ( and I did count minutes on my old phone- bill the whole deal )as I had a little slider trac phone I used in my jeep for 3 years, dropped it a gazillion times and it still works. So The phones are not the problem ---they are great. So I thought I would upgrade, but I should have lived with it a week or so before I disconnected my land line. But, hey it worked out. Never too old to learn! I must recommend that you visit the youtube tutorial on it---kids do these, but it was very helpful to learn about it that way, also got a great 2 pc case I saw on a clip too.

A very good phone. Very economical especially as a kid's phone. Does everything a normal smartphone does minus a few apps. Only drawback is one of those apps in instagram which my daughter loves. Still would recommend.

This phone has been a disappointment!  It continuously drops my incoming and outgoing calls.  It's possible that the coverage is not that great where I live so I will hang in there with it until I can find out if that's the problem.

Never had my own cell before and this one does the job.The touch screen isn't as nice as my hand-me-down iPhone4 (wifi-only)but it's easy enough to use when I need it.I really like how light weight the 840G is.It seems like half the weight of the iPhone4.I like being able to use the web with wifi and being ableto transfer pictures using the BT link.Those features worked fine each time I've used them.I mostly leave those features off to save power.They are easy to turn off and on when needed.This phone is for emergency & semi-emergency calls.When I go out, I turn it on, otherwise it stays off.I put it on the charger bi-weekly. (Every 14 days).I was surprised by the high unit cost of getting a Text Messagewhen compared to the cost of sending a text message. Seems odd.Not a problem, since I don't TM much.Feels like a solid phone, looks nice (like a mini iPhone) and works fine..Everything an old geezer could want in a cell phone.. :)

I've been using an older model Motorola Tracfone for years and been happy with it, but I decided to check to see if anything newer was available on Tracfone's website.  I saw this model for around 60 bucks, and it offered so much more than my old phone.  I decided to check on Amazon to see if I could find a better price and found it for only 32 dollars!  This white one was 8 dollars cheaper than the black colored model, which was still only 40 dollars.  Since I was going to put a silicon type case around it anyway, the color didn't matter.  So I bought the cheaper white one, and for 7 dollars more added the pretty case.When I received it a couple of days later I attempted to use Tracfone's website to transfer the minutes and service time from my old phone.  After entering all the information, the &#34;Is this ok&#34; final screen showed that it was only going to transfer 1100 of my 3300 minutes.  Good thing I read it completely and didn't answer ok.  So then I used my old phone to call them.  By using their phone tree system to transfer service I didn't have to enter any information other than just the S/N of my new phone.  I guess they got the information they needed right off of the old phone I was calling with.  Just a short time later 'all' my minutes and service time was transferred over to the new phone.NOTE--You have to completely turn off the new phone to activate it after the old one says &#34;No Service&#34;.  Just pressing the off button leaves it in standby mode, which isn't really turned off.  I had to press and hold the off button until it turned off completely, and then it activated when I turned it back on.I really like that it can connect to the web via Wi-Fi.  I've been able to download lots of ringtones for it without using even one of my minutes.  Triple minutes for life is pretty nice too!I've read that it's really just a dumb phone because it only runs Tracfone apps, but it's plenty smart enough for me.  I couldn't be happier with it, thus the 5 star rating.

After researching all the more expensive Trac phones on the Tracfone website, I decided to go with this LG model 840G and I have been totally pleased. The quality of the build, clarity of the calls, all the features including WiFi, MP3 player, touch control, range of calling area -have all made me thrilled that I bought this phone for $20 cheaper than the Tracfone Website.

Best of the Tracfones, but I have been spoiled using Apple products.  The price is right, so I will be keeping the phone, but note that the LG 840G is junk in comparison to an iPhone...*  WiFi only works if you configure your router such that its SSID is always visible, which is an unacceptable security risk IMO.*  I couldn't sign in to any of my email accounts, as the LG phone claimed that they were invalid.  Others on the web were able to log in after changing their passwords to all lowercase, which is another unacceptable security risk.*  Screen resolution is horrible, really unsuitable for any web browsing.*  The plastic screen is easily scratchable.*  Documentation is terrible.  Not useful at all when something doesn't work.*  QWERTY keypad is available only on limited screens, such as when sending IM's.  A notepad is good, but who wants to hit the 9 key 3 times to get to a "y", etc.When upgrading Tracfones, note that SIM cards can't be moved between Tracfones to copy contacts.  Contacts can be moved to the new phone by copying a "vcf" file onto the included 2GB micro SD card (ideally a "vcf" file containing all of your contacts, versus one contact per file), and then browsing to this file using the primitive file browser on the LG840G.  When you click on the name of the "vcf" file, all of the contacts in the file will be added to the LG840G's contact list.  Supposedly contacts could also be transferred using bluetooth.

This is a good starter phone for my new tracfone service.  I have several tracfones and I think this is my favorite now.  I am still learning to use it though!

Love the phone but it did not work at my cottage in a remote area in northern Wisconsin. Apparently this phone is &#34;activated&#34; to ATT and did not seem to roam at all at the cottage. I ordered an LG505C which I do not like as well but it is activated to Verizon and roams it the cottage nicely.

I purchased this phone as an upgrade from a basic tracfone. I am not into paying $90/month for a smartphone. This arrived in the mail and when I tried to activate it, it would not work. I had to call tracfone, where I received poor customer service, and a new phone came a month later. When I tried one last time to activate this cell phone, I put a different area code and tried it then. It worked fine, I did in fact get signal at my home, but I was given a bad phone number. The tracfone automated system is very poor in customer satisfaction, and if you have any issues, good luck contacting someone who isn't just reading off a script, and could care less about if you are happy. I now have two phones, and the replacement was even worse than this. Beware before buying this phone unless you live in a urban or fairly suburban area. When the phone did work, however, the keyboard was very small on screen, and there was no auto correct, half of the times I could not even get it sideways, I was punching on screen numeric keys corresponding to letters. There is no automatic orientation. And data is absurdly expensive, even on the limited tracfone browser, posting a picture to Facebook uses 8 minutes! I basically scrapped the phone for the memory card and recycled it, I could not return it despite Amazon's &#34;guarantee&#34; The camera was good, though. This experience was an overall disappointment.

The phone is excellent and the price was very good. It's been very good and very easy to use. Just an excellent buy.

The phone itself is great for the price.  My rating would have been higher but I don't get service in my area.

This is not an iPhone, Android, or Blackberry on any level.  It is a very functional phone with good sound quality.I have problems hearing a friend of mine when he calls me on his iPhone.  I think it is the way he holds the phone between his cheek and shoulder so that his hands are free.  It makes his voice sound garbled.This LG 840G seems to sound great no matter how you hold it.  When my wife uses it, it always sounds clear.  We're not into texting each other which means that actual audio clarity is important to us.The battery life seems great on this phone.  She gets about 6 to 8 days before needing a charge.  She doesn't use it a lot and that's where Tracfone saves us a bunch of money with their prepay setup.The screen resolution is pretty coarse but it is easy to read and navigate the menus.  It is a nice size for holding and doesn't seem overly large in the hand.My wife is happy and that makes me very happy.

Everything worked except being able to get my e-mail.  Even took it to my internet provider and they could not get it to work.  I purchased 3 of these LG-840's and only one worked.  The only thing I could do is transfer my minutes to another TRACFONE.  Even contacted them and they could not get it to work.  I finally gave up and keep it as a MP-3 player.  The one that works....great.  Would I recommend....NO.

Purchased for my 12 year old. I want her to have a phone for safety but am not ready to put her on my Verizon plan. This phone was a good compromise. She has been pleased with it. It's not advanced by any means, but its a little &#34;fancier&#34; than a simple flip phone.

I am not very satisfied with the product. There is a lot of static in the phone when you make calls, it drops calls all the time. I think I am going to switch back to my old phone.. Also, I still have never received the accessory kit I was suppose to get with it.

Please don't buy a TracFone. The adds are misleading and if you buy something by mistake they won't give you a refund. I bought the 800 minutes card to go with this phone for $120. The phone says it will triple all minutes added. They would not triple the 800 minutes. For $160 I could have bought 1000 minutes that would have been tripled so it would really be stupid to buy 400 minutes for $120 wouldn't it. But that's really the whole point of this deal. It's to confuse the consumer and rip them off. I complained and they tell me that I really only bought 400 minutes and that was doubled to 800. They won't even upgrade to the 1000 minutes. Save yourself and and avoid tracfone altogether!

I upgraded from the LG500 tracfone, which I liked but it only had double minutes for life. I wanted a triple-minutes-for-life phone to save money and I wanted one with a larger screen. I considered (and have already purchased) the Samsung 390G model that gets WiFi (my husband and son have that model and like it), but I thought I'd try this one because the price was so good and I'd read some great reviews. Also, I've had excellent results with LG phones' sound quality. (I liked that this is the first tracfone to come in white, too.)I have always preferred the button phones for texting, like the Samsung 390G and LG500, so I was a bit hesitant getting one with a virtual keyboard. But I found that texting is much easier than I had thought on this phone. And the WiFi hookup was super easy.I discovered an easy, step-by-step online tutorial from Net10 that I used to learn about this model phone. (Here's the link: [...] It's very easy to follow.Overall, I'm very pleased with this phone. I picked up WiFi within seconds at home and at a public hotspot yesterday, as well.Oh, and switching my number over from the old phone went smoothly, without a hitch, and was accomplished within minutes.If you're not looking for iPhone quality at the iPhone price, I'd suggest getting this phone. It's a straightforward phone with some nice extras.

I really like this phone because it looks nice and thin so you can put it anywhere.Very easy to type for texing, easy to check other things and go to web, and comes with triple minutes.I love this phone!

works great wife loves it, great pricejhn

i love this phone, great everything, we have 3 of them, for our family.easy to use, nice weight to hold, lots of choices as far as covers for it.

It's a phone.  That's what I wanted.  I also wanted to be able to transfer audio CDs to the SD card that it will accept.  It does that well.  But trying to figure how to access my e-mail and how to operate the Bluetooth function has been a total failure.  LG tech support as well as tech support from the company that makes my Bluetooth dongle have been worthless.  I even tried to have the phone's Bluetooth ap recognized by other computers and the Bluetooth ap in my new Ford Escape, but without success.So, if you want the Bluetooth function to work and try to access your e-mail on this phone, you had better find an alternative.

New phone has many current features my nephews are paying 120.00 a month for!Love the pay as you go with triple minutes, blue tooth easy to install in the car!  Sorry I didn't buy one sooner.

at first the phone did not work correctly.  I could not send text msg.  I was very frustrated. So i called TracFone customer service.  It took a while but we got it fixed and now I love the phone.  It takes good pictures.  That was one of the main reasons I bought this phone.  The phone is heavy and with the jelly case, it is very easy to use and rest on surfaces.  I have had tracfones for years and highly recommend them.

had 2 phones 1st was shared plan(I only use a phone for where,when and how.not long chit chat). was paying biggest company 60$ a month 25$ was my share. when I cancelled I really had over 3k mins left. I'll never use them up and still pay monthly, Not! but I also had a older tracfone bought 9/12 and when I switch to this one 6/13 still had 240 plus mins,orig phone came with 1400mins plus triple plan and never bought mins till I upgraded to the Lg840g.great deal. make sure you get wifi able.

It's the prettiest phone I've ever had, and a nice upgrade from the lg800g.  It feels very solid compared to other Tracfones I've had.  The touchscreen is much easier to use than lg800g's. There were no problems connecting to my home Wi-fi, and the customizable features are nice--size of numbers, etc.  The reception is strong here, and the sound quality is very good.  As everyone has said, it's no smartphone, but it suits my needs for talking and texting.

These phones are really good. The only reason they got a rating of 4 stars is because of the keyboard.

I purchased this Tracfone because I wanted a simple, uncomplicated phone to use for my basic needs.  I just make phone calls and rarely send text messages.  This phone is very user friendly and affordable.  It has Bluetooth and can be paired with the handsfree driving mode in my car.  I like the white color of the phone because so many phones come in black.  I paid about $29 for this phone around the Christmas 2013 holiday.  I purchased the black phone for my son.  We both love our phones.

Nice phone for the money.  I purchased it for my son, who uses it mostly to text people.  It ends up being about .08 cents a minute[...]

Great deal& great service,thank you everyone, this is a good little phone that has triple minutes i really do like it,try to save money* plus the kids don't call they text,so much for texting,just call me if you need me,how life is always going around& around* like the world does,OK bye have fun it is a good cell,not a android,old cell phone internet,but its OK,I have lots of time at home,bye

Very pleased with this phone.  Getting used to the touch screen. I like the features better than the last phone I had.

Works as described and the price is right!  I like the white color - much easier to find when it slips down between car seats and sofa cushions.

Got it for my 11-year old daughter and she loves it. It's very light but cool. Would recommend it to every one.

I like the phone. I seem to have figured out how to bypass some quirks. One quirk is called id wont show up on calls or texts unless the persons entered into your phone with less than 10 characters.  Doesn't get as good of a signal as my last lg slider tracfone... huge disappointment, that's why its a 4 star. All other Lg's have great reception. Touch screen works well, and I was able to figure out how to use it well through online forums and other helpful things as utube.

This phone is a great value for a touch screen. Also purchased a one year of service card for less than $99.00 with triple minutes. Compared to other carriers what a great deal.

Did not come with activation card and service is terrible.  Tried numerous times to get help in activating phone and was not able to do so.

This. Was for my nephew and he was very happy with it.we all have the same phone and have no complaints. Would recommend this phone for anyone  who doesn't want high cell phone bills.

I love my new LG 840G prepaid phone! It is easy to use and wasn't hard to figure out from the instructions. . I've used various tracfones for over 7 years and this is the best one yet! I would recommend it to anyone. I especially like that it is a prepaid phone. I use it for business and personal and I can budget my money. Thank you Amazon!

I do like this phone, but find that small amounts of minutes are deducted throughout the day. I called TracPhone and was told that the correct amount of time is being deducted, but they would not tell me if there is something I can turn off to make this stop.Something went wrong when transfering my old numder and I was given a new number.  Unfortunately, the person who had this number is still getting calls and texts at this number and there is no way to block calls or texts.  Very frustrating.

Bought the tracfone with the understanding that I would be allowed international calls.  After spending over 2 days on the phone (and they didn't reimburse me the minutes)  I still had no international calling.  In fact, was told that I would have to buy another tracfone just to be able to have them check on the current phone's issues.  Customer service was lousy and vindictive.  In short, no phone, no long-distance.  Eventually bought a different service.

Has a nice weight, feels great in the hand, very responsive. Plus, Triple minutes for life, you can't beat that!

I have been a fan of Net 10 and Tracfone phones for years!  Very affordable!  I love this new model and just bought a black one for my hubby.  Easy to use and looks more stylish!!!

This is the worst thing i have ever bought. The phone is supposed to be wifi capable but when you are on wifi it takes away from your minutes so I called &#34;customer service&#34; and it was the worst thing ever. The email was taking minutes again even though on wifi and after 2 hours a representative, a supervisor and a manager who was smart with me the phone still is not working properly. This was my second call to customer service and the first one took me two hours for them  to fix it just for it to break again. Junery ceb1juybanez the manager and vivian 41429 the supervisor are totally incompetent at their jobs and the phone is garbage it does not work  as it is supposed to so beware and save your self trouble and headache with the phone i am returning it tomorrow.

Call quality is great, easy to use and very easy to set up. I had 0 problems transferring my current minutes over to the phone and did not even have to speak to a person. I would definitely recommend this phone to others.

I've tried to include tidbits of all kinds of useful info if you are considering buying this fun little bargain of a non-smart phone that actually has wifi AND video! Its not perfect- its got some issues, but most can be worked around.Basics: The phone arrived on time and I had absolutely no problem activating it via the tracfone website which I highly recommend using.  Also be sure to google tracfone "free minutes", as there are some promos that are regularly offered by tracfone to supplement the airtime you will be buying.  I bookmarked the pages with these codes because it appears they are always available.(Short background) This review is coming from someone who has owned quite a few cell phones for both business and private use and I've bought some as gifts.  I needed a couple backup phones in my household and I recently picked up one of these for myself (two more as gifts) and also an LG 505c tracfone.  I run my household from my no-contract Samsung Galaxy S2 from Virgin Mobile (love VM-been with them for years) and before that a Blackberry- justifying the cost by cancelling my landline.  I have a great many good things to say about this phone but it could never be my one and only phone.  Some reasons I've listed below.Aesthetics:  It does NOT look and feel like a cheap phone.  Its very solid, nice looking, slim enough and has a good combination of gloss and texture.  A relative actually picked it up accidentally to leave my house then realized it wasn't hers: she owns a white i-phone.Functions: Yes, you can look at your e-mail from it - the built-in widget proved very unreliable though, repeatedly telling me it failed to send my email, even with wifi on- and it outright ignored attachments--but at the exact same time, when I logged into the same e-mail from the browser on the phone, it sent just fine and I was able to open the attachments when logging into email from the browser.  What I was not able to do at ALL so far is send a photo or video from e-mail.  The phone has the capacity to do so, but with no explanation reads it has "failed" to send and that I should try again.  Using the browser numerical keypad is annoying- so you can save your e-mail login page as a "saved page" and just enter your user name or password to look at your mail.  But then good luck replying to any e-mail with that crazy keypad.  Perhaps there is a cut and paste solution if you must use this tiny phone to write emails.  There is a qwerty via the phones built in e-mail "app" but like I said, it often just doesn't feel like sending mail and sending-receiving from the phone's browser via wifi ALWAYS worked.  Opera mini is unreasonably small to type out emails on unless you know how to make a stylus out of a toothpick and the right kind of rubber.  I tried the tip of a rubber band (ha ha ha) and it didn't work.  And there is absolutely no security on this phone.  There isn't even a lock code so you can leave it laying on your desk charging etc.  There is 'one' lock function if you are in a pinch - but it requires you to reset it every single time your screen goes dark - which is ridiculous.  Also -it doesn't really work- press enough buttons and the "lock" just mysteriously goes away- weird.  Just the prospect of throwing it in my purse or pocket without a lock code makes me nervous I might automatically dial someone. (See my solution* below).  Is this a tracfone ploy to squeeze out more minutes?  I don't know, but my extra bargain phones of the past had codes, oh and notification lights!  There isn't one of those either.Bottom line: seriously, for 29 bucks- this phone is pretty amazing.  I think its the only bargain phone I know of that lets you surf wifi - no, there is no real app store, that's true - but having wifi opens up a lot of possibilities - and you can always pick up a "Kyocera Event" from Virgin Mobile for $40 bucks )don't activate it and do your mobile banking-do voice activated browsing-goof off at the play store with Ice Cream Sandwich 4.1 to your hearts content - watch hulu and netflix, almost everything--without getting involved in data plan pricing--anyway back to this little gem.People say I sound "fine" but a just little more tinny than my regular cell.  And I have to say I'm impressed with the MP3 player- it sounded better than I expected (album art gets transferred as well as the music, it sorts by album, artist, song and makes playlists: no equalizer) and the video camera and camera aren't all that bad either.  Yes, they are low MP, and they will get grainier when you view the videos from a larger screen on a computer, but connecting this phone to my laptop via standard micro usb and sharing music, photos and videos was a snap (nothing funky there) and the outdoor movies I took in daylight looked pretty good -indoor photos: sorta okay during day, grainy in the evening.  There is no flash, of course, but just having that video camera in your pocket is so much better than nothing.  The pics and video are completely comparable to an average Blackberry experience.  Not too great- but in a pinch, nice to have. And you get both color and black and white which is nice-sepia too.  You can increase the brightness while taking a video or picture to compensate a bit for the lack of flash when indoors.  The images opened well with Quicktime, if that helps anyone out there.Yes, you can load a micro sd card into this phone ( I think its up to 32G) so it pays for itself several times over just as a reasonably sized MP3 player- you have to take off the back of the phone-its under the battery -but that's easy enough. It comes with a 2G card.Texting is pleasant enough on this phone since that is one of the few functions where the phone provides a touch qwerty.  Its a comfy sized qwerty - not too small or too big either.  But if you are a heavy texter, just know that for some reason the designers decided to use pretty large lettering overall, and so you can only see the titles- of THREE texts before needing to scroll down in your inbox.  The LG 505c, for example, is an even smaller phone but you can see much more info on one screen. There is no threaded texting.  Again, not practical for someone who has several contacts they text daily- although you CAN sort texts by contact once opened- so there's that.Yes, you can watch a teeny little screen of Youtube on this phone.  It is SMALL- like ONE INCH SQUARE! but it works, and fairly well, and its loud enough and clear enough )for example) for two people seated on a couch to giggle over funny videos.  I only tried it via wifi by the way.  And because this is not a smart phone and has no apps running etc. navigation around the web on wifi is pretty darn fast- which is really unusual on a cheap phone-actually it can be unusual on more expensive phones too.  Its not a really weird looking or dated mobile browser either. But again, it can't render all the pages - IE you can't actually look at HULU.  But you can do Google searches to find the info you need while out and about and you can use the web to check e-mails from several sources for example- which allows you to erase the browsing history and keep your e-mail private.Battery life is good- then again I'm used to battery hog phones so I'm biased.The screens are a little cartoonish - for the price, who cares, but while I'm reviewing it I might as well say - the icons are set on a baby blue background- which makes it easy to see, but it isn't exactly slick.  The LG 505c I ordered (also a serious bargain here on Amazon- refurbished)  has nice, black screens and classier icons - reminiscent of Android smartphones-but no wifi. Also the lettering is rather pixelated compared to the LG 505c which has really crisply defined print- this LG 840g has grainier lettering both on the screens and on the browser- the browser fonts remind me of the Blackberry browser I had several years ago if you are familiar with those.I installed "Opera Mini" but the keyboard is SO MICROscopic that I think even a stylus would keep hitting the wrong letters.  That's one of the only real bummers about this phone- the weird numeric touch keypad for certain web functions instead of a qwerty.  Very odd. Browsing can be time consuming unless you have your favorite-frequently used pages saved.One thing I highly recommend is before you click on "browser" on this particular phone, get in the habit of clicking on "wifi" first to see that you are still connected.  I go a step further and slide the wifi onto "off" for a few seconds and then onto "on" and on more than one occasion, the phone said it could not connect (I reset my router and that resolved it).  If the phone loses the connection to wifi for whatever reason, you WILL get charged for accessing the web- even if you quickly press buttons to exit.Also- you can e-mail yourself wallpapers from a PC or a cool wallpapers app from a friend's android (or family photos etc.) to put on this phone for free.  And no, you can't stream Pandora, but with Wifi, you can at least play songs and playlists and entertainment from Youtube for free - the headphone jack can plug into any stereo system with a 5 dollar audio cord purchase.Also- I bought these as gift for two people who have cars old enough to have cassette players above the cd players.  If your car has either this, or a jack for an MP3- this will turn your LG 840g into a car-wide stereo speakerphone controlled by your car's volume so that is really nice.  You just need to buy the little cassette tape converter (amazon sells them for 8 bucks and up I think).  You can listen to music via MP3 and answer the phone if it rings with the press of a button as the music goes off automatically.  Very nice and safe feature that works with most phones with mp3s.One odd surprise was the stock clock alarm- - instead of beeping it has this soothing morning mixture of birds chirping etc.- and whimsical graphics--though you can choose other sounds of course.There's a reasonable selection of pleasant ring tones- several I would describe as "classy."inadvertent call solution:  *So I bought a squishy cover, under which I hid a thick slice of a wooden teriyaki stick on either side of the screen-on button at the top so you really have to dig your finger in to activate the touch screen- its working to prevent inadvertent calling so far.Well I hope that helps some of you out there considering this phone.  Remember- you can always buy an Android and not activate it if you want lots of access to apps or way better pocket-sized access to email - but this is the only phone I've come across that can offer talk, text, camera, and touch screen combined with video and wifi all on the same device for under $10 a month.  Its really a unique offering.

DEPEND ON THE PERSON.MAY BE HELPFUL AND PRACTICAL TO OTHERS.IT CAN DO THE WORK WELL WITH MORE FEATURES.

My husband has one too, we both enjoy the photo options.  The phone is easy to use.  The Tracfone customer service will take patience.

Overall I like the phone. I have had Tracfones for several years. This phone does more than the others I have had. The down side is at times when using and you need to enter a number on the dial pad to reach an extension for example, the screen will go black. Move the phone around and the screen lights up long enough to punch in one number, and the process starts over again. Not sure why it does it, but that is the frustrating part of the phone. Otherwise a good phone for not much money.

This was a replacement for the old one that went into the washing machine (not recommended action) this phone came on time and does a good job

Pretty phone, good functionality for the money. Arrived fast and easy to use and set up. Great buy for the money and love the thrills minutes.

Love it! The white is cheaper then the black. SAME phone so color didn't matter to me. LOVE surfing the net and not using my minutes.  So GLAD I upgrade to a newer phone, have use a old tracfone for years.

I purchased this as a second phone for renting an apartment.  Cheap to use but it has bluetooth and is feature loaded.  Great for the buck

First, i am not a fone expert.I love this fone! I have never needed a smart fone. I just need one to talk on, but I wanted triple minutes. I bought this for that reason only. The fact that you can connect and surf in a hotspot without waiting minutes is wonderful! And for music, it sounds rather good! 3g speed is nto so bad, but usually I am on a hotspot. Low megapixel camera does OK.Basically, if you love the trackfone way and want a triple minute phone with some basic goodies, this is a good bet!

we bought this phone for 25 dollars on amazon. not a phone for using apps on.had ours for aboat 6 months.upgraded to the lg optimus dynamic for 25 dollars from tracphone.a real android with limited storage for apps. shop around. dont  spend big money for this phone.

To give Tracphone credit, the triple minutes were honored - 3 x 400 = 1200 minutes for $ 108, good for one year, but I had to call the customer service and it took about 25 minutes.They also gave me credit of 700 minutes and transferred my old number from an older Tracphone.  That took a few days and some computer work, not for the faint-hearted.As a phone this deserves 2-3 stars the most.  Voice quality is OK but I need to use the speaker phone to hear because it's not loud enough.There is a feature called International Calling for no extra charge.  First I need to dial an 800 number, wait for the prompt, for English press 1, then enter the long-long international phone #.  If I slow down for 2 seconds it hangs up and I need to restart again.  Very poor setup.  There are ways on the website to pre-program the international numbers, but it wouldn't recognize the serial number or the IME number, so I couldn't set this up.  I think they offer it as a gimmick, but they don't want that we use it.For anyone planning  to use this for e mail or Internet, here is my take: &#34;YOU MUST BE KIDDING.&#34;This is not a smartphone. It's great to keep in the car for emergency use, for calling someone while on vacation, but if you depend on your phone and use it a lot, look elsewhere.  Text and numbers input is clumsy, you'll need a password to listen to voice mail, the screen goes dark after 60 seconds and you will be poking around a dark phone to get the speaker phone back, and so fort.I can live with it because we don't like cell phones much, but again, for a heavy user, this isn't a good choice.

So far I just love my new phone!!!  I used to have the LG800 and this one is way better!!  For one thing I can turn off the sound and my texts won't even make a noise (something my other phone always did).  Very happy!!!

my son likes his new phone but the only thing he doe's not like is he can get youtube and other things to get music

except for no service in one area, a tracphone limitation, this is a great phone.  works as advertised.  easy to use.

Nationwide Cell Phone Service For around $8 a month, is just hard to beat.. Use ATT/T-Mobil cell phone towers.. Great for Kids and Retirees.. Also makes a Great backup Phone..

I received my new phone in a very timely manner. The package that it came in was in excellent shape, with plenty of material in it to protect the phone from bumps or damage. It has met and exceeded all of my expectations. I love using it. I am not very &#34;modern phone&#34; savvy, but the icons are really easy to use. I suggest this phone to anyone who wants a really nice phone with lots of apps and gadgets that is very user friendly.

This is a good starter phone that would have any rug-rat convinced they can mimic Mom on her iPhone.There are a lot of reports about the 840's problematic Wi-Fi provision, and I am somewhat disappointed that mine also arrived with that same defect.I had more plans for this little phone that is just one step short of being an Android, and certainly the many comments and YouTube videos tell a different story of success for the many avid enthusiasts happily using this phone.But attempts to upgrade my old Tracfone began a chain of problems that finalized with a realization that its Wi-Fi would not be working for me, and ironically any further attempt to return this phone would result in a loss of remaining service time. Tracfone has more control over their phones than what they would readily reveal, but it's hardly worth the time involved in getting everything corrected when I would never consider using it in place of an Android anyway.  The 840's Web browser is very basic.LG also made an attempt to provide a suitable clipboard memory in this 840, but unfortunately that fell short of expectations as well, so it's one and only success remains in its Bluetooth provision that received some improvement over its LG800G predecessor. Bluetooth remains as its one shining ability other than being a truly reliable text/voice phone that is made even less costly by allowing triple minutes.We can hope that the successor of this phone will be better provisioned and include reliable components, so if not yet decided about this phone, then I would suggest passing this one up for now in favor of the much more extensive and rewarding abilities provided in a variety of other smartphones that sell for about the same price as this mere toy.UPDATE:  July 29, 2013I made corrections above regarding this smartphone and should also state that a fair appraisal of this little phone would also include some features I neglected to cover previously. In fact it has a couple more rather welcome and significant improvements over its LG800G predecessor, the first being its ability to be connected to a PC as a mass storage device. This allows data files, videos, music, pics, etc. to be copied or moved from your PC directly to the phone's internal memory so they can be viewed, played, or sent by this phone. Secondly, it shows a superb ability to play recorded movies or video and sound podcasts and mp3 music. Videos must be converted first and conform to sizing specifications, and the directions for doing all of this can be found with a search of the Web.

Great price, but not a smart phone. Its Java based. Had to switch from Verison to ATT as a carrier. Android would be way better.

Just the phone I needed for minor texting & talking. I like it so much I bought one each of my 2 daughters. Triple minutes make it probably the best or one of the best deals for pay as you go phones.

Works flawlessly and is very easy to set-up for your particular needs and usage.  I liked it so much that I bought one for my wife also.

My dauther love the phone.but it is very slow on internet and other things but its a nice phone for her.

I am enjoying the LG 840G Tracfone. One problem though. When I tried to register the phone with my Tracfone account, there was an error stating that the serial number was registered to another account. How can that be if it was a new phone?

. IT'S. NOT WHAT I. EXPECTED. I. THOUGHT. IT. WAS. UNLIMITED. BUT ITS. NOT. I. DO WANT TO SEND IT. BACK.

Touch screen works well. Have good reception. No problem with dropped calls. Good coverage. Have Tracfone for inexpensive calling and texting. Browsing available but very expensive. I do my surfing at home with the pc and save a ton by not doing it on the phone. Costs me less than $10/month with the Tracfone.

I have been a tracfone customer for 10+ years. I have 3 phones with them, one for my daughter, one for my son. I've always had great reception, but the LG 840G doesn't have but a 1/2 of a bar, always roaming, cannot complete calls or texts. Switching back to my old slider phone :(

Nice phone for what I use it for a phone it is not a smart phone but I do not need that. I can use it as a mp3 player in my jeep with the 3.5 mm jacks which I like, only thing I don't like is the speaker phone it is hard to hear  besides that it works well..

Much has already been written in other reviews here, so I'm mainly adding agreements(1) In the TracFone lineup, this is one of the best choices in the $30-75 range - maybe more than that.(2) I really dislike the text pad. I have big hands and fingers and it takes 1.5X as many keystrokes to enter a text message. It's bad in the numeric mode, and even worse in the &#34;full&#34; text version. Worse than a nuisance.  I would probably have been happier with a slideout model.(3) This is a Java phone for those who know what that is.(4) When I used the CSV import, it didn't go well. Most of the imports ended up with no name. A lot of the data was ingested, but it didn't line up well with the contact fields used in the phone. (I was importing maybe 600 contacts from a 3 year old Droid)(5) Indeed, in wifi mode, you can browse without using minutes, though the built-in browser is a far cry from Opera Mini. You can put Opera Mini on this thing, but it's a significant effort.(6) 3G performance in our 3G-only neighborhood is just fine (via AT&T; in this case) - but YMMV.(7) I like how it handles text messages. You can ignore them; you only pay when you read one.(8) Use only for emergency browsing, otherwise the $ you're saving over a good voice/data plan like the one we have with Sprint for our smart phones will be sacrificed to pay for data transfers. TracFone IMHO hasn't figured out how to compete with the &#34;full&#34; plans from the majors with smartphones -- even at the low end. When they do, I'll be one of the first to try it, but not with an old version of the Droid OS.(9) It's sturdy and quite slim compared to my old Galaxy; easy to keep in a pocket now without bulging rudely.(10) I will eventually wish it did 4G, as 4G is all around us in other 'burbs and Manhattan.(11) I was tempted by the new low end TracFone Droid, but my guess is that that choice will present an awkward combination for the pay-as-you-go ethic of a TracFone. A smartphone wants to connect to servers, even when you don't want it to, and you'll be paying for that.(12) I did add these accessories: USB charger/adapter cable (LG makes their own silly form factor - Shame on you!), a spare battery, a few extra covers, memory card (max that puppy out), and a plastic slip-on case. These were all from Amazon, and all recommended in other posts here.The true cost of the phone includes that &#34;tail&#34; of needed accessories.(13) I haven't tried using it for music playback yet, but the card allows you to put quite a lot on it.Conclusion: You can afford to lose or upgrade this phone without agonizing over the decision.

this is awesome it was nice to get this double the mnutes to so just thanks so much for the great deal

Still learning the basic functioning of the phone.  As some have reviewed, it's not as sophisticated as more expensive phones, but I got the wi-fi to work and entered all my contacts from my old phone.  And I love the bigger screen - especially when using the wi-fi function.

I bought one for myself and my daughter and we both love how easy it is to use and finding cases for it are just as easy! Love the fact that the phone has triple minutes for life!

Good phone for someone who uses their phone as a phone: Calling, texting, and occasionally using internet. Triple minutes make this a very inexpensive way to go if you are looking to save some money.  I will be getting one for my husband as well.This will cost us about $16 a month for both of us if we do the monthly plan! My teens spend way too much time on the phone so need something with unlimited text for them.Two minor complaints: The display is not high definition. You can see the pixels on the screen. Not a big deal for me, but it is the only thing about the phone that makes it look cheap. The phone looks really nice and sleek so display quality was a bit of a disappointment.The other thing is the browser that comes with it, does not give you a keyboard to type. Seriously? Multitapping a keypad like a phone from 1995? Weird because it gives you a keyboard to text. Downloaded mini opera browser so I have a keyboard. Internet is slow  but I don't use my phone to surf the net. Occasional Facebook update or looking up a restaurant address while out and about it all I need internet for on my phone.

I chose a 'touch screen&#34; phone because most, if not all, of the cell phones on the market today are for people with tiny, tiny fingers and the keyboard is very hard to read at times.  This cell phone has been a pleasure to use because it is very easy to navigate. It only takes seconds to download whatever it is you want to do. I really recommend this cell phone for people who are not that knowledgeable about cell phones (seniors, children, etc.).

I have used this phone now for a couple of months now.. I am really happy with it except for the internet connection is not what I was expecting and the query keyboard is the worst option.  I give the seller 5 stars for delivery and shipping..

I purchased this phone for my daughter and it's great.  She loves tat it's touch screen and that it's similar to the contracted smart phones.  The major plus is that each time you add minutes you get triple what you pay for.  So this is a money saver for us.

I just bought this Tracfone and went through the activation process, first through the online service but it wouldn't transfer my 1846 minutes over from my old Tracfone so I called a representative and transfered that way. All went well until my new LG was activated a few minutes later, after I hung up. Then I discovered that only 860 minutes had transfered over. I called back ( each person I spoke with had a foreign accent, as usual now a days ) but they had only 400 minutes credited from my old phone and 400 for the new phone + 60 minutes (?) So I lost 1000 minutes!!I've been a Tracfone user for 15+ years and never had such a thing happen before. I doubt I'll be using them after my 860 minutes are up.Thanks, Tracfone, you made my day ! (NOT !!!) Only giving two stars because the phone works fine, so far.A history of the company just FYI:[...]Corporate HeadquartersLago Alberto 245Mexico City, Districto Federal Mexico 11529MexicoPhone: 52 55 2581 4449Fax: 52 55 2581 4422

This phone is so easy to use.  I love the touch screen.  Also, for texting, if you turn the phone sideways and pick the option, you will get a regular keyboard which is so much faster than using the number keys.  It takes great pictures.  I like the white color too.  I got a purple jelly case for it so it is really distinctive and doesn't look like everyone else's phone.  I don't find the web browser to be very useful.  It defaults to the tracphone website as the home page and I don't see an option to change that.  It eats up the minutes while you change to google before you can do a search for what you need.  In a pinch, you could probably look something up with it or check the weather or sports scores, but I wouldn't buy it for its web browser capabilities.

Very compact, several days of battery life. Often calls get answered when grabbing the device and pinching the screen. This invariably taps the receive call button. Oh well, will have to learn to grab it out of my pocket by holding the sides. It's very thin, like 3/8 inch thick. I like this phone a lot. It has extensive alarm features, I use those a lot. Texting keyboard it great, but for some reason a standard number keypad pops up when entering contacts (?). Also camera is great, and sending pictures is easy. Came with 2gb micro sd card.

If you use TracFone, then you are a cheapskate.  Welcome to the late 20th century, cheapskate.  This unit looks like a smartphone, but it isn't.  But it is the smartest dumb phone ever offered by TracFone.  You should buy it, if only for the triple minutes for the life of the phone.  At $35, this phone will pay for itself at 7 cents per minute instead of the 10 cents per minute which is the best airtime rate previously available on TracFone, which required a &#34;double minutes&#34; phone.  The LG840g sports a music player which plays mp3 and m4a (AAC) file formats, you can check your email (rudimentary graphics) & send emails.  Hook up to WiFi to use the browser (rudimentary) and email functions for free, but note:  YOU CANNOT USE VOIP TO MAKE FREE PHONE CALLS using the WiFi.  This fone may be slightly dumber than it looks, but TracFone isn't!  The memory upgrades to 32 GB with a micro-SD card.

my god, why is it so hard to just get a decent phone for cheap, and not to get screwed by tracfone?i've had this phone about a day now, i upgraded from my samsung s390g blackberry type phone which had numerous problems but had fantastic call clarity (you can read my detailed review). this lg has the same problem as my last cheap lg tracfone fliphone which i used for two years, the call quality is crap especially cell to cell and more especially when calling to and iphone. its really frustrating especially since this phone is so nice looking and the touchscreen and menus are very awesome. im just glad i didn't pay 60 dollars for this phone at walmart because im probabally going to have to buy another samsung. im gonna try it out a bit longer but im pretty sure the call quality is crap especially since i have to talk to my boss who uses a company iphone.another big problem which i read in another review before i bought it is that this phone unlocks itself automatically  on an incoming call. if the phone is in your pocket facing your leg it will easily reject or answer the call, really stupid feature, rejected two calls from my boss already today while pulling it out of my pocket. i may try facing it out from my leg and see if that works any better, really annoying.another thing is trafone screwed me again and didn't transfer my minutes over to my new phone as it is supposed to. i guess ill have to spend another hour and a half on the phone to tech support for the seventh time this month, which they probabally won't get fixed for four weeks three deactivations and four sim cards later (read my other review). i might be better off to just buy more minutes than suffer the ordeal of tech support.good luck fellow cell phone users who just want a simple working phone to make some calls and a few texts without paying out the ass.

I loved the Phone. But when I went to get it activated, was told it was not programed for my area and Trac Phone sent me a totally different type, flip phone instead and I had to send this on to them. Not Happy at all with the whole thing. I really liked the phone and wanted one like it as a replacement.

Bought this for my wife's birthday.  She was really surprised, and after using it for a while was completely thrilled with what she could do with it.  I give myself a pat on the back for this one.

I bought this phone because I wanted a newer looking upgrade to my old flip top phone by the same brand. I already knew Tracphone and their prices for cards so I wasn't in the dark about what I was needing. I primarily use this phone for texting and it works great. Its stylish and compact. It is a bit smaller than other phones and the browser is ok when surfing the internet. It has many features higher priced phones have and this model came with triple minutes. I made a call on it and the quality was well. The camera is nice and good quality too. A great value for the price paid.

I bought this for my grandson who will soon be twelve.  It is perfect for a child with the prepaid minutes.  I bought it for security not for social calls.

Not just &#34;for the price&#34;, this is genuinely a great phone.  I love it in every way.  My wife has an iPhone, but I refuse to pay close to $80 a month to keep a phone in pocket at all times.  I worked her phone cost out and it runs about $0.49 a minute given the amount of time she uses it for voice/data/messages...so, my less than $0.10 per minute is by far the greater bargain and although it doesn't have a million apps, it works for me.  Great phone, so much better than the LG800G it replaced.

I received the LG 840 phone in 2-days after ordering.  It was easy for me to activate thru tracfone's web site.  Once activated, It was easy to set up with the particular options I wanted on my phone.  I have had it about 3-weeks and I love it.  so far, I have no problems.

Very good idea LG.  Way easier than flip phone...user friendly and simple.  Great back up phone and loaner.  Price is great too!

This was the worst Tracfone I ever purchased. Very sensitive to me touching when I take it out of my purse to answer a call. It would either hang up the call, or connect the call; just because I went to grab it to answer it. I may want to see who's calling before I answer it!  Then the phone stopped working on me. I could not receive or make calls. It would show on the screen that the call was being placed but you could not even hear the tone for ringing. So I have since purchased a tracfone smartphone. And hopefully this works for me or I'm switching to another phone carrier. I operate this phone for business purposes, and I need my phone working properly at all times.

Has everything available that we had on a more expensive phone and plenty for the use we wanted.  So far very happy with this phone.Customer service was very helpful when I had a problem with porting prev phone #.  (I didn't follow directions as stated, but Customer Service had me fixed within a short period of time.

We purchased the phone for my daughter.  The triple minutes are great.  It is small and easily fits in a pocket. The camera takes decent pictures and it takes 3 texts to equal a minute rather than 2 like many other phones.  It is easy to get used to the features and navigate around the phone.  The negatives are that the WiFi is slow and my daughter does not like having to turn her phone sideways in order to text.  Overall I would recommend this phone if one doesn't plan to use the web too much.

Manual contents somewhat sketchy (and manual a nuisance to print and read); LG web site does not recognize this model!

good for middle school kids easy to use..fun small enough to fit in any pocket shirt or pants and very simple love the triple minutes

I Chose this phone as an upgrade to my older flip tracfone.This phone has a touch screen that responds well to the touch, a large screen for the actual size of the phone . The camera takes good pictures and has plenty of edit features. The reception and voice clarity are pretty good. I am not sure it's app. capable.... i have not found any yet ! You can down load music , ringtones and games to it. The White color makes it look nice , so i put a white with black hard case on it also.So overall the phone has a lot of features that can be tweaked to your own liking.

This is a reasonably-priced, good looking phone that functions just as it should as a phone.  The touchscreen is responsive.  The triple minutes is a great bonus.The browser defaults to Tracfone site, to type in a new web address the qwerty keyboard doesn't pop up, instead it is alpha-numeric like old-school texting, which is a pain.  It does have a qwerty keyboard that appears for texting.  It would useful and more logical to have this keyboard for the browser as well.  There is another quirk.  The dial pad disappears once you dial and if you need it to, say &#34;press 1 for English&#34;, you must push another button to get the dial pad back up; an annoying, extra step.The accompanying instructions are not very detailed, many of the features must be figured out on your own.  I have only owned it a couple weeks and have not had time to do further searching on the Internet to see if perhaps more specifics of the phone are available.As a phone I would recommend it, as a tool to surf the Web, not so much.It would be nice if Tracfone would introduce a smart phone.  This isn't it.  It is &#34;just&#34; a phone.

this is a very good phone and also got one for my husband and sister to use very easy to use and look  great

It sucked I don't think the phone even worked.

Excellent phone! Just getting to learn all of it. I have to get used to the touch screen. Love the white color. I did have to call Tracfone  to have my old number transferred. No problem. Just make sure you get the triple minutes.

I loved mine so much that I got this one for my wife to replace her old one from Verizon.
