
It took a few days longer than expected, but after all it had to travel half-way around the world - besides that it's perfect not a scratch on the phone, no delivery problems, all-in-all it went smooth.

With Q10 & Z10 BlackBerry stopped to support BlackBerry mail accounts (instantemail-s), the most secure email client so far. And they are dead silent about this in their marketing & communication. I gave back my new Q10 after learning about it from the BB hotline support. They should be more open about it. Even the shop attendants would not know this. I keep using my old 9810 Torch, which still runs instantemail services.

The accessories do not work on this Q10. Most especially the charger because they are china made.  Can't use the the phone.  All scratched up around the edges.  To high for the look!

Be careful what u wish for. Ordered 100-1, recieved 100-2. So good luck. Yet cheers for the 'amazon's customer support.

the quality of black berry has deteriorated badly over the years. the finesse is gone. have taken blackberry for the security purposes don't trust google on a blackberry

It's in excellent shape! I really like it! And I can recommend other customers to do business with you! (MAC LUSHIMBA)

The phone is solid feeling but not too big. I do wish they had made the screen larger but we can not have it all. The screen is adequate. If you loved the old bb keyboard, then this will be a welcome change back from the touch screen phones. The swiping system is very easy to pick up and doesnt seem to lag. Still no skype but they are said to be testing the update and will release soon that will enable/include skype. Can get through a day of use and for me that includes a lot of texting, 100+ emails, playing music, and streaming stocks and news updates.Released in the uae prior to the release in usa :) Phone is in hand.

The main reason I'm reviewing this q10 is the hope that Blackberry is taking notice of end costumer concerns.I picked up a q10 yesterday at AT&T;, my current carrier. It is awesome ! I've owned every top tier touch screen phone available.Nokia 920, LG Optimus G pro, GS4, BB z10, HTC One, Moto Droid Razr HD maxx, and of coarse all versions of the iPhone.The Windows OS, BB10 OS, iOS are the smoothest and most intuitive I've used as far touch screens go.But nothing compares to q10 running  BB10. I can't remember a phone that just flows so perfectly when you just need to get things done. The keyboard is just a delight to use.Also I may add that the call, reception, and sound quality on this q10 is 2nd to none. I can't count the number of dropped calls with Androids and iPhones.No restarts or battery pulls like BB's of old either  I'm now on my third week of use and still have not restated this q10 with the exception of one OTA update !I can't imagine using anything else now that I have the q10, with the exception of q10 with a LARGER DISPLAY !! Yes Blackberry. are you listening? Not a 5" inch phablet, but com'n mein I know a manageable 4" inch display could be designed into the q10 !!A larger display could have been crammed into this unit when you consider how large the bezel around it is . Blackberry you have a winner BUT PLEASE BUILD A LARGER DISPLAY VERSION OF THE Q10 BECAUSE THERE IS NO SUCH THING AS ONE SIZE FITS ALL.Wouldn't mind having da LCD screen ILU the Amoled also. The battery life as it stands gets 2 days. i'd be willing to sacrifice battery life for the super bright screen like on the z10. z10 is the only current phone that completely readable display in direct sunlight.Oh, and while your at it might as well start giving app developers some tools and incentives to create more and better apps.And fix the voice command, it sucks !!Although for me this is not as big an issue as display size.Thats it, the new q10 is just awesome yet the tiny display can be a bit frustrating at times. THX

It is marked as Verizon and worked really poor, like a faked stuff.  The worse thing is I dropped it accidently, then it died immediately.

Love the new phone and was far cheaper than buying in Canada.  It hooked up to Bell Canada without an issue and all I needed to buy was a new SIM card which was $10.  It came with a Verizon symbol on it, but I don't even notice it anymore.  Great phone.

its a great smart phone with all the features required and most iof all the BB keyboard which is essential to me

Having fallen in-love with blackberry since i got the 9700 a few years ago, the Q10 is just a beauty. Best physical qwerty keyboard EVER and the OS functionality and ease of use is simply top-notch.

This is a great little phone.  I understood it to be 'unlocked' - but - when I got it in the mail - it turned out to be an AT&T; phone (complete with logo and bloat software).Kudos to Blackberry!  I love this phone!

Hard to give to much feedback on a phone, but all I can say is it was a good buy. Got the phone on time, and haven't had a problem since.

I recommend this product for people accustomed to touch screen devices.For those used to BB with a keyboard and trackpad, it becomes very difficult the change. The first day was a very traumatic change. You will feel really lost. Especially when you get accustomed with the BB9900 for a long time.I think BB must improve OS10 to get more productivity. I've lost operation speed doing common tasks, like making a call, accesing to voice command, switching between diferent chats, selecting, copy, pasting a text, etc.UPDATE:I must recognize that BB are making a big effort to improve the BB OS10 everyday, and I like the results.After using the phone for a while, I start to love it!OS10.2 is a great improvement and the posibility to run of Android Apps is an excellent choice! If you can't find the native OS10 app that you like, you can convert it from android.Selecting, editing, copy & pasting text still be very difficult. I still prefer deleting everything and retype before correct the wrong text, editing is still very difficult.

Update 08/13/2013  Blackberry the company, is FOR SALE as very few like to buy their new Smartphone's like Z10, Q10 !!! as stated Monday Aug 13, they are looking for an easy way out and is selling....I am thinking there may not be a buyer for they should have done this quietly cause this will make their customers nervous about blackberry's future...Analyst saying Blackberry may go private but this is a very very bad sign, meaning Blackberry may want to die quietly without any press coverage while it is disposing all its valuable asset..Yuckkkkkk.... For those who did not listened to me you might as well trade your blackberry Z10 Q10 Q5 with iphone, Samsung or nokia Smartphone's while it still has some value left on it. You don't want to have a piece of junk  months from now cause THERE WILL BE LESS AND LESS APP'S AVAILABLE FOR THIS SMARTPHONE and expect more BUG'S because app's developers might become lazy in updating their existing app's running on BB10 knowing that this company may go under in the future. Besides blackberry employee are for sure very demoralize as they see their future dwindling and many maybe looking for other jobs. I was thinking talented employee's of blackberry many of them maybe leaving or looking for other job. So my friends and co-consumer BE WISE and save your hard earned monies. My belief is there will only be 3 major Smartphone OS in the future and they are Apple OS, ANDROID AND WINDOWS. So if you like your investment in technology and knowledge relevant in the future just concentrate on these 3 Smartphone OS and I am pretty sure your investment will not put to waste.6/27/2013 update: My fellow consumer think twice before spending too much on this phone, recently I did my Costco shopping and was surprise to see that they markdown the upfront cost for a two year contract for the Z10 (same as Q10 except for the keyboard). Since last week  you can now get the Z10 for $50 with contract used to be you have to pay $200 2 months ago, I say this product is not really selling well in our great country USA a huge markdown of 150 dollars in just a period of less than 3 months. In comparison to apple ios 5 and Samsung galaxy the price of their phone is not going down and still expensive even after 1 year I say a great investment. As you can see the price of this Q10 phone started here beyond expensive at close to $1200, now going down to close to $600. To be realistic blackberry says before the launch of Q10 that they will offer this at the range of between 650 to 750 but still a markdown of close to $600 is not a good sign. Just recently since the Q10 is not really selling well Blackberry immediately release a lower price version of it they now called Q5 price starting they say at $400. I still think Q5 is expensive.The bottom line,  I still think that blackberry devices under its new OS BB10 will be gone in the future just like palm (there will only be 3 major smartphone OS THAT WILL DOMINATE THE MARKET Apple IOS, GOOGLE ANDROID and Microsoft windows 8), but if you really like blackberry wait a little bit longer and you may get these new devices for FREE with a two year contract. But I reminded you that your Blackberry financial investment and technical knowledge will be wasted as I see no hope for this company in the future as a device manufacturer.My original posting:This is what i call a punishment for those who stick with vintage smartphone keyboard tech. basically you can buy a phone like this with keyboard for less than a hundred dollars. Blackberry is desperate for profit so they are milking monies out of their loyal hard core blackberry users. i am rating this 1 star same as i rated the z10 because the only diff between the two is the vintage keyboard. Pricewise this product is 1 star. if you are a business owner buying this phone for your business is not a wise decision because there are much cheaper phone same functionalities as this one for less than a hundred dollars.Honestly if you are a business owner you don't want your employee representing your company to carry a phone line this, because this is a turn-Off especially for young clients like 50 years old below. Maybe if you are ready to retire, don't care about what others may think of you as being too vintage THIS PHONE IS GOOD FOR YOU, but still the price I think is too much. Sometimes I see guys carrying a phone like this with keyboard, and in the modern Smartphone world of app's and advance technologies, I can't help measuring a person's adept to modern technologies with the model of Smartphone he carries. I believe it is good for one person's advancement and good company reputation if they carry Smartphone impressive enough and in line with trend and future technological direction. Since this phone is good for texting, voice call, phone like this should only be sold for less than a 100 dollars. The screen not big enough, I don't see this phone good for app's, video and web browsing. Why pay too much for less functionality that you can use.If your really a hardcore blackberry user WAIT FOR THIS Q10 PHONE's price to go down to less than $200 just like other smartphone of this caliber, Take note you can save more monies if you wait a little bit longer cause you might get this for free with a two year contract, great possibility that this phones new OS will cease to exist or obsolete in a couple of years just like other smartphones new software and operating system.

Plenty of Apps and this phone does not fail, no dropped calls. Super easy to navigate. I had them all I promise this is the best phone I've ever had.

It is a unique device , very satisfied  , plus I got the product with a hand made note that gives a personal caracter, thank you Tim for service and show your company cares

Phone is really good. Excellent condition, took a couple of days before shipment but was delivered on date stated. All gadgets came with the phone and it works well no scratches on phone

1.First and for most, to me the best attribute of Q10 is its crystal clear call quality, speaker and sound that incomparable to any other device2.always great reception3.long battery life, plus battery is replaceable , so i will always have battery that can hold charge up to 2 days4.build quality, strong and pleasant to the touch, it feels very nice in the hands, made of premium materials5,keyboard buttons, it feels much better typing on actual buttons, plus there is bunch of shortcuts that touchscreen don't haveAs far as software--UI is smoothbrowser is super fastcamera features are nicehub is usefulswipe features are clevernative apps looks greatcons- not all the downloaded apps from bb world work wellif you are coming from iOS things you will likegreat reception, call quality, hub for all notifications, faster typing experience, longer battery life, buid quality is more sturdy, better security of the platform( to whom it matters)thinks you won't like- you want like preinstalled  apps like maps, fb, ln, twitter, whatsapp- they all don't run as smooth as on iOS, also some big name apps missing- instogramm, Netflix, vine, viber, bank appsYou won't be able to sync through cloud to your macbook or iPad.you won't have siri, even thou there's pretty good voice commend app, but it is not as polished as siriif you are coming from previous gen bbyou will like- speed, speed, speed- this ui is much faster, browser is super fast compared to older bb, you will get more apps, better screen resolution, a bit bigger screen, same quality battery life, 4G speed, better camera, hubyou won't like making an adjustment to new user interface, you will be missing trackpad and dedicated call buttons at first, you won't like some modifications to apps, you will find some shortcuts from older bb missing.if you are coming from Android (sg)You will like buid quality, you will love call quality and you will be amazed by battery life, you will like having familiar features like nfc. you will like having hdmi port, expendable memory, you will like typing on keyboard and keyboard shortcuts. you will like new ui, and security features of blackberry- being able to decide what  type of personal info each app can get, and protected privacy of bb communication.you won't like Size ( its much different from galaxy) , you won't like not having some apps, and having some that don't work as good as on android,I recommend this phone to everyone, as long as you are informed about  what it does great and what it not.

this product is not even out in the market. Too expensive for a product that the functions are just basic. do not buy its a fake.

I'm not usually one to write reviews for products.  I've written a couple on books, a couple products, and that's about it.  I read them frequently to make decisions on purchases where I am going to spend over $100 for an item.  That can be dangerous if you believe that the people reviewing don't work for the company for products they review.  That is NOT the case for me, and I have now used this phone for a solid month and feel it's time to tell the truth about the device.First, you need to know about me and what I do.  I'm in sales...I travel a LOT for work..15-20 flights a year, extensive heavy driving around the New England/NYC Metro area for work.  I manage a team of 8 salespeople and responsible for Sales Enablement and Development for the entire company coast to coast.It's important to mention that because I need a phone that allows me to be productive.The problem today with smartphone industry is that they have gone 85% marketing to the casual consumer and 15% to the power user.Then I laugh at people who call themselves power users.  To me, power users are not the You Tube surfing, video watching, game playing, constant texting consumer.  That would be my daughter or sons.Power users do find a need for those features, but for me, productivity combined with need for occasional use of those features in important.What phones have I used?  I started with a Blackberry Pearl back in 2005 or 2006 (can't remember) when they first released that device.  LOVED IT.  It was small, intuitive, and did what I wanted.I gradually went to Curve and when the Bold series hit the market, I was in heaven.BUT BUT BUTWhat I realized was that I did not to open a few more web pages for work related issues and view some videos that I need to see for work as well.  Blackberry had terribly slow web browsing, videos were slow to load, and the screen was dim and washed out.  I started to fall into the trap of wanting something COOL.  I needed to have the newest and coolest phone that could answer my need for those things.Enter Android and Droid OG.  I bought the 1st version of the Droid smartphone with keyboard.  EXCELLENT device.  At the time, it was fast, had a very good keyboard, and did all the things I mentioned flawlessly (for the most part).  Android allowed me to make my phone what I wanted.  It was visually appealing, light weight (enough) and handled email well.I receive and send over 100 emails/day so that is the single biggest aspect.  What I noticed was that Blackberry still killed it in that area, but often times, my Bold would freeze up or just reboot itself and it was getting worse and worse.  It seemed RIM didn't really focus on the user experience that much and just got complacentWithout lecturing, the only thing constant in the business world is CHANGE.  If you are unwilling to change, you will fall behind.  Great salespeople are not complacent.  They will make a huge sale, and while happy, not complacent.  Great companies are the same way.  RIMM was NOT that great company.  I felt it...I abandoned the platform for the exciting new world of Android.I used the Droid OG, then Droid 2, then Droid X, and finally went to Droid 3.  Loved them all.When Samsung released the Galaxy II, I made the change and loved that device more than all the others.  Slim, fast, great screen, etc.  BUT BUT BUTOver time, I realized one thing.  I HATED NOT HAVING PHYSICAL KEYBOARD.  HATED IT.I don't care how many keyboard apps Google could come up with, I hated them all.  Inaccurate, slow, quirky, etc.I began to remember that I needed a PHONE first (many many calls) and a device I could be productive with.  I stated using signature for my emails on phone with "Please excuse spelling errors" because I was using a phone that was not very good at autocorrect and was terrible to type on.GREAT for web, videos, texting, good apps, but NOT very good for the 1 damned thing I needed more than anything.  EMAIL, CALENDAR, productivity.Never used Apple for phone.  I have a Mac Air (that I am typing this on now), I have a iPad (showing PPTs and videos to customers quickly is amazing)...I even have Apply TV (used to hook to projectors and I can show PPT from my iPad wirelessly for presentations).  Apple is a great company, but I DO NOT LIKE the iPhone.  Keyboard is small, worse than Android. Beautiful hardware and cameras, etc..Not for me.ENTER THE Q10Now, I have read all about RIM, now Blackberry, and their troubles.  Let's face it...they were complacent.  They did not innovate and keep one step ahead.  They blew it.Does it matter that they seem to get it now?  Probably not...too little, too late.  BUT, I LOVE THIS Q10!!!!!!  Why?The keyboard is phenom!!  It's best I've ever used...the device itself is a premium feel.  Hell, I switched from Samsung Galaxy III to this device.  People called me NUTS.  Said that was stupid.Realize something.  The Galaxy Line is excellent..might be best in class on the market.  But again, I needed to be productive, not check to see if my lengthy emails were spelled properly or if I missed something because I accidentally erased a couple lines hitting wrong keys, etc.The Q10 is BB best work by far.  I can hammer out emails flawlessly.  The autocorrect they employ is best on the market, BAR NONE. It's a joy to type on...The feeling in the hand is perfection.Is it a PERFECT phone overall?  Well, for me, it's as close as it gets.  So, let's start with what I DON'T like or wish they would change:1.  Hub...I actually kind of like it, but there's too many layers to it.  The back and forth nature of checking messages, then checking the thread, then backing out, can get tedious.  Seems like they could do something to minimized the left to right swipes needed.  I like Peak, but issue there is that if you swiped out of the email you were in, and you want to peak, it might not show you what's waiting if it's a text or other message in Hub...you have to be in the HUb view to Peak at all of them, and then, redundant if you want to go and actually open the message.If they were able to allow you to look at email via Hub and give you a breakdown of what's in the hub quickly without 3-4 swipes, would be easier.  But am I lazy?  Are we all lazy now that we cannot make those extra gestures?  Probably.2.  Apps.  Now, I am not REALLY upset at this, because I don't play games.  A smartphone for me is a PHONE and EMAIL/CALENDAR device.  If I wanted to play games and not squint to see them, if I wanted to watch movies, I'll turn on my iPad.  I watch movies on airplane and do so with iPad  Why the hell people want to watch it on those 4-4.5 inch screens is beyond me.  So if you're a gamer, stop reading and dont buy it.How many of the 750,000 apps that Apple claims or others claim are REALLY USEFUL?  You can have only so many fart apps, etc.  I mean, come on now people...give me a break.BUTIt is missing some of the basics that I really use constantly.  Like Evernote.  I'm a premium subscriber and Evernote, while sort of baked in, does not have a native app (heard there's one coming but still).There might be a few others use, but I use the basics, and really, it has most of what I want.  FB kind of basic, but that's ok.THAT folks is the ONLY things I do not like.  Seriously..And I bitch about a lot of stuff, but that's really it.WHAT DO I LIKE?1.  Keyboard..Nuff said..Already said it.2.  Email - Easy interface, this is what BB does best.  Best in class, bar none.  I set up via Microsoft Exchange Sync and get my emails even faster than my Android delivered them (send email and I have it on my Q10 in 3-5 seconds).3.  Screen.  Yeah, it's small..but it's EXCELLENT to look at.  Clear, bright, almost perfect.4.  BATTERY - At first, I was mad because it really didn't seem great. But after two cycles of battery, it's EPIC.  I send and receive approx 100 emails per day, 20-30 texts.  I read the WSJ app on it, look at and check some ESPN stuff, others articles occasionally, and RSS Feeds that I subscribe to.  Once in a while someone sends me video file to look at, and it runs great BTW.  Listen to music here and there.  Screen is on quite a bit.Result?  I'm unplugging at 5:45am and at 11pm when I plug in, I've got between 35 (lowest) and 50% battery life still left.  AMAZING.  And I am TRUE POWER USER.5.  Maps.  Is it Google Maps and Nav?  Nope...Not close.  Does it do what I want it to do?  YUP...On the mark.  Very good Nav app here..basic, but clean and works.  Sure I wish I still had my Google Maps, but I need to get places and it has NEVER let me down yet...not once.Those are the things I need, and those are what it does GREAT.So, LONG review..but let me say:It's a premium feeling, premium looking Power Users dream.  If you are into getting stuff done for WORK, with a little bit of play in there, it will not disappoint.If you want to use your PHONE as a gaming tool, chatting tool, Facebooking Tweeting device, look elsewhere.  I'm about getting stuff done.  And the Q10 does just that.

the product is good, and i really like itbut there is something wrong with spacebar, it is loose when I touch it,

I was not able to buy via Amazon because I needed AT&T; LTE, and so had to go elsewhere. But I've had the device for several days now and absolutely love it. In the past, I've used all versions of the iPhone, a variety of Android devices, and more recently Windows Phone 8 for the last two years. I really liked the various Nokia Windows Phone 8 devices I had but was intrigued by the central hub of Blackberry 10, the keyboard, and highly rated browser. And so:About me: I'm a complete gadget freak, who has never found nirvana in a phone - smart or otherwise. I do need a mobile phone to be a good *phone* however, and this is where most smart phones fall down.  The Blackberry q10 is almost better than talking on a landline - an experience I had forgotten about after so many years of mediocre call quality.  It's blazing fast - on many of my other devices, I wouldn't bother clicking on links because even with LTE, it wasn't worth the wait. The Blackberry q10 loads so quickly, it's unreal.  Embedded videos play without a hitch. Nothing hangs, dangles or lingers. It just works.The biggest selling point for me is the hub. Many professional reviewers questioned the value of centralized communications, but I can't think of a single negative for having everything in one place (plus, you can select what you want to appear there/or not).Other features that work for me:- "Remember": Fabulous and easy way to manage lists, emails and to do's on the go.- Type and go...you just type and go. Searching, emails, texts, searching for a contact. It's very cool not to have to go to the special search page to do this.Oh yes - and it has a keyboard. No matter how I've tried to love typing on glass, I've never mastered it the way somer teenagers have.  Having the keyboard makes a big difference in my desire to respond to people before I get back to a computer or tablet.Will I play games on it? No - the screen is pretty small, and that's what my iPad Mini is for.  But it's easy enough to read the news, and use other apps, such as Flixster,The logic built into the UI works for me - other OS's (except for WP 8) don't seem to have pure productivity in mind. And so if that's your bag, I highly recommend this device - just make sure you get the one that will work with your network: all unlocked phones are not created equally!I think if BB comes out with a slider version of this device, nirvana might be possible.

To preface, I received this phone from my job so it's not my personal device. I have a personal iPhone (for now..) I was a former BB user before jumping ship to iPhones a few years ago so I am a experienced BB user.As I was setting myself up on this phone, I liked much of everything I've experienced so far. If these are the kinds of phones BB is producing now then, I'm mistaken, and the company is not dead.The learning curve took several hours. One feature I hate is the calendar items displaying on a locked screen. That's just stupid and not secure. There is no option to disable lock screen notifications. Some users have suggested to make all calendar items private, but I'm doing doing that. Other people add meetings to my calendar and I can't keep going back and forth all day making edits to privacy settings on my calendar items. As a work around I've stumbled up the ability, on the locked screen, to pull down the clock and that seems to hide your locked home screen. If anyone has found anything better let me know.That is my only gripe. The videos in the browser looked great.  Webpages rendered nicely. I'm not using any of the pre-installed personal apps; just Outlook and Calendar only and they work well as expected on a BB.If you're looking at this for business purposes then go for it.

I love the cellphone but it has T-Mobile written on it . I dont Know if it is new or not.

Good product. Fantastic keyboard. I recommend this device for people who really need to use the mobile for e-mails.The screen gives good quality, the touch screen is also working good.

Wow, I'm so happy with this BlackBerry, is the best phone period, so easy to use and to write, and the camara is great, BlackBerry is back!!

Just what i need , oem , no logo , never locked , works propery in 3 & 4 g on 900 mhz companies

I only give this a 2 star because the return process smooth. The phone I received was definitely an old phone. The box it came in was old and marked verizon. The phone also had a verizon logo which means this must be refurbished. I have seen another customer complain about this. Please desist from deceiving people! If something is not new list it as such. Don't waste people's time and energy.

Using it for over three weeks.I always wanted a phone with hardware qwerty keyboard. I used many phones on Android, I tryied many keyboards from Android market, but is wasn't comfortable for me. I've made mistakes while typing and it was soo slow.So i decided to buy a smartphone with qwerty keyboard. There're not many smartphones left on the market. Blackberry q10 is the best choice.Keyboard is very comfortable. You type faster, quicker, you make less mistakes. It's perfect.Blackberry OS10 has many problems. The biggest problem - marketplace. There're no many apps, that i have used for a long time on my last phone. But you can run any Android app. It's pretty good.If you chatting, or always working by e-mail, it's your choice. If you like to play games, watch movies on your phone - just buy a tablet and this one. :)It's not a media-centre. It's a phone. And it's work perfectly. I love it. :)

I brought the phone to Venezuela and my attendant tells me that is not unlocked. I haver that I can in this case?I bought it about 1 month ago. I have understood that the IMEI code you can unlock. I hope I solved the problem. Thank you very much

I didn't know it has a logo low the keyboard,but it's realy like this! I think other people should know this!

I Like the aesthetics of the device however bb 10 is very bad. and i am not basing this review on apps availability. i think its a new operating system and its okay to have few apps. I am fine with that. Keeping that in mind, my conclusion is that blackberry is not what it used to be. the operating system is buggy and full of micro lags which annoys me so much. the settings menu is extremely laggy. if you open to many apps it starts to lag even more. its not what i expected so decided to sell on ebay. trust me no one wants it. it sucks

As a Blackberry loyal, miss the trackpad, the swiping doesn't always work smothly, learning curve extremely dificult. The features are all great. Great size. Blackberry needs to foucus on what made them the leading corporate comunication device and stop trying to copy the competition.

I would like to say that disappoint your sales behavior during my order.It was so shock after I&#8217;ve got your item. It was not mention about second hand and T-Mobile contract model and fake earphone and boxes.Moreover, there are having a country lock so I paid it for unlocking the device with over$50.First time, I thought it might be return back to you for reimbursement my payment but it also might be wasting time for return policy. Do not sell with that behavior anymore. It was so disappoint and upset.Anyway, I&#8217;ve got it correctly on time. Thanks.

the version is SQN100-2...

If you want a phone with a keyboard this is definitely your best option if not your only option with a modern OS. Its has excellent build quality and feels great in the hand. You will not regret buying this provided you invest some time to overcome the learning curve with the OS

I'm a Blackberry phone fan and I just like the QWERTY phone with touch experience! It's a good product with solid design and quality. It'll be great if screen larger and battery capacity larger. Use time is only one day.

[UPDATE] More than 8 months with this device, and with the new OS 10.2.1 update, I have updated this review to reflect the new things I've learned and some of the fixes they have released.First of all, let me say that although I'm giving the phone 5 stars, I am in NO WAY saying it is a perfect phone. There are definitely faults in the OS, and I will detail all of them in this review. It is a 5 star phone for me since I love having a physical keyboard and the problems it has are problems that can be fixed with a software update. And I am actively participating in their beta zone program to make sure these issues are brought to their attention so that they will be fixed.Hardware:Let me start with what you'll see right away when you pick up the phone. The build quality of this phone is top notch. I'm actually a little sick of the plastic and glass slabs that make up 90% of the phone market. The only ones of those phones that stand out are the original iPhone with the metal back, and the HTC One. The back of this device looks like carbon fiber. Everyone's first thought is that it must be fake. It is actually a proprietary material they made for this device, they call "glass weave" so it's actually really close to being carbon fiber and it's 100% legit, not just a pattern printed on plastic. The fret going across the back above the battery door is stainless steel. The bezel surrounding the phone is black, but it's actually steel, so still not plastic. The frets in between the keys are stainless steel as well. So basically, the only plastic you'll ever touch while using this phone are the individual keys on the keyboard. To me, regardless of how nice the HTC One is compared to the other slabs, it's still just a slab of glass on a slab of metal. The HTC One doesn't have a back cover so you can access the battery, so you're stuck with the battery like you would be with an iphone. This is bad if you are a power user that normally would either opt for a 3rd party high capacity battery replacement, or someone who will carry around a second battery to swap out when the one in the phone runs out. Yes, there are plenty of people who use their phones that much that this is necessary. It's also bad for the rest of us because batteries don't last forever. They start to lose their overall capacity soon after you start to use it and recharge it. Eventually you will NEED to replace the battery. On phones like the HTC One and iPhone you're stuck either figuring out how to open the phone up to replace the battery, finding someone who knows how to do this, or buying a new phone. The Q10 manages to combine premium materials with a lot of intricate lines. It really looks like a lot of craftsmanship went into putting these phones together. The frets actually dovetails into the bezel like different parts of furniture interlocking together. The only complaint about the build quality is an issue with the spacebar that I've read some people having. Mine is actually rock solid, but I've heard enough people say the same thing to know it must be a real issue with at least some of the phones out there.The screen is a Super AMOLED screen, and the touchscreen is responsive. The Super AMOLED is very vibrant and the pixel density is impressive. So images look sharp and colors really pop. I really like the screen. One issue with the screen that I've read about is that it's not as bright as a normal LCD screen, and this is true. So some people complain that in direct sunlight it's hard to make out what's on the screen. Personally, I live in South Florida and the sun is blazing here year round, and so far I don't find it that bad. I have used the Q10 outdoors without an issue, but it is definitely not as bright as other phones I've used with LCD's. Another issue with the Super AMOLED screen is if you've seen pictures or videos of the phone running and sometimes you're viewing it from an angle, you'll notice a greenish tint to the screen. This happens with every Super AMOLED screen I've seen, but it only really happens from an angle. For you looking right at the screen this effect doesn't happen. And even from an angle, the tint on this particular phone is VERY light and barely noticeable.[UPDATE] And now with OS 10.2.1 they added a "white balance" slider where you can slide it from cooler to warmer in color tone. I've read that the warmer setting is easier on the eyes if you're using the phone in complete darkness, buy I kept mine in the middle since it hasn't bothered me.Software:Now this is where the phone shows its immaturity. I hate comparing it to my previous BlackBerry because I understand this is a brand new OS, they are trying to move forward and not get stuck in the past, which is what doomed them to lose their place as the number 1 smartphone in the first place. But it is a fact that regardless of your feelings about how they lagged behind in their hardware, the way they had their software configured to run for the sake of efficient communications was actually very good. So a lot of these features would be amazing features to have on the Q10. That's the only reason why I might make that comparison. I do not want them to go back to their old ways, I simply want good, common sense, features to be added to this phone.First, there is something called universal search. This is a great feature since the phone has a keyboard that never goes away. You can start typing from the homescreen without needing to launch an app or anything before, and it'll start populating options and searches based on what you're typing. For example, if you wanted to search the internet for something, instead of launching the browser app, navigating to google or bing and then typing your search query, on the Q10, all you have to do is start typing the search query right from the homescreen. Then out of your options, just touch the icon for google or bing and it'll automatically bring you to the search results. It's blazingly fast to get things done this way, and to me it's worth losing screen real-estate to have this feature. Now here are a few issues with the universal search as it is now. The contacts results are only sorted alphabetically, when they should be sorted by relevance or by how often you contact each individual. For example, when I want to call my mother, I'll simply start typing "mom" from the homescreen. Even though "mom" matched my address book entry "Mom" 100%, it'll show me "Jenn's Mom" and "Juan's Mom" before "Mom" simply because j comes before m. And unfortunately it only shows the top 2 and I actually have to touch the icon for more results to see the mom I wanted to contact in the first place... It SHOULD order it with "Mom" first since that matches what I'm typing the most, or if they go by popularity, it should also put "Mom" first since I make sure to regularly talk to my mother while I pretty much never call those other two entries. They are just there so if they happen to text or call me for some reason I know who it is...[UPDATE] One of my favorite features of my old BB phones was the universal search and the extended search options. One in particular that I was really sad to find missing from the Q10 when it first came out was youtube. Basically before, if I wanted to find a video by searching for it, instead of launching the app or going to the website and then clicking search, and then typing, all I would do is start typing, then touch the youtube icon, and it would automatically launch the youtube app and show me the results of that search. It was super quick and I loved showing up my friends when they went to look for a video how I would have it up and playing before they even got it to where they can start typing the search. And this was back with my old Bold 9900 on that old outdated hardware and software. Well, when I first got the Q10, the youtube extended search option doesn't show up anymore, and I was a little disappointed in that. HOWEVER I found out that the extended search options are not really something the OS control, but the apps themselves. And since there isn't an actual youtube app (made by youtube for the BB10) this time around, that's why the universal search option for youtube isn't present. There is a 3rd party youtube app called Super Tube (which is FREE) that actually adds the universal search extended search option. So once you download that app, this awesome extended search option makes its triumphant return!! And the Super Tube app is a great app, better than the normal youtube app in my opinion. So no compromise there.Another issue I have with the Q10 is that it appears they tried to simplify the interface a bit when it comes to setting notification sounds and profiles. With previous BB's like my Bold 9900, I was able to not only turn vibrate on and off, I was also able to set how many times it will vibrate and even the length of each vibration. And this was for each individual notification type. So for example, I could have my text messages vibrate 2 times quickly (short vibration length), and my facebook notification would vibrate one long time (one vibration but long duration), phone calls would be 3 vibrations quickly, and voicemail will be 2 medium. So even if I have the phone on vibrate only or I couldn't hear the tone, I knew what just came in by the feel of the vibration. With the Q10, you can still set the number of times, but you no longer could set the duration of the vibrations. I really wish they add that feature back in a future OS update. Another notification feature that went away that was useful was individual volume controls for different notifications. Now you just have one master volume that applies to notifications for phone calls, BBM, texts, emails, etc. Before you were able to change them individually, so maybe make texts ring louder than email because you find them more urgent, or make your phone ringtone a little quieter than the BBM messages. Or any combination you choose, just giving examples. Again, hopefully that will be added back in a future update.Right now they are considering ideas for more locking options instead of just a password lock. I personally like using a normal password instead of the pattern lock (since some people can figure those out by looking at the smudges on the screen), but more options never hurt anyone. They are considering facial recognition, pattern lock, and pin lock. I hope they do expand on this in a future update. I will keep using the password myself, but I think it's a good idea for them to give options to those who might want to choose them.[UPDATE] They have added what they call picture lock. It is actually quite clever. It is hard to explain how it works, but let's just say that even if someone is watching over your shoulder and clearly watches you unlock your device, that person still wouldn't know how you did it. I want to see people say the same about pin lock or pattern lock... Heck, pattern lock is so easy to break since you can most of the time see the pattern streaked onto the screen since that's the motion they do the most besides scrolling up and down...Here's an issue I really don't like. Their music player doesn't allow you to pick the folder it includes in the library. It basically scans your phone and memory card for any music files and they automatically show up in the music library. The bad part about this is I have a whole folder of mp3 files that are just custom ringtones I use. They are for notifications, I don't want them being mixed into my music playlist... The music player is also missing an equalizer, something the Bold 9900's music player had, so don't understand why they had to cut useful features like that.[UPDATE] I'm not really sure if they fixed anything in the stock music player or not, but I've found a great 3rd party music app called Neutron Music Player. It's not free unfortunately, but if listening to music is important to you, I am telling you it is worth it. Not only does it have an equalizer, but it actually makes your music sound better than the stock music player. It processes the music much cleaner and if you're an audiophile you'll notice the difference. So I definitely recommend that.[UPDATE]One huge advantage of having a physical keyboard that never goes away was the ability to set almost every key as a speed dial for your contacts. So from the homescreen, without having to launch the phone app, contacts app, or anything, all you had to do was hold down the key you set before and it'll start dialing. For example, if one of my friends was set as the letter "c" on my speed dial list, all I had to do was hold down "c" from the homescreen and it's already calling that friend. It makes making multiple phone calls EXTREMELY fast and efficient. That feature didn't make it into the Q10 at launch, but with OS 10.2.1, they finally added back one-button home-screen speed dialing!! Now all you have to do to make a call to someone on your speed dial list is from the homescreen, hold the button corresponding to the contact you assigned to it, and it'll make the call. Fast, easy, and no need to even look at the phone once in the process! :-)Lastly, and everyone should already know this, apps. Now before people start complaining about how BlackBerry 10 doesn't have the millions of apps iPhone or Android has, remember that those platforms have been around for YEARS. Even though the name Blackberry has been around for years, this new OS is completely new, not at all backwards compatible with their previous OS's, so that means they had to start from scratch with apps since none of the old apps will work in the new OS. So considering this fact, it's quite impressive that they have about 100,000 apps already within the first few months of these new phones being on the market.[UPDATE] With OS 10.2.1, you can now install Android apps the same way you would do it from an Android device. All you'll have to do is load one of these Android marketplace apps on your phone and then browse, search, download, and install, just like you would on an Android. Please feel free to comment if you need further assistance in accomplishing this.Now I'm sure you're wondering how I'm giving this phone 5 stars while listing nothing but what I consider negatives or places where the phone can improve. It's simple, constructive criticism helps people make a purchasing decision more than blind praise. But here are the definite positive aspects of the phone.The mindset behind this new OS is to fluidly move from doing one thing to the other. Other smartphones seem more like app-loaders than phones, since you go back and forth between a home screen into an app, back out, then into another app, then back out, then into another app. With BB10, you can go into apps and do what you need there, while using the communications functions of the phones in a fluid movement from one to the other instead of the back and forth. From any app, all you have to do is drag your thumb from the bottom of the screen upward, then slide it over to the right, and you basically end up dragging the screen you were just looking at over to the side a little and doing that exposes the "Hub" (which is the communications backbone of the phone) so you can see who just texted you, emailed you, or what facebook notification you just got, etc. etc. without having to exit the app you were just using. It's still there, off to the side a little waiting for you to make your decision on what to do. If you choose to address the notification, just continue that movement to the side and the app will slide away and now you're in the Hub to handle that text or whatever. If you decide that your activities in that app is more important than the notification that just came in, just reverse that motion and you drag the app back to being full screen and you continue doing what you were doing. I've found this feature very useful and very intuitive once you get used to the gestures.Speaking of the hub, it's a really great concept that I'm liking. You can fully customize it, but it's basically a "grand central station" for all of your communications. All of your texts, emails, facebook notifications, twitter notifications, whatsapp, etc. all go into this hub. So no matter how someone decides to try to contact you, you don't need to go searching, it goes to one place. And from that hub you can actually reply without needing to exit and launch the app. Meaning if someone sends you a facebook message, you go into your hub, read the message there, then simply type your response as if you're responding to a text, and hit send, and you've just sent your friend a facebook message back. All without even touching the facebook app. This is the same deal with Twitter and any other social group you belong to.[UPDATE] When the phone first came out, one issue was if you started a new text message using compose instead of finding the conversation and opening it, the conversation you had up to that point wouldn't show up until AFTER you sent the message. This was a problem if you don't remember what the last things you said to each other way and that could affect what you want to send this time. Well, with the latest OS update, 10.2.1 this issue has been fixed! Definitely moving in the right direction![UPDATE] With OS 10.2.1, they added something called a "priority hub." You can't say that you ONLY talk to your best friends or family members. No matter how much we try, we end up communicating with people we find "important" along with those we just don't. I guess it's like the difference between an acquaintance and an actual friend. Well, with the priority hub, it lets you organize that a bit better. You assign your close friends, your significant other, your family to your priority hub. Now you can switch your hub to only display priority messages and it'll only show them. This update also added a pop-down instant preview of incoming messages, working together with the priority hub you can now set it to only display previews from your priority contacts, so not every incoming message will show the instant preview. Those are just quick examples of how those new features can be used, you can customize them any way you wish.I mentioned universal search before, but there's another neat aspect to this. They call it "Type and Go" and basically from the homescreen, there are several shortcut commands you can start typing that will perform certain functions. Like you can simply start typing "Email Chris" and it'll have an option to start the email that you simply type the text you want and hit send. Or you can also type "fb I am hungry" and it'll actually update your facebook status to "I am hungry" without needing to go into your facebook app. You can also type "tweet Going out tonight" and you guessed it, it'll tweet that via twitter without you needing to open twitter. This feature is a very nice concept and helps you be very productive so you spend less time staring at your phone but you complete everything you want to get done anyway. There are still some minor issues like I've mentioned before about the search contact listings, but it's all issues that will probably be fixed or ironed out as the OS matures a bit. It's still very early on, but it's a very polished machine for what it is.[UPDATE] When the phone first came out, swiping down from the top of the screen is generally the gesture to pull up settings for whatever app you're using. From the home screen, swiping down from the top will being down the quick settings available for the phone. In the beginning, these quick settings were set and you cannot change them. Now, you have full customizing ability with this menu. And along with that, they added a ton of different things you can set to the quick settings. My favorite is the flashlight. No more launching apps, just swipe down and touch the flashlight icon. Repeat to turn it off.[UPDATE] Another thing I've started to notice in the 8 months of using this phone, is just how quickly I get the camera up. You might think I'm making this up, but literally I've found myself [cheekily] commenting to my friend "Wow, takes you that long to find your camera?" when I see my friend trying to get to it. Apparently the camera app is just that, an app, on most phones, namely Android phones. So when you scroll to another page of apps, the phone app icon will scroll away with that page it is on. So if you're not already on that page, you have to scroll around to find it. Of course, this is after waking up the phone, and unlocking the phone. Well, on BB10, the camera icon is static, like the phone call icon. So no matter which page of apps you're on, the camera button is always right there on the bottom right. Also, even if your phone is locked, the camera button is still there for the using. And no, this doesn't mean your phone will switch to the camera all of the time accidentally while your screen is locked. While the phone is locked, you have to press and hold the camera icon for it to turn on. Pretty hard to do this by accident. But I've really started to realize just how fast and easy this is when I watch my friends clumsily fumble about their phone looking for the camera app, lol. I kind of feel bad while pointing it out, but I kind of don't, lol.[UPDATE] Another addition with OS 10.2.1 is lock screen notification previews. You can see a quick preview of your notifications from the lock screen with this update. Which is nice, didn't like that you had to unlock the screen before you know if the notifications you have are important or not.Some people will argue that with all of these autocomplete features that they can type just as fast or faster on their touchscreens, but the fact of the matter is the physical keyboard is more accurate. I don't NEED autocorrect at all while typing texts to my friends. You will never see an autocorrect fail where I meant to say one thing and my phone decided to post something completely different and sometimes really inappropriate. If sending out clear and precise information to everyone is important to you, then having this keyboard is a definite must. Imagine saying something very inappropriate by accident to your boss or some other business contact. That could mean some serious issues down the road... And although honestly your options for phones with a physical keyboard is very slim, I'm happy to say I don't only recommend the Q10 simply because of a lack of choices, but it's actually a very nice phone. Just be warned that there is a learning curve. There is no back button or anything like that, navigation through the phone is purely via gestures on the screen. So you do have to memorize and get used to these gestures, so it might be a little clunky and frustrating at first, but once you get used to it (took me less than a few hours of playing with the phone to get used to them) it's actually very fun and intuitive to use. But give it some time, maybe up to a week if you're really ingrained into the way other phones work...For keyboard lovers, it is definitely the best phone out there, hands down, no discussion. I really hope this review has been informative enough for you to make a decision on whether or not this phone is worth your hard-earned money. If you have any questions please feel free to ask them in the comments. :-)[UPDATE] So after 8 months of using this phone, and especially after the OS update to 10.2.1 I went from thinking this is a great phone and a great start for a new OS, to simply really loving the phone. There is definitely still room for improvement in the OS, but so far most of the important things are definitely covered, so the 5-star review stands. :-)

As with my previous plain Blackberry, I love the keyboard. However I find that the swiping often doesn't work, especially when answering a phone call or getting into the HUB. Also I want to remove unused apps from the home screen and I cannot. Very annoying. But I do love the security, the phone is the right size and I hope Blackberry survives or my fingers get small enough to type on a screen.

I bought a Z10 for my personal use in Panama and it worths its price. Now I bought the Q 10 for Costa Rica and its fantastic!Iam a ex iPhone user, and a returned blackberry phones.

Very good

I use it in Venezuela with movistar and works perfectly. I have had an iphone 4s, htc one x, windows lumia 520 but just couldn't adapt to the virtual keyboards.having used a BB 8900,9000,9700,9360,9630 8120,9500 I grew tired of the blackberry OS always freezing, the useless web browser, the lack of apps, etc.the Q10 delivers in all those aspects, the keyboard is awesome the best I have ever used, the screen is great for its size, the OS is super fast and now we have the android apps available.

Good

I got this Unlocked Verizon Logo phone perfectly on time and as committed by the seller this works perfectly with all the networks. I have tested this Phone with AT&T; and T Mobile  and Verizon SIM which shows perfect 4G network for me . I also tested this phone with my Mumbai - India Vodafone  network and I was getting 3G network for the same , this 3G network might depends on the plan associated with the number .But I am really happy with the unlocked phone and would definitely recommend  this to everyone. I am not writing about the product Q10 which might already be available in the existing reviews.

Blackberry Q10 is an amazing mobile.One who is dreaming of owning a Blackberry mobile, BB Q10 is a real example. The mobile is awesome. Features like blackberry hub, qwerty key pad, camera,calender,document reader etc are excellent. The only thing troubles is the voice control application. Unlike IPHONE, the voice control is not a matured application in BB Q10.It still needs lot of improvement for Blackberry 10 OS. For me, when ever I start listening music using the headphones/headset, the voice control application automatically opens and because of this music will be stopped. Unless you close the voice control app, the music will not start. Also tested the voice control app to send text message, or phone calls or email, whatever I say orally, the app is not recognizing the voice so the app sucks in this scenario.Could some one please tell me the way to disable the voice control app when listening music. Also from Blackberry side as well, need improvement in this regard.And regarding the seller, the ON GO SOLUTIONS , is providing 30 days warranty. Some one note this while purchasing the mobile through Amazon.

The product's package looked old.  And had AT&T logo on the product which it was not showing on the picture on web

I bought this item from BuySPRY  and the product has no ringing tone. Its supposed to be a new product. The packaging manual was a used document and I felt ashamed making this online purchase. I was delived a faulty blackberry Q10.

This item arrived damagedI can't understand why I should pay Return cost

Horrible!First of all it was defective. There were faded spots on the screen. That is probably why it was discounted, but it should have been advertised as such.Secondly, (I could have lived with the defect BUT), l could not download a kindle app. I wanted to be able to access my books on my phone. I tried for 2 mos. It was unavailable.Thirdly, the apps are an embarrassment. For example, the ringtone apps are a complete ripoff. Some don't download and you can't get refunded. Some of them are blatant thievery.I became nervous about trying to access many of them.No wonder Blackberry has gone down the tubes!  They started with a great idea. When they made mistakes they became too arrogant to recover and instead compounded their mistakes.I simply gave up. Amazon refunded 80% of my purchase price and I bought a Galaxy. The first thing I did was download a kindle app.I'll simply have to learn how to live without a keypad.

I finally went back to Blackberry - for a month. I used BB ever since they came out until switching to Galaxy Note couple of years ago. I never got used to a virtual keyboard so I decided to give Q10 a try. Q10 is a good phone with two fatal flaws, and I ended up ditching it and going to an iphone with a Typo keyboard case instead.Flaw #1: the main reason I switched to the Note is because BB always had a habit of giving up on sending an email after few minutes if it couldn't get a signal. It would sit in the email list, and you would never know it had not been sent. Unbelievably, they left this bug in the new OS. Yes fellas, Q10 will fail to send your emails and let it sit on the device forever and never alert you except for a little red dot next to the email. Of course if you get a lot of emails (why else would you have a Q10) it drops below the fold quickly and you never see it.Flaw #2: lack of apps. No Docusign. No Waze. No Gabuddy (well, yes Gasbuddy but no map on it so functionally no Gasbuddy), etc. etc.

very good

Good phone.  Good price.  BB fan after all.  Best one for business use always..  recommend it to those who prefer to have keys

I love it! Im living in China! The operation is very smooth&#12290;&#12290;&#12290; I m looking forward new phones from blackberry&#65281;

Good

The phone was exactly as advertised and shipping was very quick.  I purchased the unlocked international version to use with my t mobile prepaid account and it worked great.  I plan on using it with a local sim card when I travel to Europe this summer on vacation I'm told this phone will work fine for that. Also it's hard to find a phone with a physical keyboard now days, which for me makes it easier to type.

I used BlackBerry for 5 years before I switched to the iPhone in 2010. I really wanted this to work for the keyword. REALLY REALLY I DID. But this thing is just terrible. I recommend a curve or bold instead. No one should buy this phone.

TJunkers is a seller I feel safe with, sometime you are soo scared to purchase something because you just can't ignore the feeling that you may get ripped off. Well I am so happy with my phone I am writing this review from my phone

is this Original. why took so long to create the order..  shows the package is with Fedex.. is this within the USA or coming from some other country

In the past few years, i've had a variety of phones. I've had the Samsung s3, the iphone 5, the blackberry bold 9900 and the blackberry torch 9810. The Pros of the phone: It has Skype like the S3 and iphone 5 which makes a big difference to me with all the international calling I do. In comparison to the other previous blackberrys i've owned the touch screen is much bigger and smoother. Also like the S3 and Iphone 5 it had a front facing camera. The operating system is also just as fast as the s3 and iphone. There are several features however that I enjoyed about the previous blackberrys that are no longer available. When it comes to hardware, there is no more convenience key. Second there is no more trackball or back button which can be annoying at times. When it comes to software, there is no longer the option for auto power on and off, this was one of my favourite things about the blackberry that i am hoping they will bring back in a patch in the future. Another like I liked about the previous blackberry operating system that is no longer there is the fact that you were able to change the size of the folders and icons. When it comes to the Apps, there are also still are missing that i would like to see come out like some more banking applications and news applications. This phone is still brand new, so I think many of these software problems can and will be fixed quickly and it is by far my favourite out of all my phones i've had. To me it seems like a combination of all three phones and operating systems which is something I like.

Owned the Q10 a 2 weeks past, and i can say: the black berry OS 10 is the best at this moment. It's ultra fast, intuitive and never freezes. NEVER !I have used Lumia 720, and it reboots randomly, from android i tested samsungs (S, S Duos), Motorola (Razr HD) and Sony ericson Xperia Play, and every one have freezing problems.The Q10 is so charm and the screen has very good image.Waiting now for th Z30 !

Buy Blackberry mobile phone is my wish, I like it, even though I will Chinese used in.Mobile phone use is very smooth, I really love.

It is so different than the 9810 I was use to in a blackberry. It totally disappointed me. Wish I had never ordered it.

If you need a smartphone that has a physical keyboard then stop reading and &#34;add to cart&#34;.  Seriously,  this phone will be your best friend.If you are on the fence... Keep reading.The q10 is a phone I previously owned and loved but I gave it up because a keyboard wasn't a necessity for me.  Sure,  I ordered it because I missed my blackberry phones of the past and wanted that nostalgic feeling.It was great and with an update and tweak it ran android apps! Battery life was outstanding! This thing lasted all day without a doubt. The speaker? It was the loudest,  clearest on any phone I have owned.The screen? Well... That's why we broke up.  I needed more real estate there.  Sure ,  my fingers loved the epic keyboard more than anything but the awkward screen ratio ultimately was the deal breaker.Like I said, though, if you are buying a phone strictly for a keyboard to text and email with then you have found an amazing device.  Don't let the nay sayers fool you... Blackberry created an amazing phone with this.  But,  if you really care about screen real estate then the honeymoon will end soon and you will long for more.Blackberry is releasing the answer to this soon, though.  Their new phone is called the Passport.  It has the qwerty keyboard with an impressive large screen.  That may be the match made in heaven for me :)

I purposely bought this phone in full faith that it would not have any telecom carrier logo on it as seen in the picture.  When I received the phone, there was a big fat verizon logo slapped on the front.  Totally different from the picture.  Very disappointed.

It's been a month now I got this phone and I found it necessary to share my experience. I contacted the seller to be sure I got the SQN 3 version because I was going to use the phone outside the US. 2G, 3G and 4G frequencies all works perfectly on the GSM carriers in Ghana."LOVE IT" is my simple expression for this product.I used the Bold 9900 for 2 years and needed to upgrade. I toggle between the iphone 4s and Sony xperia T. As much as I admit those two phones are great in handling tasks and great apps and camara functions I couldn't fall hard for them like the BlackBerry Q10.Being a previous BlackBerry user I couldn't leave without my notifications and the lovely keypad. There is a kind of satisfaction in the way BlackBerry notifies you when you miss an even and when those messages pops up.The Q10 feels really great in your hand and with this new keypad it looks so attractive you don't want to leave it behind.In terms of operations, the Q10 has been an excellent upgrade from 9900. The new gestures are wow and the amazing way of multi-tasking. In my opinion this is the only device that handles mult-tasks excellently and lovely. The browser is the best!!! And the new HUB is the killer part for me.Yes the app world lags so much but I have all my basics and that's enough for me I believe it's new and growing really fast even. You can port from Android if that becomes necessary.With the new 10.2.1 os update you don't want to miss the experience. Loving it!!!

This is my first unlocked phone ever and the first time i've ever purchased a phone online. I must say as nervous as I was to buy such an expensive item and an electronic item period online I must say it was a breezy transaction! I selected a 2 day shipping and received it right on time. It was delivered in all its beautiful perfection and was very easy to setup. I've had it about 30 days now and it's been running really smoothly I've had NO hiccups what so ever and I'm so comfortable and at home with my beloved blackberry again! It's just my opinion that my unlocked BlackBerry has been working stars and moons above any phones and even other blackberries I've purchased through carriers. So I love my Q10 it's beautiful and does all that it's promised to do and more! I'm now more at ease about purchases of this nature at least from the company I bought it from! Thanks for this amazing and simple experience. :-)

UPDATE 7/14/14  I love this phone.  I have had to reboot a few more times than my old blackberry but it is very strong physical phone and the OS setup is very straightforward for use.  I hope to keep this phone for years.I serve those who serve the nation.  Nothing peeves me more than tools that don't work.  My last BB needed to be reboot 2 times in 6 years.  I can never turn my phone off.CONSThe Q10 certainly cannot compete with the Androids kids favor.  The games and apps and fun stuff are never going to be available for it.  Its smaller screen size make touch pad actions a little tighterPROSNo device or network on the market can hold a candle to it for Security or stability, not even iPhones..The keyboard is the best in the world, I can blaze anyone on this thing.All in a reasonably sized packageThere are clearly markets for difference people.  If your mobile must be a trusted tool that is more tank than fashionable, the BB continues to be the one and only.

am fanatic in keyboard and this is the right gadget to me.I used various androind phones and iPhone series inculuding iPhone5, but every typing experience was not good as I had in Blackberry 9900. This model key stroke is solid in spite of the changed keyboard layer.Performance is the one to be focused. You will forget lousy sand glass experience you had before. Browsing and other performance are quite satisfying me. Camera is average. UI is quite new so that the users have to cost learning curve.

Tho most impression of the Q10 is the high pixel screen compare with my 9300. But the heat from the back was annoying, I guess it because of the bigger screen built in.

I jumped in and got the Z10 when it came out. Although a great phone with a rock solid OS (BB OS10), I could never get used to the touchscreen typing (although critics/ios/android loyalists agree its the best touchscreen keyboard ever!). Anyway, switched to the Q10 and couldn't be happier. FYI - the previous reviewer who says Blackberry loyalists will be disappointed clearly does not know what he/she is talking about. Head over to the biggest online Blackberry community - crackberry dot com - and see for yourself.Make sure you are buying the right model for your carrier w.r.t. 4G support. There are various models out there viz. SQN100-1 , 100-2, 100-3 etc. which support various bands on 4G LTE. The featured model here is the UK/Europe/Middle East version SQN100-3.

I bought the BB q10 from T-mobile. Let me begin by writing down some cons, because there are very few:1. If you use a lot of apps (current iPhone or Android user), this phone will disappoint you. Many apps are not available, or are made by 3rd party companies. But in my opinion, apps are generally overrated and over appreciated. The safest app is always your "browser". It guarantees SSL and other security. I should never trust a banking app, for instance. Always, access sensitive accounts through your phone's internet browser.2. Smaller screen than iPhone or the BlackBerry z10. If you are used to watching videos on larger screens, then this phone is not for you. Although, I feel the screen is only about an inch smaller than the iPhone. But the Q10 has greater pixel density (336 dpi vs 330 dpi) than the IPhone 4.That's it! I cannot think of any other drawbacks.The pros:1. The call/voice quality is SUPERB! It is amazing how clear the voice of the person I am speaking with sounds. Just compare it with any phone (iPhone, HTC, etc.).2. There touch screen gestures are very useful: swipe up and left to access your communication HUB is great. Also, the ability to multitask and shutdown unwanted apps are way better than iPhone or android.3. The keyboard is the BEST yet. I can type so fast that it astonishes me. I can type a whole paragraph and not make any typos. The autocorrect/learn is exceptional.4. Finally, ActiveSync is here. So your Microsoft exchange/OWA and IMAP e-mail are fully accessible. You can access contacts, folders and subfolders.5. BlackBerry messenger is absolutely amazing. You can call other BBM users via Wifi and send them text, voice, and other attachments. NO SIZE LIMITS!6. The phone is very responsive. I have used the Q10 for a month now. I never had to wait for the phone to wakeup or reboot. It has never "crashed". My wife's HTC android phone does that occasionally.7. Front and back camera is finally here on the BB. You can Skype!8. Expandable memory up to 32 GB.9. More system memory than the iPhone 4 (2048 MB vs 512 MB).10. Finally a note about apps. I mentioned the lack of apps in the cons. But I have all the apps I need: Twitter, YouTube, Maps, GoogleMaps (very good 3rd party build), facebook (that I care less about), Navita Language translator, Pandora (3rd party build), DropBox (3rd party), Box (alternative to DropBox), Skype, Weather, DocsToGo (word, excel, power point), Calculator (incl. scientific), Clock (Alarm/World Time/Stop Watch/Timer), QR/Bar code scanner, scanner/convert photos to PDF app, GasBuddy, Slacker Radio, FourSquare, LinkedIn, and more.If you are a current BB user, please buy the Q10 . It won't disappoint you. If you are first-time smart-phone buyer (or looking to switch from iPhone or Android), please give this phone a try. Most carriers allow at least 14 days returns. I believe you will love it.I shall update my review in a few months time.===Update===The BlackBerry 10 devices can run Android apps. Surprisingly, the process is quite easy. Please visit CrackBerryDOTcom or another BlackBerry user forum for instructions and download the application that lets you do this. I have "sideloaded" over a dozen Android apps on my Q10. They work just fine. Some of them are: Pandora, Dropbox, GoogleMaps, Kindle reader, and the Amazon mp3 cloud player.

I'll stick to BlackBerry /Rim technology for as long as it exists. Can't deal with virtual keyboards and a bunch of gaming apps. BlackBerry does the job it was created for

After my bold 9780 I was having doubts on Blackberry. I pass on buying the Z10 because of the qwerty physical keyboard. I waited for the Q10 and the only thing I can say its the best smartphone I have bought. Camera is great, all the contacts are very well organized, the OS10 is super fast. I think BB is coming back with new technology and will regain their market share.

Everything ok, it works fine in Argentina, but what about the position of letters "z" and "y"?? As it's shown in the picture they are "swap" (I think this is the expresion). If I look for images of this phone in google, all of them have this letter in the opposite way. Well, just that surprise. Excelent phone.Seller must tell us it's a QWERTZ (Germany) keyboard insted of a QWERTY... AZERTY (France).

As a BlackBerry user for many years, I was looking forward to getting the Q10 (so as to keep that physical keyboard, which was essential for me), although I had been very happy with the BB Bold that I've been using the past couple of years. The only negative of the Bold was that access to/use of the internet was an exercise in futility most of the time.So two weeks ago the IT department at the firm where I work informed me that they had the Q10 ready for me and I immediately agreed to "upgrade" from the Bold to a Q10. Now two weeks later, I must say that I am hugely disappointed with the Q10. Here are several reasons why:-- FIRST AND FOREMOST, my main use of a smart device is to use emails while I am not physically the office. Imagine my shock when I looked at the Q10's main pages, where it has 36 shorcuts/icons (spread over 3 pages of 12 each), ranging from "Contacts" to "Browser" to "Calendar" to "Text Messages" to (for me) utterly useless ones like "Story Maker", "Videos", "Games", etc. And where is the shortcut for email, you may ask? THERE ISN'T ONE! Nor (according to my IT guy) can you create one. So now the quickest way to get my emails is by going to Text Messages, "slide back" to the "BlackBerry Hub" (for which there is no shortcut/icon either, another "duh!" moment) and then select email. An inexcusable flaw.-- I miss the trackpad that was on the Bold. The 'swiping' interface on the Q10 is awkward, and when you want to "click" on something when you are on the internet, good luck! Likewise when you want to schedule something on your Calendar, or even harder, when you want to make a change to an existing item on your Calendar (say, to shorten a meeting from 60 to 30 min). Good luck with that!-- Speaking of the Calendar: want to try the "Go to date" function? Sorry, gone! So if you want to see what day of the week it is on, say, February 28, 2014, you have to go month by month to get there. Wow.-- Why are there separate screens for "Work" and "Personal"? There is no such distinction anymore in real life. We take our work everywhere, as we do our personal life.And on and on. I can list a number of other minor irritants, but the clumbsy way in which the emails must be accessed is the one that I simply cannot get over.The only true upgrade from the Bold is that I have now joined the rest of the world and can access the internet quickly and without any problem. I admit it's nice to have.Aside from the Browser function, I cannot say with a straight face that the Q10 is in any way an upgrade from the Bold. Bottom line: as a longtime fan and user of BlackBerry devices, I must tell you that I find the Q10 frustrating to use and disappointing. Buyer/user beware.*UPDATE (late September)* now 2 more weeks later, I have turned in my Q10 and have gone back to my old BB Bold. So I'm missing out on the great internet browsing that the Q10 provided, but I have all the things I loved about the Bold, and still love...

I use to be the biggest fan of Blackberry. I bought this cell phone thinking it was going to be the best of the best. I don't like the full touchscreen. The functions look good, but nothing works appropriately. Battery runs out after 2/3 hours. It gets restarted whenever the phone wants to. I had the hope that something went better, but i have been giving the chance for 6 months. Its the worst cell phone I have ever had.

As the title says, this is the best phone that I have owned or had the chance to mess with by far! This is my 3rd BlackBerry, my wife has had 2 different BlackBerrys, Iphone 4s, newer Samsung touchscreen and messed with my friends HTC. Let's be honest here, most of this stuff (reviews) is all opinions and personal preference, and I do not care too much about apps., I am more of a functionality type person and I really like an actual keyboard, and that 1 actual function means a ton to me. That being said, this new keyboard feels at least 35% better than the previous updated Bold's model, it is slightly larger, softer keyed, and just feels better in your hands. The Q10 (for me) runs about 3 days between charges (moderate texting & 15 min or so a day wifi), and the phone itself responds very fast. I would recommend this phone to any Blackberry lover, anyone who likes the qwerty style keyboard, and if you like the touch style screen, grab the Z10, because these 2 phones have been made amazingly well (warning* if you buy a Z10 outright online make sure you get the correct model # that goes with your provider).Corry

This phone is a good choice to change from an all digital system and analogical one. The size is a middle one, and you have a good support from Black Berry at the moment that your data is lost.

Pros - easy of use for email, keyboard, fairly fast, automatic real-time sync with BB Link for calendar & contacts, reasonably efficient in toggling between tasks.Cons - device gets very warm after little usage, battery life is poor, hard to input Phone #'s into address book (much easier w- 8800), sometimes cant access Contact list if Call log / Phone is open as well.Was hoping for more.

I love this phone! What a great feel and nice look of it! It is a shame Blackberry lose it business at such a speed.New BB10 system is great, can run Android app directly if you need something badly.

All good except that I got a phone which has Verizon logo on it. My communicaton provder is AT&T and to carry a Verizon logo depicted on the phone is awkward. When I ordered this international unlocked Q10, I expected a logo-less handset.

Vendor worked perfect and answered my requests.I'been using Blackberry since 2006, and this phone is the perfect evolution for all of them. All what you can expect from a Blackberry adding all what you actually expect from an smartphone.Is perfect for business and leisure.

Now this phone is all of what keyboard lovers like myself love.  Keyboard is top notch just like my 9900.  OS is great but takes a little time to get used to (1-2 days) But don't worry once you get the hang of it you will be all set.  Now this phone is NOT for you if you are a gamer or big on apps for fun.  This is for business users who need a workhorse to get them thru the day efficiently. Best email management device out. Do not listen to reviews like RDS who DOESN'T even own the phone.  Blackberry for some reason brings out all of the fake reviews.  I definitely recommend.

I've been a dedicated Blackberry user since the 8700c (circa 2005), upgrading to the latest iteration of Blackberry's flagship model ever since.  As an intended upgrade to my trusty but dated Bold 9900, I purchased the long awaited Q10 at release from AT&T; in the USA and have used it thoroughly/exclusively/hourly since June 20th (a full month).  I really wanted and tried fervently to like this phone.  It supports Skype, the display is beautiful, the keyboard is an upgrade, and the feel in your hand is quite nice. While I did become more proficient with the swiping gestures (although still cumbersome and too often are ineffective/misinterpreted), the lack of the trackpad and other key buttons are too detrimental to productivity.I miss the literal PIXEL precision of the trackpad, the ability to answer or end a call with a single click (though I've since learned that there is a well hidden secret combo that will end an incoming call; this is allegedly achieved by touching and holding the answer bar and then performing an upwards swiping finishing move), and the ability to quickly highlight for deletion/copy/cut/paste.  The Q10 has the precision of a THUMBPRINT.  When web browsing, you must literally enlarge the screen with a combination two onscreen and simultaneous finger `gestures', then when all you can view is a small but grossly oversized section of the webpage, you attempt to click the right hyperlink with the mash of a fingerprint.The process to highlight text on the Q10 is a laughable and remarkably ineffective process that involves extreme patience, time, and LUCK!  Highlighting is essentially dead on the Q10, or the process is so impossibly silly that you are forced to do without this crucial feature.  I assure you, the task of highlighting on the Q10 will provide you with greater challenge and frustration than thisOperation Game. Imagine the absurdity of playing two games of Operation simultaneously and you'll get the idea; it's because of the finicky way OS10 is designed that you will find yourself highlighting when you don't want to and not being able to highlight when you do want to. Even moving the cursor to an exact spot is a daunting task. I find myself settling with the rough proximity that the 'disc/Frisbee' takes me, then I delete the text and type what I intended from there.  Any user/owner of the Q10 will know exactly what I'm talking about, and while the glowing reviews are obviously based on the potential of OS10 being 'fixed', this review is based on the Q10's current performance.The subsections of the `hub' are a hassle to access from your homepage and should have a dedicated button instead of a series of swipes and touches for accessing.  You can attempt a diagonal swiping gesture and then a touch, but you'll risk inadvertently touching the tab buttons at the bottom of the homepage that will take you several pages away from your intended destination.  Which reminds me, be certain to purchase the optional insurance policy from your carrier; you'll want coverage when you inevitably hurl your Q10 at the pavement at full force while screaming obscenities.  The text messaging uses a bubble chat layout with no other layout options. While you can shrink the text to a font size of 5 or 6, the bubble chat layout pervades. It's as if this OS10 was designed for the buttonless Z10 and RIM was too lazy to fully test and revise it for the Q10.  If you and your correspondents are limited to texts that are comprised of 3 to 5 words per message, then this probably won't bother you much, but if you send elaborate texts that convey extensive information, then the Q10 is currently a FAIL for texting. While this can be resolved with an update, it's no guarantee that RIM will address this major issue.As many have said before, for virtually all tasks, it takes multiple actions to achieve what the Bold 9900 could do in one or two clicks, and that's assuming that you executed the `gestures' to the Q10's liking.  OS10 is akin to navigating the Windows 8 splash/metro page without the use of a mouse. Want to view the screen on your Q10? HA!! You'll have to swipe a couple times from the bottom to wake it up, or you press the top button to wake up the display but then you still have to swipe swiftly and fully (starting from the very bottom) just to be able to begin using your phone. It's a painful experience that will never be sufficiently resolved because of the missing trackpad and corresponding buttons.It's obvious that the Q10 was not designed for traditional Blackberry users; it's intended to win market share away from the users of the iToy, and whatever corporate imbecile(s) approved that course of action should be canned or restricted to sorting in the mailroom.  If we wanted a phone with a larger screen for watching flash videos and playing games at the cost of productivity/efficiency/accuracy/simplicity, we would have bought Apple's iToy to begin with.  A Blackberry should excel in productivity of it's callendar, calls, texts, and emails, but RIP... er RIM, apparently forgot, and for the time being, has abandoned their roots.  I can't help but ponder if the programming team of OS10 had ever held a Blackberry before, it's either that or RIM was infiltrated by competitors that wanted to insure RIM's expedient demise.To serve as a semi-upgrade to my Bold 9900, as the Q10 was one step forward in hardware but two steps backwards in nearly all other regards, I ordered theBLACKBERRY PORSCHE DESIGN P'9981 8GB QWERTY IN BLACK COLOR UNLOCKED P9981 MOBILE PHONEfrom Blackberry's affiliate, Porsche Design, this very evening. The 9981 has a straight and larger button keyboard that the Q10 took design pointers from. My next upgrade will be a future Blackberry release that isn't a crippled touchscreen device. Come to think about it, my biggest complaint of the 9900 was it's inability to disable the touchscreen (my cheek or ear would make unintended calls or put the other party on hold), a touchscreen that I NEVER found the need to intentionally interact with as the trackpad + buttons were more efficient, otherwise it was a near perfect design. If RIM/Blackberry has officially abandoned their core product in hopes to compete exclusively in the touchscreen market then you can safely hold onto your put contracts or simply don't cover your shorts until Blackberry is delisted.This rant has constructive consequences in mind.  If you share the same sentiment in that Blackberry should not abandon the trackpad + buttons concept (which IMHO was the crux of Blackberry's competitive edge), then vote that you found this review helpful and perhaps RIM will listen to their remaining patrons. I bet the bulk of  the remaining Blackberry employees have the common sense to know what their buyers want from their products, they just need to oust certain corporate nimrods to prevent future blunders of this magnitude.February 27th, 2014 update: Rejoice ye faithful Blackberry 9900 users... we need only wait until sometime after Q2 of 2014 to upgrade our 3 year old 9900s, for a worthy upgrade known as the Q20 will be available this year!! The official press release states that the Q20 will be complete with a trackpad and action buttons.  Thank God for John Chen, a CEO gifted with enough common sense to give Blackberry users a device they want.

Be carefull when you buy this one.The description means SQN100-3, but I got SQN100-2 verizon model.so you need to check before you buy.I bought another Q10 SQN100-3 from other seller. and it works fine and keypad is awesome.

I received my Q10 on 6/21 and after getting through all the activation issues, I'm still having some very basic, elementary lagging issues with my texting/BB Hub. We all know that texting is important and that it should be something that is very quick, especially nowadays, should be immediate. The issue I have is NOT NOT NOT with my network connection as it does this throughout the state and is solely within the OS. When I send a text, it takes about 30 seconds to actually show up in the conversation. I'm not referring to the time it takes to actually send, which would be fine, but physically show up in the conversation. On top of that, I can't send a text and then continue to my next text in that conversation until after the last text shows up. And all on top of that, I can't quickly move back and forth between conversations as it will keep going back to the last message I sent until the last message appears. I have spoken with AT&T; Tech Support and they couldn't do anything, now I'm going to have to do a full system restore and see if that kicks out any bugs in the OS. If that doesn't work, I'm taking it back to AT&T; and trying another Q10. If that still has the problems, I'm going to get a Samsung Galaxy S4.Please be aware that this is not just a personal issue, but blogs such as Blackberry and Crackberry, people all over are having this same issue and no OS update or resolution have been able to fix this problem. I will update if necessary, but if I don't, I've finally gone with a full touchscreen as I love the physical QWERTY keyboard. Its a disappointing problem as Blackberry was so confident with its marketing of the new 10s and multitasking through the new Hub software. Fingers are crossed for now that my issue somehow becomes resolved. Please heed this warning however because it may happen to you.***Update 6/25: I took the Q10 into AT&T; and they were as dumbfounded as I was. While there, I changed my mind about swapping for a new device and went with the Samsung Galaxy S4. I was hesitant to not only get a new device as I was worried it would occur in the future, but also with getting a full touchscreen keyboard as I have been Blackberry loyal for 10 years. I loved being able to feel the keys as I typed and not having to look down at the screen, much like typing on a computer keyboard, so it was an end of an era for me. Fortunately, the S4 was so much better in so many ways (ie, the keyboard is easy to get comfortable with and prediction is spot on but doesn't screw up your messages, and the S4 is so much more user-friendly and customizable than the bare bones Q10 - it seems like you can't customize anything with the Q10 like you used to be able to with the older BBs, and there are so many more useful apps available with the S4 - Gmail and Google Maps for two examples). So, with that said, in my review, I would definitely recommend doing away with a Blackberry and going with a more modern phone and be happier in the end after making the switch. This whole process was a huge let down and disappointment for me as I have been a big supporter of BB over the years, but this time they just fell flat on their face and let a lot of us loyal customers down. Still no patch or fix for the lagging of texts on the forums, so be aware.

This phone not works in 3G: HSPA 1, 2, 5/6, 8 (850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 MHz) and 4G:LTE 3, 7, 8, 20 (1800 / 2600 / 900 / 800 MHz). The product description is wrong, is a lie. The correct model phone is SQN100-5 (RFP121LW) Quad-band GSM/EDGE (850/900/1800/1900 MHz) Quad-Band HSPA+ 1, 2, 4, 5/6 (850/1700/1900/2100 MHz) Quad-band LTE 2, 4, 5, 17 (700/850/1700/1900 MHz). And did not works in 3g/4g.

Just received it. Should be a SQN100-3 model, I received a 100-2 model instead. Locked to verizon. What a joke!!!

Dream keyboard, fast operating system, screen clarity, excellent sound.  The only thing i am missing is word mole.  Here in Spain the Blackberry Q10 isn't offered yet with my carrier, so it ended up being the first cellular I have every paid for.  Worth every centimo.

The swipe feature is cumbersome and difficult at best. It needs a return key for faster more percise use.  It also will not run the SUPRA Ekey software my old blackberry runs.

At first I wasn't sure if I should get the Q10 or not, being the new OS 10 and all, but after reading other reviews here at Amazon I decided to go for it. I was a little dissapointed that you don't get the excellent e-mail service through BlackBerry servers on OS 10, but after discovering the excellent hardware (the device is super fast and works quickly with any app) and the ability to install Android apps - I really love my Q10! It has everything that I want and need, including the QWERT keyboard, but without the annoyance of being an actual Android device. I am a die hard BlackBerry user and I will stay with BlackBerry as long as they keep up the good work. My next device will be the Q30!

I need more time to give an adviceI notice the camara it's a little difficult to catch the photos, I can't adapt yetI don't find the Apps I had it on my last BB, don't know why, Facebook for this BB is bad and don't have the messenger for Facebook pretty bad:( but I still love BB system

I have read many reviews about this phone and this is one of the best and most detailed:[...]It's a real tough decision:  QWERTY vs. Media

Perfect SMARTphone. You can easily handle daily business with it. It is solid and crafted very well. The phone itself is really cool and unique compared to its competitors (Apple, Samsung, Sony). The keyboard works better than any touch could ever do in my opinion. The only downside is the app store of BlackBerry. There is great room for improvement. Nevertheless I can totally recommend the product.

My phone have Verizon logo printed

This is the best smartphone product with a keyboard. Fantastic Battery life. Gorgeous Display and extremly fast web browser.The flow of the system requires small tricks like swipping up and down but its very simple. Give it a day if you are slow to adapt. But once you get a hang of it, you would love the flow experience of the phone.Hub is a very user friendly feature and does a very good job of consolidating all your notifications.App selection is pretty decent and growing. Main apps i use are facebook and Skype which are available. This is not the phone if you are a very heavy app user. This is a phone for effeciency , productivity and fantastic typing exeperience. I used to be an iphone guy but after Blackberry 10 came along i have never looked back.BTW type and go is fantastic and so is the time shift on the camera.

I tried switching over from iPhone 5 because it's battery life was getting really bad and I didn't want to buy a new expensive iPhone. So I gave blackberry a chance. I used to have a blackberry (about 5 years ago) and loved it because of the keyboard so I thought this would be great for me. But it's far from great for me! Here are the reasons:-Maps function was so horrible and slow that I didn't even get around to finding the actual directions. Lost my patience while typing in the address. It was just so slow-I use google docs and google apps for my business and this one didn't have that option. They did have some kind of 3rd party app for google docs but you'd have to pay for it and I did not want to buy any apps since I had a feeling I will not be using this phone.-when you scroll through a page then the swiping motion gets confused and brings you to whatever menu "swipe up" goes to if you swipe from too low in the screen.-Web Browser is slow and doesn't work well. It didn't open a lot of links within the 2 hours I used it. And some of these sites were blackberry's own sites! Also: that was on a good wifi network, don't even know what it would be like on 4g-I like that with Android or iOS you can see a quick glimpse of the incoming notification (email, text message etc) at the upper bar. With blackberry you have to go and "peek"  if you hear a notification. It's another unnecessary swipe you have to do. I have a lot of texts and emails come in and some of them are important and have to be dealt with right away. Some can wait. I don't want to have to peek into the notification hub every time I hear a text come in when I'm in the middle of typing another email or in a video call.-Pretty much the whole os is just slow. I am very fast and want my phone to be as fast. I don't want to wait even 5 seconds for something to open. I would probably be ok with it if I never got used to iPhone's speed.-Everything just seemed crowded and confusing. True, it will not be confusing once you give it a chance and get used to it but I felt like it was not worth my time to learn to get to know a new os after I have seen so many cons to it already.So, it's getting the 2nd star for the great look but nothing else. Keyboard is still awesome and the phone itself looks and feels great. I just don't see who would go to blackberry after using iPhone it just felt like I was using a phone that's about 3 years behind the rest of the smartphone market.Will be sorry to return this phone tomorrow, I wish it worked out!

Cell phones are really about the software. The look and feel of the hardware is important, but it's the software that you are really interacting with.I'm assuming that anyone reading about the Q10, has owned a BlackBerry and is aware of the BlackBerry OS 10 and "The Hub" feature, so I won't bother mentioning that here as others have written about it elsewhere.If you're a game player, than this phone, with it's small screen is not for you...When BlackBerry's new OS 10 Z10 touch screen phones came out one year ago, my carrier sent me one to replace my malfunctioning Bold 9900.But using that phone (running on the new OS 10.1) for business quickly proved to be a bad experience.Slsewhere on Amazon, I wrote a review of the Z10 as a business phone.I don't think that I kept that phone more than a few days before I returned it and went back to my dying Bold.Then last November I  had read that BlackBerry's new Q10 had the latest operating system update, 10.2 and the review listed the improvements to the way the phone operated as well as the features that had been returned to the phone.So, I bought one.. only to find out that the 10.2 software update had only been released in Europe and Canada, but not in the U.S.As a business phone, the Q10 on 10.1 was a huge disappointment to use and I was going to write a review about it, but the first review listed here, written by Sean P. really accurately summed up my experience at the time with the Q10 and so there was no point to that.To put it mildly, trying to use the phone with BlackBerry OS 10.1 software was time consuming and frustrating.Especially if you were typing a document or even an sms and needed to edit it... The editing tools took forever to get to function..With OS 10.1, text editing is nearly impossible, because the touch screen sensors wouldn't respond to the touch inputs.. (Inputs and editing which are identical to an iPhone).At the time, in my opinion, the only features that were great about the phone, are the battery life (in heavy usage, it seems to last all day), it's ruggedness, the width and therefore ease of use of the touch screen and the predictive typing (as much as I like the iPhone, BlackBerry is miles ahead with that feature).I was getting ready to return my Q10, when I learned about how to get the 10.2.0 update (via a "Leak"... something that owners of other types of phones don't have to deal with).When I installed that, many of the problems with the phone, like text editing were lessened or resolved.I had also read that the 10.2.1 update was due to be released soon and so, I kept the phone, because it was at least useable and showed promise.With 10.2.0 they phone's screen responded more accurately to the touch inputs and reinstalled was one touch speed dialing, but only from the call screen.Plus there were new features, like lock screen notifications, that I found useful and other features, like the Dark Screen background in the Calendar, that I visually liked.But with the new OS 10.2.1 update installed, it's like having a souped up Bold 9900.The Q10 running on OS 10.2.1 combines a physical keyboard and the functionality of a touchscreen along with the availability of the same apps as all of the other  smart phones.Back is universal one touch speed dialing from the home screen as well as the call screen.Back is the organization of your contacts into category folders.Back is a manual type of selective sync, where individual folders and files from your computer, can be dragged over to the phone (in the BlackBerry Link application).Once you get used to it, there is a quickness to the flow of gesturing with the Q10 which, in terms of navigating around the phone, seems to be faster than the iPhone 5S. Combined with the physical keyboard, it makes for a very easy and efficient phone to use.As an example, with the iPhone, if you're in an app and you want to perform a search of the phone, you press the home screen button to move out of the app, and then gesture down to bring up the keyboard and then start typing.With the Q10, if you're in an app, you gesture up to move out of the app and then start typing.If you're in an app on the iPhone and you want to make a phone call, you have to move out of the app, press the phone app and if the keypad is not up, press that and then dial (tap) your call.On the Q10, you move out of the app and start dialing the phone number.Or if the number you want to call is a contact that's been assigned a speed dial button, then you can just hold the button and the number dials.Also with the release of OS 10.2.1, BlackBerry has finally addressed the issue regarding the lack of apps that are found on both Droid and iOS phones.They have done this by opening the door that allows for the  direct downloading and launching of the .apk apps that are available for DROID phones.Business apps, like credit card readers, invoicing and estimating programs as well as the endless host of apps that are only supported on iOS and Droid, can now be run on BlackBerry OS 10 phones.My only real criticisms are of the native Voice Control feature, the camera, spam and the lack of call blocking (either native or via a 3rd party app.)BlackBerry's Voice Control is really a hit and mostly miss affair. It sort of reminds me of an Abbot and Costello routine. The phone just doesn't understand the commands most of the time. And when it does, after confirming the command, it asks you if you want to the phone to perform that command "now" which is redundant.Siri on the iPhone 5S buries BlackBerry's voice control in every way.The camera, both in it's image quality and it's functions, is mediocre at best.Unlike the iPhone 5S, which has built in native call blocking and junk mail filters or the Legacy BlackBerry's which have really good call blocking and spam apps approved for the phone, OS 10 phones as of this writing, lack the ability to selectively block phone calls or filter junk mail, either natively or with a 3rd party app.If you are a business owner who constantly gets calls from telemarketers, you'll find the inability to set up call blocking lists, to be annoying.And to address those of you who still use a Bold or other phone with a track pad, gesturing is not faster and it's not more efficient when it comes to text editing. It's never going to be.But the use of track pads on smart phones is being universally discontinued. Until someone figures out that track pads and jog dials are much smarter to use, it's a reality that has to be accepted.Galaxy has returned the use of the stylus, because it's more accurate than your finger... (I always thought that Jobs was off base when he introduced the iPhone and said that "your finger is the only stylus you need").And the other reality is, that track pads are only a second to a few seconds faster. Even though mentally it can seem like it, seconds are not minutesTo sum up:BlackBerry was always a phone for business and with the Q10 now running on OS 10.2.1 we are seeing a return to the concerns of using a phone to facilitate the running of a business.There are trade offs between all of the top smart phones out there and certainly the Q10 running on 10.2.1, while it may lack in a few features, does some things better than other phones.You just have to decide what features in a phone are important to you.

The phone is not really in a new shape but is working  I had to spend another $125 before the phone could work with my T mobile carrier.

works great :)

good

I am counting the days until my contract expires and I can trade in the Q10.  It is the clumsiest most poorly designed smartphone on the market IMHO.  It will not automatically dial the voice mail (there is supposedly a software update to fix that that will hopefully arrive before the company goes out of business).  If you do not carry it in a holster, the only way to answer a call is with a "pull down" - which can be very awkward and hit-or-miss.  The touchscreen seems to be 10 layers too thick and very I insensitive.  There is not much to like, except the tactile keyboard - which is why I stayed with the BB in the first place.  Guess I'll have to get used to the touchscreen keyboard for my next phone, because this is the LAST BB product I will own!

It is beautiful and easily used. I like it. I hope that the blackberry will get more and more better.

Finally some phone meant for business, not for kids with those all touch silly phones.Perfect physical keyboard like any phones has, I personally couldn't get use to virtual keyboardon touch screen phones. With this keyboard you can type not looking, which is really great.Also the phone is very well built, you can feel the higher class here. Most important my effectivenessincreased at my work immediately after I started using Q10. All messages, emails in one place sorted perfectlywith instant notification. The phone call sound is clear and loud enough and screen is well visible even in the sun.That's all I need, love blackberry and I regret I did switch for a few months to samsung galaxy - terrible phone,but I got rid of it already. I'm sure physical keyboard phones will come back soon in larger number after today's flood of touch screen wannabe phones.

Got sent the correct model (SQN100-3) from this seller, fulfilled by Amazon, after the previous attempt, also fulfilled by Amazon, got me sent a Verizon branded locked phone.When ordering off a supplier which is fulfilled by Amazon I would recommend calling them as soon as you place the order and requesting they make sure they send the unbranded International SQN100-3 model.  Otherwise it's a lottery as Amazon do not seem to realise the difference between the 5 sub models.Once I got the right one I was impressed.  Personally I have a Nexus 4 and am happy with the onscreen keyboard as I don't write lots of emails on my phone.  This Q10 is for my wife, who uses her phone for work, including a lot of typing, and can't face losing the physical keyboard.  The keyboard is excellent, and the Blackberry OS 10 software has obviously matured and is quite impressive.  Great to see development on it is still going on despite Blackberry's troubles!  If only they had got this phone out earlier they might have had a winner, unfortunately too many users moved on.If you do want a phone for work, not games, and like a physical keyboard, this phone won't disappoint.Great screen, very responsive with the snapdragon CPU.  Silky smooth, no lag as all.  Screen isn't too small.  Blazes along on 4G.  Battery lasts well, getting 3 days with light use (mainly emails and texts, no gaming or videos).  My wife is very happy with it, and can't fault anything on it so far.

I need my phone to work as a communication device, not a mobile game platform. In this regard, the Q10 excels. The BB10 operating system provides you with a 'Hub' that has all your messages in one easy to navigate spot, and is easily accessed with a quick swipe of the finger from pretty much anywhere.4 stars because there is a severe lack of configuration options. This is mostly fine, because the defaults that have been chosen aren't too bad. However, it doesn't seem possible to include your own tones / music for the provided / native alarm clock application. The configuration options for notification sounds and such is also fairly limited. I'm also bummed about the lack of a native XMPP / Jabber client, the Google Talk app is great, for Google Talk / Hangouts, but only allows 1 account logged in at a time, and doesn't, of course, allow for any other XMPP services. I was also hoping the maturity level of Blackberry World would be superior to that of Google Play, but after seeing so many 'sex master' apps, the answer is a disappointing 'No'.This bugs me, because improving the quality of software available in Blackberry World would make Blackberry the brand to beat. I'm tired of searching for a calculator or other simple utility, only to find 20+ of varying levels of quality, all with 3-5 stars. It would be amazing If I could count on the apps I find to be of a certain level of quality.In spite of the flaws, I was tired of Android and the build quality of this phone is phenomenal. It feels luxurious, like a well crafted product that was meant to last for longer than a 2 year contract. The keyboard is also a dream to type on. I'm not as quick as I was with Swype, but I somehow enjoy the experience more.

Dear Sir or MadamI bought a BB Q10 from Audio Plaza in October 28, 2013 with ORDER NUMBER #002-1989501-6765066. However it was automatic shutdown then turn on at least 4 TIMES per day recently.I am living in Germany and I would like to ask how can I sent to customer service to repair it.  I would not find the warranty address in Germany on internet.I look forward to hearing from you.Best regardsAnh

I am a dedicated Blackberry user and wanted to stick with the keyboard so rather then switching to an android or iphone I went for it with the BB Q10. I am very happy, phone came new, unlocked and I have had zero problems other then getting used to a new phone.

THE CABLE COME WITHOUT PROBLEMS, WORKS WELL ON KENWOOD BIT 901, IS A GENERIC CABLE BUT WORKS WELL, AND HAVE THE CORRECT SIZE, THE ONLY PROBLEM IS KENWOOD, THEY HAVE TO IMPROVE THE BACK AREA OF HIS STEREOS CARS.

As a BB 9900 and Ipod user, I clearly understand the evolution that leads to Q10. I like it, in spite of some difficulties in getting used to it. However, the phone I ordered from Amazon.com was a Verizon-branded equipment, with no headphones and no (leather) case included. This was not stated in the description. First time since 1998 that I buy a phone that comes in an original box and has no headphones. Unacceptable to me, especially knowing that friends who bought it elsewhere got great modern and improved headphones and a superb leather case.

&Iacute;tem is in good condition but it comes WITH accessories from different countries and it Was not announced this way

EXCELLENT PRODUCT AND I LOVE THE KEY BOARD AND SPEED.  HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT TO ANYONE WHO WANTS A KEY BOARD SMART PHONE.

I've been on an Android Device for the past 2 years, occasionally switching back to a Bold 9900 + PlayBook.I read several forum threads about users complaining about their problems with the Q10 and BB10 in general. Reading them prepared me for what to expect: a great messaging and time management tool with poor multimedia capabilities. I also expected not to look for the blackberry keys (dial, menu, trackpad, back, hangup) and instead, made an effort to go through the tutorials to learn the new way of moving around.I finally got my Q10 after bracing for the worst. It helped. I ended up loving what the Q10 does best. This phone is a hundred times better than the Bold 9900! I got the black one for WIND Mobile and it updated itself to 10.2 as soon as I fired it up.Likes:1. The keyboard feels even better than the Bold 9900.2. Great feel in the hand and just the right size and weight.3. The LED notification light.4. Crisper, brighter, larger screen than the Bold 9900.5. The new font is great on the eyes.6. One-Key Speed dial.7. Multi-select items to delete/mark read/unread.8. Can use delete key to delete a message.9. Can use qwerty keyboard to dial a number.10. Can hit N/P to go to next to previous message.11. Can hit T/B to go to the top or bottom of a page/list.12. Can use the auto-sleep holster.13. The new BBM.New Likes:1. Great battery life: only drained 8% after a 1 hour phone meeting.2. Navigation has no lag.3. The Hub & Peak improves workflow.4. Calendar supports multiple Gmail calendars and delegates.5. New alarm clock setting style.6. Very fast browser.7. Predictive text.8. Browser's Reader Mode and Find On Page.10. High Def camera and built-in photo editor and Share feature.11. Blackberry Remember.Dislikes:1. Why I didn't do this sooner.I'm loving this device. I expect some growing pains, but I accept those. I am still a happy crackberry. I will keep my other Android phones with me. But I will enjoy the time I have left with possibly one of the last mobile phones with a QWERTY keyboard. When BlackBerry dies, we will all be left with just a candy bar form factor. No more choices. That is just sad.

This  is the best smart pone for work/mailAlso can install Android app,it is a big plus for Q10Keypad still good to use vs 9900

I have been expecting the new Blackberry and new system. They work amazingly well. I chose the Q10 because I really need the keyboard and the new one is the best ever.

thats nice

RIM has done a nice job at attempting new innovative things.Good- Keyboard, screen, hub, address book (integrates across fb, linkedin, email accts etc.), NFC, light weight, keyboard typing- Excellent battery life- I like Hub. It looks ugly at first but it can be customizedOkay- Internal map application. Free but not that great.Bad- No Escape (return) button. Yes, it is possible to live without it.- Warms up every now and then- It seems like you are giving lot of permissions to every app that you download. Maybe apple does the same and does not even ask- While swiping up on a website or fb, it triggers the swipe up from the bottom middle action (new virtual escape/return button) and the app tries to 'minimize'. There is some change in contrast with swiping up, which is weird.Ugly- No change of profile when put in holster or plugged into power (night mode). DEAL BREAKER for me that led me to return the phone.- No physical button to redial or end a call. The main difference b/w Q10 and Z10 is physical keyboard.- Fast Dial keys (pressing say 1 to go vm). It takes three virtual screen clicks before you can use the 'fast' physical key.- No sync of the 'merged' addresses with outlook. Loss of all 'linked' addresses from outlook.- Awful text selection, better write correct the first time. Going back to a specific spot in the email is painful.- Some random bugs that stops calendar alerts every now and then. After missing a meeting or two, you realize it and then reboot takes care of it. Another DEAL BREAKER.

My company gave me no choice but to either upgrade from the Bold 9900 to a Q10 or acquire an Iphone 5 or another approved Android smartphone. If email is a priority feature for your smartphone and having a keyboard is important for you to write emails, then think no more about the only choice that makes sense.I will write a proper review comparing the Q10 to my Bold 9900 as soon as my time allows, but I can honestly say that despite the excitement that many of my colleagues expressed in getting an Iphone 5, there are so many who keep complaining at being less productive in responding to emails, even though my company provided them with an add-on keyboard.I am extremely dependent on my Ipad, but to be productive for my work while on the go, the BBerry is by far the best email communicator there is in the market, and it does provide with excellent and clear phone service.My only hope is for when BBerry gets privatized, the new owners understand better their core customer group, and make bold decisions on how to capitalize on them while accepting to be a smaller and viable profitable company.

display model is 100-3 versionbut i'm received another modelit's 100-2 version !!omg!!!!!what happen???i want to refund money inclued shipcost

I didn't buy mine from Amazon.com, but always like to leave a review for other people to benefit from. This is a fantastic phone for business people and people that do a lot of messaging. One of the best features is file management, there's no other phone like it. Its not big on apps, but by no means useless. The physical keyboard is the best ever. Be warned however this is a brand new OS and is a radical departure from the old BB experience, takes some getting used to, but once you do productivity will be enhanced instantly!

Excellent excellent phone, very practical, very fast modern yy. From all points of view is excellent I recommend it to anyone interested in purchasing it

Awesome, love it. Wouldn't ever go back to my S3/S4/Xperia :)) Ive always been a blackberry person and I will never stop being one

I made the purchase around December last year and I've been using the device for a month now, let me pinpoint why I prefer this device over every other phone out there.Good aspects:Motions - I was primary looking for a device that had some sort of motion to skip songs and got what I wanted on the Q10 as you can skip songs by holding the volume up or down button.- They way you can turn your device by just swiping your finger over the screen is amazing and makes the power button useless unless you want to turn off your device.Physical Keyboard - This is an enormous plus as I was completely tired of typing on the screen of my previous device,each key is properly placed and it feels comfortable at touch, at the same time I can type faster than most of my friends and makes the need of the trackpad useless in my opinion.Blackberry Hub - This feature is probably one of the best out there, you can easily have all your accounts set up on one place and review if there's any updates, we are talking about social networks, email accounts, text messages, phone calls, whatsapp and other apps that can be easily attached to the hub.Images - They can be easily edited after being taken and the quality of HD they provide are really good except for the front camera which needs work.Background apps - The way you can minimize the apps you're using and check if there's any updates on the hub or open any other app at the same time makes it a really nice feature I haven't found on any other device.Keyboard shortcuts - A really nice feature that probably most don't know, you can turn your screen up by pressing certain keys of the keyboard such as W, E, R, S, D, F, Z, X, C, as well as scrolling down texts with N and going back with P, you can also jump on texts a little further with the space bar and you can go back with the Up arrow and Space bar at the same time or even creating your own acronyms under Language and Input where you can easily type any acronym and the device will automatically change the acronym to the complete word.Speaker - The quality is amazing you just have to unplug your earphones and try it yourself.Needs work:Blackberry world - Is not a secret to everybody that the BB world lacks tons of apps, however one of the most recent update provided was to have the option of side-loading Android apps and most of them are compatible, Line can be side-loaded and attached to the Blackberry Hub, I even find myself using this device more for playing games than the S2.If there's any questions I'll be happy to answer them.

I've had this phone for about 3 months. This phone is for getting work done. They keyboard is amazing, it reminds me of popping bubble wrap, the word prediction is fantastic. The battery life is fantastic, you never worry about it dying 10% battery life lasts for hours, on other smartphones you're counting the minutes and rushing to tell your friends that your phone is about to die.Not with the Q10!What are the draw backs?You don't get the latest and greatest apps, you're relying on third party developers to bring you apps like Instagram (if that matters to you) but apps are very affordable and a lot of the time better than the original.Contact management can be a bit weird if you're not using a major email provider like Outlook, Gmail, Yahoo or you're not on a corporate exchange server.Push email support is only on receive so read, draft, sent is not instantly updated on your mail server it can take upto 5 minutes or you can manually tell the Q10 to update the mail server. This goes for calendar and contacts as well.There are limits to the amount of mail you can keep on you're phone unless you're using an exchange server.Out of the box music player is pretty bad, it scans you're device for audio files and includes everything including ring tones.BlackBerry Link is garbage backups can take 10 minutes or more. Manual contact syncing is messy it does not sync groups, some fields don't come over. Local file access which let's you browse files on your pc or mac is unreliable on the mac you have to turn off your firewall.

After I got my SIM card (on Jan 03 2014) and inserted it into the phone, i got a message stating &#34;SIM Card Blocked. Your Device is Network locked. Contact your service provider.&#34; The phone was NOT unlocked as stated. I had to spend TTD $400 (app USD$64.00) to get my phone unlocked. This is absolutey ridiculous. I would like to get a refund of this amount as it was no fault of mine that the phone was not Unlocked. The name of the phone/Product name that i ordered stated &#34;Blackberry Q10 Black 16GB Factory Unlocked, International Version&#34;.

Though the key pad is great, the phone lacks speed. Comparing to the good old Curve that I own,this one has disappointed me. The initial booting is very slow. There are many layers that the OS has to pass through before opening its eyes wide open. I found it a bit too wide to operate by one hand. The touch screen seems rather too sensitive, making it hard to avoid inadvertent activation of applications and calls. I expected a better upgrade.

I like it because I being a Blackberry buff get to use an efficient SMART Phone along with a convenient key pad. It looks difficult to use in the beginning but once you get the hang of it its pretty cool.I tried installing Viber on it but surprisingly got a message that it is not available for this device.

I just got my new BB Q10 two weeks ago replacing my old BB.First of all, I would like to indicate that the keyboard of the Q10B is just as good as its previous one and even better (bigger and easier to type).However, the rest was kind of disappointing, such as sensitivity of the gestures, swiping that sometimes it goes the wrong way, sometimes it just does not move.the design / the layout are not too intuitive either. it is hard to find the battery remaining level.  I could no longer turn the Q10 off while keeping the alarm active which the older versions do.  I travel world-wide and do not want other people call me during the night when it could be the daytime in US, but I need the alarm to wake me up. The Internet screen gets stuck (screen are just freezed) often... just too many issues make me frustrated too often.I wish it could be as good as iPhone WITH A BB's KEYBOARD and EMAIL FUNCTIONS.  Good luck folks!DS

Works perfectly!

Actually I never used it. I gave it to a friend for a special gift. I don't know how he likes it.

Tried to initiate the use of the bb but could not go beyond the agreement page.Called the seller directly, the person who received the call tried to make a transfer to another staff but could not make it. That was the last l heard from themHad to go to AT&T; store , got stuck in same page. Was directed to AT&T; service centre where some repair was made. I was not told what the problem was.I have since ordered the Nokia lumia 920 which is great.

I'm very disappointed with the seller. This phone is SQN100-1 Quad-band LTE 2, 4, 5, 17 (700/850/1700/1900 MHz).The ad says: International Version - 4G / LTE 3, 7, 8, 20 (1800 / 2600 / 900 / 800 MHz) IT'S NOT TRUE !I can't use 4G band in Europe. The seller knows this but continues selling it. I feel cheated.

Though it was indicated that it is international version, my BB Q10 has Verizon logo under keyboard and &#34;My Verizon Mobile&#34; application. It does not make any problem, but I would prefer the phone without Verizon logo.

the B.B. work very fast and fine i one well done product and in chile capture all signal by ENTEL.

I brought this blackberry q10 and after the 30days pasted this phone stop working and it not cheap lot of things selling here on amazon are Refurbished so people pls beware i will never do that again. When i buy on ebay it take more than a year before i will be having problem i am a shopper i shop alots and when you buying things and they all fake i will advise people to stop buying from this seller because once you buy it they only fixed it so that it wont stop working only for 30days after you will cry and get mad at yourself now i lean my own lesson not to buy from this company again and Amazon products are are (Refurbished ).

The upshot is-- if Blackberry had issued the Q10 first, their devices would be on fire with demand right now.  The Z10 was an ok launch, but most of those looking at BB these days are keyboard junkies, as am I.  Here's my take-- this is just big enough and modern enough to let you really enjoy the swiping, wiping and lightning fast full internet browser touch screen that was lagging farther and farther behind the competition until the new Operating System.  Very quickly, though, you'll realize the second nature use of the keyboard is still there and makes this a completely utilitarian device, too.  The slightly bigger size is not enough to hinder the one hand type input that many BB users can do in their sleep.  So, you get a little classic and a little leading edge all in one device.  The bells are there as well- high quality camera, voice commands (suspiciously like Siri), video calling, shared device viewing and even the little tap of the phones data sharing.  Nice job and kudos to the designers.  Boo hoo to whoever came up with the launch order, though...

The device is something i wnated for the last couple of months as i was tired of using the touch screen ones on anroids.....being an old balckberry user i wanted to upgrade to bb10 from my curve 8520. I miss the touch pad in the q10; I would recommend this device to all who have been using blackberry earlier and all business users.

Joycells,Thank you very much for the prompt delivery, this was ordered on June 6, 2014, and I received it on June 9, 2014.  The cellphone is in the original package brand New and everything is intact. I have not done anything with it yet because this is a gift. Overall, am very happy with the presentation.

NOT the phone...The PHONE ****** 6 stars!!! i love it!!!! but i REALLY REALLY REALLY hate MANGO WIRELESS!!! BEWARE and DON'T BUY FROM THEM...they say that it is BRAND new....NOT!!!! in the 3,5 months i have it i have problems with keyboard and battery loss that i have to charge every 6-8 hours...also when i tried to communicate with THEM for MY 1 YEAR MANUFACTURE WARRANTY they simple said that I DONT have ONE!!!! WHERE IN THE WORLD A BRAND NEW PRODUCT DOESN'T HAVE MANUFACTURE WARRANTY!!!! Beware !!!

I've been long-awaiting the q10 but I'm not sure how I feel after purchasing it. The interface not at all user-friendly, and 4 t-mobile store employees in 2 locations don't know how to use the phone or guide me through it. Getting out of menus is very confusing, time-consuming, and frustrating. I have been a user of multiple BlackBerry devices, but I'm really unsure i'll keep this model. I might go back to my Torch.

The Q10 is a great experience. However, the battery storage life is rather short, perhaps due to the many apps it can carry. Like all new products, the phone initially takes getting used to, but once you get a hang of it, you don't feel like leaving it alone. I will recommend it to friends and family.

Unlocked mobile as mentioned.. it is beautiful and in shape.

I originally got my phone with Sprint, because I wanted a phone that could work anywhere in the world.  Little did I know, that Sprint BBs CAN work anywhere, but only if you use roaming...  Which pretty much defeats the purpose of having it, unless you are some businessman whose company is paying for your phone usage.  I plugged my Colombian SIM card into this phone, and it immediately recognized it and started searching for service.I'm not going to do a full fledged review of the phone.  All I'll say is that I love the battery life, it takes great photos, it isn't gigantic, having a physical keyboard is awesome, the predictive text is excellent (even with multiple languages), you can use ALL apps (with a little bit of work), and, at least to me, it is very easy to use.  I love my phone.

that Evernote doesn't work in normal function on the phone...like it did on "Google" (LG) Nexus 4.expandable memory is a must, and wanted a keyboard.regrettably too many of calling functions of phone goes through touch screen,so still end up hanging up during conversation, or switching to next track unintentionally whilst listening to music or audiobooks.Most annoying: how to get your BBIM ID?from your old handset.... well what when the old ones were stolen?

I love this phone. I am not sure if I can go back to a full touch screen after using this keyboard again. The 'hub' system and swipe structure on the new blackberry is really fast and convenient.

All around, it's an excellent phone; however, as a longtime loyal blackberry user, I'm disappointed with some notifications configuration options missing from BB7 and prior versions, namely, the inability to create groups of callers to share a dedicated set of ringtones for phone, email and text messages coming from such group, and not being able to set a number of times an email notifier should repeat upon receipt, as I've used different number of repetitions and tones for each of my mail accounts.  Hopefully this will be corrected on a future software upgrade.  Other than these issues, I really like this phone.

Very well I love blackberry brands ,I love pinging on BBM . I would recommend this phoneTo any one that like unlocked phones

The phone is good, but I bought it from &#34;aSavings&#34; that announced the SQN100-3 but I received the model SQN100-5, so I cant use 4g in my country (Brasil). Dont trust aSavings, they announce one product and you receive a different one, terrible!!!

I have owned the HTC evo shift, the iPhone 5, and now the Blackberry Q10, And let me you. The Q10 beats them all! The screen is  absolutely vibrant and the QWERTY keyboard is a huge plus! the Blackberry 10 OS is definitely the biggest update in history. With a new OS comes the new Blackberry App World that is growing rapidly with tons of new apps hourly! You can also side load any android app. The navigation has a little bit of a learning curve but once you get used to it you will never go back to ios and Android. Blackberry has really upd the ante in terms of build quality, the Q10 feels better in your hand than the Htc one!Overall this phone is incredible and i will never go back to an iPhone or Droid again, Thank you blackberry for this amazing product.

Pretty good phone. The interface, especially for hardcore blackberry users, is not very user-friendly... but one grows accustomed over time. Call quality was ok. Nothing like the older BBs (like the bold etc.). OS10 has a lot of potential IMHO

It works very good with Telcel in Mexico, so I recomend it you a lot. It is more cheaper than buy it in Mexico

The Blackberry Q10 it is a great improvement by Blackberry. It keeps the funtionality and confort of the keyboard with a great display and useful software according to current times. Great phone!

Brand new unbranded Blackberry Q10I have used Blackberries in the past, but the new operating system Blackberry has takes giant steps forward. The OS on this device makes you feel like you are using the most current technology even in what is considered a classic form factor.Battery life is pretty good, not the best I've seen. Keyboard is rock solid. Screen is clear and the touch screen is very usable.

I've had numerous blackberries and two android phones in the past. I came to the Q10 from the blackberry 9900. The transition was a bit difficult, since the phone's UI has a learning curve, and the initial OS builds lacked some functionality and had a few bugs that I didn't like. I think many old time BB users got the phone thinking that it would support every function that their old phone did. The problem is that OS10 (which the Q10 runs) is entirely new, so there will be some features missing (like very robust USB outlook sync). That being said, this is an excellent phone.I like the OS on this phone because it is extremely well designed, consistent and fast to use. Whereas IMO, an android phone feels as though it was designed by committee with inconsistent look and feel, OS conventions, etc. In any case, the OS is very fast, intuitive and powerful. Yes, it doesn't have the apps that android does, but it has everything I need and is far superior to the old BB OS in terms of app offerings. The phone is also constructed well and has an awesome speaker - easily the best I've heard on any phone. Call quality is top notch. Imagine a smart phone that you can actually use as a phone ;-)But the real kicker is this - if you want a powerful smartphone with great battery life, a modern OS and a keyboard, there is simply no other alternative.If you buy the phone, makes sure you upgrade to 10.1 MR release of the OS and use the latest version of BBlink. Both fix a number of bugs and add features.

very good this blackberry phone q10, fast and with a friendly interface that makes operation simple, I recommend your system bb10

The delivery was right on time. Excellent service and the phone is working great.The Q10 is great!! Not so the apps, but it is BB.

After days waiting i got this Q10, i planned to use this phone in China instead of my iphone 5, however, after i changed my mini sim card to micro sim card and inserted the card, i found this device's internet is locked, it says i need to contact to the original service provider. I tried many ways to find the way to unlock it, and i failed. I wasted 1 week on this phone and it could only use wifi, i couldn't even call anyone on this $400 phone. It wastes my time and money

After almost 3 years I finally decided to get a new phone. I traded in my old Blackberry Torch. The main thing that sold me on this phone was the keyboard. I'm not too keen on the touchscreen phones. But on to the ...What I liked about this phone:-Full size keyboard with keys big enough that even guys with big fingers can text.-The speaker is much louder than my old Torch and has excellent sound quality.-Cameras on both the front and back.-I like the editing features for photos.-Some of the apps are better than the Torch (file manager, documents, messaging)-The camera is quicker, in that you can take more photos more quickly.What I do not like about this phone:-Poor selection of apps. I can't get I Heart , Shazaam, or most of the other apps that were available for the Torch.-Customizing your ringtones is difficult, after a week of searching, I still haven't found my ringtone folder, or how to upload audio files into my phone. So far, all of my stuff is stored on my external card.-Once an app is opened, it can be difficult to minimize and close it. I do it like the sales lady at AT&T; showed me how, but it doesn't always work the first time.-I don't like how the music folder is categorized in icons instead of a list.Although I have only ad this phone for 6 days, my opinion so far is that the Blackberry Torch was a far superior phone. It could do so much more than the q10 does. I'm not sure if I am going to keep this phone, I may trade it for a Samsung Galaxy.

DearQ10 is bellow any expectations and it is defective and it is not working and I can't open messages,I don't receive pins,I can't established email accounts...WORST EVER EXPERIENCED WITH PHONE..AND I DON'T KNOW IF THIS ONE IS BROKEN OR WHT HAPPENED WITH THIS PHONE..and yes..im sending back this fone today...looking forward for refund..pity:(((

Mobile phone is lock!Buy this cell phone is unlocked when I saw the show, but my friend in dubai can not use! Friends say like, although can't make a phone call, he decided to find American friends to unlock! The perfect gift!

TheTouchscreen was not sensitive to commands and it was a nightmare. I had to return it.I could not open the Phone or text Icons

I was so excited to get a new bb. A very basic feature just will not work on this one, namely,  sending pics in a text meassage. This is essential for dating and quite frankly has ruined a couple nights for me. You get an error and right now I am waitiing help from BB. They want me to wait 48 hours. I am sooo disappointed. In fact, Im going to the store and buying an iphone right now. At least I know theres no hassle. Terrible....Oh, and the texting, again a very basic feature that you should get right, looks terrible, big grey boxes, ugly yellow lines, ugly little check boxes,  and lots of wasted space. You cant change it. also texts are arranged by date not contact in texting. I guess i am supposed to be using BBM to customize? ...I totally give up on BB. Its supposed to be a useful, customizable tool. Do you people not get it?

For all of you who are looking to buy an unlocked phone, make sure it is for the network you are on or are going to be using.  I recently switched from Verizon to AT&T and was told that I could use my Verizon phone on the AT&T network as long as I unlocked the phone.  This is partially true.  The phone works but certain features are not available and I had to charge the battery at least 4 times a day.  Eventually I called Verizon tech support to see what was going on (because the Blackberry was an unlocked Verizon phone) and was informed that Verizon phones cannot be used on other networks because of the complexity of Verizon's network.  So essentially I was having that battery issue because I was using a phone built for the Verizon network on an AT&T network and they use different frequencies for their reception and different internal components, and for that reason I was having such bad battery life.  So, if you are with AT&T don't buy a Verizon phone.  It will probably still work, but not every feature will be available and your battery life may be non-existent.  Aside from the network issues the phone was awesome and I can't wait until the Q20 is released.

The product meets the specifications made &#8203;&#8203;by the seller, there was a small problem but was solved quickly, so I recommend the product because it meets all my expectations I had of it.

I have only ever owned Blackberry Smartphones (for more than a decade now). It was time to replace my 9900 Bold (which I liked a lot). I spent the summer in Europe, forced to use an iPhone (a topic for another day) and disliked it. I seriously considered the Galaxy S4, but decided to stay with my trustworthy, familiar Blackberry. I love the hard keyboard because I find it next-to-impossible to type on a small screen. The 9900 was the worst web browsing device ever, so I was hoping to get something better for that. I use very few third-party apps, so that was not a big consideration.I am sad to say, the Q10 phone has been a step backwards in almost every way. I use a smartphone for calls, email, texting, camera, and browsing (in that order of importance). The biggest problem is, what was once possible with one action (holding the phone in one hand, using the thumb to type, select, whatever, while on the go) now takes at least three actions. This is made worse by the unreliable screen (if at first you don't succeed, swipe, swipe again).My top 10 things that are worse on this phone:1. Can only move the cursor and/or select apps with your finger on the touch screen. (9900 had a pad on it and a clearly contrasting cursor that you could easily see and move.)2. Can't run spell check as you exit email. (You must manually check your spelling by looking at the squiggly underlines.)3. Can't put email on desktop. (You must swipe to get to the hub, scroll through email account/text/messenger/calls, then select.)4. Can't put memo on desktop. (You must select &#34;remember,&#34; then notes, then pick your memo file.)5. Touch screen is hard to use, usually takes multiple tries. Also, locating the cursor in a file is MUCH harder than other smartphones I have tried.6. Can't change font size in email, calendar, or text messages. (I only use glasses to read and cannot read it without my glasses.)7. Speed dial is now slow dial. (It requires three steps, might as well use contacts. On the 9900, just hold down the speed dial key.)8. Calendar doesn't adjust with time zones. (I travel internationally a lot. This may be a setting, but I have not found it.)9. Calendar is slow to update with meeting changes. Sometimes it fails to remove a meeting that was cancelled.10. Camera takes square pictures.Sorry Blackberry, it was good while it lasted. But after this phone, I am gone for life.

Is an excellente product, it works perfect. I recomend to everyone, The keyboard and the touch screen works perfect. Everyone must try it..

this is what was i looking for. A PHONE.email: excellent.keyboard perfect:speed: Excellent.Battery: outstanding.In summary a great phone for business users. Not for apps, big screen lovers, etc. This is a business phone and it prove it.
