
Love Samsung Galaxy S4 i9505 2013  full HD Video/audio Large Screen easy to used. Have extra Micro SD card  up to 32GB more features.

I don't  recommend to buy smartphones specially samsung without guarantee. In Ecuador i can't use this phone because there wasn't the information about the countrie which Samsung made it . I lost my money

it is not working properly. The hand free palm control motion is not response. Factory unlocked? but in Brasil version

Samsung s4 is great and I have no problem with that. The only thing was once i broke the seal I noticed that there is one more smaller and broken seal under the seal that I broke. However the seal which I broke looked normal. I don't know if this is normal and would appreciate any response from you guys. The phone which I received is with Orange trademark and all of the apps and the language of the phone are French which is not useful for me because I live in US.

i love this product. Sad that i never got to use it because the same day it arrived was the same day it was stolen. Wish I had the IMEI number on the box...that way i would have probably retrieved the phone. yea! but a good product, and i recommend.

It is as good as they announced.We got it from the French operator ORANGE, so after a week developed a weird freez problem in calls, but it solved a week later after an actulization.

This is a great smartphone, the only problem I see is the warranty, Samsung Warranty is the worst, if you buy an Samsung product at Amazon doesn't came with it. If you buy an Apple product always have global warranty, next time I will consider to buy an Apple product only for the warranty.

This phone came defective. when it takes 3 to 4 hours on and off must be connected to the charger, the challenge will not start.

I bought a new Battery , because the battery was with problem

I love it!Just one thing. I made my order on August19th and it arrived on Sep 3rd. That took too much. Everything was in french and Samsug should consider an american adapter plug.

Though I had to spend some quid to get it unlocked when I returned to Nigeria (thought I ordered an unlocked phone), the samsung galaxy s4 19505 is more like it. You feel you also have the latest iPhone with all the features. The battery life is long and it fits my use and purpose. I commend it to anyone who needs a dependable smart phone. Just waiting for blackberry service to be enabled on it.

It worked, for exactly 1 month. On the 31st day, the phone started to shut itself off, reboot, shut off, reboot, shut off, reboot, ...Many people suggested it might be the battery. I tried everything: a new battery, re-seating the battery 5 times, praying,...The phone is clearly defective. Fine. Nobody's perfect.Tried return/exchange. It's no longer available. (right over 30 days!)Called Samsung. It's certainly within a year. However, I was told that the only way to get warranty service for this phone is to go to New Zealand!

I love everything in it, bigger than iPhone more clear, the pictures on the screen look better than the iphone screen, but when downloading them on the computer it is not really better than iphone photos, as i expected.Battery is tooooo week.the icons are not easy to be organized from the beginning.I received my charger with a european adapter, with a converter peace that did not work.

I totally recomend you this cellphone. Maybe it's kinda expensive, but its worth it. Seller did great. And sent the product at time

I am completely in love with this phone. So fast, clear images, so light and perfect. Works perfectely in Brazil!

I love the galaxy s4 its all what I expected in a new phone and more. But if you activate all the features your battery will not last long.The camera takes high quality pictures way better than the I phone. The screen is big and clear.

Ordered this cell on Aug 5 and received the 12, this is absolutely the best smartphone on the market absolutely flawless. Want to purchase another one within a month but undecided. but i think i will wait for the S5

Ordered the Samsung Galaxy S4 I9505 White Unlocked International mobile phone and received a MINI Galaxy S4 which was in a  sealed box and BLACK. I had previously implied that Hasselfree might have not supplied the accessories associated with the S4, as the box was sealed and was unfamiliar with the packaging, I must recant the implication that it might have not contained the accessories as I did not open the box since it was not what I had ordered and the Mini is a much cheaper version of the S4 and wished to insure a refund. I have received an &#34;apology&#34; from Hasselfree for the incorrect order much following receipt of a refund; it was a covered order by Amazon which it appears that one can always count on.

It's great. ..I like a lot this phone.Cheers for Samsung Galaxy S4..kisses from Europe,EUeveryone should buy ..

Honestly, I feel great using this and sure it was delivered on time though there r some tape stains on the side of the box . yet it doesn't influence the quality of the product itself. I know International version must come with a foreign language , which is French for this cell. Function well,BUT, right after I put my SIM card and SD card into it, turn on start using, after just a few mins , the back area became extremely hot. The area is right around the SIM and SD card. I m afraid that it will burn like fire someday while i m making a phone call. Its horrible but i dont wanna waste money and time to exchange or return it cause i m new here and really cannot spend a day without a  cell.

thus is a great phone.no comparison.Great screen.super call quality and fast processor makes it a Samsung delight.One of the best high ends

upper of my expectatives, very fast and more complete of market.i recomend, the best is model i9505 because have a 4g and more fast internet.

Its nice one...really happy to possess it. I have ordered also a flip cover folio case and screen protector for it.

Super Fast.. Innovative!  Love the HD display.  My Iphone friends drual at the capabilities.. Love how I can insert memory and batteries.  Love it!!!!

I've bought a factory unlocked device, but I received a locked version. I am really upset since I don't expect to have extra costs to unlock it.

Because the the device met my expectation..it is in gr8t condition.i am satisfied. I would recomend anybody buy from this group.

buy this phone for my niece and she loves it is a beautiful machine and has everything she needs to stay in touch with friends do not want to let go, I recommend it is wonderful

Was not unlocked. Had to pay to get it unlocked. Everything was in French. Had to change language and the plug to suit the Caribbean. Now trying to get to grips with it. I won't buy another phone on line like this as you don't get what you pay for.

I just got mine last week. Im not gonna talk about specs since you probably already know them.I got it on time , sealed even with the security sticker and everything.I am currently in Colombia I just popped my sim in and it worked instantly.Its the best phone out there.

I love all the features in the phone. I love the big screen, you feel so awesome. The delivery was quick and I would recomment it to anyone who wants a Unlocked phone.

We bought this phone from the ATT store and have been having constant issues with it.  The most recent one, which prompted me to write this review, is that I just realized the clock is behind one hour - the time always spazzes out for many days if I ever move between time zones.  That's not all.  The phone constantly freezes up.  A number of the apps have awful bugs and oversights.  It's so bad that my fiance and I have adopted the phrase &#34;android happens&#34; to describe when some conspicuous bug or design flaw rears its head and causes a hiccup in the day.

My new Samsung Galaxy S4 GT-I9505 Factory Unlocked International Smartphone is everything that the company said it would be and much more. Great fit & finish as well. I am Very Pleasantly surprised. Thanks &#34;Samsung&#34; and &#34;New Generation Products.&#34;

Phone is great. No problems. Bought an international phone and nothing is in English.  Should have expected it, but also only has a European plug for the power cord.  Can still recharge on computer.  And Kindle cord actually works

I couldn't be more happier for my order of this phone!!  Living overseas it's tough to get your hands on a unlocked phone for a reasonable price.  This phone and price is unbeatable.

I purchased this phone on August 2013, and it stopped working at the end of November 2013.  I am in the US.Be warned, this phone does not have a warranty!. Although the sellers says it comes with the manufacturers warranty for 24 months, it is not true. I called and talked to US Samsung product support, and US Samsung does not honor this warranty. In the warranty booklet that came with the phone, the UK is listed for the warranty. I contacted UK Samsung support, and they said they cannot honor the product warranty because it is not manufactured in one of the EU countries.I have been in contact with Amazon customer support, and they are not helpful either.Don't waste your money. This seller and Amazon support do not even deserve one star. I couldn't clear the one star here or I would have.1/25/2014 - I must thank Amazon for resolving this issue. Finally I got a refund. You can rely on Amazon but not on Samsung.

it is great.

the phone works and all ! it came in a sealed original box, only problem is my sim card could not fit, inside the sim slot ! the sides of the sim slot was too small, and I ended up with a phone but no sim card, and therefore no service ! I suggest people buy a Samsung galaxy phone from an original phone carrier.

i didn't like it and i have got it back because at first time i used it was hardly work and take a lot of time to load any application either the phone or the internet .

I love this phone is very easy to use and has many practical applications, excellent digital images, recommend with eyes closed,

I am satisfied with phone only what i found wrong is open box and protection sheet already on.Why ????

everything is ok about the phone. only thing that's bugging me is the camera's shutter sound i cant seem to turn off, apparently this version of the phone doesn't give me that option.

Just be aware that even though it says 4G in the title, it will not work in the US. I have T-Mobile and all I could get is the EDGE network.

Awesome, simply put. Quality and features are amazing. The only thing that's keeping me from rating it 5 stars is that it comes with the samsung chinese ime keyboard and as you may have guessed you can change the language, choose a different keyboard or install a third party keyboard like swipe or swiftkey....BUT for using system applications like the S Health, when you want to search for foods to add to your diet and look for calories, etc. the search engine and dictionary are in chinese! You can't change the settings from the S Health or the settings of the phone. It comes with the firmware and the chinese ime keyboard can not be unchecked, disabled or deleted in any way that doesn't involve rooting your phone or installing another firmware. For everything else, it works like a charm.If I had written this review one week ago, I would have given it 5 stars, but just this week I was starting to use S Health and came across this issue that doesn't seem to have a standard solution. It's not about settings.

i am realy disapointed because i bought this item and it has a problem with the software because it stays in black screen and it blocks, also i can not hang the call because the screen stays in black and the only solution is to turn off the equipment.it turns off by it self from time to time almost 6 o 7 times a day and if I want to used various apps it gets black again.i will like to know where can i do a replacement for this item, it is really not what i spectedbest regards

The phone is an Asia version. 4G LTE does not work in US. So check the frequency band with your cellular company before buying

I bought this device 10th of May after less than two weeks from its official release. I am sure others review it much better than me, but I will tell you three key points that make me very happy with it. First the S4 has a 5 inch screen that did not affect the size and was brilliantly engineered. Second I love that my I9505 supports 4g LTE, internet speed is great. The last issue is that battery last longer than my previous phone. And I love the S view flip cover , very smart idea .all in all it worth the money, congratulations Samsung for your continous progress in all your products.

I bouhght this phone almost a month ago , i thought the battery lasts for a short time in the beginning but it is still very weak for a 2600 mah battery. With a hard use, the battery goes off in 2 hours...

The product is defective.  There is a problem with the camera where it keeps trying to focus.  This makes the recorded image bounce.  Also, there is another problem with the audio.  When recording video, not only does the image bounce because of the focusing issue but a crackle/snapping sound is heard on all recorded videos.  All of these issues are factory related issues.  These are defects that Samsung built into the product at the factory.  My next phone will be a ZTE.  There's just no reason to overpay for Samsung's mediocre quality and atrocious lack of warranty support.

I got the phone on time but it came with a French language manual, so I can't read the instructions...

sometimes the black screen is placed and does nothing more I have to remove the battery and re colocarselo, not because it happens that if an allegedly new phone, it disappointed me----------------------------------------------------------------------aveces se coloca la pantalla negra y no hace mas nada tengo que quitarle la pila y volver a colocarselo, no se porque ocurre eso si es un telefono supuestamente nuevo, me decepciono

The phone I received is completely locked, it does not work with none of the carrier operators in Venezuela&#62; Digitel, Movistar nor Movilnet, i tried with all of them. I bought this while I was in the usa, then I came to Venezuela and... surprise!! It does not work at all!! Just Wifi So I demand this seller to give me a code so I can unlock this cellphone!!

Perfect nothing wrong 5 stars.my Samsung galaxy s4 is international version from (Orange) &#34;France&#34;when i boot it showing Orange logeafter update it's released

First phone that i buy on Amazon and its a really good phone. No complains about it at all except for the charger and the US adapter. Bought another original charger and now all that is fixed, the device runs smooth and i can multi-task really well with it. I have had it for 17 days now and i haven't got tired of it, most likely i never will. It does require alot of care if your always pulling the phone out of your pocket to check for messages or any notifications, i dropped it once and it landed on rocks and shattered the glass but luckily it was the Glass tR Slim screen protector that saved it. Not a big deal because it can always be replaced for $30 instead of paying a whole lot more for fixing shattered glass from the device.

Mine came locked for brazilian users.It asks for PIN to unlock the SIM network.I would like to know how to fix it.

the best, the colors are wonderfull, I live in costa rica and use the phone without problems, is so fast and unlocked, just change the chip y begin good. I love this cellphone and the shipping was 4 days.

It's been a year now, no malfunctions, no nothing. My only problem with it is the fact that you can not turn the sound of the camera off.

its very bright, very easy to useI'm very Happylove the translatorlove the camerai'm stil learning to use the S4

so since i was suppose to buy an S4, did, and returned it. i have had this since and just want my S4.

the device always shut off by itself, i use the orginal battery and charger, when I Google, I found many people have the same problem. I will not buy Samsung cellphone anymore!!!

I just think it's an awesome phone with the wright carrier it's very nice worth the money!! And way better thn the IPhone 5!!!! Hope this helps people deside to purchace what they really want....but this is a great phone!!&#9829;&#9829;

Excelent product, It works perfectly, but you should know that the manual an initial languege is in france. but ita very easy to change it. unique problem the power conector is for europe. But any USB conector works

was purchased a Samsung S4 GTi 9005 and was entrgue an S3 mini GTi 8200,equest a quick solution to this problem

just a question... wen u guys bought this phone, wat all u got in the box? do u get a charger nd a usb cord with it ? just wondering if i have to buy them separately

Excelent phone, i'm from Venezuela, the divice it's very good... Recomended, buy with confidence :) - please include for the next, the energy plug conector for latinamerica ( II II ), thanks for all

Love my new cell phone. It works great. Battery lasts long, and I hope it stays that way. Never turned off my phone since I bought it, and I haven't had any problem yet.

Battery is always died. After I turn off the phone, I can not reboot it. Worst battery I have ever uesd.

Everything is good about this phone but i rated 4 star cause it is consuming almost half of the memory for android.

I'm using this phone in M&eacute;xico, but It doesn't work with 4G technology. Before buy the phone I check and it say that should work with 4G.

Excellent perfect product, I recommend. I love it ,! ...................that's it no more words ok I love it I love.

The phone came just in time, everything is alright, came with all the accessories and it's brand new. S4 rocks, way better than iphone!!!! 5 stars, I'm very satisfied.

i9505 not support Hebrew and Samsung (Israel) as of now don't have solution for it.in order to be Admin and take benefit of the android need to break into

One of the best cell phones I've ever hadThe camera takes nice and clear picturesThe screen is large and bright

When turned on the phone, it doesn't appear as 4G but as H?Would tell me how to convert from H to 4G?ThanksHabtom

Very good but there is no wifi accessoryother wise it is benificial easy to pick upI really like it

It is a very good phone my aunt love it. Maybe in the future I would buy one for me too.

This thing aint the real Samsung Galaxy S4  it came with no battery and it looks like an imitation device.

Excelent, I am happy with that smartphone, however I think that the back is not the original and the accessories, but it is not a big problem

This is a great phone but it's not factory unlocked. Every time when I turn on a phone, it shows swisscom logo. Phone is unlocked and I can use any sim card, but it's not factory unlocked as it says. other than that phone is great, and it's very fast. Keep in mind that you'll have only 9gb free space, because of samsung aplicatons, so you may consider a additional micro sim card.

I just have received my cell phone. Firstly when I ordered it I thought its Factory Unlocked. But today when I opened the package I surprised when I saw the orang tag on the back of the cell phone which's &#34;ORANG TM&#34;. It's a French company and also this phone doesn't work with T-Mobile. I'd say they're laying on Amazon's customers and they should have returned cell phones they have sold.Sold by: SAMSUNG

Is a Fantastic phone....very fast, the pictures are excelent, a brilliant display too, and LTE is very quickly to download

when &#305; get &#305;t and arr&#305;ved &#305;n turkey started to use my new cell phone....unfortunately &#305; could not use &#305;t due to the s&#305;m card w&#305;re &#305;s broken and &#305; need to f&#305;x &#305;t....the cost approx&#305;mately 100 dollar....&#305;t &#305;s not b&#305;g deal for me....just &#305; was realy unhappy from the serv&#305;ce....and why they send me th&#305;s broken phone....maybe &#305;t &#305;s my foult tht &#305; bought &#305;t the last 3 days before my leav&#305;ng.....no more sumsung....&#305; ma so regret that &#305; bought th&#305;s phone

An amazing product. Attend every expectations and have much more. A liked very much and enjoy a lot every day.

There a ton of reviews on this phone, so I will just explain why I chose this. Skip to the bottom if you want to know what I don't like.1st, don't believe what cnet or other sites tell you. It will always be cheaper in the end if you buy a phone unlocked. I pay 30 bucks a month for unlimited text and data with t mobile.I only get a hundred minutes, but let's be real. Free calls can be made with many Voip apps. Also, you have the freedom to use this on any GSM networks. I travel a lot, so this will save me lots of cash.2nd, I had a nexus 4. However, the stock android platform is cheap, ugly and not so user friendly.I have big hands, so my thumb always went to the home screen when trying to press the space bar. This is a boon to anyone, let alone those with sausage fingers like myself. Touch wiz has a button on the android task manager that closes all program. For stock android, you need to swipe each program out. It's a minor annoyance that adds up. It's even more frustrating that this could be a simple fix. There are all kinds of tricks that make navigating touchwiz much better than stock. If you plan on using a launcher, this probably won't matter as much to you. I used launchers in the past, and they don't really compare to built in software in my experience.3rd, better quality. This cost more than twice as much as the nexus 4. You get what you pay for! This has 16gb built in. Nexus 4 base version is 8. This has a removable batter and memory expansion slot.The battery on this lasts much longer than Nexus 4. This is impressive because of the 1080p resolution compared to the nexus 4 720p. Removing the Sim card from the Nexus 4 was a big pain. This one has an eject slot within the phone.4th, LTE. I don't know how good this works because t mobile doesn't have good lte in my area. But I like to know that it's there. Some people will say you can hack the Nexus 4 for LTE, but I don't know how true that is and not all of us have the time to spend troubleshooting this.MOST SURPRISING FEATURE: The IR port for using your phone like a remote. I'm not into TV, but I tested this out and it's kinda awesome.... It shows me a list of shows on, i tap the picture and it automatically goes to the channel. The days of flipping to find what you want are over. This works nicely with Comcast cable boxes and most televisions. I'm sure it works well with other cable boxes. I think this feature is gonna be a staple until all TV's get built in wifi.WHAT I DON'T LIKECamera: My galaxy Note 2 had zero shutter lag. this one has an annoying delay and is a step backwards despite its higher resolution.Polish software: We buy unlocked phones to avoid pre-installed software. My phone is apparently from Poland as stated in the paper. I find this kind of shady and wish I was told before buying it. HOWEVER, this software can actually be uninstalled! Unlike carrier software that may not be erased, I was actually able to remove the Polish applications without a root.S-Voice: this program is more than just a shameless knock off, it actually slows the phone down. I was upset before because my phone was so laggy. I disabled S-Voice, rebooted my phone and saw a substantial improvement.Samsung Bloat: Although Tocuhwiz is better than stock android, they are putting too much software on their phones. I wouldn't mind this if they were removable, but they are not. Many of their programs have better open alternatives. Also, if you travel internationally, Samsung is very strict on checking your sim card to assess what region you are in. This could be Samsung's eventual downfall. They need to make these apps open to all carriers and even competitors phones.Google Wallet DOES NOT WORK. Google is very strict with their wallet application, I have a Korean Galaxy Note 2 and now a Polish (International) Galaxy S4. Google wallet won't work with either even though they both contain NFC chips. Even putting American sim cards in the phones will not help. My Nexus 4 worked perfectly. So, I guess google can limits their applications by phone model. If Google Wallet is a must, skip this phone.CONCLUSION:I hate Stock android. I've had a nexus 4 and nexus 7. I love Touchwiz. I have had a galaxy s2, Note 2, and now S4. I chose this phone over the Google Play version because it's close in price, and Touchwiz is better. I work in Korea and Koreans are really good at making things that are practical to use. Stock android feels incomplete. It's mainly for developers that want to mess around with Android. If you don't want to develop, root, unlock then do yourself a favor and don't get stock android phones.I highly recommend most people to STOP doing contracts and just buy a phone outright. I have much experience in my career in many different countries around the world.These phone contracts are really really awful. This is my first time swallowing my own advice, and I don't regret it at all.

I'm never thought that this s4 is really amazing, I'm so happy because it's in the good condition just like my expectation, but there is no English manual book, so I need to learn manually by my self, and it's so confusing

I bought this phone 6 months ago and right now the battery keeps draining very quickly.  It keeps rebooting itself and cannot turn on. The battery percentage keeps going off 1% every minute. I turn off every app, wifi and everything but it doesnt help. Im very disappointed in this. I paid $600 for it.

Samsung galaxy s4 has everything and more I wanted  in  a phone, it is much easier to access than I thought.

I bought this phone from Tmobile store and have used it for 1 month.It is a good phone but with some major flaws.1. the super amoled screen is great WHEN play HD movie, but picture quality is really bad when you try to stream 240p or 360p video from youtube. when stream 240p or 360p video, they actually look way better on my old HTC Amaze LCD screen. unless you have unlimited LTE data plan, I am not sure who actually download/stream HD video on their phone.2. I don't understand why do I need to go thru 4 steps to make a phone call when I just called the person 2 phone calls ago. With my old htc phone i can just tap "phone" and the person's name and it will make the call but S4 I will have to tap phone/log/name/call. It might not bother some people but if you make more than 10 calls a day, it will drive you nuts.3. The built quality is actually not bad but it has no grip. I drop the phone at least twice a day.4. air gesture or air view don't work on most non Samsung apps. "smart stay" does work ... only sometimes.5. The phone runs very hot.  (I do admit I play candy crush too much)It is a good phone and it will impress your friends but when I pay $620 I have much higher expectations.Update:After another half month of using it from my last review, there are more problems I would really like Samsung to update/fix1. The phone is not able to detect your face. When you call those annoying automated system, you will have to use speaker or else your face will make the selection for you.  I don't believe it is a new or fancy feature.2. No dedicated camera button and it takes few steps and seconds to load the camera app. It is really hard to catch a lot of Kodak moment. The phone is very slim (which is great), but it is very hard to hold it with two fingers when you try to focus and take picture of the object. I really miss those old sony Cybershot camera phone.3. It might be just my phone. It seems it will at least take 3-5 second (sometimes longer) to dial out a call.4. I have noticed some lags on my Galaxy S4, especially when opening apps, swiping left/right / opening gallery. This really should not happen in a high end phone.5. The  touch screen is not responding properly. If you dont use right hand to tap on the apps on the right side, then most likely you will open some other apps on the left. It also occasionally turns the screen off, when i tap on the screen.6. The gallery crashes a lot. I sometimes have to force close the app and re-open it to use it.I really want to like this phone especially I paid so much for the phone and all the accessories. I wish I picked other phones back then, but it seems S4 was and still is the only the newer high end phone you can change battery and it is important to me because I don't want to carry a huge and slow charging portable charger (sorry no offense, but it really look ugly to put the phone with an attachment almost as big as your phone against your face . I am not sure if it is hardware's problems or software. I am not tech savvy enough to know how to flash to other ROM. I just hope it will work straight out of the box. The phone has a lot of potentials but it does not look like the firmware and those problems will be fixed anytime soon. If any one can please help me to address those issues, please let me know. Thanks !!!

I really apreciate the purchase, it matches perfectly my expectations about the product, the shipment was fast, I received just in a while, price was good so I'm very satisfied with this purchase! The only exception was that the AC outlet is europpean, so I had to buy an adaptor. It wasn't described, but I should've know better since its an imported product!

I am in love. My only problems are that the manual is in Spanish and that the earphones are the plunge ones and go too deep on the ear.

It's the best of all phones so wat are u wanting go get your now now now now come on

works fine in st.lucia, french version though. It came unlock and my is compatible with my 4g provider limeWorth the money

Excelent. Works perfectly, nice device, got it on time and seems to me as the best in the market. It's highly suggestable.

nice phone for a compact smart phone , screen is big, but one do lot of stuff with it, overall good satisfaction

Product was delivered on time and as advertised. The vendor was obliging and helpful in answering queries about the product.Not clear if this phone is region locked (like S4 built after july 2013). Purchased in America and using it in central africa, and it seems to work.

Such a nice phone, lots of new features that really entertains and educate. Apps are great as well! Excellent buy...highly recommended!

it has a lot of functionallitys that i didn't expect.  Is very usefull for my job.  The photo and video camera, replace my camera.

i am learning the features, camera is perfect with high definition, more function beyond my expectation, because i am abeginner, i need time to practice

The phone's dont come with headphones one of them is a litle scracht in a side looks like They are a refurbished phone's

the phone is really good, loaded with features & best part is i can use it internationally. the battery life should improve

I bought it I9505 from Hasscellfree a week ago, used in T-mobile. 3G (H+) network is pretty good.However, I just discovered the MicorSD cards won't be read in this phone, while same cards work pretty good in other Galaxy S4 I borrowed for testing.Amazon has excellent service and allows me to return it. Wish me good luck next round. I actually love this phone beyond the defect...

this is a great phone if you like a regular size screen it has all the features I  would recommend this phone.

More than a month have passed and I'm still very happy with my phone. It made my life much easier.

Two years ago I bought a Samsung Galaxy SII. I love that phone. Still working, just one issue with the camera, but still a great phone. My wife has it.The I moved to a Nokia Lumia 900; a nightmare.So I bought the Galaxy S4, best decision I made.I hope to keep this phone 3 years at least. In Mexico there isn't well coverage of 4G, but I expect to be using 4G soon.

this proved out to be an awesome genuine new unlocked phone, have been using this for months now and works great with no performance issues so far nor with battery ! great buy !

I have problems with this product.....i need a warranty

I have ordered 'Samsung Galaxy S4 i9505 16GB 4G/LTE White Factory Unlocked, International Version', but when I got the box is shown as 'S4 i9500'. Also, the phone is different, that was SGH-I337 which is AT&T phone. I found there is additional label on AT&T label. Also, found that is not unlocked phone, so I couldn't use Kies from Samsung and can't use other language. This is totally bad trick to convert from AT&T locked phone to International version unlocked phone. I need to get correct one ASAP.

Good morning, excuse me but you sold me sghi337 model and not the requesting i9505 ... my screen went black , what should I do to process warranty? I'm from Venezuela

It is indeed the International SGS4. Works like a charm, and it an amazing phone. Warning though, the one we ordered was originally made for France. Came programmed to in French, with French apps that we can't use in America, and a little sticker on the back for the French cell service provider &#34;Orange.&#34; Either way, it wasn't a big inconvienience. It also had instructions to change it back to English. Great phone, highly recommended!!

I got the device as expected... device is very good initial experience with S4 is very nice and this is my first smart phone no comparisons.I got battery is very bad.. need to charge continuously...

This device is just awesome. It exceed all my spectatives.I like all the new sensor it has, so it can give all the new spectacular functionalities.The camera is great!I recommend this to everyone

Says ORANGE on it, it might be some French cell phone carrier but the logo blends in nicely with the white. Got the manuals in French, guess I would have been angry if I didn't know French.

Excellent phone. Networks work perfectly.

This was bought by someone that hacked my account and I never accepted it  Read what I wrote and you will know.

i like this mobile so much and i really love it and its amazing mobile thanks samsung waiting for the S5 ^___________^

Basically already producing cell phone companies not found to invent this team apart from having it provided most of the equipment brings certain details like the sensor to the eye, rather than this above the competition and which has ensured him greater share of sales in the market.

having a little bit of trouble with it, I know it is GSM but it rejects my sim card every often and my phone call drops everytime i talk in the phone.I would probably have to re unlocked the by a professional

It's a great smart phone to use.It is faster than the samsung galaxy s3.I like this mobile phone.Only thing is the charger is not a US model.

I like the product, it works excelent until now.!I bought this cell phone for my girlfriend and she loved it

Its the best phone ever. I didnt have no problem with this s4. Tha android software its nice. But the only problem ots tb flash player options.

It is an excellent phone, the truth if I had to buy it again I would without reservation, very good very good device and its performance

when i ordered this phone i was so happy and excited only to realize they sent a fake samsung galaxy s4 i1905 the smart features dont work at all am very dissppointed

the phone its not unlocked, it is asking me for a pin code network unlock, and i dont have it, so i cant use the phone.

I am very disappointed with the order, as the delivery of the phone I ordered from the company is now a very inconvenient process for me.  I was notified by FedEx that the company requested that a person has to be present at home to sign for the product.  I am a very busy student, who is rarely home until 9 pm.  The deliveries are done by 8 pm, so how am I supposed to be home to sign for the product?  I was not informed at all whatsoever that this was going to be such a complicated process.  If I had known, I would never have ordered this product.  I spent $628 with fast shipping, because I needed the product as soon as possible.  However, because of this lousy request from the company to require for a signature for the delivery, I don't know when I will be able to receive or pick up the product.  I am truly disappointed, and am thinking of canceling the order.  This has been a much more complicated process then it should have been.

I am in love this cellphone! I don't think I will change my mind about it. Recommended to everybody.  Samsung keeps surprising me.

I received this in a perfect condition. Just to inform others even if it says 16GB the OS and itself takes a lot of space making the usage storage only ~9GB. I did a firmware upgrade on this phone and since then my back and left buttons are automatically getting active and glow sometimes. So when that happens i have to wait for like a minute or two and then it functions normally. (My version is international, made in vietnam). I will most likely visit a samsung store to get a reflash to fix this or else I am returning it back to amazon.Instead of showing 4G it showed H+ for Tmobile prepaid plan of 50$ in chicago, but the speed is decent and I could easily watch videos on youtube via the phone. The product is good and I liked it but i faced so many difficulties

When I try to charge is going to be hot I'm trying to return this phone. I really don't like this phone

The Samsung Galaxy S4 was my first ever smartphone!  I couldn't get a definitive answer from friends & family if the iphone or the Samsung was the best way to go.  In my family, it was split down the middle.  I live overseas, and my tech savvy friends informed me that the Samsung would be the best investment should I need to sell the phone or I would need to get maintenance on it.  I tried the iphone and the Samsung Galaxy S4 out, borrowing from friends and family, and it turned out that my brain works better with the Android platform.  The Samsung Galaxy S4 has so many features, and I'm only using about half of them.  It's a good phone, the battery doesn't last long, which is new to me and inconvenient.  The size of the screen and the font is great.  Through the help of friends, I have figured out how it works and all that it is capable of.

i love it, the best cellphone in the world...you guys can improve the amount of hours the battery,thanks,Daniel Oliveira.

I have heard that thi phone was one of the best ones on the market then i decided change from iphone to samsung and was a really bad idea, when i received the phone all worked great but i lost all charge second day and when i connected to recharge !sorprise! the phone don't want turn on again, only vibrates and never want to turn on, i contact seller and wrote me that i need contact samsung about that problem and not him, after one day trying all i see on forum about that problem, then thanks god the phone turn on again. now i'm selling it for half price and will try iphone 5S, for myself i prefer still apple instead samsung on phones, i know samsung is a great company but not on phone still for me, smart tv from samsung are really grea

The phone I got is an European version and the two labels (1. label on the side saying this is an European version and works only on European SIM cards, 2. the label saying &#34;Do not accept if this seal is broken) on the box was cut open. I returned it the same day and it was an utter waste of time.The star I have given is for Amazon for shipping it in time and refunding me and not for the seller. The seller deserve nothing.

I chose this rating because when i got the phone it didnt work right from the get go. I tried to return it and i havent even seen my money back from these guys.

It is an excellent phone, fast, safe and very friendly.  you can install a variety of applications, games and other features.

So far its great.  Way better than an iphone.  Very fast, great screen, light, expandable storage is a great feature

the phone is good however sometimes very rear when i touch the screen to perform a comand it dos not but my biggest problem is that my picture quality is very depressing

Bought this to replace an old bb torch. A bit of a learning curve as it's so different from a blackberry, but now I don't know why I went so long before jumping to an android phone.The phone was exactly as described and works on my network (bell).

the celeular meets my expectations have caracteristicas quality and offered at the website. I'm satisfied and happy with the product quality

This phone is one of samsungs best product yet iPhone,nokia, illumina, htc or anyother android phone can not compare loving it

If I could give it a zero star i would.The phone is not factory unlocked at all.  I doesn't work on the 850Hz frequency of my mobile provider, and I checked the phone specifications as well as the frequency of my provider BEFORE I bought the phone.Before I discovered that, the phone didn't even have the adapter so that I could plug the phone into a regular outlet, I could only charge the device to begin with because I had the USB wall socket from a different device.Everything else on the phone seems to work as long as you have a wifi connection.Additional informationI contacted Samsung about the issue they are patently unhelpful but what I have gleaned is1. my phone is from France (based on the IMEI)so my option is to "know witch company had this cellphone or change the cellphone"I am working on the latter with amazon

I'm so enamored, this will likely be a multiple update review.Unboxing: Phone, documentation (which was immediately tossed aside), head phones with different sized buds, A/C charger with EU adapter, and USB data/charging cable.Setup: I pulled all the fun clings off, opened the back (easy easy), slipped in the Etisalat (AF) SIM card and SanDisk 64gb microSD. Turned it on... didn't get the normal welcome screen where I get to choose the language. Maybe I was playing with something and missed it, wound up choosing some slavic language which a friend of mine was able to read. He also identified the "life companion" title on the lock screen as French. Got through the wifi log in, changed the language and logged into Google. Normal process from there.Speakers and microphone: The sound is pretty loud when it's turned up--I was actually startled at the notification of a message. The stock keyboard and I don't get along. My hands from base of palm to middle fingertip barely reach six inches/15 cm. This is a big phone. Love it to death, but the spacing of the stock keyboard means I wind up hitting B or N instead of the spacebar, even in portrait. Personal problem, I know. I had the phone on speaker when I called Etisalat to make sure the messages I get in the future are in English, they heard me and I heard them almost as clearly as if I were using the handset directly. The rep didn't even notice the generator running in the background.Camera: The camera works ok, there was a bit of fuzz on a still I took of a friend indoors. Admittedly, the lighting wasn't all that fantastic but I think it should've come out a little better. I'm coming from a Motorola RAZR Maxx HD. Technically speaking, this camera should make the one I'm used to go cry for mummy. I'll update later when I've used it more in different situations. 12/10/2013 Update: Camera works very well. I've taken many pictures in different lighting and all of them come out very well. It helps to not be too close to what you're trying to photograph. I used Skype to see if what I see on my screen is anything like what the other end sees. Called my friend on his Motorola RAZR HD and there was little degradation/fuzziness from me to him, but it seemed like normal conversion degradation.The hardware in general makes me a bit giddy. There was some semi glitching when opening the app drawer (which disappeared when I installed Google Edition 4.3) that may have something to do with all the pre-installed apps. Videos and off-screen goodness run smoothly. I'll post updates as nifty things come up.12/10/2013 Update: I've been able to see a movie, have apps update in the background and have a phone conversation at the same time without the movie picture stuttering. I can't play a movie and have apps update on other phones. The movie loses.I can't really provide good info on the stock interface/apps/whatever. I get irritated with carrier software and extras that are pushed on me, especially when I've bought a phone outright, without a contract. If you're not in love with the Samsung extras and don't rely on warranties, the folks at xda-developers have some very informative reading.

I have not been able to put it down since I got it. It is a great phone. A must have!

the Battery no it's Goodno have 4G  bad signal  no its Unlocked internationalDo identify specific attributes  battery life

This smartphone is a little rocket science. Full of options, very qualitative and also a good deliverance. I recommend it.

Everything it's good the phone works really good and all is fine except that the phone came in french i know i can change it (like i did)  but besides that all is good.

The wife has really fallen in love with this after having the i phone before this phone.  We are very pleased.

The screen is amazing and it is very fast.The materials makes it to seen very fragil.I also have a iPhone 5 and I am still in doubt which one to use in my day by day. They are very different from each other.The battery doesn't last too much. IPhone's battery last much more.The S4 functionalities are beating iPhone hard.I am waiting for IOS 7, but for now, I think Androind on S4 is winning.

thisI am slowly learning how to use the new generation of smart phones after downing 147 pages of instructions. At my age this is a great adventure.

I really recommend the Samsung Galaxy S4 GT-I9505, because there are many features available and it exceeded all my expectations.

Everyone knows this phone. It's simply awesome by its many features... Congratulations Samsung, for this awesome phone. The only thing i don't like is the fact that samsung don't have a octa-core LTE...

Don't buy this phone from this seller. Not factory unlocked. Att branded. Wifi not working. Phone does strange things like beeping every 26 minutes day and night. Ad on prime and not backed up by amazon. Poor customer service. Husband missed radiation ans chemo both today because phone not working. Junk. Misrepresentation of this phone. Shame on you!

love this phone works great just takes a while to charge while using the wifi and stuff but say whats is a powerful phone with a powerful process for a cellphone so its expected can't get both sides of the cake ... although wished there was a way to manually adjust the phones power consumption

The phone came with mor&eacute; defects and damages it wasn't what the item describe not happy at all I paid to much money

Quick in response, many useful features and several battery saving features that really work. I am very happy with the purchase.Maravilhoso! R&aacute;pido na resposta, muitas funcionalidades &uacute;teis e v&aacute;rios recursos de economia de bateria que funcionam de verdade. Estou muito feliz com a compra.

So, it's been about 6 months since I got this phone. My review is going to be both about the Samsung Galaxy as a phone in general and also this phone in particular, what's good about it, and what's not.I decided to go for the Samsung Galaxy S4 after doing a side-by-side comparison in Best Buy last August/September. What really tipped me in the direction of the Galaxy was the display. iPhone hadn't changed theirs for years and the iOS 7 wasn't released by that time so the difference was quite stark. The larger display screen was another motivating factor.I was actually still under contract from AT&T; at the time(almost about to finish it now) and I didn't want to enter another one(absolutely hate those), so I decided that buying an international(unlocked) version would be the best way to go. Had contacted AT&T; asking them if this would be a problem as far as data is concerned. They gave the green signal and I decided to buy it from here for about $600 to $650.I'm not going to go too much in detail about it's good aspects since they are well documented and advertised. Overall, I'm going to have to say that the Galaxy S4 doesn't hold a candle to the iPhone when it comes to the design and usability of features. I like everyone else, use the phone a lot, so naturally, I'm going to be able to see each and every shortcoming in it.List of issues:1. Bad battery - A fully charged S4 discharges to nearly 0% in the space of about 12 hours normally. All this when I mostly have the phone on silent(at work) with a couple of listeners attached to it(email, gmail, twitter, the regular stuff really, nothing too fancy)2. Phone can heat up very easily. Well documented problem this one. One person's phone was said to have caught on fire. Mine almost felt like it was going to when I had left it to charge overnight and placed it under a pillow unknowingly. It got ridiculously hot and I was worried for a while. Also, if you're playing a game which uses a lot of processor power or you're just charging it, sometimes it gets hot. This to me is a stark example of poor design.3. Poor performance - I don't know what it is, I've disabled most of the old bloatware that came pre-installed with the phone..it still ends up acting very slow and spastic...and this creates a terrible experience when you're trying to use a smart phone. I play a fair bit of candy crush, but only about 40% of the time do I get an uninterrupted experience. It's kind of sad that a phone as modern as the S4 with lots of RAM can't seem to work smoothly. Again, an example of poor design at the core. Perhaps the folks with contract phones and lesser apps have it better.4. Most of those features that are heavily advertised by the S4 are in reality close to useless and don't even end up executing properly most of the time. Things like the phone-tilt scroll feature, air hover selection. It should be about getting the simple things right first.5. The data speed could be faster. No issues with wifi I guess and perhaps this is just an AT&T; issue. I haven't bothered enough to call them about it. I might be switching to T-mobile anyways.6. Calls going straight to voicemail sometimes. Again, this is probably and AT&T; and international phone equation problem(or I could be wrong).7. Phone with pre-installed bloatware. I'm not too happy about this one. I expected a fresh clean version for the phone.8. Phone is advertised as international unlocked version but the T-mobile music plays at the start of the mobile.

The phone came on time and thats great! But soon enough as I started using it, it wqrmed up.. like after 2 minutes.. also the battery drains as fast as hell!!! Im not sure if the problem is at my own phone or with all of them

I wish it did not have so much stuff that I have no use for, and can't remove either.  that aside, being able to place whatsapp on the SD is the only thing I wish I could accomplish.  I am very happy with the phone thus far. it also said that it had 16gb, but it has less than 10.

My Sweetie thinks I am the best for getting her this phone.  There is nothing she does not like about it.  She carries it in her Bosom, no kidding! Guess who is now a &#34;Good doggie?&#34; Meeeeee...!Yeahhhh!

The first month the cellphone was working really god, but now the cellphone gets very hot and the battery doesn't last anything, like the first 2 month. Also, I bought a Samsung Galaxy S4 i9505 and they sent me an i9500.

The  phone is good, but I'm having problems with the battery. It shuts down, then does not turn on... the battery now appear swollen! I don't know what to do.

Firstly, I ordered this phone on amazon as a present for someone. I deliberately ordered an unlocked international version since I was carrying it to Trinidad & Tobago. The phone arrived later than normal even though I ordered using amazon prime which technically ships within a few nights, I had to ask someone to bring it to Trinidad for me since it arrived after I left the USA. On arriving to Trinidad I was surprised to see that the version I received was a European version which stated will only work with a European Sim card...which was NOT what I ordered. In addition the phone was not unlocked phone and kept asking for a code! I wrote to the seller who apparently did not have a contact no. and of course, no response! By this time I paid $20US on unlockthatphone.com to receive a code to unlock the phone. Thankfully, it unlocked. By this time, the seller sent an email apologizing. Now I bought this as a present for someone to go with the galaxy gear. Unfortunately, the phone will not accept any updates of software which I was told was needed for this phone to pair with the galaxy gear. TOTAL DISASTER....please be cautious when purchasing!

I bought this phone for the exceptionally high reviews. But Global Mobiles sent me batteries which swelled up in 5 months of use. I'm not sure what to do now. I'll have to keep buying new batteries, and since it's an unlocked phone, it causes more problems.

This is not my first time buying from Amazon nor will it be the lastThe phone arrived on time and in new sealed perfect condition.  All accessories are very nice except the adapter needed for US wall plugs (connections are a little loose).I was surprised at the quality of ear buds.I have three phone lines with AT&T; set up for the LTE mobile 10 gig share plan.Long story short after trying a new micro SIM and working with their tech department i have been told that I can not access my data plan because either AT&T; system doesn't recognize the S 4 IMEI (from the CSR/Store Manager) or that this device isn't compatible with AT&Ts; LTE network (from AT&T; tech department)In good locations (outside & not too far from towers) I can connect to H+ and get about 6 mg download & a little over 1 mg up.The phone is exactly what I'd like.  I have to check with AT&T; to find out if using a 'non' LTE device will cause any problem with my current data plan.  If so, I will have to, sadly, request a return with Amazon.Also please note that there is more than one company selling this phone for close to the same price.Pros:  The phone is just like everything you've seen/heard but unlocked.  The battery (2600 mah) lasts over a day with heavy use IF most of the fancy Samsung settings are turned off.  GPS locks are fast and very accurate (within 30 seconds and 5 meters in the house!)Cons:  At first start up you have to switch from German to English.  Also there are a lot of German & T-Mobile apps pre loaded and of course no AT&T; LTE.If AT&T; will let me keep my current plan using this phone I may not return it.I don't feel right returning something I've opened if it's not defective.If I do a return it will be my first.

Good but the charger is unusable .it is very brand new phone as expected but I can,t use the charger

Highly recommended. I did have to go on Youtube to find out how to adjust the language so it would be in English. Undoubtedly you will run across some features you are not familiar with so just get online a figure it out. I purchased the unlocked with Straighttalk. Requires some work and research to configure and make compatible, but it is well worth it.

The product is really what is described in the announcement. I loved the phone, it is really nice. The product arrived in the correct date and working perfectly.

More than PLEASED. The cellphone is unlocked and have no problem to works here in Venezuela (Digitel). the ONLY issue is that doesnt have spanish on the configuration mode. So if you dont understand english that would be a problem

Phone kept losing service under a year of usage.  Had to eventually buy a new one

The phone has 8gb memory and should be 16gb..i am disappointed ,what i`m suppose to do with 8gb? will never buy again

I bought this phone because of all the cool features advertised, but it turns out that the smart stay feature did not work (I have used other GS4 phones and everything worked flawlessly), and it also came with a European charger. I had to return the phone and they made me pay for the shipping costs.

Great! The new cell works perfectly and is updated. I had no problems in Brazil to configure and isntal it

The phone is exceptional! Lives up to its name of the next big thing.Cons:This version comes with a 220 V (European) Power adapter ONLY, no 120 V (american) power adapter connector like the S3 GT i9300 international version.The phone is based in French (Owners' Manual) {luckily, Je parle francias } but then again its an international version phone.

Just love it as I can do most actions on it without feeling I am too old and would definitely recommend to everyone. A Brilliant mobile. Thank you

It is indeed a factory unlocked galaxy s4 phone. It is brand new and in perfect condition. It came in the samsung box with charger, battery and headphones. The manual wasn't in english though but i was able to find one online easily. The wall charger has a european plug but luckily i had my own usb wall charger that i'm currently using with the usb cord. Love the camera, wifi connectivity and call quality. It has so many features i havent discovered them all as yet but it's definitely a great buy. The phone also arrived on time though it didnt ship till the second to last day of the delivery estimate.

I bought this because said factory unlocked, but i received an orange s4 9505, after six month the phone die. Not warranty, not solution. I have done the big error buying this like a gift for my girlfriend.

I upgraded from my AT&T; locked S3 version after I cracked the screen, and I needed a phone that worked while I travelled in New Zealand.It may be debatable for some to make the same upgrade otherwise for the next hottest thing. I loved the S3, but this one is noticably faster processing, and the battery is lasting really well even with lots of use.IMO kicks iphones butt any day! Swipe texting is so much faster and this one seems even more user friendly and faster than the S3 even. Loving testing the smart features...auto scroll up when my eyes read to the bottom of the page...ahh yes thank you!Love it. Only mission was getting the unlocked phone going with AT&T;, gotta mess with the APN details to connect. They don't have this model online for your account details. Went to AT&T; store to scan to update model. They couldn't help with APN though, I googled APN for AT&T; (otherwise the data won't work if not correct) and fixed it to work. (I was missing GPS navigation without)

This is my first Samsung love it, shipping was super fast. The phone is amazing, I have one complain. The charger need and adapter and some application are in germane.

I would like to exchange my cell phone, because my wifi doesn't work, but I am going back to Brazil next week. What can you do?

I cheated because I sent AN IMITATION OF S4 samsung galaxy mini, when describing the product they said it was a samsung galaxy s4 I9505 WITH DAMAGE PACKAGING

Enjoyed it is a very good handset with amazing features, but could improve by incorporating metal parts like the iphone.

Firstly, I bought my phone - Samsung Galaxy S4 i9505 from Cell Trading, and I received it on time, and in perfect condition.I am in love with this phone, it's everything I wanted and much much more. I was deciding between the Iphone 5 & the Galaxy S4, I'm thrilled I chose the S4. I live in Trinidad & Tobago, and all the Iphone's amazing apps cannot be used here, the S4 however has millions of apps to choose from, and they all work here. BTW this is a 4G phone, and it's blazing fast! Recommend it strongly!

This phone is emensly great. I love everything about it and how easy it is. But thats the phone, the seller was acurate in shipping and provided a great surves and real not fake iteams.

I LOVE LOVE LOVE MY NEW CELL PHONE WELL PACKAGE AND IT WAS A NEW ONE.THANKS YOU AND WISH THE VENDOR GOOD LUCK IN THE FUTURE!!!

hello, buy a unlocked galaxy s4, but to put the sim card fails (invalid sim card), and the operator Venezeula (movistar) has made several prueva and does not work, I do.

I purchased this phone as a gift for my wife since I saw so many great reviews on it. I also thought that putting out this amount of money would get me a quality phone.....Unfortunately I was sooo wrong. I am unable to switch the WIFI on this phone on. When we try switching the WIFI on it switches back to the off position immediately. I contacted Amazon swho referred me back to the seller. I am unable to contact the seller, leaving me to believe that I have been conned into purchasing a malfunctioning cellphone. I would not recommend purchasing this phone atleast not from this supplier. The item received is malfunctioning and I am unable to contact the seller to get assistance.

I PURCHASE FROM THIS COMPANY A BRAND NEW GALAXY S4AFTER ONLY HAVING IT 6 MONTHS THE BATTERY LEAKED ANDRUINED THE PHONE. I CONTACTED THEM FOR AND THIS WAS THERE REPLY:FGS Trading - Amazon Marketplace &#60;5802kn72fv30bl3@marketplace.amazon.com&#62;Hello,Thank you for your email. I am very sorry to hear this. Unfortunately, As with all international phone / unlocked phones, this device does not come with any warranty. Your best option is contacting Samsung at 1-800-Samsung (1-800-726-7864) any day between 9 am to 9 pm. They will be able to best assist you.Best regards,GeorgesFGS TRADINGI CONTACTED SAMSUNG AND THEY TOLD ME THAT THIS PHONE IS ONLY SOLD IN THE UNITED KINGDOM (UK)  AND I WOULD NEED TO CONTACT SAMSUNG UK. WELL I DID THAT AND THEY TOLD ME THAT I WOULD NEED TO BRING IT TO ONE OF THERE REPS IN THE UK. I CALLED ONE OF THERE REPS IN THE UK AND THEY TOLD ME SORRY WE CAN NOT HELP YOU. I WOULD NEVER BUY FROM FGS TRADING AGAIN !! GOOD LUCK IF YOU BUY FROM THEM.

Took me a while to decide but I opted for the 9505 instead of the 9500. Development is greater for the 9505. Even if the 9500 inches in with just a little more power, my brother has the i9500 and it's harder on the battery than my 9505

But for an international unlocked version to be sold with a French only instructions manual is not acceptable. The product is one of my best phones ever, but to get it with a single language manual and in French is just absurd. If one language only, than English would be the local one...

I received the phone in a timely manner, sealed brand new. The phone looks great it works great. I realize what others were saying about the battery life but i started having that problem cause of the apps i had to download. All in all i am quite pleased. I did not get the phone locked like i saw some persons said in their reviews it was unlocked and working great. Would definitely order from this company again

Except a few features that aren't evident and need your phone to be rooted!!, this cell is a gorgeous gadget!

The phone itself is amazing, the only thing is that it is a french made phone and all base configurations are in french!

One of my friends recommanded it .it has everything in it even more than what I need .But the only negative thing I feel it's so fragile comparing to iPhone .i think iPhone if u through it towards the wall it will never get broken .

today is the 7th of december and they said i would get my phone by the 21st november,2013, they are way to dishonest never will buy from them again.

The technology and sophistication on this phone exceeded my expectations. I'm using it in Trinidad and it works perfect. As stated in the product description, there is no english manual. Totally in love

The phone works well. Battery life is amazing. It lasts up to 2 days. I am impressed with samsung's improvements.

I have to give this 50 thumbs up product flawless,I had a Lil problem with the a part of the charger that was missing and they responded right,their service is awwwweessoommeee I would but my newfrom them if it was being sold lol. Excellent jobs guys thank a mill

This phone came OK except that it was not unlocked. After contacting the seller multiple times, i was just about to return it. That's when he finally gave me an unlock code from Samsung.The other issue is that the phone came with some weird international charger without the normal connector to plug it into a normal american 110V outlet. I had to get a separate connector.I contacted the seller multiple times about this and He did not respond to me.  Other than that the phone works just fine.Because of bad experience with this seller, I'm giving him a 2 star.

Battery was first rate (lasted well over a day). However I recommend you to buy an extra battery if you are going for a weekend and planning to take a lot of pictures as well as use the phone for navigation.Phone have fallen down 1 or 2 times still no issues. Glass is scratch-resistant and looks good so far. Been using it for 2 months and I cannot find a single fault with it so far. May be its only fault is that it is not an iPhone, but me being an anti-apple product guy, couldn't be any more happier.

Everyone was calling me crazy when I tried to tell everyone this phone is not 4G-LTE capable in the US and because of misleading advertising the had to putNO 4G IN THE USA)on similar international versions of this phone!ATT NO LTESPRINT NO LTEVERIZON NO LTE

I was very disappointed to see my order- Samsung Galaxy S4 Factory Unlocked phone. As I opened the box, I saw T-Mobile on that and I was like this is not what I have ordered. I ordered Factory Unlocked phone and paid for it, but what I am receiving is T-Mobile unlocked phone. Upon enquiry with the seller they said it is as good as Factory Unlocked phone. But, later when I started using it with a different service provider, it was asking me for T-Mobile Id and password for so many applications. I was getting frustrated.I was not expecting this and I felt like tortured with my order delivery...  :(

Perfect!  beautiful mint color.Case is great, and even more the screen protector: very easy to add and of great quality. The same with the jelly buttons.The bad point was that the S4, i bought was deffective ... (((( & i had to return it (((So i cant use it: Awesome.Thank you !

the device stop charging after a while, I was never able to contact the seller, and was really hard to get samsung to check it out, warranty did not cover so I end up with a defective cellular, I don't recommend the seller and the phone!

Everything arrived for me as planned and on time.I really recommend that for everyone.The product was in perfect state.

the wifi doesnt work at all. i may have to return it. i just received it as i do not stay in the states and the wifi doesnt work. if i cant fix the problem i will have to return it.

Its awesome! It met my expectation. I like it so much. keep it up. sumsung is ma choice to other phones

Brand new S4 I9505, shipped and received in Miami in 5 days in sealed original box with white original Samsung accessories and adapters. Phone works perfectly (I use it in the Caribbean) and came updated with dual camera mode and android 4.2.2.Note: all instructions/manuals/warranty were in Spanish only.

Very good product, only thing that it comes with all menu on French... I don't understand French, and the phone comes with Fr software too, that is not so pleasant, so I had to change it, but rest works perfectly good

The specs are superb. It runs smoothly. But I had a bad experience with this international unlocked version. First, i received a faulty device that wouldn't charge the battery more than 50%. That is a common issue, as I found out later in users foruns. I returned and got another device back. After few months, movement sensor stopped working properly. Another common problem, but this time the seller warranty was expired. Few months more, the IMEI turned to null overnight. Then I can't use it as a phone anymore -- cause It can't connect to mobile network. I am in Brazil and local Samsung refuses to offer support on an imported device. It seems to have been built in Vietnan and it has a firmware from United Arab Emirates -- hackers say it is one of the worst options. Next time, I would buy through my national carrier, making sure I have a national warranty. Or I would forget my Android preference and go with iPhone. That is really frustrating to see that a rather expensive product is not relyable!

I likeso far I can say that I agree, it is fast and has good features.complications had to load some email accounts (since the Samsung customer service people told me that it was not possible to load this type of account, look on my own and discovered how to achieve it).the camera is very good excellent

I bought it to my Girlfriend and she's in love with this phone, I have the same but in Black version. It came faster than we imagine and it's a very good product by Samsung and the Seller is 10.

Excellent appearance, very good camera,Easily operated. The white collour  is beautiful!Yes, I would recomend it  to a friend

Sometimes the cellphone stop working, there are some programs that don't work okay, and I had to reset it once, so a lost I my pictures and numbers.The camera quality is good, but for instance it does not pay the high value.

Very elegant cell phone. Works perfectly. Unlocked for every phone company in Mexico. Hope to use it for a very long time. Perfect sound, reception and size.

Good afternoon.I  bought a S4 on december...  recived it on february, and it came locked, can u help to unlock it? you are giving a false description.. if its an error hope that you can solve it soon..

the battery lasts only 12 hours. I sent this cell phone to Brazil and there the cost to replace the item is too expensive.

I knew the s4 was the phone I wanted. I needed GSM quad-band factory unlocked for use with international pre-paid SIMs (specifically European and Asian in the near future). This is the right phone. This one was for my wife and I bought another one on Amazon for myself. The one I bought for myself was technically international, it does accept SIMs from South America, all over North America, and the Caribbean. However, that other one does not accept Asian or European SIMs. Be careful what  you buy on Amazon I guess is the lesson learned. Other reviews on this phone seem to state they did not get what they expected from this vendor (T-Mobile unlocked rather than truly factory unlocked, etc.). I did get exactly what I needed from this vendor, however another failed me. So, again, buyer beware. Also, don't open your phone's box in the dark because you are so excited it has arrived :-) I did that with the Americas phone and am now stuck with it.However, just to reiterate, this phone is exactly what I wanted and fit the bill perfectly. My experience with this particular phone is completely perfect.

I was my underst anding that this phone would work with AT&T.;  But after the Vendor sent me the phone I noticed T-mobile came up when it was turned on.  Vendor insisted the phone was not locked.....sent it back and was told that it was locked and they would send a new unlocked phone.  Well they pulled a switch on the phone sending me a I9500.  When I contact vendor they told me that the I9505 would not work with AT&T; data downloads.  Got a complete refund.I have confirm if that is true or the were just trying to get rid of I9500, but I'm waiting for the Samsung Galaxy S5

The product is good but I can not get 4 G in USA for data.I lost the connection sometimes, too.

It will work for couple of months and stop working like mine did, I tried to get them to take it back and fix it but they wouldnt.... here is the conversation:Hello, I purchased a Samsung Galaxy S4 from you (with another account). Ihave never dropped the phone, it was always in the case. It was fine untiltwo 1 week ago. When I turn it on I get a black and white Samsung GalaxyGt-i9505 Logo and then I just hear the music. The phone works but the screendoes not, the buttons beside home button do light up. I tried calling USSamsung they told me to try PH Samsung, but they told me to contact you...Can I send it back? I also changed my address recently. Here is the ordernumber and stuff when I got an email conformation.Responce from  FGS Trading next dayHelloI am sorry to hear this. Please try a hard reset, this may remove anyglitches the phone has. Unfortunately we can no longer take itback since it is past our 30 days return policy.EmmaI responded immediately:Tried that. Yeah but every Samsung phone has 1 year warranty so because the hardware stopped working properly 1 and a half week before 1 year warranty expires since I bought it. You must take care of this.Response from FGS TradingHelloI am sorry to hear this. Please contact Samsung. Unfortunately we canno longer take itback since it is past our 30 days return policy.EmmaReally bad costumer service... If you want a guarantee/warranty that It will get fixed if ever breaks, don't buy this phone!

im a little bit unhappy cuz the price keep decreasing after I bought it, but it's a good phone and worth to buy

I buy the galaxy s4 here in usa for my girlfriend .. and when my girlfriend went to Venezuela after two months ruined. when connected to charge after a few hours not charge anything. I'm upset because I paid nearly $ 600 dollars and for two months was ruined. I feel sorry for my girlfriend who was his first galaxy s4. disappointed with this seller

The product that I bought is probably not unlocked version. Because there are lots of vodafone staffs in applications. I don't use sim card and do live in usa for now. Thats why I cant understand this is unlocked or not. How can I understand that will I be able to use this in turkey.

Samsung s4 is great for everything i need, mails, browsing, movies, camera , videos...I am fine with all it's features.BUT what will i do with a mobile if there is no charge in it ...I have had samsung  mobiles and used to not chargin it for days but this is very annoying for me and that's why rated it 3...however i have to say that i love the samsung s4 if not for the battery...

Very good seller, send me as it was delivered as described and as expected time. I've already had a Samsung S3 but S4 is better and more quickly to work with. Galaxy S4 is the best...

Cannot comolain so far, best droid for common user. Love the camera functions and overall experience with the apps like watch on to control my cable source.

When I got the package. I noticed that the package seal label was re-sealed, and the back cover was not proper snapped completed and found out the total internal memory was 9.22GB instead of 16GB. Not sure what else are not the original.

I had bought s3. Didnt really like it that much, so I went back to iPhone4s. I bought this new one it completely out lived my expectations. Graphics dont break, big screen is awesome.

GREAT PHONE...  WORKING NICE

4months down the line, so issues at all. It came as vietnamese version made for french market. But have it mind if doesnt pick up 4G in the USA.

nice set up easy to use. Graphics incredible.  Does everything fast and well. I got protector case to keep it safe

Wifi kept turning off and every time it did I had to reset the phone back to factory hated it.

I ordered a factory unlocked phone and received an AT&T; branded unlocked phone. It is not what is advertised by the seller. I am severely disappointed in Amazon as they are the ones that fulfill the order and should ensure that the product being advertised is the product delivered.I was planning on buying another phone for myself but I'll be going to Newegg for that.

It's a French device with french interface and doesn't support US T-Mobile and AT&T; 4G/LTE frequences. I paid $70 to move to 4G unlimited plan but to no profit - this device doesn't work on US 4G networks. And also I can't change the greeting on French (Aujourd'hui) to the English one. Hate it.I can't understand why you sell EU phones on Amazon, where you have 99% US/Canada customers. This is just stupid and rude and also it's false advertisement to say that it's an international phone.

The product was ok. I have some minor issues with the product. I plan to contact the manufacturer about these issues but for now I am able to use the product to make calls, surf the internet and downloads and use apps.

excellent product. I like the samsung galaxy S4 i9505 16GB 4g/lte smartphone it has everything I need in a cellphone. works very good. awesome

arrived intact and works perfectly on my computer Venezuela, shame that came with the logo of tmobile, but it's a good product and is intact

Great phone and it has all the features I was looking for. Easy to navigate, takes great pictures. No brainer

I am not a normal Smartphone user.I am a complete phone nerd that likes to custom modify the software on my phones to get every last once of power or battery life out of it as is humanly possible.The S4 have proved to be, by far, the easiest phone to work with that I've ever had. Samsung products make rooting a breeze by basically giving you easy access to do it through the Download menu in the phone's bootloader and with software called Odin that runs on your PC to get the needed files and software you need onto the phone.That aside, the bright vivid LED screen and smoothness of the animations make the Galaxy S4 the best phone on the market. Even the newer S5 isn't a better option to me because it's got very few improvements over the S4 and costs a lot more.The one major downside to the S4 is it's durability. The phone has a plastic construction that looks very nice, but one drop say...oh I don't know....on its' side into the corner of the bathroom sink....and it's got a shattered screen. However, the screen is easily replaceable. In fact the entire device has component parts that unplug from the main motherboard so they can be easily replaced if something like your camera goes bad. And its' not hard to open the device up and swap out defective parts.The most common flaw I see in these is dust build up near the proximity sensor, which causes the phone to always think it is near your face and thus it will keep a black screen after a phone call. This is easily fixed by opening up the housing and cleaning out the sensor. The whole process took me about 10 minutes.All the nerdy stuff aside, if you are jus tlooking for a great reliable stable phone, the S4 is a great option. It's processor allows for smooth scrolling and stable operation. It can also handle any app or game you throw at it with ease.

The excellent team, but after a while to be working just turned off and the only way to turn it on again was usually plugging.I read on google that is because the battery is faulty and some models actually tends to bulge in this case check the battery and started the serial # BD ..., what makes me think it must be the battery.I feel very badly that if Samsung knows this has not replaced these batteries, and they have even more vendors here on Amazon who are selling these computers with the faulty battery.

This phone is locked and it had &#34;orange&#34; as it's service provider. What a disappointment after spending this kind of money.!!!!!!

When I got my phone I was elated!  And now that I have it and been using it all my expectations are met! Lovely phone, light and works very well!!! Great buy!!!
