
When I saw the price for this phone (along with new contract), I just knew I would some complications getting the deal. Or, the phone would be poor quality.  I am happy to report that both of my assumptions were wrong.  This is a great deal for the price!

So far I am still learning all of the ins and outs but it is a great phone. My last phone was an old flip phone, which was for all intense purposes all that I needed...needed voice recognition. My kids have been hounded me to get with the times and I'm glad I finally did. This phone is a deep burgundy rather than the purple is looks on screen, but overall it really is a great phone for the price I paid for it (a penny!!!) I was debating between this phone and the I-Phone and I would suggest this one over the other for anyone trying to make a decision on a phone,

I love my new phone!  Awesome birthday gift!  It has all the apps I love and need in and I still have plenty of space for other downloads!

LOVE EVERYTHING ABOUT IT, ALL THE FEATURES, AND THE EASY TO USE TIPS. EXCELLENT COLOR AND BEAUTIFUL PACKAGING AS WELL.

So far it seems to be a great phone. In time we shall see if it really proves to be as good as everyone says it to be.

The only problem I have is that I have low to no signal in my house since I bought this phone. Everywhere else the phone rocks!

I've had my phone for about a month.  I am finding it very easy to use and I have not had any issues with anything EXCEPT the placement of the volume and power buttons.  They are directly opposite eachother and however I hold the phone, I am hitting one or both of them accidentally.  I LOVE the purple, its a great shade.  It did scuff easily, unfortunately,  so I have to cover it with a case and I am now hunting for a good crystsl clear case.  Great battery life and was VERY easy to set up.

I just absolutely love this phone.  I wasn't sure if it would be better than the SII but it is.  I love the thinness, the speed of the processor, and the display is crisp and pretty.  Takes great photos and has a clear speaker.  I definitely recommend this phone to everyone.

Love this phone! The screen is perfect. It is easy to use. It runs great. I definitely like it better than the iphone.

Like phone but need to read the manual so I am not operating at full capacity. I think it will meet all my needs plus some!

If you Love any shade of purple then this is the phone for you! It is a great smartphone and easy to use.

Love the larger print and new features,  sure wish the manual had a listing of all you can do.  Samsung has outdone itself with this phone.  But they have some features that I don't understand.  But I will be learning all the stuff this phone can do for a long time.  Meanwhile the basics are easy readable and fun.

Very nice phone, while it's not the top of the line it's very close (as compared to the S4). Has all of the features I'm looking for in a mobile device. Setup and activation was easy and very straightforward. Thanks to the Google account it loaded my contacts and apps in just a few short minutes.

Great phone.  So far I have not had any problems.  It takes great pics, mp3 player sounds nice, lots of extras. I am enjoying it.

Great phone. Lightning fast,a lot of fun apps and features.  Love the size of the screen and very lightweight.  Always loved Samsung  products.

The phone exceeds expectations. Amazon as always is fantastic.Sprint on the other hand is horrific to deal with. Sprint quoted us one price for monthly service multiple times. Sprint even admits to quoting us the price they did and they still refuse to honor the quoted price.  This phone is great but look  at a carrier other than sprint.

I'm a Sprint customer, and this is my first time ordering through Amazon. I was able to upgrade at a very good price, so I did so. I had an HTC Evo 3D 4G. Which was an OK phone, but there were some complaints I had. They are all corrected here, plus more! The camera is amazing, even in low light. The flash does not distort colors but it is bright.Call quality is very, very clear, and the size of the phone makes it, at least for me, easier to talk on. I don't feel like the micophone is in my cheek.The purple is a dark, lovely purple. Even though I have mine in a case, I still wanted purple.I think it had a fairly good battery life. It charges fast. I messed with mine all day as well as texting on it and it only used 50% of the battery.I have not used a lot of the features yet. It's easy to customize anything you like. From apps and widgets on your screens, to ringtones and message tones specific to a friend or family member. The screen is crystal clear and just beautiful.I can't wait to delve into more adn learn everything fun this phone can do! Highly recommend this phone!

I got this phone for my daughter, I got a white unit over a year ago and I think this phone is like a little tablet... So I got my daughter the same kind...it is great... I recommend this phone to anyone.

I love this phone, I used my upgrade to get it and the price was amazing. The shipping was fairly normal for 2 day shipping, came at the end of the second day.The only issue I had was with amazon themselves when ordering the phone. But after 5 phone calls, over 20 emails, a live chat session and having the issue forwarded to an account manager (who never responded at all) I solved the issue myself. I've never had a company literally say they didn't want my business and they wouldn't have gotten it if I could afford to spend more than $10 for an upgrade.Read through all the details yourself and be careful about filling everything out otherwise it might take a month longer than you needed to get it.

I ordered this phone as a second line on my Sprint account for my daughter's birthday she turms 18 and I love the quality, she loves the color. Fast shipping and everything set up and ready just like it says it will be. Excellent!!!!

What a great phone (I know this because I already have my own)!  My daughter has been asking to have the same phone as mine and now she does...and in one of her favorite colors!  The SIII is such an amazing device already.  The Amazon price and the color made it an easy decision for me when it was time for my daughter's upgrade.

This Samsung Galaxy S3 is the phone I have been waiting for.  Large screen, ease to use right out of the box. Info from my other Android phone transferred seamlessly without a hitch.

not quite sure what to do with it.  It soes not seem to want to charge. you have to play around with the port to get it to charge something is not right with it.  This was a replacement phone to one that was stolen from me.  do I go to sprint with it or back to amazon?

Love my phone :) was easy to upgrade my account and easy to activate over the phone. Took no time.

Got this for my Mom and she's having a ball with it. the constant messages about accepting this or that and offers for services or free trials confuse her, so be prepared for this if buying for someone who's not tech-savvy. But that is likely the case with any new smart phone purchase. Great product for the money spent. Even compares favorably with the S4s I got for my spouse and me.

I don't have any complaints.This was my first time buying a phone from Amazon. I recieved my phone super fast & the price I got it for well I couldn't beat that.

I loooove this phone its a tad darker than what the picture shows. I still love it though. There's so much to learn about this phone as it has so many different features. It talks to me, tells me who's calling, she wakes me up..yes &#34;she&#34;, Lol her voice is so calm and suttle. I love the fact I can tell her who to call who to text what to text, add an event to my calendar all in just a few words!!! Love it so far and it hasn't been a week yet!!! My battery came charged too!! Big plus, Ooooh and the packaging, if you're like me and love &#34;detail&#34; yes, beautiful purple box looks like a jewelry box had everything placed so neatly!!  LOVE, LOVE, LOVE...definitely and UPGRADE!!!

I love purple!!! I had to have the purple Galaxy III. Compared to the HTC EVO 4G that I had previously, this phone is a dream!!! It has so much storage and I have a ton of apps and still haven't ran into any issues. The battery life is amazing! The camera is great.

This is my first smart phone and I'm loving it!  My grandson is giving me lessons on how to use it. I feel so much more connected to my family with my ability to receive and send pictures and texting is sooo much easier.  My previous phone was an 'old fashioned' one with a screen that was approximately 2&#34;x2&#34;; I had to call and ask what the picture was.  Texting took forever because a lack of a keyboard.  The Samsung Galaxy S III was recommended to me by family members and I couldn't be happier.

Love it!!! it is a great phone and so far I do not need the extra battery pack. I love the color

Great phone, at a great price. Fast shipping and no problems whatsoever.  My wife loves her new phone, now she can leave my phone alone. Lol

Bought this phone for the wife and she can't stop playing with it. She loves how fast, sleek and light it is. It has great battery life and is perfect for what she uses it for.

Love using this phone. Of course I love most all of Samsung products. We have 3 family members that have this same phone &#34;in different colors of course&#34; and one that has the mini. We all love them.

I LOVE this phone and the features are like WOW!! It met and exceded my expectation for a smartphone !!!!

I love my new phone and it works perfectly :-) No problem activating it. The phone arrived within 2 days of ordering. Will not be going through phone company to order my phones anymore because they overcharge. It was much simplier to do my upgrade via Amazon.

I really love this phone.  It's like having a mini computer. Best of all I was able to get it for a penny!

I had the choice of this phone or the brand new iPhone 5 and I'm very happy with my choice. I've never liked iTunes and they change up their phones like three times a year. The Galaxy S3 is not the newest thing, but it's still very nice, works very well, and has a great big screen.  The battery life isn't that bad for what I use it for. The only real complaint I have is not being able to remove apps that came installed on the phone. You don't have to have them on your main menus, but when you go to the Apps menu there's tons of pre-loaded apps from Samsung that I have absolutely no need for, some of them are practically duplicates (there's like 6 apps for music & movies from Samsung) and it can't be removed at all. I've called about it actually.  I have an issue with the phone's menus recognizing my headphones after a few weeks, and I've been too lazy to call on it, so that's kinda my bad. Anyway overall it's a great phone and I'm happy with it. I also purchased another in Black for my fiance, and he has no issues (aside from the unnecessary apps already stated)

Love itget this phone you wont be sorry. sprints network is great if on lte or in a upgraded area

I fell in love with the galaxy phones when i received the s2 for my birthday....I love the vibrant colours and the camera quality...so many more i just love about this phone but i don't feel like typing anymore

My wife LOVES this phone. The purple made her want it, but the features have surprised her. She already owns a Samsung Tab, so it's not much different. First smart phone ever, and she is happy with the upgrade. Better price through Amazon than I could get through Sprint.

I've had this phone as a business phone for 18 months.  For my personal phone...well lets just say that I was anxiously awaiting the chance to trade it in for this phone.  I looked at the new Galaxy SIIII but really didn't feel that I needed anything that it had to offer above this phone for the price.  And how could I turn down the 1 cent deal that I got along with the option of purple!

great phone holds up well, would recommend this phone, third S3 for myself and the kids, have white, blue, purple love them all

I LOVE IT!!! AND EVEN BETTER BECAUSE IT'S PURPLE. All the features and the screen quality is great as well. Just love it

This phone is simple to use, the pic is amazing and I absolutely love it!  I especially love how nice the photos I take on it turn out...so much better than my old phone!

I am a big fan of the Samsung products. Have TV's, dvd players and other products. My phone is great. The battery does not have the life I would like but the phone is great.

Im not sure if its a manufactoring issue, but ive already had to call sprint twice about this safe mode the phone wants to voluntarily go in. Love the phone! Battery is ok...probably will end up buying another one. Like that i can use the internet and phone at the same time. Its a pretty purple, but not deep as the picture. Alot of features to get used to.Ill keep you posted...

I love purple so I love my phone even more! I got it for 1 on Amazon Wireless with a new activation. Definitely worth the upgrade from Cricket!!! I get alot of compliments on the color too. Only thing is that Samsung forgot to make an equally beautiful purple flip case for it, so I got the GreatShield iSlide Slim-Fit PolyCarbonate Hard Case in purple, which matches almost exactly! It'll definitely make you want to accessorize the heck out of it!

LOVE IT !!! thanks Amazon for  giving me a better deal then Sprint The S3 is great and it is in my favorite color purple :)

Probably the best all around phone for the money on the market. I have had one for over a year and got this one for my mother. After having a cheaper android that confused her and was harder to use she loves the simplicity and the large fonts that can be used to make it easy to see. It's tough and 100% reliable too! I paid a lot for mine when they first came out, but this one was 99 cents! How can you beat that?

I'm still learning different features on this one but I like it so far just can't figure out how to send pictures from my gallery.

Easy to use, it does everythimg extremely well.  Check your personal email or business email with ease. (Of course,  they need to be seperate email addresses.)  Don'tknow the max of accounts you can load, I have three seperate accounts.  It works smoothly, plus you have option to have a seperate signature for each one.  I had mine set-up , plus working eithin minutes.  Hardest part having passwords readily available,  my mistake of not planning ahead, past devices took so long, I never anticipated the quick anspd smooth process.Screen is gourgous, easy to read emails, books, etc.  Plus watch videos, including Netflix or YouTube.  Have been using for several weeks, with no issues.  Except doesn't make coffee :-)

It's a great phone I got it for my daugther and she love it this phone is reliable  and strong.

Service was on time. Product was brand new. It was a surprise Christmas present for my daughtershe broke her other one

I really like the phone, but I'm way disappointed in the color. The phone is more of a plum. I was expecting this bright purple. :-(

Still trying to learn how to use my first smart phone, but this one is easy. The nice big screen makes it easier to work with than an IPhone. Glad I made this choice of phone.

Got this phone for my mother in law for her birthday. She was so excited to have a smart phone with great features one being the fantastic camera. She is a happy camper.

This is my first smart phone so I am overwhelmed (happily) by the functionality. I would like to see a hard copy instruction provided with the hardware.

I simply love this phone. I can do so much with it and so much of it is customizable.  so happy I got this phone!

My first otterbox, since everyone that I know has one i didn't want to be left out, now I can see why. Absolutely awesome  & Love the color.

Everything else about the phone is great but....I guess it is my fault for not doing a more in-depth search on the internet or it could be just my particular phone that Amazon sent me. People can not hear me when I try talking to them on the phone so Amazon is supposed to be sending me a replacement when this one gets sent back to them. If the second one does perform like it is supposed to then I will update my rating. If not then I will send the phone back so they will reset my upgrade eligibility and so I won't be charged for the activation fee. ***Updated see below***Okay so here's the deal.  The internal microphone is located on the bottom of the phone and unlike my HTC EVO 4g LTE phone; when I hold the Galaxy S3 usually I was holding my pinky over the mic unknowingly covering it up therefore making it so people could not hear me and in turn making me think there was a problem with the phone.  When I received the second phone I did not want to give up so I continued to troubleshoot and after more searching on the internet decided to test out the theory with the microphone.  So my problem was solved.I now do not have any complaint whatsoever with this phone and my area does have 4g as well so that makes me even happier.  I have had Sprint service for about 7 years.  I would say my preferred brands of phones are either HTC or Samsung but I waited for the longest for this phone.  I chose this one because HTC did not have another one that I wanted at the time and I did want a Galaxy but not the S4 because I did read of the problems with the S4.So if you are thinking about getting the S3 I would say you would not be making a mistake nor making a mistake in choosing Sprint as they are a decent value for the money.  For what they charge for the Simply Everything plan it can't be beat by ATT, Verizon, and/or T-Mobile. A lot of people seem to go with those companies because those companies seem to have flashier commercials and buy into the hype. Sprint does not try to hype anyone else up. I did check into Verizon and the others before choosing Sprint years ago and the costs for what I have for Sprint, the other companies would have bled me dry all the features I have with Sprint.So in closing I am more than satisfied with not only with my Purple Samsung Galaxy S3 but also with the service I receive from Sprint. Thanks for taking the time out to read my review.
