
I loved this phone- so the fact that it was not unlocked made me cry while I packaged it back up to return it.

bought the phone from Mango Wireless.  The phone is from AT&T.  The phone won't charged, and did not powered up.  Not sure it is unlocked because it is not come up yet.

This phone is really good, I think your price is more than fair.I will use from Caracas-Venezuela. Movistar Band 1900 for 3G.

This phone is easy to use and very interactive. I do not need a lot of apps on my phone. I mostly text, sometimes check facebook. I love the mixradio offline mixes app that comes as part of the phone.

It's a great smartphone, is well built, is solid and can be drive quickly and easy. Was a outrageous buy &#34;

Thanks

Awesome phone, would give 5/5 if i had a magic jack app though.

The product is good I like it but the only thing I cant download any application like facebook, wassap, etc, on it, I want you to please send me a link that I could go just to download the apps that I want for my phone

thank

for the cost is a great phone, good display the only thing is that it does not have many app

Works nice and easy, very good relation price/benefits, i use it for running with runtastic without internet connection and works well playing my music

These phones may be unlocked but they are branded AT&T. They come in Nokia OEM packaging and are labeled unlocked by the distributor. They just failed to mention the service provider branding. The return was easy. Just not the phone I was looking for.

The phone does not work. It did not meet my expectations. I filed a claim with Amazon after making multiple attempts to resolve the problem with the seller (all of the correspondence is on file to view). It was sold as a phone that was/is &#34;unlocked&#34;. It is not unlocked and is not usable with my carrier.Gene B.

Another great deal from amazon.  it is truly a un-lockes cell phone and you can use any carrier you want,  The Nokia Lumina 520 is a great phone

The phone I received looks like an immitation. This is the third Lumia phone I've purchased and this one is definitely not authentic.

I have been using a top end Google phone for the last three years, and wanted to replace it.  Not wanting to spend much, and also liking the idea of trying another operating system, I decided for this phone.  It is really very nice.  It is pretty fast (faster than my old top end phone which is to be expected even though the specifications are quite similar), and has a decent selection of apps.  It is a little &#34;plasticish&#34;, but this is to be expected.  I do like it being light though.  The screen is bright and sharp.  Not having a front facing camera is probably the only real let down, but I know this when paying the phone.  In reality, I have not missed this much as I hardly ever take &#34;selfies&#34;, and I can use my laptop for Skype if I want to use video.  The phone did arrive in Chinese!  I had to guess  how to get to the settings screen to change the language to English by looking at the icons. Being registered as coming from Taiwan, it wont allow me to download the original Nokia Music app.  ????  Strange.  I do use a third party app, but it isn't quite as slick.

This is one of the best handset I have ever used! Excellent, indeed. Ross Cellular phones made it available to me as scheduled

It is an outstanding value in a smart phone with excellent calling features.  An additional plus are Nokia maps and navigation which is unequaled in other brand name smart phones.  Care must be taken after a phone call to avoid pocket calls.

Item was not as described by seller. Was supposed to work for sprint network like other unlocked phones but was unable to be ported. I'm sure its just technical oversight and my refund was readily available but to be without 150 dollars for 2 weeks because of a mislabel is mildly irritating to say the least.

I love this phone, every thing that is mention on this phone is on it, I recommend anyone to buy.

I just love it. I bought it for a friend and she loves it. phone was clean and got it in great shape.

Phone in the condition as described in the ad, except was missing the charger, and cable as described in the original.

Not as great as Apple IPHONES, but the camera is way far better than the IPHONES. Some apps have problems after you download, but Windows get them fixed asap. The phone is very very easy to disassemble and assemble. Not as hard as IPHONES, I fixed my cracked screen already. I love it!!

AMAZING PHONE...... VERY FAST

I purchased 2 Lumia 520's in preparation for moving - I took the phones to a T-Mobile store and they were kind enough to test them to make sure they were indeed unlocked.  I have not had time to test the camera or call quality.  Phones arrived from the seller in factory sealed boxes.  As far as my requirements go both the seller and the phones met my expectations for service and expediency.

Why did you choose this rating?For the price is the BEST smartphone you can get.When you have it in your hands you do not believe it has been so cheap.What did you like or dislike?PROS:Windows Phone 8 is very cute and run smoothly most of the time.Camera and Nokia apps make a great job with good light.Here Drive app is the best GPS app in any platform I tried.PS: If you want 3G 850/1900 you may choose model RM-915 (AT&T;, Venezuelan Movistar, Movilnet) or RM-917. If you want 3G 900/2100 you may choose model RM-914.CONS:No led flash.Lacks of apps in marketplace.Who would you recommend this to?Yes, I recommend this phone for those who need to stay connected and don't want to spend much money.

I bought this for my sister and she liked it. Good one.

great pictures good phone , great reception.

Excellent phone. Very smooth operation especially for such a low price.I love the fact that it syncs with my w8 desktop

Great phone; however the one I was sold didn't work correctly; and returned it.

Not sure what the hoopla about this phone is - would be great but has very poor battery life. Previously have used a 2g IPhone and a Blackberry Curve, and both of those will last about a week wtihout a charge (I don't use my phone much). I leave wireless off unless actually using it. This phone 99% idle use will last only two days.

I love the windows program, but the camera leaves a lot to be desired. I would definitely purchase the Windows program again.

I got the phone, had it shipped all the way  across the world, and guess what! It won't come on! I have tried everything. It won't come on!Returning it is not an option. I would spend the cost of the phone having It shipped back. Just as a warning to others in my condition. DO NOT BUY! You'll be out $100 and with no phone!An update to this review.I spent the weekend googling my Nokia Lumia will not start, and then googled, my Nokia Lumia is stuck on the start-up page and I got excellent help. It seems you need to follow the following steps;Step 1Make sure the power is OFFPress and hold the volume down and connect the charger, if succeed an exclamation mark (!) is down on the screen.Step 2Then input keys in the following orderVolume UpVolume DownPowerVolume downThe screen will then go black.Give the phone about 10 minutes without touching it. Then a set of rotating screws showed on the screen, and then the phone came on.It was a bit of a scare and I am told I must never let the phone's battery die down, because I really do not want to go through that again. But so far, so good for the phone.

I was skeptical at first since the other Lumia we purchased from Amazon did not have a sticker label to identify it as unlocked but this one did. Also the, other Lumia had an IEMI # on the box different than the IEMI # on the phone itself. both companies shipped through Amazon but this latest one was better. Another thing I want to share, when you buy a Lumia 520, it comes with a factory installed screen protector, something we did not know first time around. All you have to do is carefully peel back the &#34;DO NOT TEXT AND DRIVE&#34; label adhered to the screen protector to uncover it. Start at the little tail on top right when separating the two layers!

I bought this phone for my father who is 70 and in an obvious entry level with the smartphone world. He seems to be happy with it because, so far, he hasn't any big complaint. I have been teaching him how to use some features, but the rest is on his count and doing very well. It's really a good low-profile easy to use phone.

great phone has windows 8 , has  a nice camera it`s no an android phone but you can deal with it!

The phone works perfectly fine. Was exactly what was described. Only cons is it comes with some bloatware from at&t, but you can eliminate those programs if you don't want them. Overall very happy with the buy

Phone I got was faulty & is such a piece of junk. Every few days it won't turn on or charge. Complete waste of money.

You cannot get a better equipped, responsive and down-right awesome value for money smart phone than this.Very easy to use. Very good call quality. And syncs with Windows 8 on a laptop seamlessly. Just the job.Brilliant.

There's no driver from Nokia for Windows for this phone. When I hook it up to USB port to the desktop, it shows asOther devices -&#62; RM-915 | Nokia Lumia 520This means it cannot be used with Zune or &#34;Windows Phone Device Manager&#34;.  You can still use &#34;Windows Phone app for desktop&#34; which is limited to copying files to the memory.  I would like to be able to manage apps from the PC, similar to iTunes and iPhone since typing on real keyboard and a mouse with big screen is easier for me than doing it on the phone itself.Other than that phone is great for the price. It is fast, looks modern, thinner than the iPhone 5 (my main phone)  and overall it is OK for the money.  Nokia doesn't support it with it's studio, so it looks like it has been crippled by purpose - otherwise it would compete with more expensive models. This phone begs for 3rd party support, primarily to manage apps on the phone, since it looks Nokia will not provide any additional support.

This phone is good if you are not used to complicated operating system....however the touch reaction is not smoother than the other big guns company..however for the price this amazing....but if you are wanting good apps don't buy this

I am still fighting to set up my family can't download anything, that is the only thing I don't like

I really like this phone. And I'm very much liking the Windows Phone OS. I've used Android for years, but this is just so clean and solid. Lots of the apps I was using on Android are available on WinPhone OS now, and the Nokia apps like maps and Driving aid are excellent (like you can download maps by state or country to have offline -- makes the data streaming much lighter). Also some new apps just showed up (like Microsoft solitaire) that completed stuff I was looking for. Nokia also has upgraded their suit of apps, and the new camera beta is really powerful. Hard to believe you get all this for such a good price. Did I mention the replaceable battery, or the microSD card slot for storing pictures, videos, and music? Even has an FM radio built in -- not an Internet one (which it can do too), but a real radio, which is just cool. Also saves on data streaming if there's a radio nearby you like to listen to. (BTW, I got an unlocked one because I don't use ATT and I travel to Asia a lot. It was just as advertised. I believe it came from Malaysia as the system languages out-of-the-box were English, Chinese, and Malay. But it is easy to add other system languages to this WinPhone. I did it.

This product had a crack on the camara lens not mentioned before sale

Work is beautiful and works great. It was a gift and the recipient was quite pleased.I would do business with you guys again.

I like it..works international..only difficult issue was the keyboard as it was not English USA .otherwise everything else works great

This pone is amazing, Works perfectly in Venezuela, is so flow and fast, i hardly recomend this phone, I love it.

The phone I got was a Telus Unlocked phone from Canada, and it worked perfectly with my sim card (T-mobile/I-Wireless) monthly paid. Very fast, and I will love this phone forever! Came with original box and all accessories!

The phone sucks and it doesn't work right I wish they would tell you the phone sucks beforehand would be nice

I love m new Nokia phone, very fast!!!  Thanks!!!

the package arrived without content and I need to know how to retrieve the product or my money or if I was just scammed. please i need answer.thanks

The Phone I got is AT&T; lockedUnfornately and after almost a week of waiting the phone I received is locked, I didn't want to jeopardize and get the code or whatever, I asked for unlocked phone (simple), all the manuals inside the package was for AT&T...so; be careful

Since i got this phones i was excited about it. Its a great phone, and has all the needs of todays tecnology. Great os for me its most confortable than iphone and android. Great device.

The data or internet side of the phone does not work here in the states or in Ethiopia.  Also never saw 3G network.

Mi girl loved it I bought it for her birthday an she was happy about it. It came on time and was fully unlocked

not a fan of the windows 8 phone at all. It is just a complete mess and not user friendly. I get aggravated just looking at the screen.

I had initially loved this phone, then is tried to listen to some mp3 music. Wow horrible sound quality no matter what stereo headset i used. No equalizer available on the phone and no updates available to get one either. So if you have this smart (dumb) phone you need to get an mp3 player as well.

bought it for my mother as a gift....first time buying windows phone..great price for a nokia phone....windows 8 OS is very user friendly...love it

This phone is a piece of crap. It has a smooth running spftware but its the worst if ur a gamer or someone who used to own an android or ios. WINDOWS STORE BARELY HAS ANY APPS, WORTHLESS AND USELESS

Not impressive product . ..but I think it was ok for the price I paid .but I like Nokia and I will buy Nokia again but better version .

fone iz gud

Got my puchase on time and of good quality.Real factory unlocked Nokia.Keep up the good work and thank you so much.Gee

I like the phone though I have just started using it.

I'm so happy with my purchase my mom loves her new phone.  I was looking for a lumia for my mom and I decided to purchase it from good guys electronics. After I purchased the phone I email them about receiving the phone quickly they responded promptly .The phone was shipped out asap and I got it in 1 day I was shocked and the service I received from good guys and their team.  I'll highly recommend them and also the phone was unlocked as listed. All I did was get mom mom a micro sim and the phone was working great no issues.  I'LL BUY AGAIN I WISH THEY WERE MORE SELLERS LIKE GOOD GUYS. LOVE YOU GUYS .

This is truly the little phone that could. The interface is truly one of a kind, unlike those cheap and horrible Android phones that almost never run smoothly.

does it go with verizon?

The go phone version is exactly the same with a cheaper price 60$ at your local wallie world, and let me tell you best phone I've had, no lag, videos and sound are beyond expectations, the camera takes amazing pictures for being only 5mp. Better than my iphone 5s grainy pics. Phone has pretty decent apps with less annoying advertisements, and has custom browsers as well. I use my nano chip from my iphone in the phone even tho it requires a micro it still fits, and it's 4g can't complain, also bought a white housing from here and man does it look good. If your thinking about it, get it but get the go phone and save 40$

This phone is simply fantastic!!!! You don't need to pay monthly and with WiFi you have everything you want, whatsapp, line, fb, twitter, and also is linked with my Xbox Live Account! I get achievements for free games for the phone! I love this phone and battery lasts way longer than Samsung ones... Constantly talk to with my friends with the apps above and I only charge it every 36 hours average! I always loved Nokia and with Windows 8 and all the sync with Xbox, Hotmail, Skype... Love it!!! And the best of all is that is cheap!

Good condition phone. However sometimes phone randomly reboots automatically without anything done. First windows phone, so trying out options and additional features. Overall its a good phone for price paid.

This is a great phone if you need something cheap but loaded with features. Here are the things I like:PROS:1. It's fast and fluid. It just works.2. It's cheap! Can't beat the price3. The screen is nice and the feel of the phone is great.4. It has an offline GPS mode (but there is a slight problem with this...see CONS section)CONS:1. The GPS is only free for local use. If you try using the offline free GPS in another country it will ask you to pay for a licensing fee. That's what happened to me when crossing back and forth from Canada and the USA.2. There is no led light or camera flash on this device. Makes it useless to shoot pictures with at night.3. The keyboard is CRAP! It is seriously terrible... I find that many users like myself end up hitting the comma button repeatedly instead of the space bar. I swear I'm pressing the space bar, but the comma always registers. Also the accuracy of the keyboard is terrible. It makes for an unpleasant experience at times..... I'm not the only one with this issue, as several of my friends have the same problem.Conclusion:Overall, although there are many shortcomings with this phone, it is still good considering the price. I don't think you'd be disappointed with it considering what you get for for the price. But, don't expect perfection, as this phone does fall short in many aspects.

Great product, fast shipping. Thanks!!

I bought this phone for me because I am a huge fan of Nokia. Excellent price, amazing product. It is unlocked and it works in Venezuela with Movilnet and Movistar. Es maravilloso y f&aacute;cil de manejar y aunque no estaba muy familiarizada con el Windows 8 fue super facil de aprender a manejar. Best thing for me, it works like a computer!!!

I bought this phone, not to use as a cellphone, but to use as a &#34;mini computer&#34; when traveling. I travel almost year-round, so I wanted to have a device that I could use when connected to Wifi for emails, Skype, Youtube, and things like that. Many hotels, even budget hotels in developing countries, now offer free WiFi for their guests to use.The phone has worked even better than I even hoped it would. Although it is the first smartphone I have owned(so I am not an expert) I really enjoy using Windows 8, and I couldn't be more pleased with the quality of this Nokia smartphone. In regard to &#34;apps&#34; I find the amount of apps available at the present time to be most satisfactory. Every time someone has recommended an app(that they use on their Iphone or android phone) it has been available on my Windows phone. Bing News is fantastic when traveling. Having Microsoft Office built-in(available to use when not connected to Wifi) seems incredible. The GPS works great for traveling and(as far as I know) all the maps of the world are available from Nokia for free. The maps are all available right on the phone(need Wifi to download).The maps (and GPS) work offline(when not connected to WiFi). As far as emails(I use hotmail) I can write a new email, or reply to an email, even when I am offline. If I am offline the phone automatically puts the new completed emails into an &#34;outbox&#34; folder. The next time the phone is connected to Wifi all of the completed emails are automatically sent. While the emails are in the outbox folder waiting to be sent I can click on an email and edit it, if I want.I purchased an &#34;unlocked&#34; phone so that I would have the option to buy local prepaid telephone service if I ever am in a foreign country and wish to have temporary cellphone service.The only negative thing I can say about the phone(and I have the feeling this applies to smartphones in general) is the fact that the smartphone must be charged nearly everyday. To compensate for that I purchased an extra Nokia battery(for about $7 from Amazon) that I carry with me when I am traveling. It is identical to the original batter that came with the phone.The bottom line is that I couldn't be happier than I am with the Nokia Lumia 520 smartphone.

This item came on time it had all the accessories plug, usb cord, battery and they notified me when it was shipped I am very happy.

I ordered this phone to upgrade from a simple GoPhone to a semi smart phone without an increase in my monthly phone budget.Since TMobile didn't have the 520 in their plans, I went for an unlocked phone and this was the best bet.The phone arrived in a properly packed package and was new when it arrived with all the accessories mentioned. The box contained the phone, the battery, a charger unit, a USB wire and a set of earphones to use with the phone with a mic.When I turned the phone on, I was surprised to find that the default language was Italian. I checked the box and found that all the instructions inside and details outside the box were in Italian. Was a bit skeptical if it would work, but it did work perfectly with the network. Required a MicroSIM card.The product arrived new, in safe packaging and on time.

I purchased this phone for international travel, as my current wireless provider does not have good international plans. I've used iPhones for the past five years. I had a Windows phone many years ago and this one is definitely better in terms of usability. I like the layout. It was very easy to figure out. The down side is that the phone loses my WiFi connections every time it's powered down. Apparently, this is a KNOWN ISSUE. It looks like I can fix it by going into my router settings and making some changes. As everything else in my house has no issues connecting wireless with the router, there's no way I'm going to change the settings. I haven't tried the phone on WiFi outside of my house yet to see if it's just an issue with my router or something bigger. Long story short, as long as I don't power down, it remembers its wireless settings. As soon as I shut down, I have to re-enter the router password. This is not a deal-breaker because I'll only be using it a few days a year.

excelente

Needed to go to Europe and have a phone for both USA and EU. Nokia 520 with factory unlock performed with no problem at all.Actually it was much cheaper in EU to buy local SIM than it is in states.If you have Windows 8 (and most of you do) it will integrate with your computer and cloud.Very good buy the money.

It is truly a wonderful phone, but there is a little to be desired from the operating system. To simply set a song as a ringtone, u have to do alot. If you are technically inclined and you have the time, learning the new operating system would be a fun in the case of a first time user of Windows 8. But otherwise, read up and be sure is that you want.

nice cell phone. cell excellent taste me from the first moment I arrived I hope you keep it up thanks

Phone is good for basic web browsing, apps and phone calls. Although its unlock phone there are ATT apps and has its logo.

I am really happy with the phone, it works fine, the price was worth the value, the seller shipped fast and I did not have any problem when I put the micro Sim  card in it, just love it

it fits perfectly and i love it

I asked for 4 Nokia Lumia 520.They were mostly OK, just that one of them had the camera button not working and I notice its box had a different manual to the other three.Just hope it is not used. But well, I can't change it because I traveled to Buenos Aires. Just wanted you to know it.Thanks.

Good quality, cheaper price, pretty appearance, suitable screen size, easy to use, enough functions.....I love it so much!!  Recommend to all!!

Has a lot features for this size. WiFi range is very good.What I miss: Windows 8 mobile does not work with my Lotus Organizer.

I bought this phone after breaking my iPhone. At first, I was excited about the features that Nokia offers compared to the iPhone. This phone takes screen shots, has hotspot, and a text and call blocking feature. But as I continued to use this phone, I noticed that all of my favorite apps were not available for Windows phones and the app that were available are not free with Windows phones as they are with iOS and Android.Since the phone was very affordable I tried to overlook the lack of apps issue until I notice that my phone would not install the updates for my apps.  I called AT&T; technical support to help me with this problem (the techician was really great) which led to the technician calling Microsoft .  Microsoft informed us that they do not have a support team to assist with window's phones issues and that they could not help or assist us with any problems the phone may have.  Because the apps will not update, I am unable to use them because the apps shuts down whenever I try to open them.So I am basically SOL when it comes to having a functioning Window's phone!

Stay away from this phone. I installed Viber and Whats app, after that Kept getting stuck daily at least once. Now I have to Hard reset it at least once. Even if you are planning to buy it, DO NOT buy online, as there will be no warranty. I removed all the APP's but still the problem is there.Go for other phones..ThanksKalyan

Well received my phone send it to Africa .its sold as unlocked but guess what it's not .not satisfied very disappointed

Summary:Travel to Asia (particularly Taiwan) and need an unlocked GSM phone.Walked into a retail cell service shop that are located everywhere (I went to Far Eastone), sort of like the AT&T; or Verizon stores we have in US.Told the sales person I needed a SIM card for phone and internet, he sold me one for $500 NTD which adds additional $100 NTD as rebate.$180 NTD for 1 Gb data usable for 30 days, rest for phone charges, billed per second of usage, expires after 6 months.  Just need your passport and your local drivers license from where ever you live (Any 2 IDs with your photo) for them to make a copy.  They even filled out all the forms required for activation.  Paid cash, so no worries about any possibility of auto debit after I leave.The phone is easy to use.small and thin enough to put in my pants pocket.Win 8 interface is pretty easy to get used to, less learning curve than Android IMO.Less Apps for Win8 compared to Android or iOS, but I'm okay with that.Sound quality is goodwi-fi and 3G signal is pretty good.Battery life easily lasts the whole day, good enough for travel where a phone really is just for map, email, text and occasional calls.I am very happy with the purchase.phone is cheap enough that I don't feel bad about damage or lost.

Amazingly fast, great quality photos and easy access to the apps that I use daily; great phone and great value.

Really like this phone, had a android, but like this much better.

I sent this phone to Malawi and they just love it. No issues have been communicated to me so far. Thank you Amazon

PROS: +unlocked smartphone for less than $150, +AGPS+maps, +office suite, +OneNote app, +email clients, +data usage limit monitor/cutoff background app, +many 2G/3G/4G bands +3.5 mm audio jack. CONS: -single volume setting for ringtone and music (WP8.0 GDR2). * * This phone is small size so it fits pants pocket easily together with wallet or even keys. Downside of course that screen is 4 inch with 480x800 resolution which is not that fantastic for productivity. The phone case is some sort of mix between rubber and plastic. This phone might .. maybe .. perhaps .. survive some smaller drops without a extra protective case which is rare in the smartphone category. I appreciated the easy plugin of 3.5 mm computer stereo headphones. Sound recording in OneNote using phone own microphone and playback through headset worked. Having top notch maps and navigation download for free with the phone price is definitely added value. Lumia 520 does not have front facing camera. Skype video is possible but other party will see backside camera view. Having 2 mirrors would substitute for missing front cam, but doubt anybody would bother :-) JAN-31-2014: WP8 OS update GDR3 available, matching firmware: Lumia Black.

Bought this phone to work with straight talk. Put straight talk sim but somehow it could not detect the sim. I believe it is a locked phone. Returned it and got full refund.

the phone is damage...

I actually didn't buy my Nokia Lumia 520 from Amazon because it was to expensive. So I bought it from EE. And if you are wondering where that is then it is in the UK. Anyways, it's a great phone. I enjoy it. It is fast. Good camera.good functions.camera 5mp.good for price.

I really like this phone. And I'm very much liking the Windows Phone OS. I've used Android for years, but this is just so clean and solid. Lots of the apps I was using on Android are available on WinPhone OS now, and the Nokia apps like maps and Driving aid are excellent (like you can download maps by state or country to have offline -- makes the data streaming much lighter). Also some new apps just showed up (like Microsoft solitaire) that completed stuff I was looking for. Nokia also has upgraded their suit of apps, and the new camera beta is really powerful. Hard to believe you get all this for such a good price. Did I mention the replaceable battery, or the microSD card slot for storing pictures, videos, and music? Even has an FM radio built in -- not an Internet one (which it can do too), but a real radio, which is just cool. Also saves on data streaming if there's a radio nearby you like to listen to. (BTW, I got an unlocked one because I don't use ATT and I travel to Asia a lot. It was just as advertised. I believe it came from Malaysia as the system languages out-of-the-box were English, Chinese, and Malay. But it is easy to add other system languages to this WinPhone. I did it.

Works well, does what it is supposed to do. I got this phone for use while traveling through Europe with a Vodafone GSM prepaid SIM card. As soon as I recharged the SIM, both voice and data were immediately available (with 4G where available, otherwise 3G). Phone came pre-loaded with Windows Phone 8, included HERE maps and navigation that work well. Set-up email accounts easily. The touch interface is smooth, the Windows 8 UI is fluid and intuitive. The phone is rather small, which fits well in the pocket, the downside being that the fonts are small, but I need reading glasses anyway. I use mainly for phone calls (voice commands work well), email and light internet browsing, Overall, I am happy with the phone.

I bought this phone as spare as my iPhone got crashed and stopped working completely. I was not sure if I would able to manage a Windows phone after using IOS for last 2-3 years but this phone has not disappointed me. After few hours of using three keys pad, I am quite comfortable with this phone now. Though camera is not that great but its fine to take pictures when you need a camera most and you don't have one. Overall great experience till now.

Great phone works excellent, nice screen, color and apps. Immediately turned on and inserted SIM card, easy to put apps on.

Excellent cellphone, it work fast during 3 weeks has no fails, its very easy to use. So the hardware is almost perfect but.... Yes there's a little problem, the battery, it can last no longer than one day with a full charge when the wyfy is on.The software is really good, I must confess my big sorprise with w8, extremly stable, fast, clear UI and so easy to use even for a 100% new user for the platform. I have till now a great experience.

I was foolish enough to order this Lumina 520 and was told directly on several occasions (calls to Microsoft and to sellers) that this phone was unlocked.  NOT SO.This is a GO-PHONE and can only be used on AT&T; network.  So BE CAREFUL.  When Amazon says "unlocked" you are not receiving accurate information.  UNLOCKED means "no contract" and you can put YOUR OWN SIM in.  I fear that many of the so-called "unlocked phones" on amazon are limited to a specific network.And NEVER buy anything from MICROSOFT; the service is dreadful and the so-called technical "help" is staffed by people who do not know what they are doing.H

i buy this phone when i received its screw and micro card slot was rusty, i have to give this gift and i felt shame , because its looks like used or repaired phone, so be careful to buy it. and seller do not refund me.

on the amazon page for this phone it says the phone is &#34;UNLOCKED&#34; BUT THE PHONE THAT I RECEIVED WAS NOT UNLOCKED IT WAS A LOCKED PHONE. there is not doubt this phone i was sent was in fact LOCKED because, after i complained i was offered an unlocking code which i rejected as a solution because 1..it might risk fouling up the phone and 2..it could void the warrantee.

I am on my second Nokia Lumia 520 in both instances I am having issues with the touch screen in the first I was not seeing the options to end, hold or mute a call, I am now on my second and it is putting calls oon hold or mute ending calls or redialing while in call or calling into voice mail.  I am rather frustrated.

I absolutely love my new phone! Beautiful and easy to use. Good camera. Voice commands make messaging and calling a breeze.

This is an awesome cellphone! I really loved it! It's cheap, fast, and cute! I would completely recommend this to a friend!

It is a very good phone and works very well. I recommend it for all. No problems found yet at it.

Nokia 520 is good, Amazon is better! I wish all the best for them. Things look good till now for Nokia 520.

I've had the phone now for over a month. The only remaining issue seems to be something happening with syncing the calendar on this Windows phone to the Hotmail calendar on the internet, and it may very well be a problem at the Hotmail end. Both the phone and computer know what time zone I'm in, but the time for an appointment is two hours off from one device to the other.Sadly, the very reason I bought a Windows phone was to be able to set up appointments with my husband's many medical providers while talking on the phone. That part of it SEEMS to work fine, but since my phone and computer tell me the appointment is at different times, I'm required to remember all the time which device I was using WHEN I set up the appointment so we can get there at the right time. I'm working on this with Microsoft, but it isn't completely resolved yet.

I bought the phone for $60 a few month ago to replace my iPhone 4S. I love it. Address & calendar are automatically synced with my laptop. OneNote, Office, OfficeLens, offline Nokia maps, ... are all great.I dropped it a few times, including dropping on driveway. No problem. To be fair, my iPhone survived numerous drops too, although at 10 times the cost.Note that at $60 the phone is locked to AT&T.; I was able to get AT&T; to unlock because I have been a customer for 10 years.

Phone came unlocked as advertised and I'm in love with it.  The fact that I travel a lot and do a lot of sim card dumping while traveling, this is the best phone I've ever had, as it makes it easy to view my emails while on the go.  The system is very responsive and does not hang like android systems.  I ordered this and had this shipped overseas, and to my surprise the package arrived rather quicker than expected.

Excellent product quality and delivery speed quickly, make me believe that I am to you is very wise choice. We hope that future cooperation will be more beautiful.

I purchased this phone to use with StrightTalk, using an AT&T; SIM. The device works wonderfully with one crippling exception. I was unable to get anything greater than 2G/EDGE. I spoke with Nokia support and, based on the IMEI, they told me that &#34;your phone was not intended to ship in the USA market&#34;I have to return this phone and pick up a local, and locked, AT&T; phone of the same model if I want to utilize anything greater than 2G.

It is a good phone relative to the price. It does so far what had been promised. I would recommend it.

I'm very satisfied with the phone. The only drawback of windows phone is the fact that many apps that are free on &#34;google play store&#34; must be paid in this one, however there are some free good apps for this phone too.Very happy to have it.

I was excited for the phone because I love Windows 8 style but then the battery placement of the phone I got is loose so the phone turns off when it is shaken lightly or whenever I'm holding it in my hand. At first I thought the battery was a problem so I bought an extra battery but the problem was still the same. I had to improvised and put a little folded paper on the right side of the battery just to make it stay put. I've been using the phone for a month. No other problems. I give it 1 star for bad product.

I bought this phone for a recent trip to Europe.  The phone worked as advertised.  Once I landed I bought a Sim Card from a vending machine at the airport and I was up and running before I retrieved my bags from the baggage check.  It was tremendously helpful with its pre-loaded features, especially the GPS.  The touch screen and screen clarity was great.  The camera was surprisingly good in natural light, but there is no flash so don't plan on taking decent pictures in low light which I knew going into the purchase.  This phone is not factory unlocked, and is branded as an AT&T phone, but using an unlock code the sellers have made it unlocked.  This had no impact that I noticed on the functionality.  The battery life was excellent much better than my Samsung Galaxy S3 it made it through the day with heavy GPS use no problem.  It was a good purchase for my needs.

This is a real toy but due to the price/pros comparison it is quite ok. I bought it so that I have a phone to use before the Samsung S5 comes along next month.Prosit is cheap. You can buy one for $70.It has 4G, for that price that is good.The touchscreen works very well.The display screen is not bad.The sound is good but that just might be tmobile (i had sprint before which is NOT recommended as a) their reception is horrible and b) they have CDMA phones which you cannot take to another carrier, you are stuck with them). Update-the sound is good on Nokia (and it is not tmobile). Nokia has a good reputation in other Asian countries, the sound is quite good.ConsIt is a windows phone, so goodbye to anything else that you are used to. You cannot download any browser, so goodbye Chrome, Firefox, Opera or the like. You can only use IE and who wants to use that!For any search, you have to use Bing.There is no swipe for keyboard.The annoying tiles you see are there to stay. And worse, you have even more smaller annoying tiles inside them which keep flipping like mad-at first I thought I could upload my contacts pics to that, that would at least make it interesting. but no. No updating, those flipping tiles are there to stay (you can remove some of them but you cannot modify them)The camera is terrible.There are very LIMITED apps. Period.Settings-you cannot change the main screen with an image you like, the tiles are all you get. The lock screen image can be changed.The Phone function is really badly displayed. Your contacts are not easily detectable, you have to do some detective work, run arounds and then you land on a "People" screen. Seriously, that is such a run around just to get to your contacts.If this phone had the same or at least a similar UI to Samsung (just the Call aspect) it would be worth looking into. It is very easy to see why these Windows phone are lagging in the market. By restricting users to Microsoft products they have already lost the race in other departments, this is just another example of the same.If you just need something while you are waiting for the next thing, great. All in all, for this price you get a decent phone, too bad it isn't Androit because you do not get the apps and other goodies and also you do not get the Samsung highly user friendly UI.

This Nokia cell phone is my first smart phone and was recomanded to me by friends.My first days of operating it was reasonable easy.

Well, so far, I'm happy with my new Lumia 520.  just the battery get empty pretty fast when your are texting or messaging. Also I don't like that, I cannot save my contact list into the phone. I mean, I cannot save contacts into the sim or internal memory.  All the rest about this phone is pretty nice

( This riview was originally written in Spanish, but Amazon reyected it and I had to use an online translator, so please excuse 'my' English)I have a Lumia 920 (after having an iPhone). Based on that experience I bought 2 of these for my kids to use with Movistar Venezuela. As soon as I received them, I made the corresponding tests with my SIM. They worked perfectly: voice, text and data (both WiFi and 3G cellular). I installed the developer preview version of WP 8.1 system, and I had no problem. One thing I did not like is that the feature called &#34;Glance Screen&#34; that works great on the Lumia 920 is not available on the 520 (for hardware impairments, according to Nokia). Otherwise I am completely satisfied with this purchase.

It was perfect in perfect condition & unlocked. It is in fact a really nice phone at a very reasonable price.

I Don't like it as i take phone on my ear to hear call. its on-screen buttons start working.. sometimes call on hold, sometimes mute, sometimes loudspeaker on during call. I really faded up with this product.

Bought this as a gift for my GF and so far the phone has not disappointed in the least. Had a bit of trouble getting it fully updated to the latest firmware but it's ok now. Read and watched articles and vids about this phone so as to know all I needed before I gave it to her. What people who read these comments and watch online is that first off this is a BUDGET phone and not a high-end smartphone but a low costing smartphone that doesn't have much internal storage as the apps are stored direct to the phone itself and it has a 5mp shooter that upon hearing such with no flash to boot there should be 0 issues with that.Stop paying under $200 for a smartphone, getting performance like you've spent $2000 and then question why it doesn't do this or do that? No front facing camera, no large internal storage but take those two away and you have the best budget smartphone avl today. I tested everything and they work perfectly, I was pleasantly surprised by that and I am looking forward to the next major update as for the $ spent on this and getting an update that allows the phone to work on par with those that costs 2/3X more you surely/simply cannot go wrong with this purchase.The App store is as it is small in comparison to others but if you want Apps just for the sake of telling your friends and family I have a phone that I can get every single app out there and they work but in reality only use 2 out of the hundreds of thousands then go ahead by my guest. Makes 0 sense dl an app and complaining about it knowing there are many similar apps that a simple uninstall and re-dl of another is a simplistic solution to your gripe.

So far the phone has serve me well and I intend to keep it for as long as I can, the phone is sensitive to touch at time that why I purchase one of the booklike cases for it so I am not going to part with it others saw it and wanted one I told them Amazon is the place where they can go and buy one

Just as described! New in the OEM packaging. Works great! Would recommend to anyone looking for a first time or replacement phone.

It's a great phone for those who want the basic without the bulk. Has GPS, text msg, mms, takes nice pics and etc

I ordered this phone last week and received it yesterday, I was so excited but an hour after I turned it on the screen starts freezing. I don't know what to do. I can't return it cause I live in guyana.

This phone rocks guys, i needed it just for a temporary phone before i buy an S4 and i also wanted to try windows phone OS, after using it i might keep it after all why go and buy a new phone when you got a fully functional one? :D

just got off a chat with amazon rep- who was really helpful by the way- am returning this item because it came with the wrong charger. as mentioned above the prongs for inserting in the outlet are the round euro ones and an adaptor was not included. did not even get the chance to use the phone so i can't really say if the phone is very dood or not.

I don't think we can get better mobile than this in this price.

I would like this phone better if the case I paid for had actually been delivered.

Great windows phone. arrived very quickly and in great condition. Love it, easy to use, easy to download apps and others. I recommend this phone to others.

Very good phone for the purpose intended. The price was just right and got to my doorstep in 2 days.. I was impressed...

unlocked but with AT&T logo on it

This phone is local to India but comes setup in English. It works fine with an AT&T or T-Mobile SIM card. It won't get 4G LTE speeds on those networks and may be limited to Edge, but it works fine and doesn't have to be unlocked to switch carriers. The phone itself is great and a nice value. Camera has no flash and memory is 512 MB so there are a few apps that won't work with it, but over 99% of them will work just fine. I read online that less than 1% of apps require devices with more than 512 MB RAM, so you should be good unless you need a faster, high end phone with a flash and more memory, in that case you might consider a Lumia 925, 928, 920, or 1020 (or some other model that has since come out after I posted this review).

I bought this phone for my uncle in Africa only to find out that the the battery is bad. I was wondering why that was put in a new a phone. I was so disappointed

Ahead of time in shipping and delivery.  Good product even though it has an AT&T logo at the start screen as long as it is unlocked version, I am okay with it.  I am happy that I can give my wife a great gift replacing her old Windows phone 7.5.

The Lumia 520 is a nice phone for the price, if you're looking to explore Windows Phone 8 without spending a lot of money. Battery life is acceptable. I easily get a day's use out of a charge. The OS is snappy and stable on this phone. The 8GB on the phone will get used up pretty quickly, so invest in a micro SD card. Unfortunately, this phone will not allow apps to be installed on an SD card. So you'll have to use the card for media  like music and photos and videos. Nokia cut a few corners to make this model affordable. There is no front facing camera, nor a compass, and the camera doesn't have the highest resolution or the best controls, but overall, the Lumia 520 is a good quality phone for those looking to check WP8 on a budget.

I purchased this for my wife in festive season, its totally bang for bucks. Nokia and Microsoft windows quality speaks. Excellent hardware and build quality. UI is refreshing. I love it.

Only had it for a couple of days so I can't say much, but it's awesome. GREAT price for windows 8 phone. Live tile is so much fun, will probably take some getting use to, but I love it so far!

It is cheap but the function is very good, if you are not focus on playing apps, it is a good production for you. For me, it feed me reading ebook, taking photos, chatting online very well.

It is a Nokia Lumia 520 however it is not a factory unlocked like you might think it is at&t go phone. Bought it to work on straight talk witch it does but I can't send or receive picture messages.

I like this Windows Phone which has latest OS and comes in reasonable price, that too unlocked. I like it very much

The phone is nice, but there was not any instructional books in the box just the phone and charger, would like to have had one.

I have never seen a good phone like thisIt is a good phone. It helps me in my school, it's like tablets because of it futures.

If you want to upgrade to a smart phone without doing any funky contract things, this phone is awesome.  I do not regret anything, considering all the technology packed into this thing, it is a total monster.  If anything does start acting up (I had some volume control issues) just restart and good as new.

Nice features. Delivered as per my expectations.No front camera but apart from that worth the money spent for it.

FRAUDS!! FRAUDS! FRAUDS!! They mailed me a phone IN CHINESE! I only speak English! They were 0% understanding about it. And customer service is terrible. When I would email, they talk at least 3 days to respond, which is not good for an angry customer. That's 3 days x every response, which was A LOT. I got so fed up with them I had to give the case to Amazon, some actual professionals. But Amazon can only do so much because I still had to go by this terrible terrible company's policies because I already opened the phone which was a $40.00 fee! Of course I had to open the phone to discover it was IN CHINESE!!??? THEY ARE TOTAL FRAUDS!

I have a Lumia 920. Got this one for my daughter, and after that to my nephew and his friend. We love that phone!!! It's light and have everything a smart phone should have. The touchscreen is very sensitive, the camera is great, and Nokia has really cool apps (in addition to all the regular ones). VERY easy to use for an unbeatable price.

I read others  reviews that said their Nokia 520 came locked. Don't be an optimist like I was and hope yours comes unlocked like so many others have. Mine came LOCKED. My local cell phone provider attempted to install their SIM so I could use their pay as you go no contract plan but told me it was LOCKED. I personally would not trust this dealer to provide what they claim. They seem very hit or miss on being able to provide unlocked 520's. As usual, Amazon is very good about returns.

Good purchase for this price. It may not be the best phone around, but works fine for basic usage: browse internet over Wi-Fi, and there are some good apps there too.

great phone

i like it because this is the phone that i want eversince, i love nokia, the price is good to the budget if you want a smart phone. windows is complicated though but it is easy to learn for the one who can easily get use to a smart phone. i didnt know that it was micro sim card, but good thing, there is a video on youtube that you can cut the old sim to a micro sim card and it works. i love the camera, battery is good you just need to  put it on a battery saving mode for the life of the battery last. well packaged, it arrived a before the day that i expected. overall,, love it..i guess its formerly at&t phone but because it is unlocked it works on my philippine roaming sim card. overall i love it...

I like the Windows 8 feature on this phone. I can see if I have messages, emails, calendar, as soon as I open the phone. My contacts are pinned to the homepage with photos which makes calling or texting someone very easy. The HERE map feature is great (one of the reasons I bought this phone). Using wifi you download a map of a state, then when you are driving you set your destination and the GPS is used offline to direct you where to go. (You don't use minutes.) I did not buy this phone for playing games or music but this phone will do those, also. I got the unlocked version because I use Consumer Cellular as my service provider. (No contract, no activation fee, and cheap rates.) They gave me a free sim card and I just synced my information from my old phone, very easy.

I usually try to write positive reviews, but everything about this phone sucks. The only thing that is cool is the layout of the main page. The back falls off and battery falls out when you drop it. Every common app is awful. I swear Microsoft people didn't even look what other companies did with their programs.

waoh,great phone,great value,on time delivery.infact it is fun to have this phone.it is smart ready to do all for you at a go.good job to Nokia

This phone i like it because is fast and complete

YES Nokia is not down and out.They ate back with a bang in the US after joining hands with Microsoft.A start of the art smartphone which not only has some android apparently but plenty of Microsoft's own.The camera is way superior to any phone in the market.A fast processor great connectivity and super Wi-Fi connevtionA highly recommended phone

Great Phone for the price and very good battery life. The built in downloadable maps have become very useful for me.

I opted for Consumer Cellular over U.S. Cellular for 2 phone lines ($30.00 vs $172 per month).  U.S. Cellular refused to unlock my Samsung so I needed to buy a new unlocked phone. I settled for the best quality but least expensive smart phone available, the Lumia 520.  Now into 2 weeks of ownership, I like my Nokia better than the Samsung.  I think it's the combination of the Windows 8 operating system and Nokia's quality.  The phone seems more intuitive than the Samsung, at least for an older person like myself. Also, Nokia provides fantastic tutorials on line. Buy it; you'll like it.

Does not work properly on 4G, Drops calls and signal, supports 3G, slow

Phone always hangs and its slow. When I open apps like viber or whatsup it takes for ever to open. Lots of times selecting on screen is not responsive

I like the Windows OS. Used Windows 7 on my Fusion. Switched to an Android and purched this an an extra phone. Seitch back and forth now.

Amazing value for money!Excellent device with fantastic UI.There are a few faults but the latest Amber update should take care of most of them.

amazing device, very easy to use.. good price good quality.. i recomend this item for sure! nothing bad to say about it

really like this phone. And I'm very much liking the Windows Phone OS. I've used Android for years, but this is just so clean and solid. Lots of the apps I was using on Android are available on WinPhone OS now, and the Nokia apps like maps and Driving aid are excellent (like you can download maps by state or country to have offline -- makes the data streaming much lighter). Also some new apps just showed up (like Microsoft solitaire) that completed stuff I was looking for. Nokia also has upgraded their suit of apps, and the new camera beta is really powerful. Hard to believe you get all this for such a good price. Did I mention the replaceable battery, or the microSD card slot for storing pictures, videos, and music? Even has an FM radio built in -- not an Internet one (which it can do too), but a real radio, which is just cool. Also saves on data streaming if there's a radio nearby you like to listen to. (BTW, I got an unlocked one because I don't use ATT and I travel to Asia a lot. It was just as advertised. I believe it came from Malaysia as the system languages out-of-the-box were English, Chinese, and Malay. But it is easy to add other system languages to this WinPhone. I did it.

The packaging is not so good and it does not come with a headphone. But the phone is at & t unlocked and can be used in other countries.

Me ha funcionado excelente en Vzla me agarra hasta 4g con movistar, el vendedor 100% recomendable y muy amable y disponible a resolver cualquier inconveniente

I read a lot of reviews about this item stating that some people received it as locked, but I took the risk since I trust amazon for their on time delivery and genuine items. I received the item and the very first thing I checked out was whether phone is unlocked or not. I tried 2 times but it said SIM card is invalid, this made me angry for a moment but I found out that SIM wasn't inserted in right direction and finally it worked as expected. Phone is nice and easy to setup.I used Free Amazon Prime trial for shipping and it was supposed to reach me next day but it was delayed for another day. I brought the issue to chat agent, they took the responsibility for item delay and in rebate gave me 1 month extension for trial, yay !! Again Amazon maintained its customer satisfaction by their excellent support services.

We love these phones, so easy to use, lots of fun things to do with it too. Not that tech savy so I do not know in full what all the apps really do, but there is office documents, picture creative studio and lots of other apps that are easy to find and get. So much more. They are just very easy to use, settings easy to understand and set. Battery life is great!!! Really like this phone!!

Was a gift for my wife and she likes  too much.

The design is okay but the construction material is kind of too plastic. Just asked the seller before you buy if it's factory unlocked or not. I got mine AT&T unlocked.

Unlocked, and come in time!

I know that bands like to know if it works support companies that provide telephone service lines in Venezuela

I received my phone in record time .this device is great I just popped in my SIM and I was ready to go it has lived up to all my expectations. Great buy

This phone keeps on crashing and I can't return it I'm no longer in the states but I'm no pleased

I got an unlocked Nokia 520 for $150 from Hasslefree Cell via Amazon.  It arrived quickly and in perfect condition.  I've bought a few apps from the MS App Store and have learned some things that may help others now, so I'll discuss them briefly.I wanted a basic phone with media player capabilities, at low cost.  I have all "connectedness" turned off and can't comment on the Facebook etc apps, nor on the maps and GPS.  I installed a 32GB SD card because I wasn't sure how well it all would work.  Now I wish I'd gotten 64GB.  I have WiFi 'on' only when I'm downloading apps, which works well.I bought YXPlayer for $5, ignoring the negative comments in the MS App Store.  Sadly, it has no support (forum dead for months) and there seems to be no alternative.  BUT reading from the SD, this app smoothly plays all FLVs, AVIs and MKVs I've tried, including 720p and 1080p using x264 encoding.  YXPlayer also handles my FLAC lossless music files, and MP3s.  So I believe it will handle all the formats the vendor claims.  Note that MP3s must be renamed to .RM to play from the SD card.  You might also have to rename MP4s.  All these files can be in subfolders on the SD.  I was worried that the 4" screen would be too small to enjoy films, but it's just big enough.  This is great: personal theater in the palm of your hand.  My only complaints with YXPlayer are that the dragbar (to move within a film or long audio file) is flaky; and the app will not advance to the next track (music or video) under any conditions.  So you must manually start each song.  That's pretty bad, and unlikely to be fixed at this point.Of course the 520's bundled music player will play MP3s directly, but still without a dragbar, and space on the phone is limited.  If you use that app you'll want to properly tag the files (Artist, Album, Track Name) so the player can sort them out.I bought Fiction Book Reader for $1.  This reads .MOBI and .EPUB books just fine.  To use it, first put the book files on the root (not in a subfolder) of the SD card.  Then use the down-arrow button within FBR to import the file into FBR's workspace in the phone's memory.Most reviews of the 520 oddly omit the MS Office (Word, Excel, and Powerpoint) tools that come with the phone!  With these you can view existing documents and make detail changes eg to cell values.  I find this amazing on such a tiny device.  HOWEVER, in true Microsoft fashion, access to these powerful apps is crippled.  You cannot open documents you've loaded via USB or the SD card!  You can only open files from email or from SkyDrive.  Still, the capability is there and very impressive.I have screen brightness turned all the way up, which seemed essential for movies but would not otherwise be needed.  Battery life under these conditions is probably about 4 hrs of video, but I'm only guessing.Overall the Nokia 520 represents amazing value; probably unbeatable if your needs are as limited as mine.  Consider that an unlocked Nokia 1520 is five times the price!  That has a better quality, 6" screen, a better toy camera, and twice the raw performance - but performance isn't an issue with the 520; everything responds quickly and smoothly.  The main limitations are inherent with Windows Phone 8, not the 520.  I love it so far.

On the amazon page for this phone it says the phone is &#34;UNLOCKED&#34; BUT THE PHONE THAT I RECEIVED WAS NOT UNLOCKED IT WAS A LOCKED PHONE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Since I have been using other windows phones this shows to be reliable and simple to use.Of course because the price it is not full featured like no flash and small memory.But a good deal based on price.

this is my first smart phone. It was a good price but the battery life is very poor, it hardly lasts 24 hours without using it and having wi fie and blue tooth turned off. I kind of wished I had bought a more expensive phone. I am ordering another battery to see if that will help.

I took the risk of buying one, great phone, fast, cute and reliable, however I could not get it to work on 3G as it was an RM-915 model and I needed an RM-914. Be careful and check before buying you network requirements so you buy the right phone. Otherwise this phone at this price is a KILLING

The phone is great but the phone is not unlocked so i couldn't install it. Why does it say that is unlocked when it is not?

As I have Windows 8 on my PC i find this phone really easy to use.  Also share my contacts with the phone & PC.Unfortunately only has a rear camera.Also sometimes the lock screen is difficult to slide open.I would recommend this phone to anyone looking for an unlocked windows 8 phone.

The first time I got it I immediately returned it because it was not unlocked. But the seller has a code to unlock it so it worked out well in the end. No problems with the phone about a week in. If you like the windows market, you'll like this phone. Although its somewhat basic, lacking higher end features like a front-facing camera, back camera of lower quality, if that isn't a problem then I would highly recommend this phone. Its very solid and feels good in the hand. Look into investing for a phone case because the front is flat (if you place your phone upside down then the entire screen will be in contact with the table) and can be a little slick at times.

I bought this phone to replace my malfunctioning Refurbished T-Mobile myTouch (Android) cell phone.  It began experiencing some processor issues two days after I received it.  So, I sent it back.  Yet, I received prompt customer service for the unit.  And yes, I would buy from this Seller again...

perfect ;)

this phone is the worst of the Nokia i have ever used, it gets rebooted on its own. the touch takes foreever to respond and camera looks like a VGA one.Amazon and the seller are nice, took back the return and refunded my money.

the size,weight,and features are perfect for my needs,and certainly the price is right. unfortunately it malfunctions and will be replaced at a later date

I bought this phone cause I wanted to try windows phone 8 after using it for 2 months I'm loving it. The OS is smooth like butter plus it's very easy to use. You will barely miss any apps on Windows Phone as most popular apps are already in the store. Great! I recommend it.

This phone came as promised - it was in new packaging, it was unlocked, and it was under $100. I bought it for a European trip and ordered an international SIM card (along with a micro SD card), popped them in the phone, and - voila - it was possible to call and text back to the US. The camera feature is easy to use and the pictures themselves aren't too bad. Finally, I wanted a Windows 8 phone and am glad that I got it - I'm familiar with this operating system and I really like the way it works on this phone. I've read that there's a lack of apps (such as games) so that might be a consideration for some, but it's not a problem for me. All in all, I love this phone and it came in handy while in Europe.

Maybe it was my expectation that led me to assume that this phone would have at least certain features as a calculator and a voice recorder. I was sadden when I discovered belateldly that it didn't. There are other apps that are missing that I'm finding out like a timer, basic things that my andriod phone had that I traded in for this one, which actually cost about half the price. I can't say that I'm a happy camper here with this phone. Yet the phone it other respects works well.

correct transaction. The device is indeed unlocked. You just notice it is by orginin an AT&T device; The logo appears when powering on the device, but afterwards, no issue anymore

I returned this Cell Phone because it did not work. I asked to have the phone replaced with one that worked.

This phone is one of the best budget phones. It runs its applications smoothly and has all the features you need like bluetooth and WiFi. I recommend this phone to anyone who needs an unlocked phone without all the frills.

-HORRIBLE costumer service-Never even got my phone.I waited over a month, I tried to contact the seller twice but they never replied.This was supposed to be a birthday gift for my brother but they ruined it so thanks for that.Just save your time, money and nerves and buy something else from somewhere else.

The Nokia Lumia 520 is the best phone in this price range. It comes with separate wall charger, usb cable and earphones. Unlike the most of android phones in that price range this phone has much better options. First i'll start with the battery time it lasts about 12-13 hours talk time or 300 hrs stand-by. Then the camera has nice touch-to-focus option but some of the photos have noise, the video quality is very nice and has also auto-focus option. The display is crystal-clear and is big enough (4.0 Inches). Also one more good option are HERE MAPS that come with free downloadable maps and navigation voice for the entire planet. Also one more good thing about his phone are the upcoming windows 8.1 and lumia cyan update which will bring additional options like Cortana (similar to ask Siri) and the swipe keyboard.The only con of this phone is the RAM Memory (512 MB) which isn't enough for some apps. But anyway if you are looking for good phone that has many options and is cheap this is that phone.If you have some questions about it please comment i will try to answer ASAP :)

I have had many different phones over the past few years and I must say that to my surprise I like this phone the best. For those of you that use straight talk and wonder if you can use it, the answer is yes, however you have to get the micros SIM card in order to use it. The phone works great, I have never been one for windows 8 for the PC but its great for a phone. The phone is smooth, however note that google accounts do not sync and if you export you contacts from and Android you can't import it to the Windows phone (or at least I haven't figure out how) so you will have to figure out a new way to transfer your contacts. Over all great phone, great deal.

I've had this phone for about two weeks now and I have no regrets whatsoever. The features are excellent and everything is accessible right at my fingertips. It's fast with just a touchS

Its an amazing phone I have a week using it and I'm enjoying a lot! The only thing is... There is no headphones in the box! But beside that little issue the phone is awesome!

Wish I had read all reviews before buying. The seller doesn't deliver what they promise. I ordered an unlocked Lumia 520 in a original package and this is what I got:- A AT&T; branded Lumia 520 phone, not a factory unlocked phone as promised.- A faked &#34;User Guide&#34; with a poorly description of a Lumia 920 not a Lumia 520.- A phone that didn't start after charging it for more then 3 hours.

perfecto

If you are a windows 8 or 8.1 user you don't have to learn how to use the nokia lumia 520 windows phone. It has a great feel to it and a better camera then my other phone. Great sound and visuals when playing, It can handle small games and listening to music and gaming good. The radio feature great, the package is ok not dents in the boxes or weird smells coming from it. The contents of the items where safe place in it  shipping box. Bing on this phone is much better than my android phone with bing. The windows handle productivity well and web browsing well. The apps are great if you can match then to your lifestyles. Good strong speakers and great camera, Buttons alright. The back case feels a little too easy to put on though. Battery life amazing. End.

I love it. .  Much better  than my last Samsung.  Get a great phone for little money. It connects very quickly to Internnet

definitely worth it compared to this phone. I recommend it because it is cheap and has everything a nokia can offer

It arrived in perfect conditions, I used a SIM on it and worked perfectly. Good quality product, great screen size and performance. The only issue is that Android has a way better marketplace than Windows, but is has nothing to do with Nokia. You can get the latest Win 8 amber version loaded on this phone.

slow to arrive but good phone therefore deserve three stars Thanks for your attention  until the next purchase we are

I got this for my teen daughter.  She loves the phone!  Windows OS works flawlessly.  Much better OS than any Android out there!  The phone is built well, and battery installation etc was a snap!  Now my wife wants one!

This phone is full interactive is amazing

They arrived in good shape. But just a warning, the text on the screen for messages is blue on a clack background and it is hard to see. There is probably a way to change this but for the uninitiated, this is a detraction from a good product.

Just what i want

I bought this SAME phone at my local Cellular One for $202.00...I wanted my husband to have a nice one too. So, I bought one here for HALF the price SAME phone..Everything works as suggested in statement. It is a GSM phone or you can use AT&T..I put his little SIM card in and it flipped in to GSM MODE..it WORKS! Great price, great phone, no problems! Thanks! I would have to admit I was VERY skeptical in purchasing a cell phone online.  YES, I would recommend this product. Everything seemed to be on the 'up &up'! YAAY! :D

works 3g in 900 mhz band? i wont it to digitel tim gsm venezuela and thats the 3g band thanks

Excellent phone and nice features. Would highly recommend. I bet the price of this phone will be going up very soon

My wife purchased this based on her limited knowledge of smart phones and the attractive price.  Configuration for the most part is intuitive...for those familiar with Windows Mobile OS.  Fortunately, a few Google searches later I was able to help my wife set it up to meet her needs.  Most of her frustration came from poor customer service from the carrier.  Word to the wise, you get what you pay for.  The phone performs as advertised.  Arrived in pristine condition.  If you need a cheap smartphone, I would recommend purchasing the Nokia Lumia 520.  If you have a larger budget, get one of the newer models.

The phone is great; easy to use and configure.  Love the replaceable battery and micro SD storage. Sound quality and clarity are very good.  Internet cellular access has been very fast.  Typically about 4,000 kpbs down and up.Bluetooth works easily and well.  Nokia Maps are great and I've been able to load the apps I used a lot on former iPhone and Android devices.  Waze runs great for example.  I like this phone better than the iPhones and Androids I've had.

item is working because it is not charging with the wall charger or the USB via computeralso it seems not to be factory unlocked because of the sign of the at&t; on the back side

fine

It said it was unlocked for all netwoks. T T-Mobile was da only network i could hook it up on

great, thanks a lot, I really liked the phone, works really really well,  thanks again, Love Nokia, great phone indeed

I didn't have very high expectations from this phone but it surprised me with its ease of use, great interface and very good touch screen response. Its fast enough, no lag between touch and response, quick scroll through feature - Its a good product for the price.

I don't know why , but it turn off by their own. I don't know if it is a battery problem

i buy 2 of this for my sisters, came just in time, it was quick i will tell you, and this is a nice for anyone looking for a cheap smartphone, i will definetely recommend this.

This is a great phone, works great, easy to see, does everything and more that I wanted it for!  Can't go wrong with this phone.

It is a very good phone and works very well. I recommend it for all. No problems found yet at it.

I'm surprised by the phone's battery life. I've owned several Android phones, mostly Samsung, but the Nokia's battery life is above par in comparison. Even when comparing it to the Nokia 920, which I also owned, the battery seems much better. Lasts at least a day and a half, full of calls and texts.I like the size better than the 920, or one of those huge Samsung phones. It fits easy in the pocket.It has a nice 'rubbery' backing, nice for gripping and feels good in the hand overall.I'd highly recommend, and I would definitely buy another.

didn't like it

It did not work... it shut down and I had to buy a new phone. I love the window phone... but I was ripped off on this deal. Verizon took the phone in order for me to get in the edge program so now I have lost over one hundred dollars.

Like this cell but cant get media att said it was because it was a unlocked cell and not an orig att so I cant get media.

The phone has a nice grip, is snappy, photos are decent. Only reason for 3 stars instead of 4/5 is I really wish the camera had a flash built in, and that's becoming a severe disappointment.

it&#699;s not unlocked at first. but they given me the code. anyways lumia520 is good. not that awesome but good good
