
This is a great phone. Easy to use. It seems too light and fragile but I gave it the ultimate test. I was driving for about 30 minutes on bumpy I95 in a triaxel dump truck before I realized I was sitting on my phone. I thought OMG its going to be destroyed. It was perfect. Im 185lbs and cant believe the screen didnt even crack

Great phone. I chose this phone over the iPhone 5s. I believe I made a good decision. This phone is fast, smooth, and beautiful. The screen is simply amazing and it has a lot of neat little features that I like such as the air gestures. Overall I am happy with the purchase. Although there is one thing that I do not like about the phone. It is that the back cover feels flimsy when you remove it.

Best phone ever. My wife doesn't use the computer and is scared of it. I got the S4 for her because it is like a small computer. She is learning to get around in it now.  She is not scare of my samson galaxy tab now, and will be on my computer soon.Great Product Love it Love it Loveit.Skip Kempf

I am an avid user of Android and have tried most of the manufacturers of the major phones.  This is my first Samsung phone however.  I am impressed with the phone overall, it is incredibly light with most of the weight being the battery.  It is fast and smooth, the screen is clear and bright.  Touchwiz (Samsung's android skin) is a bit annoying, but overall its just fine. The camera takes great pictures, and the different modes for panoramas and multishots are pretty handy.  The battery lasts about as long the extended battery I had on my Motorola Razr. My biggest complaint is the back of the phone.  It is a very thin plastic with an incredibly smooth surface.  It feels very fragile, and the smoothness makes it difficult to hold.  It feels a lot better with a cover or skin on the phone.

I really love this phone.  The screen is large and i like how it feels in my hand.  Graphics are great - have had no issues with this phone.

I Absolutely Love This Phone! It Looks Great, Works Perfectly, And Was Such A Great Price. I Will Definitely order From Them Again And Will Recommend To Everyone.

I've had the Galaxy S4 for 2 days and switched from an iPhone 4 that I'd had for 2 years.  It was a difficult transition from an iPhone to an android based phone because I was not used to having so many choices about customization.  This is a good thing though and one of the reasons I decided not to get another iPhone.The good:- The S4 is very fast.  I think it's amazing to be able to use 2 apps at the same time on the same screen.  My iPhone 4 was slowing down and could barely handle the Facebook app.- Visually appealing.  There's a lot of eye candy here however, if that's not your thing, you could easily tone it down.-  Size.  You'll find this in both the good and bad category.  The size does make it easier to complete work on the phone and see web pages that aren't optimized for mobile use.-  Great camera.  The camera really does a great job and comes with lots of helpful editing tools.  It can even take front and back photos at the same time.-  Battery life is impressive for such a large phone with a lot of activity on the screen.-  Bells and whistles.  This will also be on both lists.  The phone has tons of little, interesting things it can do, however it feels a lot like you're in beta testing mode.  Some of them are pretty buggy.  However, nothing that most people would actually rely on is buggy so the phone still functions really solidly.-  Easy mode feature.  There is a setting you can turn on that will make the phone easier for a new smart phone user or someone not very tech savvy to use.  I haven't tried it, but I think it's nice that it is there.-  The biggest for me is freedom.  I felt bossed around by my iPhone.  It annoyed me that there were things it just wouldn't let me do and apps that I couldn't uninstall.  The iPhone worked great and honestly is a much better overall device, but after 2 years of being annoyed by iTunes and being told what to do by Apple, I had enough.  This phone does come with a bunch of pre-installed apps but you can deactivate them.  This phone does require you to have a gmail account which didn't thrill me but it isn't too restrictive.The bad:-  I would prefer to use this without a case because of how big it already is but I am very sure I would break it quickly.  It's great that the phone is super light, given its impressive size, but a few extra ounces wouldn't hurt.  It feels a little flimsy without a case but maybe it's stronger than I think.  I'm not that interested in finding out though so I'll leave the case on at least for awhile.-  So that leads us into size again.  Unless you have large hands, this is going to be a little too big for most women.  Men would have an easier time.  I am getting used to it and it will be fine but I do miss the smaller iPhone that fit in my hand like a glove and that I could operate one handed very easily.  It is difficult for me to do anything 1 handed with this phone. I have heard there is a smaller version coming out but it is not as powerful.-  Bells and whistles.  The phone promises a lot of very interesting advanced features and some of them work great.  Some of them have never worked for me.  It's only been 2 days so maybe it is operator error but I kind of think it isn't.  A good example is the feature that allows you to wave your hand over the phone to answer in speaker mode.  This has never worked for me once.  I also haven't ever needed it so I guess it's fine that it doesn't work but I will keep trying.-  Google.  You have to have a gmail account to use the phone.  It doesn't need to be your primary e-mail account but it has to be on there.  Google features heavily on the phone.  Gmail isn't my primary e-mail account but I did already have one so I registered it.  This would have been fine but the gmail account was old and it transferred a ton of old contacts and pictures from an ancient Picassa account into the phone.  I did get the contacts out but even after deleting all the pics from Picassa, it was still somehow sending them to my phone.  I ended up just making a new gmail address.-  I do miss having the e-mail preview show up on the lock screen so I can get a quick glance without having to unlock the phone.  You can put a widget on the screen that will preview your e-mail account and that works fine for me, but I miss the iPhone style notifications.I think I do have more bad items than good but the bad items are mostly just little things and the good items are very important such as the speed and freedom to customize.  If I had to choose the biggest negative, it would be the size.  I'll get used to it though.  The iPhone actually felt really large at first as well.I am most curious as to how this is going to be functioning in a year or even 2.

Seriously, this phone has the most amazing screen I've ever seen. Its very fast, even with the typical android non smoothness. It does tons of non useful gimmicky things that we all know about by Now. The greatest part about the phone is also one of the hardest things to adapt to, the huge screen. Its very hard to reach the opposite corner. I'm actually a fan of the plastic,  aluminum is cool looking but scratches if you look at it crooked. At the end of the day this phone is sweet and I would give it five stars if only I didn't miss my iPhone 5 so damn much. The screen is small and the os is old, but the little things... I'm not going to go into detail about them all, bit the smoothness, the one handed use, all the little things add up and I miss my iPhone badly.

i'll keep this short and to the point.  just reverted back to android from the iphone s4 (previously droid incredible).  I thought i would miss the iphone and all the reliability that apple is known for.  I must say I do not miss the iphone at all.  this phone has amazing features, user friendly and a vibrant screen not to mention amazing battery life.  significantly bigger than the iphone 4s but 5 inch screens seem to be becoming the new standard. 5 stars.

Love the phone, was a huge step up from my old Droid X2. I order this one instead of the S5, because the S5 isn't that much of a step up for the price. The screen sizes, is really helpful when using your keyboard. I find i have less typos. Phone is fast, menus come up quickly, Camera takes amazing pictures.Cons:I order this phone last week for $30, and now its $0.01. Its not a huge different but I could of got a 32gb sd car or case for that.Also I live in a rural area that has 4g, and the connection is 30MB+. This just eats your data, even though i'm using the phone the same way I have been for years.

Go for it, excellent device, very smooth touch and GUI and has everything to offer for high end game lovers

*4/28/14*Still loving my S4. I didn't upgrade early since the S5 is not significantly different than the S4. I will wait for the S6. I'm debating whether I will join Verizon Edge. Did anyone join it? What are your thoughts?The battery still is pretty good. I've had no lockups or issues with my phone except when I dropped it one too many times and cracked it. Luckily I had the Geek Squad full warranty ($9.98 per month) since I bought my phone from Best Buy and they replaced it at no charge. I'm allowed unlimited replacements which is fantastic. I tried to get a S5 as my replacement but they didn't succumb to my personal charm and cuteness :)Verizon Wireless released Android 4.4.2 Kit Kat yesterday. You can now move all your apps to your SD card.*10/14/13 Still loving my Galaxy S4. My wife wanted to stay with Apple so I got her the 5S. Eh, S4 is better in my opinion :) Still not looking back. Sorry Apple, sorry iPhoners :)*Mirroring the Pepsi/Coke 80's commercial, my daughter looked at the 5S and my phone; played with her app on both phones, then put my wife's phone down and continued with my phone. Since then, she has eyes for my phone only.**October News*Verizon updated Android to 4.3I've had an iPhone since 2009. When I watched the Apple conference to see the iPhone 5, I really wasn't impressed. a few years ago when I picked up my 4S and after the return date, I saw the GS3. I was very impressed with it however, I was hesitant with Android since my wife had a Droid Incredible 2 which died a little after a year when she got it. Talking with some people who have the GS3, they said that they loved it, it's easy to use, and Android has gotten better over the course of time. At that time, the Android market in my opinion seemed like a disaster. Apple did a nice job streamlining everything (app market, itunes etc). Every so often when I had to go to the Verizon store, I would be attracted to the GS3 floor model. Since my upgrade date was coming soon, I thought that it's time for Apple and I to go our separate ways, be just friends. "We were on a break!!!"So to cut this short before I get hate mail for typing a long a$$ boring review; here goes:I've been with Verizon Wireless since 2005. I also have Verizon FIOS (TV, Phone, Internet). Having FIOS is great since I don't use any minutes when calling home or when my wife calls me 5 times in a day on some occasions. The record amount of phone calls is held by her, yepp you guessed it, her mom hehe :) tell my wife and I'll deny it!I was slightly hesitant to switching to a GS4 as I've read some reviews from Apple owners and claimed that the phone felt weird and they dropped the phone several times. "It's slippery," is what I heard. Well, I can say that's certainly not the case when I picked it up. Actually, it feels quite nice. People complain about the plastic (poly-carbonate casing) being a finger magnet but that's why they make cases for phones. Also, what phone has a anti-fingerprint casing? Eh, I don't care. The white casing really doesn't show many fingerprints and I have a silicon casing around it so, problem solved! The funny thing is that the casing I have on it, doesn't even have fingerprints on it, so there you go!The screen is a thing of beauty! I know the iPhone 4S is older but the 5" AMOLED screen is gorgeous. I love the edge to edge screen. It seems the lock screen was changed. I remember the GS3 had what looked like a pond and if you tapped it to unlock your phone, it would show ripples. Sadly, it's not on the GS4. If anyone knows if it is available, please chime in.I'm really really shocked at how light and thin this phone is. I would have thought that if I put this phone in my back jeans pocket, it would pull my pants down which would cause a national emergency. Nope! Contrary to popular belief, this phone is still small enough to fit in all jeans pockets and I didn't have a wardrobe malfunction. Those of you that were thinking and going to if if I did...PERV! ;-)The battery is pretty good. I usually wouldn't be able to last a little more than a half day with my 4S. I love the fact that the battery is replaceable as the back cover does come off. My iPhones always seem to have battery issues after a little over a year of use. Well, this time, I can just buy a new battery! YAY! Under the back cover, you can replace the battery and add storage since that's where the micro sd card slot is located as well. Right now I have a 32GB micro SD card installed in my phone. You can only place photos, videos, and music on the card. No apps which is a shame. *Note* my battery was almost dead so at 9:05, I plugged it into my desktop computer and as of 11:30pm it's saying Charging 69%. Wow that battery is huge. It took my iPhone a little over an hour to be fully charged!Many will probably call me dumb but I must say that this phone is FAST. Going to screen to screen, opening apps, camera, and the web browser (chrome comes preinstalled); most of the time, the phone is too fast for my fingers and brain. I literally have to move (and think) quicker just to be on the same page as my phone. It seems like it's laughing at me as I can't keep up with it. Kind of like a welcome to a Quad cored phone.Coming from iOS, yes, I have a lot to learn and many tout that Android is more customization, I must say that I feel free. I'm not knocking iOS. It's a great OS. I'm really loving 4.2.2 (Jelly Bean). &lt;----- As of 4/28/14, it's Kit Kat 4.4.2. The Play Store is easy to use and navigate. Funny though, there is a tab for APPS and a separate tab for Verizon in the Play Store. APPS can now go on the SD card.Many people knock the plastic cover on the back. I happen to not mind it; I actually prefer it. Any dents or cracks allow me to simply replace the back cover. The plastic back cover is not slippery at all. I held the HTC One which I have to admit; looks gorgeous but felt very slippery. Each to their own though.The power button is located on the right side of the phone. I thought I would have trouble realizing that, thinking I still have my iPhone. Nope. It does require a little more pressure when you press down on it to turn on/off the phone. I actually like that since if my finger hits the power button accidentally, it doesn't shut the phone off or put it to sleep. The home button is on the bottom and at first I thought it was the speaker (don't laugh, I never owned a Galaxy phone before this one). It's a return home button. To the left of it, if your hand touches that spot, will illuminate a menu on the screen, and to the right, is the back button.I've been with Verizon Wireless for 10 years and they are fantastic. I was able to use my upgrade from my other line which my wife uses.  I have to admit, their customer service reps are very nice and helpful. Just be careful on the FB-VW page; they are not very helpful and give out wrong info. Not all of them but most- so be warned. If you have a question about VW' feel free to ask. Verizon Wireless was charging $250 for this phone. To reach $199 you had to complete a mail-in-rebate form. I couldn't buy this phone on Amazon (wish I could of) since I had the upgrade using my other line. I bought it at BB and they automatically applied the mail-in-rebate which was fantastic. I even had a 5% rewards certificate which the accepted. They couldn't take my 4S since I didn't buy it their but Verizon Wireless gladly took it and gave me a gift card ($177). Not bad with some minor cracks.The speaker is on the back of the phone. I was listening to my music that I had on Amazon (Amazon App comes pre-loaded) and when I put the phone down to listen to it while I was in my "office," I couldn't hear anything and when I lifted the phone; there was my music. Eh, slight negative but I can live with it. The sound is not bad. Heck, I didn't buy this phone to play music all the time. It can be loud when at max volume. I had a better listening experience with the iPhone because simply; the iPhone and iPod are twins. I was kind of disappointed with how my music sounded but still doesn't hurt my experience with the S4.All in all, I love this phone. While, yes, it's not perfect since it can't tie my shoes; again, I'm loving it! I loved the iPhone but personally, it was getting kind of stale. This phone has opened me up to a whole new world. I'm new to Android but am looking forward to see how well it progressed and taking advantage of it, Samsung's TouchWiz, and the phone itself. Google Play is sooooo much better than what it was during Jelly Bean.By the way, on the back of the phone, there is a small Verizon emblem and on the lock screen it says "Verizon Wireless." If anyone cares lol. I like it. When people see it, they're like...oooooh Verizon Wireless :)One person asked me if that was the S4 in my hand and I said yes. He said, "nice to see that you're not drinking the Apple kool-aid." :)A co-worker saw my S4 and said, "you'll be back!"If you can, buy the wireless "Nokia DT-900 Wireless Charging Plate - Retail Packaging - Black charger" but remember you have to buy the wireless backplate cover for the S4. For those who traded in their phone to get the S4, make sure you tell Verizon to put it on a gift card. If you have one-bill pay (you have Verizon Wireless, FIOS TV and Internet) you CANNOT use this gift card to pay your ONE-BILL or VW bill. So what you can do is buy a SD card, the Nokia QI charger, and a backplate that supports wireless charging. I got $177 for my 4S and buying these extras still gives me $80 left on my gift card. Just an idea I'm throwing out. (No I don't own stock in Nokia, Verizon, or Samsung...or an employee of any of these)====================================================================================================================================================================================================Yes, I did look at the HTC One. The aluminum body is nice and the picture quality is nice but I'm not a fan of blink feed and you can't remove the battery or add a SD card (yes, Im well aware that the HTC One's size is 32GB and 64GB). The new HTC One does have removable storage.No, I DO NOT work for Samsung.No, Apple DID NOT try to buy me to be silentNO, I DO NOT work for GoogleNO, I AM NOT a troll (but I do like to feed them!!!!)===============================================================================Update on Battery Charging:My phone was fully charged a little past midnight. WOW!Turned on my phone at 12pm; we ran errands, we went to a party, I used Foursquare, facebook, email, and texting- as of 11:06pm my battery is at 89%. By this time with my iPhone 4S, I would be about an hour from needing a charge.I've had the phone for several months and I'm still loving it. With light usage I went 2 days without charging. With Slightly more usage, I got a little more than 1 1/2 days. Not bad.* Playing games heavily hits the battery about the same as the iPhone 4S but light playing allows me to have a good amount of charge still left for at least 30-36 hrs. Very light usage; the battery will last about 2-3 days (including just being idle).* Playing games for a few minutes and you'll notice that the back of the phone gets warm. It doesn't bother me as this phone is like a mini computer :)*Playing a game of Uno (the free APP) : For a few minutes, the battery will discharge a lot. If you are playing for 10minutes or more the battery will not last the night.

I love it.  Technically amazing and fun!  iPhone....never.  Who would have thought even 2 years ago a phone could do all this one does.

I have had my new samsung phone for a few months. It took me awhile to get used to it because itwas my first smartphone. one of the many features it has is it knows when you are looking for something and then offers suggestions how to find it so for me that app has been very helpful.I am very satisfied with this phone.

When I replace it in two years, I'm going to get an iPhone. Apple seems to have a monopoly on places to buy the best apps available.

I've had several different phones from different manufacturers. This is the best yet - far better than any Apple product I've used. Glad I made this choice. Enjoying it immensely!

It was everything I wanted, everything worked, and there were no unfortunate surprises. It came with a wall charger, too.

So I bit the bullet and went with the GS4, was hoping that the HTC One would show up to give it a try but sadly those prospects aren't looking good. I've been using the Razr HD and normally i would be fine with it but Motorola's software is just slower than the competition, it just felt like I was running on a much less spec'd phone. So I decided to bite the bullet and just upgrade to a GS4 after reading up on it a bunch. So lets get on with it and see what I thought.Design: This is where people give ALOT of hate. It's not the best but honestly as far as plastic phones go It's not bad. It does have a premium look to it, the plastic on the black one atleast has a nice kind of diamond etched looking design which looked good and hided fingerprints a bit. I would have preferred a more matte finish but its not the worst. Honestly the plastic is good for durability though, these phones you can drop and drop without making any scuffs or scratches. The design is more flat and less curved so even though it is thinner than the S3 at first glance it kind of eludes to be the other way around. Button placement is decent I wish the power button was a bit lower and that it has a camera button, also would be nice to have a micro hdmi out but they aren't deal breakers. The button layout is decent, I kind of wish they had a multitask button but it works well. The one suggestion I have for Samsung is they should have made an optical pad out of the home button (ala the OG Droid Inc) . I went through Verizon and held the DNA and the Lumia 928 and the GS4 just felt alot better in hand.Performance: Some of the reviews claimed slowdown and I'm happy to see that I haven't really seen any slowdown. The phone responds really well to touch and apps open swiftly, games run like a charm, nothing to complain here its much better than my Razr. I even have my CPU power save checked and i don't notice any slowdown.Software: More like software overload, this thing is packed. I've been using smartphones since before the Htc G1 (first android phone) and I'm well versed in everything android and this phone sort of overwhelmed me with features. Features like smart stay, smart pause, smart scroll, air gesture, palm motion, air view, smart motion. I would recommend googling them for full explanations. I use smart stay which stops the screen from turning off when it detects me looking at it,and airview which allows me to hover my finger over something to get info. The homescreen is well done, samsungs is pretty useful and speedy, I get quick settings in the dropdown menu and the stock messaging, calander, browser work well though the Nature theme is looking dated. I fell in love with multi window when I tried it though, running 2 apps side by side works seamlessly and quick. It is alot like the snap windows in windows 8.Sidenote: one annoyance on the Verizon version only is they have a constant, irremovable wifi notification that does a great job at being really annoying, this is a carry over from the same thing that everyone hated on the GS3 apparently verizon didn't care.Storage: 16gb is enough, in reality you only get like 10 for apps, I have like 50 apps installed and still have over half left though.Camera: The camera is great, like I said earlier I wish It had a physical button but eh no big deal. Lots of cool features, 1080p recording with the ability to snap photos during recording is great. There is a night mode, voice option, continuous shooting mode which are great. Photos don't snap extremely fast but they are quick enough and I can set my volume keys as a shutter button. One feature I love is you can take slow motion video at 1/2 1/4 and 1/8th speed and at a resolution of 800x450 which believe it or not isn't bad at all for slow motion video. Picture and video quality is decent enough for a camera phone nothing bad.Screen: looks brilliant, honestly at first look I can't really tell the advantage of 1080p screens on this tiny of a device but comparing with other another device it does look better. Samsung AMOLED's are always great, and have really true blacks.Signal: Signal seems decent, it was showing slightly lower than my razr a couple of times but most time i looked at them in different places they were the same, so it's not top of the class.Battery: I need to test this more to know. It looks like I will easily get daily usage. I have high hopes for the 2600 mah battery though I was extremely happy they went with a decently larger battery. UPDATE: So far today I've had it off the charger mostly at home for 11 1/2 hours, it is sitting at 64% with low-moderate usage 1 hr 22 min of screen time, decent bit of texting, ebay, facebook, app store, camera usage. So not bad at allConclusion: Bells and Whistles if you want them this has it. While Samsung hasn't done game changing on the looks department, the GS4 definitely took some engineering. Taking the old GS3 keeping almost identical dimensions (actually smaller) which giving a battery, screen size/quality, spec bump is really a great feat and shows how fast changing this field is.Not to mention all the crazy software additions on this they really put alot of work in. On Verizon now you can probably get the DNA decently cheaper however with the GS4 you get a better speced phone, better feeling phone, better battery life and all the software tid bits with it. I definitely recommend for wanted the best you can get on the best network.

I am very happy with this phone. It has some unnecessary features that perhaps I'll appreciate more once I learn them better, but for now they are fun just for the novelty aspect. The phone is an excellent size, very light, great screen res. and very fast/responsive. I was also very impressed with the battery life! I was able to take a weekend trip with the WiFi and Bluetooth on and I only had to charge it on the drive there and back (which meant almost 2 full days)!

Cant believe i wasted all these years on a iphone so many ways to customize, great battery life love everything about this phone!

As a &#34;NON-Techy&#34; it's the first phone that I'm happy to have invested in. It's fast and user friendly. Great picture quality and sound. Not too sensitve like my Droid 4.

I'm relatively tech savvy, but this phone killed me. I never thought I'd say this, but an iphone is EASIER to navigate and takes BETTER pictures. I swear. I tested them side by side. Heck, even a Blackberry is easier to use. I guess if you started with a droid system and it's all you've ever known and are comfortable with it, you will like this phone. It's pretty and sleek...but my fondness ended there. I called the help desk more times than I can count - even they struggled to figure out where to find stuff in which menus. Not worth the stress.

I had given up on Android after the Moto X. Android was glitchy and iOS just seemed snappier and easier to use. When the Galaxy S4 came out, I had to try it out. Coming from an Iphone 5, I was very skeptical. But this phone definitely give the Iphone a run for it's money. It feels just as thin as the Iphone 5, but lighter. I thought having a huge phone was going to bother me because I usually carry my phones in my pocket, but it's no bother at all. I love all the features like the air gestures and the multiple windows. Don't get me wrong, the Iphone 5 is an awesome phone, but Samsung is getting better and better.

This phone blows out any cel phone I ever owned. It's top of the line, but you do need a good case for it since it's made of plastic.I have a Dualtek case, and have had my phone almost a year now, the case and the phone are in terrific shape.Only cons are.....I wish the screen was a tad brighter, and that the keyboard would rotate faster when I tilt the phone side ways.

Beautifully clear screen, packed full of features. I'm so glad I switched from my iPhone 4S to this. The screen size/clarity alone is worth the switch! Camera has a ton of different shooting modes (I still haven't figured all of it out yet), but I will say it's harder to take a clear photo with this phone compared to the iPhone unless you are standing completely still. Great phone overall. Oh yeah, and it makes calls too.

The phone is great except for two things. The battery life is poor. During normal use, I have less than 30% by 5 o'clock. The other issue is the updates. They have been glitchy and have caused execive battery drain.

The Samsung Galaxy S4, White (Verizon Wireless) cell phone i bought through Amazon for one of my friend who wants to buy new phone  with verizon wireless. It delivered on 12/24/13 for  her Christmas gift. enjoy it. Thx.

Delivered very quickly and perfect condition. Works well all around. Good screen and capabillity. Camera is good, not quite as good as my bf's iphone.

So the phone is everything I thought it would  be.  It is small, light and has a beautiful screen.  One shortfall is the battery life; you need to shut down some functionality in order to maintain a charge.  Another issue is the camera; the pictures are not very good when something is in motion.  I tried all the settings, I cannot seem to clear this problem up.  I used Ballistic glass as the screen protector and they work well together.  I originally was going to get the Iphone, I am glad I got this instead.

I purchased an S4 on amazon even though I was cautioned to not. I picked verizon plan with insurance. Lo and behold, after 5 months the screen cracked, and I call verizon, they have no record of my insurance. Asurion does not either, and neither does Amazon. Should have just bought it from verizon and continued with Asurion insurance. Very disappointed.

Purchased this as a Christmas present and it was a great hit with my family member ! Will purchase one for myself

I admit that I was skeptical about joining the Samsung family.  I have always had LT or HTC phones.  This is my 3rd smartphone and I cannot believe how quickly I feel in love with it.  Lightning fast responses and extremely user friendly.  The Samsung Galaxy S4 has everything I could want in a phone.  I definitely made the right choice and now all of my friends will hear about how they need this phone.Stop reading and go get this phone!!!

This is an awesome phone! The quad-core processor and the additional features make this model even better than the Galaxy S3 that I know and love.

This phone is fast, reliable and is perfect.  I love the size and I can do so many things with it.

super fast, slick design, customizable, overall really great! I love being able to run lots of different apps at the same time (especially spotify, navigation, etc.) definitely recommend it.

Just got our new phones for a penny (New Customer with Verizon through Amazon), and they are simply amazing.I can't say much more than they are the best phones on the planet.(Until the S5 comes out. Which, with my luck will be next month.)

I switched from iPhone 4 to Samsung Galaxy S4 and couldn't be happier. This phone blows iPhone out of the water!  The larger screen and higher mega pixel camera alone make it stand out.  I'm still learning the ropes of Android but M very happy with my purchase. This was a great deal here on Amazon for my Verizon Wireless plan too. The phone here was $150 less than if I went with Verizon directly.

I got this phone earlier this week and I'm extremely happy with it. It is a very high quality device. My favorite feature is the brilliant screen. It makes reading on the phone a great experience and I feel like the phone is the perfect size. It is surprisingly thin and light. Some complain about the plastic backing, but it makes the phone significantly more durable. If you still need protection, I highly recommend this case:SPIGEN SGP Samsung Galaxy S4 Case Protective [Slim Armor] [Infinity White] Dual Layer Advanced Shock Absoption Protective Case for Galaxy S IV Galaxy SIV i9500 - Infinity Whitewith theSPIGEN SGP Samsung Galaxy S4 Screen Protector Clear Steinheil [Ultra Crystal] Premium Crystal Clear High Definition Front Screen Protector for Galaxy S IV Galaxy SIV i9500.I'm sure many other reviewers have touched on the strengths of the phone so I'll leave a few notable tips on things I've learned:- Google Play MUSIC app consumes a TON of battery if left running in the background- "Adapt" sound can enhance audio for your ears after being set up- If you swipe high up on the lock screen with lock screen widgets enabled you can have multiple lock screens- The keyboard is not as good as the swiftkey app (available in play store)Overall the phone is outstanding. More to come as I gain more experience with the device.

I absolutely love my phone. There is no damage done to my phone and didn't take long to get it working. Thanks a bunch. Love love love

Excellent in design and function.Much better than S3 and iPhone 5 in function.Looks a lot better than S-3.

I had not purchased a new cell phone in many years and was looking for one with good reviews and which was EASY and not intimidating. So happy with this phone and larger screen a plus for old eyes. I also purchased an Otterbox with kickstand which I also like. Bonus was phone was $50 cheaper than at Verizon store. I did not previously know if you are a Verizon customer you could purchase phones elsewhere, as on Amazon.

Fast shipping, I received the phone the next day.  Has great features and easy to set up with my carrier.Being able to motion or gesture to control the phone is really cool.Slim, not heavy; which is great considering the large screen.I use this for work so, the fact that it integrates with our exchange server is a huge plus.Would definitely recommend this phone.

There are some things about this phone that are truly amazing like the camera!  Beyond that I'm not much impressed.  The S Voice does not recognize any name I tell it.  The relationships that I have entered in my phone don't register and its just rather cumbersome when trying to make a call.  I'll go back to the iPhone next time.

I have been a droid user from the beginning.  And I have to say that the new S4 is hands down the best phone to date. It multi tasks better than any iPhone.

What is not to like when you get a $700 phone for a penny just for adding a new line.  If you have a phone about ready to go off contract, then buy this phone and put it on as a second or additional line.  You can always suspend service on the other phone when it expires.  Renewal was $50 to $200 depending if you go online or at the Verizon store.  Store is always more expensive, or you can go to Walmart and get it for $50.

By far the greatest phone I've owned so far.  Light year beyond my HTC Rezound and any of my iPhones (I have an iPhone 5 for work and had a 3GS before the Rezound).Not sure how the stock handling is, but when rooted and a decent ROM is loaded up, its very smooth, great battery life (when managed semi-logically) and dependable.  Only issues I've had were introduced by me while tweaking settings I probably should have left alone :-P

All I expected and more, I am still learning new things on the phone,I love it.I tell all my friends.

Wow what a phone.  Completely beats hands down what I was using.  Ordered Verizon white 16GB version.  Also got the Otterbox defender gray/white case too.  Only thing I can complain about is Verizon related.  No Wifi button on notification bar and Verizon doesn't allow WiFi hotspot on my unlimited plan without paying $30 more a month.  Other than that this phone has a very good battery life, it takes great pictures and videos, and has many other fantastic phone features. Plus the size is PERFECT! I have had and continue to use an Iphone for my work since they provide it and can say the Iphone5 doesn't come close to this phone.

the phone lasted me 4 days and somehow it managed to shatter in my pocket, in an otterbox case, while i was sitting down.the phone does not do well in the heat love everything about the phione except the fragile aspect.

If you haven't found worthwhile reviews elsewhere...don't look here.  It's an awesome phone packed with features.  Only complaint is that the plastic case feels a little &#34;cheap&#34; compared to the aluminum HTC One or glass Iphone.

I bought it expecting it to be virtually the same as the Samsung S3 with a smaller screen. I opened the package and was please at first. It looked almost exactly like the full sized S3 in a much smaller shell but once I started comparing it to my wife's phone which is the S3 I found that looks were about all it had in common. Instead of the 8mp camera that my wife's phone has it only has a 5 mp camera. Many of the features that it was advertised as having it simply didn't have. (burst, multi-tasking video and apps at same time etc.) I called Verizon they said that there records don't show that those features are supposed to be on the phone but they gave me Samsung's phone number. When I called them they stated that those features belong on the phone and they didn't know why they weren't.I wouldn't mind those things that much because well frankly &#34;there's an app for that&#34; but the problem I have that the hardware just isn't that strong. It lags a bit and the front facing camera is horrible. I think my daughters nintendo ds has a better front facing camera. When compared to it's competitors it's features just don't measure up. The Droid mini has an 8mp camera and the Iphone 5c does too. all it all it was rather disappointing. I think I'm going back to Motorolla to get the android mini.

Samsung S4 and all the recent Android phones are GREAT. Finally people started learning from the constant brainwashing that evil sect called Apple is doing for years. Say no to iPhones, educate yourself, don't be a marketing sheep and buy only real quality products, which come from Asus, Samsung, Sony, Nokia, LG!

Bought this phone to upgrade from my Droid 1 that I bought maybe 5 years ago.  I paid full price because I have a Verizon unlimited data plan and I didn't want to lose it.The Phone works just fine and seems to get the job done.  I don't do any jailbreaking or anything like that so I don't really have a comment about that.

Love the phone. Chose this over the LG g2. My wife got the g2 and for me definitely the right choice. The Camera takes INCREDIBLE pictures and video. Games don't bog down. All around awesome phone

Second day I had the phone , the phone died and never came back on I took it to the Verizon store they could not assist me because the phone was ordered from amazon. I called amazon they replaced the phone I was only without a phone for 2 days. If you do order just know that within the first 30 days Verizon will not help you at all with problem that you may have with your phone.  The phone they sent me works perfectly fine I haven't had any problems out of it.

I had a droid and I am so glad I switched to the Samsung Galaxy! User friendly, vivid, and so easy to use. Love this for the camera it takes awesome pictures!

this phone/network is awesome!  i had the same phone on sprint and it was just mediocre (goes to show that the service makes all the difference).the screen size is the best for me...not too big or too small, and the resolution is top notch!has way too many features, and i only use a a few of them.i feel like the battery could be a bit better, but i have access to charge at home, work, and the car.  so not a big deal.i just got fed up with the lies from sprint (i was with them for 13 years).  it was well worth the $350 to close the account and switch to verizon!if you are in the market for a new phone, you have to check this one out!

So far this is the easiest and fastest way I've found! It was also the cheapest! The phone came just as described, just as you would get it in a store. I will gladly do this again in the future!!

Phone is Literally perfect.  Battery life is amazing, call quality is very good.  The phone is insanely fast.There are SOOO many features that I don't even know where to begin.  I would suggest watching this video here from Droid-Life to get an idea of everything this phone has to offer.http://www.droid-life.com/2013/05/06/video-20-tips-and-tricks-for-the-samsung-galaxy-s4/#more-107242Just buy this phone and don't look back!!

Amazing phone, I've had it for a little over a month now, and my only regret is buying it at the beginning of November in stead of waiting for Black Friday. But hey having it a few weeks early was worth about $80 It's that awesome! I've been very impressed with the battery life and the smoothness of the UI. I'm not a huge fan of Touch Wiz, but I am a huge fan of having lots of options and menus so I don't hate it! One of the best phones to buy right now, esp as they are getting flat affordable!

hands down best camera i've ever owned.  i own 2 P&S, sony Nex-3 with several lenses as well as a gopro 1&3.  oh right, its also an amazing smart phone.  has yet to stutter on anything.  The stock video player is amazing, you can pop out the video as a floating window and move it on top of anything.

f you are looking for an alternate way of not having to pay the $199.99 for upgrading you exiting contract phone, this is a great solution.  We have four lines in our family and each one has a different upgrade date. When one come due we just order the phone and activate the device on our existing number.Same phone, same service same fees for activation, we save over $70.00!Fast and Easy

I'll just say that I'm a smartphone guy. I like to have the newest stuff, if possible. I owned a Motorola Droid & Droid 2 several years ago and had a horrible experience with the hardware & early Android software. Therefore, I've stuck to iPhones since then. However, I have had two iPhones for the past year since my work provides one. While I love Apple products, I decided that I wanted a little variety. So I sold my iPhone 5 (personal phone) and bought the Galaxy S4.So far, so good! Android has come a long way and the hardware on this phone has been fantastic (so far). Battery life is my biggest complaint, but it still lasts an entire day with no problem & that's with several bells & whistles turned on. The next biggest complaint is Android fragmentation, which means you aren't going to get the latest software updates as quickly as you will if you own an iPhone. However, Android 4.2.2 is a solid operating system and has made me happy.If you're looking for an Android device, get the Samsung Galaxy S4 or HTC One. Otherwise, I am still going to say the iPhone & iOS is the best overall platform out there. I've been using iOS7 in beta & it is superior to Android Jelly Bean in every way except customization.

Tried to hold out as long as I could for verizon to release the HTC one. My last phone finally gave out and left me no choice but to get the next best phone available so I got the galaxy s4. Still wish I could have waited for HTC one but the s4 is a much better phone than what I had. Still working out a couple of little bugs that I am having all have been addresed but one. There is not enough internal memory available to use in the phone and you are limited to what apps you can install on the sd card.

4 stars because the phone could be faster when launching applications.I like the screen size and clarity. This is the main reason for the purchase of the S4.The downfall of this phone is the battery life. Heavy users will find recharging frequently necessary. Keep in mind this a fault of many smartphones and not a reason to avoid purchasing the Samsung S4.I did have difficulties with some apps crashing but attribute that to the apps developers on Android. Ie: CNBC and Marketwatch are much more stable on Apple ecosystem.

I'm sorry low rating android haters, I'm a verified purchaser of two Galaxy S4s (see my uploaded images for proof) and this phone is simply amazing.  I'm a former iPhone 3gs/4/4s user and I know just how good android had coming along the years.Extremely beautiful screen, extremely light and crazy thin, very easy to put in any pocket.Awesome camera, as good as the iPhone 5, even better, because with iPhone you have to manually click on screen to focus, and no face detection on iPhone.Super fast 4 core processor, and never ending ram space.  You can keep as many apps open as you like, without ever feeling slowing down like the iPhone when you had like just 10-15 apps open in the background.The gimmicks (eye scrolling, air gestures, s-beam) are fun, but I turned those off immediately after I got my phone, this will also save you more battery and ram space.Battery life is simply AMAZING.  You simply can't run this beast down in just one day.  I get average 1.5-2 full days of use depending on usage.  Included 2.1 Amp battery charger also charges this phone blazing fast, just few hours is all you need to completely charge the battery juice.I installed Nova Launcher (it's free) from google play to replace stock TouchWiz, and haven't looked back.  I suggest you try the Nova Launcher as well.Verizon's Network is no doubt #1, as I have used all 3 major carriers, 4G is blazing fast, and 3G is also very fast.***Also as a side note note, even though Amazon price is cheaper than Verizon official site, if you read though Amazon's contract terms, you'll notice you must keep your Verizon line of service active for at least 6 month to avoid from being charged a $400 dollar termination fee from Amazon, besides the usual ETL that Verizon is gonna charge you.

WOW, love this phone, glad i made the change, dont know why it took me so long to purchase this phone, its a great phone, great features!

If you want the best smart phone on the market, get this.  It looks great, feels great and works perfectly.  This is my second smart phone (iphone 5) and this by far blows the iphone5 out of the water.  It's faster, has a better touch screen, better picture, better camera, etc.  I read complaints about the 16gb hard drive in it.  Honestly, who is going to fill that up with apps?  Add a 64gb sd drive and put your music on there.  I have 30gbs of music on the sd card and it works perfectly, no delay at all.  Turn off the s audio as soon as you get this as it slows down the phone.  If you want a case, the Spigen Slim Armor is the best i've tried.  I ordered the 5 most popular cases for this and it was easily the best.  Get a screen protector too as you don't want to get any scratches.  Great phone and I will never go back to apple.

It is a vast improvement in every way over the Droid Bionic it replaced.  Not even a fair competition.  I still can't believe I was able to upgrade to this phone at the start of January for only 1 cent.  Battery!!!  Screen!!!  OS!!!  Smooth as silk with a true all day battery under heavy data/internet use.  My son got my old phone to play games but I find him always sneaking off with the S4.  In the past I was always worried about game play, GPS, WiFi, etc. with the Droid Bionic battery.  Not a problem anymore.  HAPPY!

This phone is too big and I hate it.  And it's too small to enjoy a tv show or movie.  I don't know why everyone has such a hardon for this phone.

A little big, but overall i like it. Sometimes it can be overly sensitive. The screen itself as it is very nice, is a giant battery killer.

I really like the Galaxy.  I have had my phone a couple of months now and do not have any complaints.

"Samsung Optical Reader automatically recognizes text, a business card, or QR code information, providing useful functions such as translation, call, text message, and search." This is false. Verizon did not include this. I know, I bought this phone from Verizon. But it is a great phone.

This CellPhone is the best. Enternet speed is amazing. Camera is sharp, fast. that is what I needed. You can use whole day with WIfi turned on. I am thinking about using this for at least 4 years.

My previous phone decided that it was designed for exactly a 2 year lifespan. The new phone is hugely different. Very light. The screen is BRIGHT. There are more (useful) apps and settings right out of the box. The touchscreen is very sensitive, even with the original protective plastic. The version of the apps that go with this version of Android are fancier.  Altogether very nice.It is also slippery. The original case is very smooth and shiny and the screen takes up all of the front, so there isn't really a good way to pick it up.  I bought the Samsung case with the cover flap (not the S Case) and it is easier to handle.

Great phone...love it! It does everything that it has been advertised to do.  I would recommend this phone to anyone. ..

Easy to see and lots of features. Its an awesome phone. Easy to figure out and easy to use. I recommend the phone.

Love the phone. Upgraded from a Droid Bionic, and I couldn't be more happy. The only drawback I've found is the auto-correct feature not changing your words for you on the fly (you actually have to tap the suggested word to make the change complete), so texting can be a bit annoying for people with thick fingers.I'm thrilled with everything else, though. A solid phone through and through.

I paid  one cent for my new Samsung and my contract cost me $55.00 a month. I am having more fun with my Galaxy 4 than I have had with other phone . It is easy to use touch screen that works really fast  and the Version coverage is great...If you are in the market for a new phone let me recommend the Samsung Galaxy sold by Amazon . It is a worth while investment . Hurry before the  .01 cent deals are sold out .Thank you

You have to learn to use it, like anything.  You can always ask the other 50 million owners if you have to.  There are also 900,000 web pages and guides, but a lot is actually intuitive.  Looked at iPhone 5S, Lg G2, HTC-1, and the Note 3.  Glad I got this.  It's not too big, but still 1080p, and the battery life is adequate. Having a hardware button, plus 2 capacitive ones is nice.It can be hard to see in bright sunlight. Has USB and can be a storage device in Win7.  Take that iFone!

So far I love everything about thiS phone iS perfect we do So much we drop it doeSn't break iS water protected I love the way you look I love everything you do and its also better than galaxy S5

Overall I like this phone and I am glad I bought it.  Note that I came from a previous different Samsung 4G smart phone as well.  Here are some choice things that I like and dislike about this phone.Pros:+ Usually fast+ Very nice high res screen+ Great camera in day time+ Good battery, can make it to end of day with moderate to slightly heavyish use+ 4G is blazing on verizon+ Good sound qualityCons:- Speakers on back instead of front or bottom like the iphone, get muffled very easily when you lay down on its back.  Who listens to music with the screen down anyway?  This is probably my biggest item on the con list.  Putting a case on only muffles the sound more when you lay the phone on its back.  Docked 1 star for this reason.- Occassional stutter, for example when opening Gallery- Bloatware. Can be fixed with rooting

I pre-ordered the samsung galaxy s4 (Verizon Wireless) and thought this was one of the best phones I've had. Battery life is good enough to last a day with moderate usage. Camera is surprisingly amazing. It beats the iPhone with more filter capabilities and timer.  Taking shots at night is not a problem. One thing that stands out from all other products is that samsung is able to fit all features necessary and with a 5'0 inch screen, camera filters, macro screens, zoom, timer, all in one! it's not about the mega pixels. it's about the lens of the smart phone!

There are so many different options and personalization features that I feel I will never figure them all out, but the phone is great. The screen is amazing and super easy to see. The camera is also great, very great detail, and completely customizable.

My son bought this for himself and he loves the phone. He is a 20 some year old, and this is the latest &#34;greatest&#34; thing. He is on it all the time. No problems with it and he takes very good care of it

Do not buy cellphone via amazon. I really upset and upset. They are trash guys. Basically, I received two cellphone Dec.9.2013. But I could see the bill period was from Nov. 7 to Dec. 6. The website said that the cell phone was activated on Dec 6 so that I should pay for the Nov. 7 to Dec 6. It is ridiculous. Before delivering cellphone, they charges the monthly fee even though I have not cell phone yet. Moreover, now I am writing this review, my cell phone has not been completely activated. What the hell !!I have never write the bad review for any other service, but it is too much annoying. !!

Huge improvement over my LG Lucid. More powerful. More responsive - and user friendly. I saved money over buying the new Galaxy S5 considering the reviews that said there was hardly any difference between the two.

Am very very pleased awesome quick shipping.

The phone is amazing. Coming from apple, this took a week or two to get used to. But it was definitely worth it. and it is so much better than apples iphone. You should get this phone if you want the most amount of freedom, unlike apple that locks there phone so tightly where tech savvy people cant customize it.

I needed to get rid of my iPhone and the galaxy was the perfect phone for me. With all these cool features and the fact that I can customize it the way I want, I fell in love.

Hate this phone. Almost every other day I have to restart my phone to make it work.The people at the Verizon store in Keizer, Or are lairs. It took over two weeks to get this phone and it doesn't work! I have problem with the camera, messaging, internet, connecting to my blue tooth, shutting off when talking to people, shutting all by itself and lots of other stuff!!! Hate, hate, hate this phone and Verizon now....

I love the S4. I have had the purple Razr for two years and went to the S4 because I have a Samsung Tablet 8.0. No way to go wrong with the phone. I don't use all the fun features yet, but will get to know the phone better!

I would warn you this phone is packed with features and if you can get past learning them all this phone will be more than just a phone it will become your right hand - your partner in whatever you choose to do. I love new technology and with this phone it is just amazing because it gives you the ability to do so many things and with ease. I appreciate the way that you can personalize you device to do what you want when you want. I am still learning the many things that it can do but the ones that I have learned about have been so helpful to me and have help to make things less complicated. Get this phone it & you won't regret it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

I got this S4 as a second line in my family so got the opportunity to compare to the old S3.- both seem about the same size though S4 slightly larger- I really like that the S4 went for a flat screen glass instead of the curved one of the S3. screen protectors seem to last longer on it. S3 was impossible to put a screen protector on before it would start peeling. Using tech armor clear HD on my S4 currently which looks and feels good. no peeling.- battery life about the same, but I go for the extended battery. any company should be about the same but i've had Onite for 1+ yrs now and that is solid. realize though extended battery will at least double the weight and make the back thicker. it does last easily 24hrs even with heavy usage. NFC remains in the battery and remains kinda useless.- S4 rim is flatter compared to the tapered rim of the S3. i find the S4 easier to hold. I would get a rim case or bumper case at least though as it is super easy to drop both phones.- S4 reception seems slightly better in fact in my area which gets poor verizon reception (yeah i know, they actually have areas of bad reception)- camera is sharp and fast. about the same for both.- S4 has 4.2.2 while S3 has 4.1.2 android. I find the 4.2.2 a slightly better OS but both are solid. noticeable differences are that 4.2.2 shows all connectivity on the top bar (wifi and 4g together), the samsung keyboard has numbers at the top line so you don't have to change keyboard template or hold down keys to enter numbers. (note both are getting upgraded to 4.3 in Oct it sounds like. very cool.)- voice and audio about the same for both. people seem to hear me just fine and i hear them just fine.- note the S4 gets really hot against the ear, more than the S3. this is kinda annoying but i use bluetooth headsets a lot.- both are snappy and responsive.-----In the end, since both are getting Android 4.3 soon, either is fine to have and an awesome phone, but the S4 having a flat screen to allow screen protectors is pretty huge for me as i put my phone thru a lot of abuse. As I use my phone a lot and don't mind the weight, I strongly prefer the S3/S4 over motorola or iphone because of the option to use expanded battery. That was the deciding factor for me.

I ordered two phones, one black and one white.  The black one works...so far.  The white one quit working after less than 12 hours of activations.Once I received the phones, I let them acclimate for several hours (very cold outside) before attempting to activate with Verizon. I followed the instructions exactly as written; simple and easy to do.  Phone was activated; we updated the software, and installed our accounts and apps.  We charged the phone to 100% as per instructions and then went to bed.  The next morning (today as I write this); the phone quit.  It would not respond in any way; I even tried my charger and battery (same phone) and it still would not respond.I went to the local Verizon store (don't know why they are there as all they want to do is sell you overpriced accessories).  They looked at the phone and tried to reset it but could not.  They gave me the Verizon Tech Support number and told me to call (why she could not do this I don't know).I dialed the number she provided and the phone tried to transfer me to the "on-line" support with the option to continue calling the number...really...I dialed a number for a reason, to talk to someone.  Anyway, after the second time dialing, I got tech support.  After explaining to them the problem, they had me try the factory reset...no response.  She then told me I had to contact Amazon for a replacement.  When I asked if there are any activation fees she said "no".  Great...however, there is a $30 "upgrade" fee that they can not waiver.  Wow that is a new one; an "upgrade fee".  There is one piece of good news; they did transfer my wife's phone service to her old phone until I get a replacement.My experience with Amazon.  When I called Amazon, I got right through and told customer service what had happened.  She told me that I had two choices for a replacement phone; 1. Send the phone back (after I receive the return label) and they will send me a replacement phone when the receive the bad one; or 2. Charge me for a new phone ($710.98) to arrive tomorrow and they will refund the price of the phone when they receive the bad one.  I chose option 2 as I didn't want to wait.  When I checked my orders on Amazon and they were going to ship a Black phone instead of a white one.  Back on the phone...talked to another rep and he straightened it all out.  I just received an email from the first customer service rep confirming my shipment and return label. FYI,you will have to contact Amazon if you have any problems with the phone within the first 30 days, after that you have to deal with Samsung or your carrier.So far Amazon customer service has been great!I will update after we receive our replacement phone.

I had MetroPCS before this and decided to switch to Verizon because my sister's phone (Huawei Vitria) was not working when mine (Alcatel One Touch Fierce) did. It would say she had service but would not send or receive texts as well as not calling out or receiving calls.I made the switch through Verizon and have had the phone for two days now and my sister and I absolutely love it. It's fast and I haven't had any problems with service or calls and it overall works great. I definitely recommend the Samsung Galaxy S4 from Verizon!!

Best Black Friday deal out there.  Paid a penny, and the only catch is I have to use it with my carrier for the next two years.  I have been with my carrier for over five years, and see no reason to change anytime soon.  Great phone for an exceptional price!

30 dollar upgrade fee that Verizon/amazon does not clearly spell out until the 200 plus bill arrives, some what misleading!! Your better off withe 200 dollars a month and a jitterbug!

This phone was purchsed for my wife. She is happy with it so that is all that matters. A little bigger than previous phone, but makes up for functions.

Battery life is poor, a day or less on full charge with just wifi activated.  Rest of smartphone is very nice-would rate a 5 if not for battery life.Doing evaluation8:00.  100%9:05.  9210:38.  8211:22. 79

So far so good with this phone. Only had it for a few days. took a little bit to get it set up to the way I like.

I've had my S4 for close to a week and I absolutely love it!.  It is so light weight, at first I felt like I was going to break.  The screen is amazing, the whole phone is amazing.  I've only had HTC phones in the past and didn't know how switching would be, but since it's the same OS it has been so easy.  So happy with the choice I made!

Great phone.Nice and fast, decent battery life - however, Samsung has fallen to the &#34;feature creep&#34; .... So many options, features and do-dads cluttering up the experience.  If this shipped with fewer crap features, it'd be more amazing than it already is.

I recently bought this phone for my wife's upgrade, and she couldn't be more pleased.  She originally wanted the Note 3, but at the price that device is going for, I convinced her that she didn't need that much screen.  Her previous phone was the LG Intuition, which was an OK android phone, but it really had some strange software issues after one of the firmware upgrades that nobody knew how to fix.  The GS4 is a far more capable device, and it has more neat little features than she or I will ever know what to do with.Samsungs AMOLED screens continue to push the competition to keep up with their striking visual fidelity, and the resolution is still above or on par with anything else out there right now.  The GS4's processor makes that old phone look like a slug by comparison, and even though this device is aging and on the verge of being replaced, it still holds its own against the rest of Verizon's Android lineup.My wife particularly likes the fact that there are so many ways to interact with the phone even though some of the features may seem gimmicky.  Still, it's enough to keep her happy until she is eligible for another upgrade.  She mostly plays games, does her social networking and browses the web, so she isn't a power user.  It says a lot though that I haven't seen her open her laptop once since the phone came and we activated it.  The GS4 does everything she needs and more.We have only owned the phone for a few days at this point, so I have nothing to add to the negatives column, but I will say that Samsung has come a long way with their phones since I worked in the cell phone industry a few years ago.  There was a time when I would never have recommended a Samsung phone to anyone, but they seem to have gotten their act together in a big way with their Android lineup.  Five stars are well deserved with this phone!

Before I start talking about the Greatest phone ever created, lets talk Samsung. One of the biggest corporations of today, Samsung was founded in 1938, but it wasn't until the 1990's that Samsung started manufacturing electronics. Since then Samsung Industry has become known all over the world for its computers, monitors, televisions, and especially their latest adaption of  its mobile device the Samsung Galaxy S4.The S4 is one of Samsung's most successful  products out there. The S4 has three predecessor's and even a tablet adaptation.The first Samsung Galaxy first came out back in 2010 which was originally called the Galaxy S, following after was the S2 in 2011 and S3 in 2012. Then finally the best of its brothers in 2013 the Samsung S4 was released.Now its time for the specs and features, the Samsung Galaxy S4 has greatly advanced in this area compared to its previous versions and have set the bar for other smartphone of its generation. The S4 weighs only 120 grams and has a 5 inch screen with full High Definition  with 441 ppi! The S4 is 136.6 mm tall, 69 mm in length, and 7.9mm  wide.  The Galaxy S4 can contain up to 2 Gigabytes of RAM . The S4 full High Definition screen  is made of AMOLED, this improves the phones response time and helps the phone use less power.Thus the features, first the Galaxy S4's camera and video features. This beast has two cameras a back camera that is 13  mega pixels with zero shutter lag and a front camera that is 2 mega pixels  also with zero shutter lag and both cameras able to record in full 1080pi High Definition. The S4 has many camera features that only it has. For those camera lovers this is where I completely win you over, camera features included with the Galaxy S4 are Drama where you take multiple pictures and merge them into one, Sound & Shot which allows you to add background sound to a picture for a couple seconds, Rich Tone when pictures are merged in various exposures that create soft and rich color, Night mode makes pictures taken in the low light, brighter and clearer, sports makes photos taken at hide speed clearer, and my favorite camera feature called Eraser which takes five consecutive pictures and erases moving object's saving the best one.Now what sets the Samsung Galaxy S4 above the rest, its smart gestures and personal features . These features are what got me loving this phone. The first  feature is called group play that allows you to share games,music, pictures, and videos to fellow Galaxy users. Next is the Samsung adapt, it adjusts the phones sound, screen brightness on its own depending on your environment. Another feature only Samsung has is called S Health which keeps track of your calorie intake and optional exercises according to your lifestyle and environment around you. Smart gestures are unique features that allow users to scroll down or turn the page by simply waving your hand across the screen down or up and left to right. With smart gestures it makes touching your phone obsolete because you are now able to on the Samsung Galaxy S4 scroll up or down a page with just your eyes and pause or continue videos by looking away or back at the screen.The Samsung Galaxy S4 is by far the best phone I've ever had. In the past I have owned the droid Razer and IPhone 4s, both those phones are nowhere close to competing with the Samsung Galaxy S4. The S4's enhanced specs, super smooth look, and unique and cool features. Its 5 inch screen puts other phones to shame and the S4 being made of plastic makes it one of the most durable phones out there. I use my phone 24/7 and the battery life lasts longer than any other phone I've had. I've had the phone for about 5 months now and have had zero issues with it. In Conclusion the S4 is hands down the greatest cell phone out there and is a must have, It has everything other phones have plus even more.

The phone arrived on time which is always a plus. The phone works great with the exception of the battery. I have to charge it at least twice a day but it's not something I can't live with.

I had an iphone 4 and loved it, but it was time for an upgrade. I went with the Galaxy for the camera, graphics, and larger screen. It took some getting used to because it is not quite as user friendly, but I really do like it. I just wish you could get itunes on it! :)

Got my GS4 three months ago and not a day goes by in which I do not find a new capability this DECom has.DECom - Data. Entertainment. Communication.As of today I officially do NOT have a phone but a DECom... started hearing this acronym about 2 months ago here in Silicon Valley - and I like it a lot... it kinda makes sense - doesn't it?Now lets all sing together in harmony... "DECom, DECom, DECom..." just kidding :-)The only thing I've noticed is that the DECom does get quite warm... maybe even hot after a while in your jeans pocket. one time it got so hot after working outside in the simmer sun that the DECom simply quit and went blank and non-responsive ... had to take out the battery and let it cool down before inserting it back in. reboot and no issues since as long as I keep it cool.Going to compliment the GS4 with either the Note 8 or 10.1 for daily productivity, communication and yes... office work for our small company as well.I worked with Mac in the 90's, was dragged into Windows kicking and screaming by my wife for the 2000's and now I'm saying bye-bye to Microsoft and moving on to Android OS.I am discovering that you can do just about ANYTHING with the Android OS and Google services. AND... there thousands of apps to do everything else. Don't know why so many are complaining about the small number of apps - are kidding me? there's more app in Google store than any person can check in two life time!This DECom has changed the way I communicate and work - I cannot give it a higher compliment.Time to say goodbye to PC's and Laptops (My Acer did serve me well for the last 4 years). It's time to detach yourself from the past and use the wonderful freedom that mobility and cloud function can provide you with...

One of the best Android phones and there are not very many of them out there! Great competition to Apple.

When I touch the power button to look at the time it is never correct... but over all I freaking love this phone

Still finding new things this phone does and it seems to anticipate my needs. I would recomend to anyone who isnt stuck as an apple fanboy.

I love it. This is my first smartphone. I love all the features and ease of use. The talk to text works great and I love how I can customize everything the way I want it.

Ive had this phone now for about 3 weeks.  I purchased the unlocked version so I can keep my unlimited plan...thanks Verizon.  I love the feel of the phone, and there are some pretty cool features that I just cant deny.  But the soul purpose for purchasing this phone was speed, and I couldnt be more disappointed.  Im having a hard time understanding how it is possible that a brand new phone, with just a handful of apps, can be slower than my 2 year old droid bionic that had twice as many apps.  Im having major connection problems to data, incredibly slow speeds when it does connect, and the last few nights Ive noticed that some of my text messages are not even sending. Perhaps they will come out with a patch to fix this, but for now when you factor in a $700 price tag, this phone is barely worth two stars.

I came from the HTC rezound, which had broken down and needed to be sent back to verizon 3 times during my two year contract. this s4 so far has good battery life, excellent screen, some useful features, some that do not work so well,  the air play only works if you are using the samsung web browser, not googles.  I have only had it 1 month, so I will review again after 6 months

This review is about the Amazon Wireless relationship with Verizon.  Placed two orders for phones when Amazon ran them on sale and Amazon was only able to process one order.  Evidently they are not able to verify the upgrade status of multiple phones on a family plan.  Amazon automatically cancels the second line order and the only option is to resubmit order (after the $200 off sale, of course).  Even if your account shows up it is eligible to upgrade on Verizon's and Amazon's websites, don't expect multiple phones to actually ship.

Oh well where do I start? Should I get into technicalities or review this phone in a language that everyone will understand - simple and easy. I have had every kind of cell phone out there - you name the brand and type, I have had it. For past few years I have been an avid Apple fan until I grew sick of their limited and restricted usage of apps and system. I also got tired of the small screen and decided to make the switch to galaxy s4.  Absolutely love this phone! It's not &#34;complicated&#34; at all as other imply. Yes the it's not as user friendly as apple with only 5-6 functional setting icons but once you group apps and setting you don't use and need  the rest is just as easy to use. #1 big plus for me is the size of the screen - I LOVE IT!!!!! I love watching movies on it, playing games, online shopping :)I also love the fact that I can apply different themes, icons, fonts and make any other system changes without &#34;jail breaking&#34; my phone or being stuck with what it came with. So personal customization is another big plus. You can always buy a new battery and replace it if needed, it's not built in. Camera taken clean pictures and has different modes allowing you to take cool pictures and videos. Also when you download other apps (non google) they don't crash your phone system or freeze it. In other words I am very happy with this phone, and I had several friends and family members buy this phone as well and they are all very pleased with it.

So far I'm pleased. I previously owned the Galaxy S3 and was very pleased with it's ease of use and all of the bells and whistles it offered. If I had to choose between the two phones, I'd choose the S3 only because I prefer the look of some of the apps on it versus the look on the S4 (Accuweather) and Driving mode on the S3 versus Hands free mode on the S4, as well as the native home screen setup. On the S4, I had to setup the Handsfree option, but didn't have to on the S3, I just turned it on or off and S voice seemed to be clearer on the S3 in Driving mode (it could just be me). None of these preferences are deal breakers, as I am very pleased with the S4 and prefer Samsung Androids over that &#34;other&#34; phone any day.

Samsung has done it again. Definitely did not disappoint. We would highly recommend purchasing this phone and from Amazon because nobody can beat the price.

The Samsung Galaxy S4 is hands down the best phone on the market right now! The camera is amazing, the infrared blaster is the cherry on top!

Changed my wife from Blackberry and I dumped my 4S so we learned together.  Fantastic camera modes.  Verizon GPS works well, but eats into data plan so be frugal.

Not a technology guru, but as a teacher this phone thoroughly meets all my needs. I was hesitant initially based on some of the reviews, but I went with it and it was perfect for me. I'm advancing from a Motorola Droid Bionic, which I've had for almost 2 years. I can seamlessly conduct school and business affairs with this nifty phone...not as cumbersome as my previous phone. Absolutely love it!

I LOVE this phone.  FINALLY my everything in one gadget.  I've been waiting for this for years!  I can barely contain my squee!Pros:-Full customization: icons, widgets, whatever you want in any order you want (suck on that, Apple!)-Phone is super slim and very light.-Gorgeous. Display.-Screen is large enough to do stuff, but small enough to not be too unruly to carry.-Up to 64gb expansion. (Another reason Apple sucks.)-Enough RAM to actually use the phone! (You will still need to kill tasks/clear memory though. Damn me and my multitasking ways!)-Easily print and share stuff any which way you might need. (Base browser has a print driver, but Chrome doesn't. Why?)-Google integration makes backup a dream (although I wish they were less keen to give away all our information...)-Two words: Root. Access.Cons:-In lady hands the screen is a little big to one-handed thumb type. (I'm still okay with this.)-I'm still fighting with phone settings to get really good quality pics. (I'm getting a lot of motion blur. Stabilization setting helped, but not 100%. I'm guessing its user error, but the jury is out.)-Battery drains really fast compared to other phones I've had. (Working on a livable fix for this. More batteries? Carry the cable around? I dunno.)-Root was a pain, but doable. (Thanks, Verizon.)-You need a really good sturdy case.  I'm using Otterbox.  Be careful with this thing.  It's delicate.  If you sit on it, game over.-It bugs me that I have to use two different icons for my gmail and exchange emails.  I'm guessing there's probably another option, but I haven't found it yet.-Beware of adware in Google Play. (They could do a better job policing this.)Okay, back to pics of cats and rage comics...

This phone does so much and there is still a lot I need to figure out but I couldn't ask for a better phone.

Awesome phone at a great price way better than the iphone 5 I will never be the same again bye

The last few phones that I have had were from Motorola  and I was a bit skeptical about changing.  My last phone was the Droid RazrMaxx.  I had it for a year and I was ready for a change.  I can say that with out a doubt this GS4 is head and shoulders better than anything I have ever used.  The call quality is crystal clear, and no problems with dropped calls.  All the aps and the web run super fast witch is a refreshing change.  The battery life is excellent, today was talking, texting, on Facebook and at least 4 hours of listening to Pandora and I'm only down to 75%, so compared to the Droid RazrMaxx, the GS4 lasts so much longer. Picture quality is stunning and the sound quality is great. Setting up the phone is very easy, I really like how user friendly this phone is.  So far I haven't found anything that I'm not happy with.

Great phone but breaks really easily - just check out the hundreds, probably thousands of unhappy users around the globe who have had their screens go black for no apparent reason - no drops, bangs mishandling, and been told it is not covered by warranty as it is caused by a pressure crack and the replacement cost is all yours.  It can happen even just after a few days of ownership so beware the black screen is REALLY sensitive to any pressure on the casing or screen - the edges seems especially sensitive.

This Samsung Galaxy S4 is fantastic!  It has so many features that amaze yet is simple to operate.  Will remain loyal to Samsung and Verizon for future purchases!

Great phone, battery life, smooth between multi-functions, everything promised! Very happy with the screen size, operating system, and new features I am constantly finding.

Had this phone for about 2 months now.  Its a decent phone.  Fast processor and slim design.  It does have the tendency to restart itself without me telling it to but it doesn't bother me that much because electronics need to be restarted every once in a while anyways...overall a good phone.

fast, does way more than I will ever use. finally found out how good 4g service is. can't get that with ATT

Switched from iphone 4 to the s4, android is so much better than IOS. Great free apps- sd cards are cheap to load with everything you want

The S4 is even better than my HTC Droid Incredible 2 (a great phone in its day). The ability to add an SD card for more memory is a plus. Very pleased with this phone.

This phone has wonderful brilliant screen, it takes excellent pictures, and is much easier to navigate than other smart phones.

It was all I hoped it would be and more easy to use a little different from my pad but everything is great.

Verizon wireless has terrible customer service and no signal in my area.  The phone may be good but Verizon customer service was horrible.  I had signal problems and customer service stalled me enough with various &#34;fixes&#34; until my trial period ran out.  Had to pay Verizon an additional $259 for a cell repeater that uses my broadband connection that allows up to 5 Verizon phones to piggy back off my broadband.  I can't control who can connect and who cannot so if my phone ( or my wife's phone ) is not one of the first 5 to connect,  I am out of luck.

My husband and I, each, purchased one this past weekend.Hesitantly for me, since I HATE touch screen. I got white, he got black.GREAT looking and sounding phone. Awful preloaded ringtones!Fast and crisp action. NO VISUAL VOICEMAIL. How stone age.Verizon offers for extra $ per month OR try an app for that.Texting and emailing are still hideous in terms of typing accuracy, but to compensate(and keep me from tearing back to a BB) you can connect the letters by swiping! You can also dictate(though no good in public).We have 14 days trial period and I plan on hanging in there for now. Have to find a tutorial about whatthe millions of little icons mean at top of phone.Got a nice Otter Commuter cover so not slippery. Def very diff than iphone, but in a good way, especially the LIGHTNESS~Ps, also switched from ATT to Verizon Wireless. My husband is happy..me not so much. We have very differenttravel places and his seem to be covered while mine do not.

Obviously, I wanted to upgrade from my Blackberry the first day I could.  I'd seen the reviews on this phone and it came down to either this phone or the iPhone.  I'm definitely glad I picked this phone.  The big selling point for me is that this phone has an SD Card slot.  Apps can also be saved to the SD Card to make up with the 9 GB so or memory on the phone itself with a recent update of the phone.  For some reason, the iPhone offers no SD Card slot.  The Galaxy S4 is unbelievably fast as well.  It may very well be the fastest phone out there.  I primarily use it on Wi-Fi, but while I'm out, the 4G is very fast as well.  As expected, nearly all apps I've downloaded run very well.  Since this is my first touch screen phone, I've had some trouble texting, but that was to be expected and has gotten better the past couple of weeks.  If you're up for an upgrade and want a do it all phone, this is probably the best Android phone out there.

I bought this Samsung galaxy S4 phone just month ago. it's work great for few week. one day i got system update on device .. I update system and then device never detect SIM card. always show NO SIM message on phone.. that sucks.. I call Samsung customer service and they are not ready to accept the issues.. I have to through this phone to garbage..I gave it 1 start because poor customer service and device SW update issues

Three days after receiving my brand-new phone, with brand-new two year contract strings attached, the microphone for in-call voice pickup stopped working. Exhaustive Googling turned up that this is a known issue with this phone and many people have had this issue. Despite numerous attempts at getting the phone replaced from both Amazon AND Verizon, it's been 32 days and I have YET to have a resolution.Amazon offered to *let* me pay $700 out-of-pocket for a new phone, then return the old one, and be reimbursed-- or, return the phone and be without a phone for a week. As a city-dwelling single woman, this was not an option.Verizon offered me the courtesy of a coupon to take the price off buying a new device-- or a remanufactured item.This is all WITHIN THE WARRANTY PERIOD!If YOU sell ME a broken ANYTHING-- YOU owe ME a new ANYTHING. This is how retail works. The so-called solutions offered up by both Amazon and Verizon are totally unacceptable and it's more obvious than ever that cellphones are just a moneymaker. I will be purchasing an unlocked Google phone and never dealing with this again.

I put the phone in my shopping cart and it was priced as free with a 2-year contract. When I went to purchase it the price in the shopping cart still showed the phone to be free. However, only when I had reached the final page did I see that the final price had magically changed to $99.99. Very sneaky and not how I thought Amazon does business. Extremely disappointed, looks like I'll go to an actual shop instead of buying it online to ensure I don't get screwed over.

This is a great phone.  It's very fast and has a beautiful picture and hasn't given me any connectivity issues on Verizon's network.  My only complaint is that I wish the volume knobs were located on the right side of the phone just like every smart phone I've had before.  I've had a few minor drops and it's held intact without too much damage.  The screen is big and bright making it perfect for watching media.  I only talk for about 30 minutes a day but the phone is showing 1/2 battery at the end of the day which seems like pretty good battery life for me.

When smart phones first came out, I was an Apple fan. It took me until the 3GS to realize that I was never going to be satisfied with a Apple's cookie cutter user interface. It has made smart phones accessible to those who aren't inquisitive about technology. If, however, you are like me, you quickly realized that Android provided the best balance of reliability and customization.Having said that, the biggest drawback to Android is that you are reliant on the manufacturer to push over-the-air updates when a new version is released. That's the only drawback I see. With Apple, everyone is on the same page as long as your device can handle the new features.With that caveat, let me begin to heap praise upon the Galaxy S4. It is my third Android device. It blows me away. The only criticism I have is its learning curve. I've had it since it came out and still find myself learning something new everyday. In a way, though, that keeps the device fresh and exciting. If you're new to Android and need a more slow introduction to the S4's features, it even has a basic mode.Once in the advanced mode, you unlock a host of features that make clear that this device was designed for you, the user. The device is not one that tells you what you need (my basic beef with the iPhone). It, instead, gives you intuitive features that you would like to use. For example, yesterday, on a hike, I realized that I could take a photo of a natural stream and then produce a GIF that kept certain areas still while animating the water. While this may seem a trivial point, it illustrates how this device is designed for internet 2.0 users who want to publish content. You can read about all these features elsewhere, and they are numerous. It's fun to constantly discover a new use that inspires creativity.Despite its powerful set of features, you'll find the battery life very satisfying. With Blluetooth and WIFI enabled, I was able to use the device for 37 hours before its charge depleted.For professionals, I have to say this is the best device I've uncovered. Rather than unlock the phone and then switch off the volume, I can hold down the power button and quickly switch between volume levels. This is handy in meetings or in presentations where you realize you've left the volume on. Rather than stare at my screen as I input my password, I can take care of discretely. The screen size helps, too, in combination with productivity suites like &#34;Documents to Go&#34; (not exclusive to the device) to view and collaborate on documents while travelling. Other devices with smaller screens make this somewhat laborious. Samsung seems to have hit the sweet spot between no being too small and not being a near tablet (Note devices).Some will criticize the S4 for containing bloatware from Samsung. I just overlook it. One can customize the home screens so that needing to access the full list of installed apps isn't necessary. I will say, though, that I love &#34;Watch On.&#34; With the on-board RF blaster, you can control TVs, Blu Ray players, Bose stereos, receivers, just about anything as long as you in line-of-site with the device. The app even acts like a universal remote, providing a combo of uses (like activating your receiver, Blu Ray device, and TV all at once). In this way, it almost replaces more expensive devices like Logitech's Harmony Remotes, except that it doesn't include the RF receivers.In short, if you need a phone, get this one. It's good for publishing; it's good for work/productivity; and it's good for being lazy around the house. Oh, yeah! It also makes phone calls.

The Samsung Galaxy S4 is the best phone on the market. I love it. I would recommended it to others

My wife loves this phone.The newest phone out there running the latest OS. Probably going to get my daughter the mini here soon.

I hate the music widget on my lock screen. I DON'T WANT TO SEE THIS EVERY TIME I LOOK AT MY PHONE!  I could not get rid of it so I was on the phone with Samsung for over 40 minutes before they were finally able to get rid of it from my screen.  That does not include the time I spent trying to fix it on my own, searching Android forums and Google, so this issue probably wasted about 90 minutes of my life that I cannot get back.UPDATE:Okay, that problem was finally solved and I figured out how to solve it for the future.  The Music app automatically places a widget on the Lock screen each time you use it.  To remove it I have found that you can clear the cache for that app and then it goes away.  As it turns out it's actually not a bad feature when listening to music as it allows you to control the music without unlocking the phone, but I wish Samsung would make it clear how to remove it if you don't want to see it.  Still, 90 minutes of time lost does not make me happy, but it's not as bad an idea as I originally thought.However, using the SD card is not as simple as I think it should be.  I spent another hour in a live chat with Samsung trying to find my music to move my music to the SD card.  16GB is not enough for my apps and my music and photos etc, so the SD card slot was a selling point for me.  During the online chat with a Samsung rep, we finally figured out where the photo files are stored and moved them to the SD card, but we could not find my music files.  I know they're on the native memory because you can see it in the settings when you look at the storage usage, but when we tried to find them we could not, even after going through just about every folder on the phone.  During that conversation the rep also told me there is no setting to make the phone automatically store music and photos files etc. on the SD card, "it's a limitation of the device," she said.  In my opinion that's a big failure on Samsung's part.  Moving data files and telling the system where to store them should be an easy task, IMO!  I realize that apps are best left on the native memory, and some simply won't allow you to put them anywhere else, which is why the SD Card slot was one of the selling points for me.  However, if I can't make use of it, it's pointless, and it amounts to false advertising IMO.So, even though I finally figured out Music widget issue, the memory card issue is enough for me to leave my rating at 2 stars.  The rep's final suggestion was to take the device to Verizon and see if they could figure it out.  Driving all over town, and wasting time on the phone and in live chat sessions for something as basic as using an SD card is not my idea of a well designed device.  So, unless you have the time and the patience to spend on issues like this, I don't recommend this device.  On the other hand, it does have alot of very nice features that I realyl like.  So, if and when Samsung gets these issues sorted out, and trains their support staff to help people quickly, I might upgrade the rating.

I did a lot of research before deciding on the Galaxy S4 and I've been very happy with it.  The device does have quite a few preinstalled applications but most of them are surprisingly useful. I throughly recommend this phone to anyone looking to upgrade their Android.

Love my S4! I am so glad I switched from my dying Droid Bionic to this one. It is powerful and has a long battery. It is quick and has everything that I need. I just wish it had less bloatware!

I have had this phone now for less than 24 hours, but I love it. I used to have Androids, switched to the iPhone 4S, and now I have this GS4.  The battery has held up well considering how much I have used it.  It has so many other features than my 4S and still more to offer than the new iOS 7.  I am still playing with it and figuring out all the features, but so far so good. All my contacts synced easily as well as my email and other social media. Signal is great - which I was worried about since I attend school in a very rural area. I have 4G service everywhere. Calls are clear and loud.Cons:The only complaint I have so far is that the phone is quite slick - but nothing a case won't solve. Plus, with my history of dropping phones, a case is mandatory.Pros:Everything else!Removable battery and memory sold me over the iPhone. Multiples apps running simultaneously and in split window screen.

I've been very happy with this phone so far. It's powerful and has a decent amount of on board memory for storage. the camera takes decent stills too.

Just upgraded from an ancient Droid 2.  I have to get used to the larger size but getting used to not having a slide-out keypad is not an issue at all. All of my apps automatically downloaded. I can do so much with this phone.  I only wish I had upgraded sooner.

So this phone is pretty expensive but feels very cheaply made. The screen is a good size and it seems very fast. Good camera for taking pictures. The one thing that i would suggest if you do decide to get this phone is to buy a good case that will protect for fall damage like an outer box. Thin case wont do because even if it falls a small distance and hits the wrong end it will end up costing almost the same price as buying the phone brand new (if the screen messes up might as well buy a new phone). I believe the phone is too fragile for the price that you have to pay and that is why its only 3 stars.

This is honestly the only phone I've ever had that I really LOVE.  I was disappointed that, as a Verizon customer, I had to wait longer than everyone else, but I really adore the phone and am  very happy with my decision to wait for this to come out instead of getting the S3.

I'm glad I went with the 4 instead of the 5. I've been hearing of some sensor issues with SG5 finger swipe. It came in the Samsung box with earphones and charger and sim card. I had my own, but I do like that it came with one. I love the features including dual views for picture taking. Great phone and easy to use.

I bought this phone for my daughter and she loves it! I like it so much that I will get one for myself when my contract ends on my iPhone5!!!

Phone is just okay. In many ways my Motorola Droid 3 was more functional. It allowed voice dictating of texts and emails as well as voice directed phone calls.Note that this Samsung phone DOES NOT support dictating emails only texts.RE: Sync with MS Outlook 2010 HAS BEEN REMOVED. The recent firmware upgrade (to Android 4.3) is not compatible with the Samsung syncing software Kies 2.6 The ability to sync was removed from the new version (Kies 3).  Samsung tech support told me to keep checking - they might actually put the function back in the software.For my purposes the phone is a brick without the ability to sync between my PC and the phone.BTW, I tried the Android-sync software that Verizon recommended. It is NOT free and did not work at all. It also sets up an account on the phone that requires a reset to factory settings to remove.No, I would not recommend this phone to anyone, and wish I had not purchased it.

Whats not to like about this phone, its easy to use, its fast, and the graphic display is high quality.  Ive had this phone for less than a month and everyday im learning some new capability it has

This phone is great! It has so many amazing features! Lots to learn, but it certainly has been fun! I have no regrets.

I love this phone! My daughter has the Galaxy s3, both phones are a good buy. Love, Love, Love it!

I choose this phone because it was time for an upgradeno more Obama say yes to Verizonhope I can get a call inside of a cave hee-= hee

I bought this for my wife along with my phone. The price was AMAZING and the phone is awesome. I would buy iy again for sure!

Way better than the iPhone - view and use multiple apps at the same time, amazing screen, awesome widgets, amazing photos

this phone is awesome. super clean display not too big and runs fluently. i cant dispaly html sites and any app i need in seconds. blazing fast on verizon. totally recommend to all. just make sure to buy hard case. phone feels weak compared to some others. 1 good drop may be enough to DIE....

I bought this one for my daughter and she loves it. I don't think she has put it down since. Set up was very easy. Just turn it on. Delivery was very fast. When I purchase this 5 days ago, the price dropped by $30 (early black friday deals), I called amazon up and they were more than happy to give me the difference back. Thanks amazon.

Does not charge when connected to a charger or when connected to a computer. Several online forums have complained about it.

I've owned several phones and different brands, but this one is by far the best I've ever owned. I've owned this phone for about 5 months now and do not have a single complaint about this product. The Samsung Galaxy S4 has turned me into a HUGE Samsung fan.

I have been wanting the Samsung 4, but did not want to re-new my contract with Verizon. Such a great deal and great service!

I've been an Android Samsung customer since the original Samsung S1 about 5 years ago and these phones just keep getting better and for the price we paid &#34;1 Penny!&#34; (an Amazon Promotion) it was well worth it!

great phone , tons of apps already installed, the camera is amazing ! large screen but also  easy to slip into pocket.  I have the 4 and love that so I knew this was going to be a great phone

Great phone nice camara and lasting battery love it wouldn t go back to iphone even if it was free

Thank you for the phone, it was bought as a Christmas gift to get my mother away from her flip phone and she loves it! It was shipped quickly and came in perfect condition!

Love the phone. It is perfect for all of my needs. Takes excellent pictures. Very good quality. Very happy with my purchase.

It was a 1 cent sale.  Don't be fooled, however.  Customer has to pay tax on the MSRP.  Still less than $60 all together and my daughter was pleased.  Daughter's happy, Dad's happy.

Wow, the crystal clarity and features on this phone are enormously satisfying. My first upgrade and it's the best! Thank you, Samsung.

Once I find a custom rom that I can install on this phone without bricking it I'll be able to uninstall all of the bloatware that comes on the phone...at this point, that's a lot.  Waiting for the 4.4 update...

I am so in love with this phone.  I love the many different features that the phone offers.  Awesome phone

I have had a lot of smartphones. This one has been one of the easiest phones to operate. All of my favorite apps from older phones transitioned seamlessly.  The camera on this phone runs circles around any phone on the market today, including the iphone 5. The screen resolution is awesome.  Don't listen to those who say the back of the Samsung makes it feel cheep. It does not.  I do recommend a good case for it, but I would recommend cases for all phones.  Do not even hesitate on the purchase of this phone. You will not be sorry!

I am still learning how everything works on this phone, it has so many more thing you can do with it than my old phone, but it is great

best phone out there, by far, no questions, period, finito, done, no explanation needed, iphone sucks, get this phone. now.

I love the phone, but find the voice commands and the hand commands to be a challenge. It just doesn't work for me. The only thing that is working is the hover which allows me to preview.With these exceptions I love the phone. It's slim, has decent battery life (I have to charge it at the end of the day), awesome camera features which I'm still playing with, and a lot of customizable features my old phone didn't have.

I am a Samsung fan...and this phone just builds on my opinion.  I did seriously consider switching to an iPhone when I changed carriers, but after spending some quality hands-on time with iPhones belonging to friends, I stuck with Samsung.  I love the Galaxy series; I've owned the  II and  III, and now the IV.I'm happy with my phone and happy I switched from Sprint to Verizon.

Short & Sweet REVIEW :)I've had my S4 for about 2 weeks now and LOVING it! I got my 2 year upgrade from my Droid Bionic and of course it exceeds all my expectations from my previous phone.Screen is GORGEOUS and processor is FAST! I really like the voice command and air view settings, too. Battery life IMO is comparable to all the other phones out there. I use the power saving setting and turn off the gps & bluetooth when I don't need them. No problems with linking bluetooth and speaker phone is great. Speakers are loud without muffling.My favorite thing about Android platforms is that you can customize your screens to which apps you use frequently and the addition of widgets as well. Not to mention a lot of the popular apps that are free!Everyone that complains about the plastic back-WHATEVER. 99% of you guys will get a protective case so that complaint is null and VOID. Anyone who doesn't get a protective case for a $150+ investment in my opinion deserves for their phone to get damaged or uses the bathroom on a 24 karat toilet....lucky you if you do.Yes, the screen is gorilla glass (aka tempered glass for the one's not impressed with the new name to enhance sales) but like I said, to protect my investment wisely I've opted for the Spigen Glasst nano slim protector and case which are both very complimentary to my new S4.SPIGEN SGP Samsung Galaxy S4 Screen Protector Glass Slim [GLAS.t NANO SLIM] (0.15mm) Thin Tempered Glass Screen Protector for Galaxy S IV Galaxy SIV i9500SPIGEN SGP Samsung Galaxy S4 Case Protective [Neo Hybrid] [Infinity White] Slim Fit Dual Protection Cover for Galaxy S IV Galaxy SIV i9500

so far this has worked with no incident.  I am okay with the instrument not with the cost of the plan. Disappointed they took away my unlimited data when my husband upgraded his phone not mine. Sad and bad for business, especially being so expensive I feel cheated. I had to change my instrument because it was damaged and over 2 years old heading to 4 years old.

Its very easy to use. I was able to set it up like my old phone and use it the way I am use to.

love this phone.  it works very well. i couldnt believe how cheap it was! what a deal I busted!! !

Phone operates great and is lightning fast but poorly made. Screen cracked after dropping it only one time in the grass. Back of case is thin plastic and does not seem very durable. New screen cost almost twice what I paid for the phone.

I am an android person so I am very pleased with my Samsung Galaxy 4.  I like the graphics, apps, etc.  It's easy to use.  The charge holds all day for me.  I am glad that I chose this for my mobile phone.

This is the twin of my new phone.  We are enjoying learning all of its capabilities.  It really is a computer which can be used as a telephone!

Many users have compared this phone to HTC's flagship, the HTC One, and for good reason. In a lot of ways, the phones are very similar. Quad-core beast CPUs, 2 gigs of memory, and beautiful 1080 displays. The differences lie in software, camera, build, and screen size/speakers.Software - This is a toss up between which type of Android "skin" you prefer. I flash custom roms, or at the very least custom launchers, so I choose the S4 because of the air gesture features, IR blaster, and camera software. I use NOVA Launcher Prime and it lets me change the phone however I want, and root helped remove the bloat on either phones.Camera - Lots have been discussed on the differences here. HTC uses an Ultra pixel sensor to allow for greater low light quality, and they do win here. The S4 beats it in overall quality and pixel count, allowing for amazingly clear pictures in good light settings. This will come down to how you take pictures. If you're a party animal and social butterfly, the HTC low light will be good for bars, clubs, and restaurants. If you are more into using the camera as a replacement for more expensive rigs (understanding the limits) then the S4 will be your best bet. For me, I'm a mix, and I like the built in capabilities of the S4 camera and pixel count for cropping.Build - HTC One wins, hands down. All aluminum body is gorgeous, feels cool and good against the skin, and it feels solid. The S4 uses a plastic body. The phone doesn't feel flimsy, but it does feel plasticy and this will bother some coming from the aluminum builds of HTC or Apple. I have one major caveat... cases. I put all of my gear in cases, especially phones, and so the lighter weight of the S4, mixed with a solid case, means I keep weight down, and didn't make a decision on build materials when in fact it wouldn't matter to me when I shove my phone in an Otterbox case. Also, build materials does not necessarily equal build quality.Screen/Speakers - The HTC One has higher pixel density, as it is a 1080 display shoved in a 4.7 inch screen, versus the same resolution on a 5 inch display in the S4. Either way, this is way beyond "retina" and will look absolutely phenomenal. The colors on the S4 are more vibrant and saturated, the HTC a little more real to life and muted, with great blacks and contrast. This is all personal preference. I like my phones to pop a bit, since I have my monitor at home set to very real and contrasty settings for photography and video editing and gaming, so a nice bright, colorful phone is a nice change of pace. Again, this is personal preference.  Speakers... HTC wins. No contest. The speakers are huge and front facing. While Beats audio is a huge scam and all it really means is that you have a bass-heavy equilizer setting, in this case the speakers on their own make up for it. I use a DSP pack on my S4 to allow for granular customization of my sound profiles on the S4, and I have zero desire for anything Beats, but I do wish I had a nice big front-facing speaker.So it comes down to preferences, as both phones are solid. I went with a white S4, and I absolutely love it.

Of course the one I buy for my wife's Christmas present gets hot and won't keep a charge. Seriously disappointed right now

I never thought would give up my IPhone but I am so glad I did.  this phone has a longer battery life, better screen and ease of use.  I love the notification led.  I will never go back to apple

This is the first time I ever decided to buy a brand new version of any phone, and I am very happy I did...fast, light and so easy to read all apps...!  love it!

Absolutely the best phone I have ever owned by far and bye bye iPhone, no comparision to this baby! Get one yourself and see what I mean, awesome phone.

Light weight and user friendly! The numbers are very handy.wider screen with sleeker look than i expected droid phones to be.

DON'T DO IT! The phone I received is defective, and since I purchased it from Amazon, no Verizon store can help me. Since it's a wireless deal, regular Amazon customer service can't help me. I don't have any phone or data service due to this defective device and Amazon seems incredibly unwilling to help. You get what you pay for. Buy your phone at Best Buy.

So happy w/ this smartphone.Best one I've ever had and I continue to find new great ways to use it. Smart printing, easy to use instructions, great app selection and I love the fact that I rarely have to touch the phone throughout the day as I use it.Buy it, you'll be glad you did!

The phone had all the features I was looking for in a new phone. Very light weight and so far I love it.

My wife was the one to find these SGS4s on Amazon.com for $0.01 on the Black Friday weekend deal. After Walmart didn't want to sell us SGS3 phones we went home unhappy. My wife found the SGS4s and I was excited but contacted Amazon to see if this was a scam. They assured me it wasn't. I researched and found that every year for the past few years Amazon.com offers 1 penny droids with new service contracts to the major cell phone service carriers. The delivery of the phone was within 48 business hours. Great Job Amazon.com!PS. The customer service young lady was very helpful and extremely sweet to talk to. She knew everything without a hiccup. I asked a question she immediately answered. :)

Pros : Hardware specs are great.Cons :-Phone is too big-Software is terrible. Android has so much great features, Samsung/VZW handicapped it for the "General Public". OS is filled with Verizon and Samsung bloatware. No way to remove them without rooting. Can't wait until bootloader is unlocked so I can switch to custom ROM.-There is no way to toggle between 3G/4G LTE. Sometimes if the 4G signal is very weak, you would be better off with 3G speeds. But the phone doesn't switch or allow user to switch to 3G in such cases.-There is much more.... mostly OS related. Looking forward to custom ROMs.

I love this phone. It has a big screen, wonderful aps room, great pics and it has lots of extra features.

It's fast and can handle pretty much any video quality and speed demands one could throw at it.However, it overheats like crazy when charging and when playing a game for even 20 mins.Also, the Samsung firmware isn't as intuitive as I like. There are some things left to be desired. The app drawer is difficult to edit, the homescreen/dock really needs to be more customizable.

Let me start by saying that I am a phone junkie, and this is the best phone I've ever used. I have switched from iPhone to Android and back a number of times because I'm on the fence between the flexibility of Android and the functionality of iPhone.Android gives you access to the little things, like setting vibration to &#34;off&#34; for alarms while keeping it on for incoming calls. Very little thing, I know, but I don't want my phone buzzing at me at 6 in the morning; just a gentle ring will wake me up fine. However, iPhone has always handled media much better, provides visual voicemail right in the dialer app, and is just more simple to use overall. I hadn't found an Android phone that could do these things competitively enough with iPhone... until now.This phone nearly matches iPhone in music and video functionality, and the simplicity is as close to iOS as you can get on an Android device. And yes, although I said &#34;nearly matches,&#34; because iPhone is still the king of media, having access to download and move files in memory, set preferences the way I like throughout the device, and all those other little things that iPhone users will know what I'm talking about,&#34;iPhone is the greatest, but if it could only to this...,&#34; well the Galaxy S4 can. Coupled with the fact that this phone has given me no glitches or any headaches that I had with previous android devices, and fantastic battery life due to its 2600mAh battery, This phone is a definite keeper.

My son's tech savvy college friends fell for the hype and got the new iPhone. They have compared it to the Samsung Galaxy S4, and they wish they had gotten the Samsung instead.The Galaxy S4 is more durable, having survived several drops (without a case!! - not recommended, but it was still OK), whereas friends' iPhones have had shattered screens after sliding off a bed or dropping just a couple of feet.The apps are similar (just Android), size is similar, look is similar. . . .  Get this phone.P.S. Amazon has the BEST deal out there.

After coming from a T-mobile My Touch phone... this phone is a breath of fresh air. It's easy to use, takes great pictures, and has good sound quality. The only thing I miss is that when I make appointments in my calendar for a conference call.. it doesn't let me automatically dial in like I could when I owned a Blackberry. Other than that minor complaint... I'm so glad I decided to purchase the Galaxy S4.

Verizon's version of the S4 is missing MUCH more than the same phone from any other carrier.&#34; 3 more words required.&#34;

We got three of these for a penny a piece at AmazonWireless.  Just to see what would jappen, I covered the front facing camera and got a message 2 days later that said if &#34;something&#34; on my phone wasn't working properly I should get it fixed.  They're watching!

The S4 was my second choice.  I really wanted the HTC One, but it still wasn't available for Verizon and I did not want to switch carriers.However, after living with it for more than a month now, I'm glad I got this phone.The Pros:(1) I'm not a heavy user, and I have found that I can go for three days without having to charge the phone. My last phone, a Droid X, had to be charged every night.(2) The screen is very good, and I like both the screen size as well as the high resolution.  It's even fairly readable in daylight.(3) Lots of people write negative things about Samsung's custom UI over &#34;pure&#34; Android, but I don't really notice this.  I have a Google Nexus 7 tablet which has a &#34;pure&#34; Android interface, and this phone, and I don't notice much of a difference in the UI at all. Sure, the phone's default configuration has lots of Samsung widgets taking up lots of space on several pages when you first power up the phone, but it's easy to get rid of them and replace them with apps and widgets that you actually use.  After that, there really isn't much difference between &#34;pure&#34; Android and the S4's user experience.  Given this experience, I'm glad I chose the S4 over the HTC One because the One's default home screen cannot be replaced (which is something that I would've never used).(4) The S4's storage can be increased: I bought a 64GB SDXC memory card at the same time I bought the phone. I now have nearly 80GB of storage for the phone, and I won't ever have to worry about running out of storage space.(5) The call quality is good.  And the speaker is loud enough that I no longer have to turn up the volume all the way to max in order to hear the other party.Cons:  I can't really think of any.  A lot of people say negative things about the &#34;cheap looking&#34; plastic casing, but that's part of the reason why this phone is so light.  My last phone was a Droid X, and that phone weighed more than the S4 even though it had a significantly smaller screen.  I'd rather have a lighter, plastic phone than a heavier, aluminum-casing phone.Overall, I'm very happy with the S4.  It's been a much better phone than I had expected.

screen breaks, micro usb connector port broke twice, no quality

I picked this over an iphone because of the nice big screen. My eyes aren't the best and I don't want to have to put on my glasses every time I use my phone.

We bought this phone through Amazon for Verizon Wireless. We saved $69 ea phone (we bought 2) and the activation was super easy. We received instructions through amazon and out phone in 2 days. The phone is amazing.  A little bigger then I thought but it is everything I expected it to be and more. I was torn between this and the Iphone5. In the end I chose this and I am so glad I did!

I purchased the S4 less than 30 days ago.  The phone is beautiful and feels great in the hand.  Andriod runs great and Samsung's touch wiz works well.  However, if you purchase this phone you MUST use a case, and not just any case.  Stay away from the Samsung flip cover case that they recommend.  It's useless.  I dropped my phone less than 12 inches onto a tile floor.  I picked it up seeing only a small blemish in the top right corner of the phone.  However, the internal LCD was damaged rendering my phone useless.  I have never owned a phone so fragile.  In fact I have been able to own iphones in the past with no case at all.  I hate otter box cases because of thier ugly looks and bulkyness.  However, I don't see any alternative with such a poorly built phone.I would just stay away from this phone, unless your willing to buy insurance and use the biggest amost bulky case you can find.

I EARLIER REVIEWED SO CARD BY MISTAKEI received this phone late on Friday evening and I got it set up today...I was really excited to get the phone until I try to sync it with my bluetooth In my lexus gx 460 . I tried everything to get it to sync this is a very important feature to me I will be calling Amazon and possibly Verizon to get this situation rectified ASAP.I and my family have been Verizon wireless customers for over 12 years and have also been Amazon customers as well. I just read some concerning things about this being a wide range issue. I hope the issue is resolved or I need another comparable phone as hands free bluetooth is critical to me. ..Comment|Permalink

Gre at phone!  as promised.This has got to be the best phone on the market. Even the apps are remarkable. Amazon delivered

I love this phone.  The images are crystal clear.  I love the large screen and that it is lite weight.

When I opened my box, sealed with Samsung's little plastic tape tab on the side, the box had an empty space where the wall plug and charging/sync cord were supposed to be.  The earbuds (which I never use) were there, but not the charging gear.  Sadly disappointed, because Samsung always demands they gear when attaching to pc.  I have tried several aftermarket cords, and I always get a message that I need the Samsung cord.

I did not want to give up my Galaxy Nexis because I love it, that was until I got the Galaxy s4. The S4 is twice as fast and 2x better than the Nexis. I don't know how they keep making them better but they sure have a winner in the s4.

There's no need to add anything more to this review that hasn't been said in a thousand other ones. The Galaxy line of Android phones are simply the best. Everyone comments on the photos this takes, great for any Instagramers out there.

great phone does everything i wanted and more. going from an iphone 4s to this was a no brainer. this phone has more features though it is not that different from my friends previous model

Just a simple description of &#34;I love it&#34; is all that is needed. I had a Droid RazrM for over a year before switching to the S4 andI am thoroughly convinced that I have made the right choice. The S4 is better in many ways such as the screen is larger & clearer and the processor-speed is faster.Plus there are other benefits that don't need explaining on this post as other people have already done it before me.

It's a nice phone, owned it for a while now, sometimes have issues with lag and whatnot but I think I complain just because I'm still an Apple fan. The only thing I can say is DO NOT BUY the 64gb sandisk cards for it, for some reason those cards like to stop working a bit after use, in turn losing any pictures, app, games, etc. you may have on it, and that's not just me talking, i've see countless forums with hundreds of people having the same issues, it's something to do with sandisk and samsung, still haven't figured it out and I've had the card since I bought the phone when it first came on the market, so money wasted on a card that worked for about 5 days then suddenly the phone couldn't find it.

this is my first smart phone and I couldnt be happier. my girlfriend has the iphone and it seems so small and slow compared to my phone. surprisingly fits fine in my jeans pockets too

I am an older phone user and thought I was not smart enough to adapt to a smart phone.  But I am and I did. :-)  It's simple to use (yet I'm still finding new apps and ways to simplify my usage).  I did purchase a thin case for it, and if I see the purchase come up, I will rate that five star also.  My cat knocked my phone off of my desk, but no damage.  Love this phone.

I traded my iPhone 4S in for a white galaxy S4 through Verizon a month ago (my first android) couldn't be happier.- love that I can add memory with micro SD slot (cant do that with apple)- love the carbon weave non breakable, removable plastic back shell  (the back glass on my apple cracked)- Love how easy to replace the battery, (Another thing you cant do on apple)The screen is absolutely stunning!The camera is perfect with some really nice features and effects built into its software.Battery life is good. (4 months and counting)what I don't like about this phone:The speaker is in the back.....really Samsung,in the back of the phone??Phone gets slightly over heated but hasn't caused any problems for me except im less prone to play games (which is a good thing)All in all this is really a nice phone.  far better than what the iphone 5 or 5s have to offer.Why wait for apple when Samsung has it out right now......

119 dollar Galaxy S4 AWwWwWwWwsome deal....So awesome I bought 2..Ten nine eight seven six five four three two one. Done

I was very late to join the smartphone world, so I researched phones for awhile. I have just loved this phone! Easy to use and a beauty to look at--it always gets oohs and ahhs from my iPhone user friends. The screen is incredible. It does take good pictures, and I have thought about selling my little point and shoot. There are many applications on it that I do not use, and I feel I could benefit from someone giving me a 30 minute lesson on it.A few things--the battery life is shot at the end of the day. I've gone through and turned off a lot of the battery sucking applications. There were a few things that I couldn't figure out on my own, like how to get it to not make noise every time I typed a message. And this sounds wimpy, but I have slender hands and if I have to hold the phone for long, my hands get tired.

who need review from me. all the media will gives 5 plus star for SS G S4. only problem is, I need to go to school to learn how to use all apps.

Love this phone!! So razor thin but still looking for a cover to protect it from drops!

I love this phone. I am not really up to date on the whole technology of phones now, but I do know that it takes amazing pictures. 5* pictures!! I'm not sure I recognize much of a difference between this phone and my Droid Bionic, but like I said, I'm not up to date on much of the technology of phones.

I purchase the phone for my wife, so fare she like the phone. I'll have her submit what she likes about the phone later.

I needed a new phone and had to wait until the contract was due for renewal and I an sopleased with the Samsung 4.  It has lived up to be all that I needed in 1 phone; Would highly recommendthis phone for the person on the go and the smart phone connoisseur.

The phone does everything we expect from modern smart phones, buttery smooth and super fast. But the TV/Cable remote function is the greatest thing since caned beer. I don't need a coffee table full of remotes any longer.

Anyone from newbie to advanced user, this is the most advanced phone out there right now. No other phone can even come close to this thing.

Loved by my son.  Can't live without.  Vast improvement over the Droid he had. Combined with the black cover, this combo is &#34;beast&#34;.

I've had this phone for only a few weeks and it's been nothing but problems. I'm experiencing constant app crashes, including Chrome, Gmail, even the keyboard has crashed. Clearing the cache seems to help but it's a temporary fix, after a while the apps are back to crashing every few seconds. I don't know if it's a Samsung or an Android problem but right now I wouldn't buy another product from either.

The phone has great features.  I love this phone 1000 times more than my previous iphone.Unfortunately, the screen breaks easily.  I am not talking from dropping the phone.  It is from stress cracks.  The phone cannot be put in your pocket safely.  The phone cannot withstand any kind of stress without cracking the screen.I was going to buy a second phone for my daughter, but there is no way I would trust this phone with a teenager.Great technology from Samsung, terrible durability.

This a great little cell phone.  I was disappointed with Verizon&#8230;they stopped unlimited data.  They don&#8217;t even give you enough free data to download a movie.

Gave it to my wife for Christmas - she loves it!  She has already used it in Europe and it worked great.

I was looking for a phone that would function as a mini laptop to keep all of my information at the touch of a finger.  When I saw the promotion that Amazon Wireless was offering through Verizon it helped make the decision easier.  The phone was at my door in 24  hours and was easy to set up.  With its back to back transfer I easily set up my husband's phone also.For those that what convenience at their finger tips this is the phone for you.

I was thinking about buying the iPhone 5, but after making comparisons i decided to go with the galaxy s4. The S4 definitely has a lot more features and customizations than Apple's IOS. I won't write a lengthy review because there are some already that are well informative about the device.Note (if you don't know already because i didn't!):- You need a SIM card from Verizon. i thought i could easily active this through my online account, but you require a SIM card to activate the device. Verizon probably could send you a SIM card for free before you purchase this phone. but you'll have to ask. I personally headed down to my local verizon store and got everything done. I think the phone didn't come with a SIM card because i purchased it without a service plan. If i did, then i guess it would have.

Great phone!  Fast and reliable

LOVE this phone.Had the S3 and upgraded to the S4 without knowing how much more I would love it.A lot of simple and great changes made with this product.You can't go wrong here!

This phone is a piece of junk. I bought it 2 month back and this phone has hair line crack all over the screen even though it never fall and there is no scratch on the phone anywhere. The height of Samsung's limited warranty is that they want to charge $200 for repair. I will never suggest to try this phone but if you really want to try make sure you buy third party insurance too.

This is hands down the fastest phone I have ever had.  It is incredibly well designed.  Buttons are slightly protruded & raised just high enough that you don't bump them on all the time.  The screen is clear & bright with little things like not automatically adding Facebook contacts like most do.  There is absolutely nothing that I do not love about it!  I love it more every day - especially the battery life as a heavy phone user.  I also love that battery being so quick to charge!!!

This is a very solid phone packed with features. You may not use all the features, but will appreciate the ones you do. Appearance is good as the phone is decently thin and pleasing to the eye. For those complaining about the metal band or the plastic backing, please stop. 99% of you will get a phone case that will hide it forever. Why care about what something looks like that you'll never look at.The only thing I would be weary of is the learning curve. Both my parents got this as their first smart phone. It's trying to teach them how to use a smart phone in general that is tough, but it seems this phone can get a bit overwhelming for some. I know when I transitioned from my Incredible 2, I was trying to adjust to everything. Once you do though, the phone is great. I can't complain about much. Battery life is decent and the battery is replaceable, which is nice. Screen is bright and colorful. I know you can get these phones pretty cheap now because the S5 is out, but this phone is definitely worth getting for its now low price and features/capabilities. Also, I've heard some mixed reviews about the S5, so it may be safe to stick with a phone you know will work.

I had been an iPhone owner for years! iPhone 3, iPhone 4s, iPhone 5s lately. After my iPhone 5s fell on the ground and broke I had to decide on which replacement phone to get. While I always liked iPhones (or well, was quite used to them), I felt like I needed a change. I was never a fan of anything Android, I didn't like their tablets or phones, but then I decided to give it a try with Galaxy s4. This is my first week using it and it's pretty amazing! While it took me awhile to figure out some features and settings I absolutely love it now! Its highly customizable - I made it look exactly how I was used to having it: apps arranged in the order I want, great camera settings, amazing video quality. It's a great phone and I'm very happy I made the change. Will I ever go back to iPhone - not sure, Apple needs to make a LOT of improvements to make me want to go back to being their customer.

Lots of features,  Can't figure out why it is mowing thru data like crazy.  Verizon will want to sell you pricey data. Protest if it looks like you are gobbling data. Note early how it  adds up day by day!  They can accommodate you.  Will you be able to afford data for all this phone can do?  Be careful getting tied into a contract wi Verizon. I gave up unlim data-they insisted-in order to upgrade. Check out Millenicom.com, no contract service, using Verizon's towers --the tech calls it Verizon &#34;footprint&#34;.  Maybe buy a phone outright. Nothing wrong wi the phone itself.  Hotspot works great.

My first smart phone. Am still learning how to use it. Hard to believe it does almost as much as my computer

This phone is such an improvement over my old Thunderbolt. The battery lasts for about 48 hours.  It recharges in an hour. The phone has amazing capabilities, some of which I am still figuring out.  Best purchase I have made in a long time.

My wife love this phone... Its very user friendly and, in her opinion, amuch better the the IPhone 4s... Easier to use and better features...

Hasn't been the best upgrade for me. The options on the device are awesome, however this device had a few issues when it came to function. It kept dropping off of wifi consistently. I eventually return for a like new replacement. We will see how this one works out.

Love this phone.  Upgraded from an iphone & will never go back.  I have barely used my Kindle since I got this phone.  It does everything!

While the GS4 is a very good product, but if you sign up for Verizon service be prepared for the worst voice mail experience available. Verizon's service with the GS4 is like going back to a land line voice mail where you have to scroll through your entries one at a time. I am sure the only reason they do this is to coerce customers to pay for their visual voice mail at a few bucks per month. At the end of my service contract on 4 phones (family) , I will not be using Verizon afterwards.

Ok I purchased my S4 almost four months ago and for the last month I have returned to Verizon 4 times the phone continues to register no Sim card, they have even replaced the sim. This is ridiculous! Now Im told they will replace it with a refurbished phone, really again ugh.

Nice phone. Not worth the price. Phone call quality is poor in comparison to a Motorola product. Bluetooth connection is very poor.

Before I picked up my Galaxy S4, I had the Galaxy Note II. I put my Note II up for sale online before my S4 was supposed to arrive, and it sold around two weeks before the S4 was supposed to be released, so for the two weeks before my S4 arrived, I had been living with a Droid X. Keep this in mind during my review, as my findings may have been slightly tainted by the fact that the S4 is such a massive upgrade from the Droid X, which I can hardly consider to be a "modern phone" anymore. Anyway, I'd like to go through the S4's hardware (screen, construction, camera, internals) then its software and any miscellaneous things I hadn't mentioned so far.ScreenThe Galaxy S4's screen is unbelievably high quality. It is a 4.99" 1920 x 1080 panel, and colors are extremely sharp and vivid. Text looks fantastic, and because the resolution is so high, I haven't had a problem decreasing the font size to fit more information on my display. The display is 441 pixels per inch; in comparison, the S3's is 308 ppi, a 43% increase! The screen is a massive improvement from the S3 or the Note II. Super AMOLED HD panels like this one make colors really pop, which isn't a problem for me, but some people prefer to have a more realistic/neutral panel on their phones. There is a display setting that you can adjust to make the screen more neutral though, which should help alleviate any issues people have with the S4's standard setup.Physical Construction/Phone ExteriorThe Galaxy S3 was said by Samsung to be inspired by nature, so they made it with very curved sides like a pebble. With the S4, this mantra is refined a little bit. There is a metallic band that circles the phone's sides, and the swooping curves of the S3's back are straightened out a little. The result looks significantly more sophisticated and "grown up" than the S3. The back of the phone has a "Hyperglaze" finish with a light pattern printed on it, which is interesting but not distractingly so. The pattern is not very easy to see unless you hold the phone close to you or at an angle from a light source. I chose the white S4 because I think white may hide scratches and scuffs better than black, but both colors are enticing.  One thing I am happy about is that this phone doesn't have Verizon's garish logo plastered right onto the home button like it was on the Note II. Make no mistake though, Verizon's version of the S4 still has a jumbo Verizon logo as well 4G LTE one on the phone's back. I would definitely get a replacement back without these ugly logos if I didn't use a case.The volume, power, and home buttons are all substantially upgraded from Samsung's previous phones. They have a nice satisfying click, they don't wobble, and they are easy to feel without looking. I especially like the fact that the S4's home button is in the middle of the bottom bezel, instead of at the bottom like it was in the S3. Speaking of bezels, this phone has practically none. This phone feels like all screen basically, which explains how Samsung got a 4.99" screen into a body that is actually slightly smaller than the S3's body (which had a 4.8" screen), making it the smallest ~5" 1080p phone in the world! Even though the S4 is larger than an iPhone, it feels much more compact due to the great use of space and tiny bezels.A few more things: the S4 feels very light, but the metallic band around the phone makes it feel sturdy. Also, the screen is covered in Gorilla Glass 3 - although you probably can't scratch it with your keys, I still wouldn't recommend dropping it a lot. I bought a soft touch plastic case on Amazon from Elago for my S4 and I really like it, as it keeps the phone more protected while not making it look like an ugly brick. I still love how the power button is on the side of the S4 (unlike phones like the HTC One or the iPhone 5), as it feels like a much more natural position for turning the phone on and off when in your hand.InternalsThe Galaxy S4 has a quad core Snapdragon 600 processor and 2 GB ram, and in my time so far, I still haven't seen any of the occasional lag I felt when I tried a S4 out at AT&T; (maybe this is what took Verizon an extra month in releasing the S4). The international version of the phone has 8 cores - a low powered quad core processor for idling and a high powered quad core processor for doing more intensive tasks. I'm a little disappointed that the U.S. didn't get that processor, but the Snapdragon 600 is no slouch. Regardless, I have gotten fantastic LTE service everywhere I've visited with the S4 so far.The S4 comes with a 13 MP camera (although its set to take 9.6 MP photos by default). This camera is definitely an upgrade from anything else on the market. Not only does it capture a huge amount of detail in photos, but the software has so many useful features too. There are plenty of different modes to take pictures with, but the ones I've really played with and enjoyed are Drama Shot and Animated Photo Mode. Drama Shot basically takes a series of pictures and then stitches them together, which is useful when the subject is moving. I took a picture of my brother doing a flying kick on the lawn and it looks fantastic. The Animated Photo Mode is great, too - essentially, the S4 takes a series of shots and plays them sequentially in one image, like a gif. You can then choose which parts of the photo to animate and which to keep still. It may sound confusing, but it's actually relatively intuitive and fun when you try it out. I have seen comparisons between the S4 and the HTC One criticizing the S4's low light performance, so I tested it out for myself. On Auto mode, with the auto night detection off, the S4's photos in low light look poor. However, in Night mode, the photos improve immensely. Overall, the One's low light quality is better than the S4's, but the S4's camera is much better in all other situations. Of course, the "better camera" depends on each person's use for it, but unless you take most of your pictures in the dark, it probably makes sense to go for the S4's camera, which captures quite a bit more detail at all other times and is still decent in the dark. As a side note, the front facing camera is 2 MP, which is a slight upgrade from the 1.9 MP camera in the S3.Like the S3 and the Note II, the S4 comes with a removable battery (2600 mAh) and a Micro SD card slot. I immediately put in my 64 GB card I got on Amazon and now I have plenty of space to store my photos, videos, and music. I haven't yet purchased a spare battery, but it is nice to know I have the option to do so if I want.The S4 comes with approximately 1 million sensors - to name a few, an accelerometer, a temperature gauge, a barometer, two proximity sensors, an RGB notification light, two mics, and even more. One of my favorite things about Android is the notification light; you can instantly tell when your phone has an unread message or other notification. I haven't had a problem with any of the phone calls I've made with my S4, so clearly the noise canceling second mic is doing its job.SoftwareI think that Android has always had more features than iOS but that iOS has always had more polish to it. After Ice Cream Sandwich and Jelly Bean, I no longer find this to be true. Jelly Bean looks fantastic, and it is also very feature-rich. iOS on the other hand has stagnated. I owned the original iPhone and the iPhone 4, and other than the increased resolution (and the ability to add home screen backgrounds), the software on both phones looks practically identical. iOS, although once groundbreaking, now looks positively gaudy, with many of its apps containing over-the-top skeumorphic design - Game Center and Podcasts come to mind as particularly egregious examples. Android now offers a nice, clean interface that has finally caught up to iOS in terms of visual flair.Jelly Bean isn't the massive overhaul that Ice Cream Sandwich was, but it definitely has some nice new features that I enjoy using. By long pressing on the home button and clicking on the Google icon, you can get to Google Now. Here, Google combines information that it already knows about you into sets of "cards" that appear throughout the day at (hopefully) the most helpful time. For instance, when I bought a case and screen protector, there was a card that told me that my package had shipped with UPS two day shipping, and it gave me the option to track it or viewa the confirmation email from Amazon. Google Now also tells you the local weather for the next three days, traffic home from work and other frequently visited places, and sports scores for your favorite teams. In addition, by saying "Google" or pressing the speech button while in Google Now, you can use Google's enhanced voice actions. Here, Google uses its algorithms to answer questions about people and places. You can ask it math questions, set alarms, send texts, call people, and do a ton of other things. Somehow, Google has done something to make these voice searches incredibly quick and accurate, often much more so than Apple's voice assistant Siri. If you want to see a funny video of the two compared, search on YouTube for "Google Search vs. Siri App Judgment" and skip to 3:31 in the video, it really shows how well Google's voice recognition algorithm works. Another feature introduced in Jelly Bean is expandable/actionable notifications. When I get a text message, I can drag down with one or two fingers on the notification to expand it to see the entire message. This also works with emails and many other types of notifications, as long as the developer has enabled it.The Galaxy S4 runs Jellybean, aka Android 4.2.2., which is currently the most up to date Android version. It has a layer designed by Samsung that overlays Jellybean called Touchwiz, which has its pros and cons. In my opinion, pure, unmodified Jellybean looks significantly better than Touchwiz, but Touchwiz adds some pretty fantastic features that aren't present in stock Jellybean. It would be impossible to mention all the features present on this phone, but I will try to go over the most significant ones.Multi Window: by holding the back button for a few seconds, multi window opens (or closes), allowing you to select and open two different apps simultaneously. One thing I really like doing is watching a video on YouTube while browsing on Chrome or sending a text.Smart Stay/Rotation/Pause/Scroll: Smart Stay keeps the screen on while you're looking at it, which is useful if you do a lot of reading. Smart Rotation stops the screen from rotating along with the phone if it senses your face rotating along too (like if you're laying down in bed). Smart Pause pauses a video if you look away. Smart Scroll scrolls up and down by either tilting your head or tilting the phone up and down. Of course, these features don't work if the front facing camera can't see your face, so that limits their applicability in some situations.Gestures: there are a huge number of gestures built into the phone. You can wave up or down to scroll in the browser, you can wave to answer a call or change songs, you can swipe your palm across the screen to take a screenshot, and you can put the phone up to your ear to start a call while in the messaging app.Air View: this lets you preview messages, images, and other things in many of the built in apps by hovering your finger over them. It used to only work with the S Pen on the Note II, but now it can sense your finger, too.Lock screen applications: I like these because they let you jump to an app right from the lock screen.Swipe to call/text: In the dialer or contacts apps, you can swipe in one direction on a contact to call them and in the other to text them. This seems so simple, but it is extremely convenient.Final WordsAlthough the Galaxy S4 doesn't deviate too far from the S3's look, it has been completely redesigned internally and has also received a whole set of new software features. It will probably take me several weeks to evaluate the S4's battery life, but I will try to update this review with any further comments I may have. I have only had my S4 for a few days, but these are my impressions so far. If you have any questions, feel free to comment and ask me. The S4 is a fantastic phone and I have no qualms recommending it to anyone.

Believe it or not, this is my 1st smart phone... A learning curve to say the least but well worth it! I have had little to no issues with the apps I have added or the ones that came with it. Zero dropeed calls and no freezing up. I would purchase for my family if they were eligable for upgrades.

I needed a new phone and with all the hype about this one I thought it would be a perfect fit for me.  First off the good.  The phone is super fast and has a great camera.  The bad is that the phone is super flimsy and needs to have a protective case which doubles it's thickness.  The buttons are super sensitive and poorly laid out.  This phone really needs a dedicated button for the camera.  The worst part is all the invasive bloatware!  I was able to delete a few, and disabled another 18 or so, but they still take up space.  There are another 1/2 dozen or so that can not be deleted or disabled.  You can force stop them but every time you turn on the phone they are re enabled.  The worst is Allshare Cast which takes up a lot of space and battery power. I do not have that this "dongle" so I should not be forced to have the software for it running on my phone.  Also Verizon has a ton of paid services that turned on themselves, but thankfully Verizon gave us a credit and I was able to disable them.  (I wanted them to be deleted but they said "too bad so sad you are stuck with them.") If it were not for the bloatware I would give this phone 3 1/2 stars, but because of the bloatware I give it one.

Very pleased how quickly it arrived and how easy it was to add a line through my Verizon provider. We will buy more phones this way. Way faster and cheaper than going to the Verizon store.

This is the best of android offerings. I really liked it but it gets 4 star because I could not seem to type proper on a touch screen keyboard. I got the black berry Q10 and I can now hammer out some email like it's no one's business! Auto correct free at last!

Perfect phone for my kids. Spent no dollars for this phone during the Black Friday sales.Love it!This is the best phone ever I had before and Samsung wasn't disappointed me.
