
I used to use the Samsung Galaxy S2, S1, HTC Inspire, Samsung Infuse, Nokia Lumia 920, and several other smartphones. I switched to the LG Optimus G E-970 (previous version) and fell in love with LG's Optimus interface and incredibly strong hardware specs. Any problems I EVER had with the phone were fixed by software issues (uninstalling a bad app, doing a factory reset, etc). The phone was extremely reliable. The only reason I bought a new phone (the E-980 Optimus G Pro) was because I dropped my E-970 and shattered the screen. I have never, ever loved a phone as much as this one. The amount of screen real estate is incredible, having a removable battery now is a big, big plus...even with how powerful the battery is (3,140 mAh), the included charger is FAST. I plug it in for 10 minutes and it'll have charged between 30-50%, and with smart usage of screen brightness and what apps are running in the background, the battery life is soooo great. My girlfriend has the Galaxy S3, and I wouldn't trade my phone for hers ever. She'll have to pry it from my cold, dead hands. The only downside is how slow LG is to release firmware updates. Thankfully, their software is extremely solid and bug-free so it's not a huge impact, and if you really really need to have the latest Android AOSP, you can always root it and go for a custom ROM.

This is one of the most underrated phones on the market today I have had the phone for about 2 weeks and I am absolutely loving it! It has a blazingly fast processor, a big high resolution screen and is an absolute joy to own. I looked at several phones including the Galaxy S4, Galaxt Note II (being a previous Galaxy S2 owner) and could not find a phone that met all my needs and at such an affordable price. I don't know why LG does not advertise this phone more aggressively. They are honestly doing themselves a disservice by not advertising this phone more aggressively.One of the best parts about this phone is its amazing battery life. It can last a whole day (8-10 hours) with fairly heavy use and 2 days if you use the phone for mostly calls and occasional email checking.So if you're in the market for a phablet size phone and really have no use for a stylus (hint: despite Samsung's insistence unless you're an artist, you don't) this is the best phone you can buy right now. And at $19.99 on contract, you really cannot go wrong!

Pro'sDisplay. A well balanced, not overly saturated but not dull either. The absolute highlight of this device. It's a 5.5&#34; full HD delight.Processor. Fast. I mean it doesn't hesitate. No worries about Android lag here. Same Snapdragon 600 as the HTC One and the S4.Battery life. I CAN kill it in 10 hours, but that's 2 hours of talk, 2 hours of web browsing, 50 emails a day, 100 texts a day. Normal users won't get through 50% in day.Sound quality. I'm referring to ear piece quality is exceptional. Actually has a nice deep sound, not hollow.Home button. Love the notification led ring around it.ConsSpeaker phone function. Meh...it's just ok.  Not horrible, but a phone this size would of been killer with stereo speakers.Home button. I suppose I'm just not used to a physical home button anymore, but I also don't like the travel and feedback.Accessories. Not much out there. At least compared to Galaxy and iPhone.Overall impressions.I did play around with the S4 and the One. They are awesome devices. This is right up there. I wanted a larger screen than the One. The S4 LED display for me is just to saturated and even though there is setting to tone it down, the G pro display is perfect. Again personal preference. For me this is perfect balance of size, power and performance.

I bought this phone recently due it's reviews and I also played around with it at an ATT store before purchasing. I will be as honest as I can be so that people can get an accurate review. My first impression was that the screen on this thing is absolutely amazing. I have compared many other smart phones screens, and this phone has one of the best. Big, bright and crisp. HD content is out of this world. Sometimes I feel like I'm not even holding a phone. Build quality is excellent. The bezel around the phone is super thin, making it smaller to hold.You can feel that it's a nice and sturdy phone. Battery life is excellent. I don't know what phone the other reviewers had when they said that this battery is not that good. It is excellent and lasts a very long time. I'm a somewhat heavy user and it lasts me all day. The speaker on this phone is bad, but not horrible. It's too pitchy with it's sound. But it is satisfactory. Placement of the speaker is on the rear, so if you are playing music, you can't lay it on its back. LG should have placed the speaker in a diff area on the phone. Camera is pretty decent. Takes good quality shots. When I compared to my other phones, it was not as detailed, but still very good. Auto focus was a little slower as well. Video is excellent. Video was nice and clear with great 1080p. LG's UI is very good. I could find everything I needed without any issues. I don't know why people were bashing it. It's simple and easy to use. Everything is layed out just fine. The phone has quick memo and lets you write on the screen with your finger just like the Note, but without a stylus. To be honest, I'b prob never pull that stylus out anyway. Much easier with your finger. Phone can multi task and you can move your applications around on the screen (resize, transparency) as you wish. This phone has so many options in its user interface that it's crazy. Call quality is excellent. The home button is a little too thin for my taste, but my fingers go used to it. All of the other buttons where just fine and I am able to find them quite easily. The phone has 32GB of onboard storage and an Micro SD slot to expand for 64GB more. More than enough space than you will ever need. There is no lag on this phone at all. Its processor is super fast. You can tell right away when you launch apps and use things on it. It also has an IR Blaster to control your TV and cable boxes. I have to say that the IR blaster was super easy to set up. Literally less than a minute. I thought the phone would be too big, but I got used to it. I had no issues using it with one hand. In conclusion, I must say that this phone is excellent. For the money, you will not find anything even close to it. I picked up my iPhone 5 after a few days of using this LG Pro, and I could not believe how superior it was to it. I'm a stubborn Apple guy and didn't want to switch from Apple. When I looked at my iPhone it really felt ike I was looking at an ancient outdated phone. One you get one, you will see what I mean. You will not go back to Apple. Again...The 1080P screen on this phone is AMAZING! Although the Note 3 has slightly better specs, this phone comes very close with its beautifull screen and IMO and it's screen is better since it's an IPS. Plus it's like 200-300 cheaper. If your on the fence on this phone, don't worry. Buy it! You will not regret it one bit. This phone has not been advertised as much as Samsung and Apple, but it should have been. I'm really suprised more people don't know about this phone. I only found this phone because of the CNET reviews. If it had a better speaker, I'd give it a 5 rating. It's a great great phone.

This is an amazing phone. First off awesome camera for taking video. It has made my life much easier to capture videos for my kids. I don't have to worry about carrying a handycam. It is as good as camcorder except for when you want to zoom. Still photos are good too.i was very skeptical about the size. But now I am so much used to it, that when I take any other phone in hand, they feel very small.Excellent display, big 5.5. It is pretty light. And battery lasts all day with moderate use (12 hours). Wifi and 4g is ultra fast. GPS is very accurate (I use GPS app for walking/runnning etc).What else do you want from any phone? Andriod is becoming more and more stable, and bettery apps are coming in. App crashes are very low now.And it saves me from Apple, who wants money for everything. I love this phone and feels like the best purchase and past few months. It has all the specs of Galaxy 4, with a much bigger and better screen. Got it for just 100 bucks with 2 year plan. AT&T; could be better at data plans. $20 for just 300 mb and $30 for 3 GB, doesn't make sense. Just a way to rip customers.LG has done an amazing job!

Bought this device to replace my Galaxy Note II due to the impressive 1080p screen and 13mp camera, in addition to the other small software touches it has, such as pop-up text messaging, etc.Could not be more impressed with this product as it is clearly the best (and my first) LG smartphone. The battery life equals if not exceeds that of my Note II. It charges super quick to be such a big battery. The speed at which the phone performs has been great. The customizable button on side is a plus.In addition you have the ability to change the look of stock icons if desired. I have owned this phone since launch on ATT and it is the first (Non-Nexus device) that I haven't had to apply a custom launcher to (yet). The Home button LED is icing on the cake as it is bigger and more noticeable than competitive devices!

I have owned this phone since the day it came out, and I still love it. The screen quality is amazing and the large size allows for so much content on the screen. Coming from iPhone into Android I was amazed by the ability to do so much more work on my phone than before. I also love watching videos on this large screen. Sadly no otterbox cases are available for this phone so be verrry careful about not dropping it!Camera is great, images are so good that I barely use my DSLR any more. Only drawback is speaker quality. While it is loud, the music sounds somewhat tinny. I do love the ambient noise suppressor though, even in noisy places people can hear me clearly on the speaker phone. Just remember though if that's enabled you have to speak directly into the mic or people will have trouble hearing you even in quiet locations.

Hey. I just purchased this phone and have been using it for a month.I loved the phone, its speed and overall features.Its prized optimally compared to some other phablets which are expensive.Some things I liked.screen size, Screen quality, software, camera features,consAT&T; network and lack of a dedicated stylusBottomline: awesome cheap high-end phone.

The LG Optimus Pro was the best phone I had ever had. Entirely wonderful except the size. It is so big that it doesn't fit completely in any pocket. When I got it, I thought, &#34;I am going to lose this because it will fall out of my pocket.&#34; Sure enough, a few days ago, the one time I wasn't neurotic about making sure it was still in my pocket, it fell out and was lost forever. If it had been even a half an inch smaller, I would have been able to fit it in my pocket and it wouldn't have gotten lost. It's also too big to type on with one hand because it's so top-heavy and cumbersome that when you hold it in one hand (which you can hardly do unless you have gorilla hands) and tap anything on the top of the keyboard with your thumb, the phone falls out of your hand. If I wanted a tablet-sized phone, I would get a tablet, but I want a phone-sized phone. I would like to continue buying LG products, however, I cannot go through losing my phone for such a stupid reason ever again.

Let me begin my saying I'm a iphone 5 user. I got really bored with it. I thought after the new iOS I'd like it more, well I was still bored! I originally ordered a galaxy s3 because it was a penny. I got the phone and I liked it, but the S voice wouldn't work and the battery was horrible. Then I noticed the lg phone. Everywhere I looked the reviews were great on this phone. I decided I'd give it a try. This phone is amazingly fast and it has the right amount of features. It doesn't have all those gimmicky features that the s4 has. It also has a min amount of bloat ware. The battery life is great! Overall it's a very solid device!!!! I wanted the white but they have it listed for 20 bucks more, so I got the black. This phone is like not really advertised nor marketed, but TRUST ME it's a AWESOME phone. I'm so picky about phones and when I get a new phone I play with it for hours and hours to make sure it works properly! It passed my test with flying colors!!! Try it out

Sleek, fast, sexy and practical as well.  This phone handles all of my daily needs and wants for texting, photos (the camera takes fantastic pictures), gaming, surfing the web, etc.I did a lot of research trying to decide what phone I wanted to upgrade to and I am not disappointed.  It reboots in less than thirty seconds where my old phone took over five minutes to restart and boot.  I'm very happy with this purchase.

I originally want to get white one.but black one is also nice.so fast and wide display. and especially so clear and bright and vivid display.wonderful.and good price now.I think g pro better than iphone and s4.

This is by far the Best equipment surprise I have had in years!I'm in business. With an active social life. I until May, thought I needed an itablet as well as an Apple. Though I dislike Apple for their theft of a former employer's ip ( XEROX) .My former phones were Androids. Sooo.I lined up 4 phones for my"interview". The Note ii. The S4. The HTC One, and LG GPro.The winner was and is:Fast. Non laggy. Multi- Tasking.  A Beaut of a screen. Just gorgeous. And big without being Samsung big and unwieldy. Decent battery. And ps....... I STILL say i don't need a tablet. My Business is on 24/7. Late nite I watch Scandal, The Good Wife, et cetera on my G Pro, without missing my TV. Not too big. Definitely not too small. Just right. 5.5 inches of quietly brilliant screen & speed. Efficiency. All for less than$100. Value. And almost love. Hmmmm. Biz 1st ;)

I am 60 years old & had a bunch of different phones & this is the best by far. large, sharp contrast, easy to use, & battery life is unbelievable, large size may be an issue for some people, but I love it. Great Phone, speaking into the mic for text mess. is the best, it prints text on the screen just about as fast as you speak

The only time this phone has lagged for me is when I'm downloading/updating multiple apps and when I'm playing an emulator of a higher end gaming system than a ps1 . for example, a nindo DS emulator will no doubt lag.this phone runs any emulator game PlayStation 1 or below flawlessly.it opens, and closes apps extremely hastily and has a refreshingly fast feel to it.the choice between this and a galaxy of any kind is obvious.LG kicked butt on this one.

I had an IPhone that got damaged.  Searched for a couple of weeks on the internet and followed up in stores demo using choices I narrowed my replacement selections to and chose the LG Optimus G Pro.  I'm extremely happy with this choice and know I won't miss the IPhone.  The size of the phone was a concern at first but I quickly adapted.  As for features it doesn't lack at all.  My wife just before I got this LG upgraded to an IPhone and she likes her phone but it was love before she got to play around with mine....she love the LG now!!

The LG Optimus G Pro is a well-rounded device, despite it's software quirks. I'm not saying the phone is slow by any means, in fact it is very responsive, but I am saying that LG's skin for Android is a bit messy at times.  I am a fan of stock Android, and like to install roms such as Cyanogenmod or AOKP if the device does not ship with stock. Unfortunately, the development for the G Pro is somewhat non-existent.  For the average user though, the phone is great and I recommend it.

While I really enjoy all the fun things this phone can do, I don't like the sound quality when I actually need to use it as a telephone.  The receiver is at the tip top and I have to hold the phone just right in order to hear the person on the other line.  The other people also tell me that the quality of my voice coming through isn't that great.Oh well, I guess I will just have to keep texting and emailing.

LG phones are very underrated since they don't have the same big brand name recognition like Samsung, HTC, or Nokia. But they do something to their android phones that the big boys don't. They leave it pretty much stock like how it is suppose to be. Their UI is so minimal and makes sure the phone is not a lagging mess.The Optimus G Pro is in the phablet category and it performs way better than the Galaxy Note II. Less weight, heft, and not as wide just tall. The battery life is phenomenal and basically you want this phone then a Galaxy Note II. It is superior to the Galaxy Note II in every way.Screen - Beautiful and accurate colors with lots of detail. The Galaxy note II can't touch this screenProcessing - No lag and the CPU is vastly superior to a lot of phones including the Galaxy Note IIRam - Same 2GB like most high end phonesStorage - Comes with 32Gb on board. Not even the Galaxy Note II comes with that much on board.Sound - Hands down greatCamera - 13mp with dual record and dual cameraIR Sensor - can control other household electronics from the phone.QSlide - multi tasking at its bestJust a phone built for that person that doesn't want Samsung Touchwiz or HTC Sense UI enhancement that just slows a phone down and makes it lag like all get out.Did I mention that it has Qi charging built into the phone for out the box ready use to wirelessly charge.

I just bought the white version of this phone a few days ago from ATT, out of contract and unlocked for $400. I went straight to T-mobile and got a much cheaper unlimited no-contract plan with 4G LTE working just fine. I love this phone! I've been an HTC fan, with their beautiful skins, for many years, but the limited screen size and storage on their recent offerings almost had me buying a Samsung Note 2. I'm glad I researched and found the cheaper, yet better spec'ed Optimus Pro instead. I would have loved a better quality camera, no custom android skin, stylus, and different button placements, but all the other tech attributes at this price is simply awesome. Sure, the upcoming Note 3 is better, but way too expensive and while the rumored Nexus 5 might be a tad cheaper, it probably won't have a 5.5" screen and certainly won't have upgradable memory and batteries. I just wish there were more cases available for this unknown and underrated LG phablet...

I bought this phone at my AT&T; store to replace my broken Motorola Atrix 4G (which was an excellent phone).  The LG Optimus G Pro is a better phone IMHO (In My Honest Opinion, for those who are new to the internet.  May I be the first to greet you.)  The screen is significantly bigger, the interface more intuitive for both advanced and new users, and the processor is very fast, allowing for games, videos, and music to stream and play with almost no interruptions.  It has a built-in temperature control element (something the Atrix 4G lacks) that will temporarily adjust settings to prevent the phone from crashing.  This has happened only once since I've had the phone, and I play a lot of graphically intense games.  The phone doesn't natively support Flash, but there is a third-party app to fix this problem (ie not available from the Play Store).  My wife, who is not used to using smartphones, found this phone much easier to use than the Atrix 4G.  The larger screen is much easier on the eyes when watching movies or TV shows, and for following GPS directions.  It has plenty of internal storage, plus a slot for microSD cards to further expand your storage capabilities.  The camera takes excellent quality pictures, and the camcorder takes great HD video.  It only has digital zoom, not optical zoom, meaning that zoomed-in pictures or video will be slightly to moderately pixelated.  The battery life will last you a very long time when not in constant use.  For heavy users like I am, it will last you for most of the day on one charge.  If only my mobile data was as unlimited as the battery!Only one tiny, winey, iddy, biddy, little software flaw:  Your butt can now dial 911!  In an attempt to make emergency calls easier to make, they've made it possible to butt-dial 911.  At the lock screen, you press and hold the emergency button for only 2 seconds, then press the 911 speed dial.  Something that can easily happen in a pocket.  Or with a toddler, for that matter.  For this reason, I give it four stars instead of 5.  The solution?  Buy a phone case that can cover up the screen while not in use.  Yes, it is that simple.  Thankfully, it is not a crime to butt-dial 911, or I would be serving lots of jail time right about now.  On the other hand, maybe the problem is my big fat %%% and not the phone.

The G Pro is an amazing device. Finally, the hardware technology and software maturity have come together in a device like this. It is really a pocket computer, tablet, and phone in one package. With Android Jelly Bean and Google Now plus all the great available apps, the G Pro is a secretary and personal assistant that fits in your pocket! The LG Optimus G Pro is breathtakingly fast, faster and less laggy than my friends GS4. The IPS LCD display is beautiful and viewable from very wide angles. It's also bright enough for viewing in direct sunlight. The viewing experience is closer to watching an HDTV at home; more so than Samsungs AMOLED displays. At 5.5 inches the display is just big enough to really enjoy web surfing and movies. I have a full 96GB of SSD equivalent "hard drive" space since I added a 64GB SDXC Class 10 micro-SD card:Komputerbay 64GB Class 10 UHS-1 Grade 1 70MB/s MicroSDXC Pro Memory Card using Samsung NAND with Komputerbay SD Adapter. Meanwhile, the wireless and 4G LTE data transfer rates are fantasic, and I'm getting a full day of heavy use with the 3,140 mAh battery. Add the camera, NFC, sensors, and IR blaster, and it's just icing on the cake. In fact, the LGs camera and video performance are so good that let's hope no one like "Anthony Weiner" gets a hold of the G Pro!The Optimus G Pro with it's 5.5 inch screen is really at the comfortable limit for a pocketable device. A fairly good assortment of cases and screen protectors are also becoming available for the G Pro. I just ordered a 9H hardness tempered glass screen protectorArmorz Stealth Extreme R Tempered Glass for LG Optimus G Proand a rugged caseAmzer AMZ95794 Double Layer Hybrid Case Cover with Kickstand for LG OPTIMUS G Pro - 1 Pack - Retail Packaging - Black/Whiteto protect my G Pro. I also have TPU slim cases and a bifold leather case for it too:Iwotou LG Optimus G Pro Case Bundle/ 4 Flexible Matte Rubber Skin Soft TPU Gel Case Covers + 2 Stylus+ 1 Cleaning Cloth+ 1 Wristband (Black Blue Clear Gray)and[Brown] Verus LG Optimus G Pro Leather Case Layered Dandy Diary - Premium Two Tone Vintage PU Leather Wallet Case - AT&T;, GSM, International, and Unlocked - Optimus G Pro E980 2013 ModelI have had smartphones since the days of my UTStarcom PPC-6700. I have also had devices from Samsung, HTC, LG, and Blackberry, but none had ever embodied my dream of a true computer I could always have with me. Finally, that dream has been realized in the Optimus G Pro. I resisted the urge to jump on the tablet bandwagon knowing that a tablet would never be something I could always have with me, and it wouldn't make calls. The first phablets from Samsung were also not quite good enough to do everything. With the Optimus G Pro, LG has created the ultimate mobile computer that just happens to make phone calls too. I don't miss a stylus either. I had one with the UTStarcom that stowed in the phone like the Notes do, yet I still managed to lose a half dozen of them. In addition, I actually found that a stylus slows things down in the time it takes to pull it out and then restow it. Now with the LG Optimus G Pro I just dictate notes, calendar entries, shopping lists, and reminders.Sure, the Note III will be out this fall along with phablets from others like HTC. They will also be packing the latest Snapdragon 800 quad cores and 3 gigs of RAM. However, they will come at prices 3 times that of the LG. I got my Optimus G Pro as my first upgrade in 3 years on ATT for $60. It's an incredible value now going for less than half of what the GS4 and HTC One are selling for. Finally, the LG Optimus G Pro is such a capable device that I speculate I wont need to upgrade again for quite some time.

As a previous Samsung Eternity, then Samsung Galaxy S, and finally as a Samsung S2 owner, it's obvious I was a big fan of the brand.  A friend at work had a Note II and I was in love - IMHO you can't have too much screen real estate - well, almost...  So I came up on my AT&T upgrade date and headed down to get the Note II, when perchance I came upon the LG Optimus G Pro on display.  I liked it immediately.  So much so that I left the store not getting the Note II so that I could do a little more research (who ever heard of a serious LG phone, not me anyways!).  Come to find out the phone speced out pretty good and was getting great reviews on-line.  To make a long story shorter, I checked Amazon's price, $60!  I went all in and ordered it and a couple of accessories on the spot. That was about 3 weeks ago and the phone has turned out to be fabulous!!  Gorgeous 5.5" display, very fast operation - smooth everything!  I liked the fact that it was not loaded down with bloatware like the S4.  Jelly Bean Android is cool.  I could go on and on!  Is it perfect?  No.  But the cons are few and far between.  The speaker phone speaker is weak and rattles a bit at full volume, though music sounds fantastic via headphones.  And of course it is a "phablet" so one-handed operation is pretty much out of the question ~ so if that's important to you, you need to look elsewhere.  Overall though, this is a great phone.  Too bad LG & AT&T aren't pushing it, best kept secret I guess...  If you're looking for ease of use and more screen real estate you can't go wrong with this, especially at the discounted prices!

Love the screen good battery life. First lg phone i have owned Home button a little smallA a a

I freaking LOVE this device. So much so that I have a shoe box full of accessories. Extra batteries, screen protectors(the tempered glass one I purchased off of Amazon is great!), skins, cases, the ZeroLemon Battery case, a QI wireless charger(how many of you know the phone supports that), a powerbank charger and a dual cradle battery charger for the spares. You all knew the great specs before and with the new KitKat update the thing is really enjoyable and I can't put it down, seriously. Yeah finding a real case involves online hunting but it's not that hard. Two handed operation is definitely recommended but not necessary. With a case though, it's recommended. It's a shame that this device wasn't advertised as well as it should have been because it's deserved more attention but mobile/tech heads know about it.  People say it's a Note 2 knock off but those people are uneducated. All these phones look alike now. I think that has its pros and cons but I'd rather have a phone that isn't Samsung or Apple. I've had Samsung's before they were popular(Galaxy S 4G) and an HTC ONE X but this G PRO stole the cake.

First, I have to say that this phone is great.  I have had a Galaxy S3/Galaxy S4/Note 2 and I prefer this phone over both.  The LG Skin over Android is actually pretty good and some of the added LG features will make me consider LG over other phones in the future.Look and Feel:The Optimus G Pro feels like a sturdy, well-made device.  It is comfortable to hold, although some people may be turned off by the weight.  This phone has a little weight to it, but it comes to be expected with such a large display. Many people will see this phone and think it is a completely Note II ripoff.  I will say that LG did lend a good bit of their design from the Note 2, but LG improved in areas that Samsung was falling short.  The Optimus G Pro is just a slight bit more narrow than the Note 2...and it makes all the difference.  This phone is much easier to hold.The button placement is a little interesting.  The volume key is on the left side of the phone and in the middle.  The top left key is almost a shortcut key that can be assigned to a particular app.  While this key is helpful, I would prefer the volume to be in a familiar location.  The other oddity to the button placement is the back/menu capacitive keys.  They are flipped from what many people are used to in the Galaxy series.  It took a few hours to train myself of this change, but it was off-putting for a moment.Speed:This phone is crazy fast.  Menu navigation and app launching are extremely smooth.  The quad-core processor is a definite plus.  This phone also has 2GB of memory.  This, along with the processor makes apps run very nice.Storage:The phone comes with 32Gb of internal storage.  With a SD card, you can expand to an additional 64Gb.  I love the SD card feature on phones and I doubt I will buy another phone without one.Camera:With a 13 MegaPixel camera, pictures come out very clear and detailed.  While I did not do a ton of low-light testing, the results were adequate for my needs.Screen:5.5 is a very large screen.  For most, you will not be able to touch all points on the screen with one hand.  LG (similarly to Samsung) has added "One-Handed" features that shift the keyboard to the left/right to make one-handed operation much easier.  I do not have a problem with any of these things because I was in the market for a phone in this size range.Battery Life:I am a heavy user of a phone.  I have two emails accounts that sync, I play games, check facebook, etc.  My screentime is usually over 3 hrs.  By the time I go to bed, I usually have around 50-60 percent battery left.  LG has done a great job in this department.  No complaints here.Extras:One thing that I have NEVER seen mentioned in a review is WIRELESS CHARGING.  I love this feature.  This phone comes ready to do Qi charging.  You can buy the charging plates off of amazon/ebay for under $50.  This was a pleasant surprise when I got the phone.  Luckily, I already had a charging plate and I can use it.Shortcomings:I would say my only gripe with the phone would be the button placement for volume and the shortcut key.Overall:It is unfortunate that this phone is only on ATT.  The marketing behind this phone is almost non-existent, but I would put this phone head to head with the Samsung phones any day.  Also, you cant beat the price.  On Amazon this phone is going for 49.99, but ATT has the phone for "free" if you trade in your old phone.If you are in the market for this size of device, GET IT.

I won't go into a lot of technical details as others have already done this. This is my third Android phone and the best by far. It is pretty big, so if you don't have roomy pockets or a big handbag, this may not be the phone for you. I love the large screen and it fits comfortably in my jeans pocket. Even with a two layer case. Even though it is big, it's very slim without a case or with a thin skin. In addition to easier typing and general use, the size allows for a larger battery that lasts at least twice as long as any other smart phone I've had. I also love the fact that I can upgrade my AT&T phone on Amazon. The price was better than that offered on the carrier's website and of course, if you have Prime, you get free two day shipping.

Got it as an upgrade with my AT&T; account with trade in of my Moto Atrix HD.  This phone seriously is almost perfect, I'm extremely impressed.Pros32 G internal storagemicroSD card (I have a scandisk 64G card in)2 G RAM1.7 Quad CoreRemovable BatteryDecent battery life, much better than my previous phonesFast, I mean blazingly fastnot to much bloatware, much less than Samsung or other phones but it some still thereThe LG Launcher is actually decent, I usually use a custom launcher but I do like this launcher and looks like I'll be sticking with it.ConsNo HDMI out (no real big deal, hardly used it but it does come in handy from time to time)Yes AT&T; puts on useless bloatware that you cannot remove unless you root.I've been using for a week now and seriously this is the best phone I've ever had, looked at the Samsung S4 and like this much, much better.I have it with Noreve case bought here on Amazon, I highly recommend these cases for your gadgets.LG Optimus G Pro Tradition leather case

I'm coming from an HTC and i must say, this phone rocks out loud!!! It does EVERYTHING!!! Highly recommend to everyone.Ive had this phone for almost 2 weeks and Im still in amazment!!! Watching a video is fantastic, taking, sending and receiving pictures is awesome with spectacular quality. LG took it to a whole new level with this phone! I use it for everything all the time and the battery is great. It lasts me all day and half the night running tons of differnet apps and a full charge only takes an hour max! I was debating between the Note II and the G Pro and I'm totally glad I got the LG. It does the same things as the Note II plus tons more for half the price. Totally in love!!!

Price a lot lower than the store..  It's been over a month and has been working great, not issues. I think it's better than Galaxy S4.

Bought this phone couple months after S4 purchase. It is much cheaper ($60 vs $199), better screen resolution, better speaker, higher quality materials. The downside are that the buttons are located on the opposite side and there are not many accessories available for this phone...

If you are considering this &#34;phablet,&#34; it's probably because you are tired of squinting at a tiny screen and/or hitting the wrong letter every 3rd key. This may not fit easily in your jeans pocket (I don't know - I never put phones in pants pockets), but it doesn't feel heavy or unweildy. I'm especially impressed that the speech-to-text feature even correctly spells terms such as &#34;Rancho Ohlone.&#34;On the down side, it's way too easy to dial 911 (phone logs show my purse has called several times without my knowledge). Ringtone volume is good, but there are times when it's hard to hear callers (riding in a car, for example). Overall, though, I'm pleased with the phone itself.However, it didn't come with an owner's manual, so I had no idea what it meant when the Home button flashed green or blue or red. AT&T;'s Quick Start instructions almost never matched the options on my screen. I spent hours on the phone with tech support, who were nearly useless. It took 3 calls to get the phone completely activated, and another rep (after 45 minutes) said there was no way to transfer my contacts and I would have to enter them manually (fortunately a 2-minute Google search proved her wrong).

+ 5.5" screen @ 1080p. Bought it because the huge screen helps avoid carrying multiple devices, is easy to read and amazing+ Android 4.1.2. Not 4.2.2 but still good. Won't notice much difference+ Display is gorgeous and useful+ dual record camera is actually useful e.g. concert recording+ $99 deal+ 4G LTE from ATT is actually blazing fast. (around NYC)+ 4G speeds are good.+ has IR sensor so you can use it as universal remote but not as feature rich as HTC One's or Samsung's which has TV Guide integrated.+ smooth phone, no lag, not choppy+ Qslide (multi-tasking) is limited but could be useful+ LED light around home button is extremely useful+ excellent battery life - I charged phone all night. Next morning, used it in the bus for my 55min ride and used it to browse and read Pulse news. After the ride, it still showed 100%. I was amazed. After moderate whole day use, it had dropped to only 74% in the evening. Left it like that overnight and next morning it was only 61% (only 13% drop overnight). Auto-sync was on along with Power save.Charges very fast - 1.5 hrs from 0 to full charge.+ default wallpapers are actually very beautiful for a change+ has removable battery and I added my old 32GB ext card to add to the 32GB internal storage!! (64GB total storage!), again, all for $99 base price!+ Input methods are amazing - you can type, talk or use your handwriting to have it recognize the words. Talking works well in a quiet env. Handwriting is a hit about 80% of time. I found Samsung Note 2 more accurate here in OCR. Still, it is very good.- didn't come with any SD card- didn't come with the MHL cable which my 2 year old Samsung Infuse 4G did. C'mon.- NFC tags have to be bought (possibly from LG) for some useful features- sound quality isn't as good as HTC One which blows every phone out of the water. Actually iPhone's quality is better than this.- Not sure if Activation fee of $36 is waived or not with ATT.- strangely speeds drop to E (edge) speeds. Never hit 3G when 4G is not available? I'd expect it to drop from 4G to 3G or HSPA+, not Edge.- Original LG charge cable sometimes says "Slow charging because of cable USB/TA charging current wrong" or something. Very odd.- connected to my car USB and this is the only phone which makes my stereo say "USB Not supported".- after transferring videos to my NAS, only this phone's videos play with audio but with black video image. i.e. there is no video but only audio plays. Not sure if it is recording in some proprietary format or has some DRM that blocks it unless you use their LG transfer program. Have to research.- ATT bloatware cannot be removed unless you rootOverall, a solid improvement from my Samsung Infuse 4G.Edit: The device doesn't support UMS (USB Mass Storage) option which means if you use a linux machine, you cannot see the storage of the phone and mount it as /media/SDCard as before. There are only options for MTP sync or PC Software mode which doesn't mount it properly in Linux. So the solution is to get mtp tools on the linux (mine is ubuntu) desktop to fix it.Helpful instructions - [...]

I came from an Samsung (1st gen) Galaxy Note so a lot of what I write will be with that in mind. What I was really looking for was the maximum screen size I can get away with but solve one of my annoyances with the GNote: its width.  Ii was simply too wide to comfortably use without really stretching my thumb to reach the other side of the screen without some hand contorting. Other than that, I utterly loved the GNote, The size didn't bother me as far as fitting in my pockets (quite easily) or how it made me look talking on the phone.  That said, I use my phone heavily with Google Map/Navigator as I'm driving.  I have it mounted on my center console and the size is perfect for me to glance at and get a reading on the traffic conditions around town.  Yes I can do that with smaller phones but I'd have to focus really hard and squint.  Obviously dangerous the longer you need to take your eyes off the road to look at the screen.  The iPhone 5 was horrible in this sense (I use one for work).  It's plenty sharp but at a distance, that sharpness is for naught.  The Galaxy S4 was something I was seriously looking into (along with the HTC One).  It was a slight decrease in size and it definitely solved my width problem.  And at a distance, it was a bit tiny but acceptable.  But the lag in the UI on the S4 turned me off.  I'm sure it was because of all the gesture bells and whistles, but I'd rather have it simple and snappy.  The plastic construction didn't bother me at all and I really don't know where people get off calling it cheap looking.  Looking at the HTC, I was impressed by the design, but felt that it made far too many compromises that I wasn't too keen on.  The non-removable battery, the same size chassis but with a smaller screen as the S4 and the Ultra-Pixel camera was not my thing.  I'd rather have more resolution than low-light performance.  I take pictures of building facilities and network infrastructure so it's nice being able to take pictures from afar and zooming in for the details.  I can't do that with the Ultra-Pixel, of course this is a personal preference.  Younger people who like taking pictures in clubs and restaurants might prefer the HTC One's camera.As I was zeroing in on the S4 as my choice, I visit an AT&T; store to play with it and I see the LG Optimus G Pro a few phones down the line and it instantly intrigued me.  It was all the same hardware setup as the S4 (with lower clock speed) and the One but a larger screen.  It is plastic like the S4, doesn't look at flashy but the screen is beautiful  After a few more times of visiting the store and playing with it here's what I find:The Phone is fast.  Although it has a slower clock speed, it zips around all of the UI elements with buttery ease compared to the S4 which stutter all over the place.  Just for an apples-to-apples comparison, I started Google Maps on both and performed a battery of tests: scrolling, zooming, satellite and map modes, searches, etc.  Again the S4 stutter pretty bad.  The GPro was amazingly smooth.The size of the GPro was just about as close to ideal for me.  Again, mileage may vary. If your priorities are different then this phone might not be for you.  I do a lot web browsing, maps, email, note taking, picture taking; pretty much everything but talk on the phone.When I first got the phone, it seemed that the battery didn't last much longer than my 2yr old GNote.  I was a bit disappointed.  But this was while I was doing a lot of App installation and tweaking the phone to my needs.  This would definitely be considered heavy, heavy use.  I quickly rooted the phone and also uninstall/disable AT&T; bloatware.  Starting the 3rd day when I really began using the phone normally I realize the battery life was not only much better than I first thought, it was stellar.  With light to moderate use, the battery was at 8% after 49 hours.  I was blown away. It may be a combination of de-bloating as well as a conscious effort at power management that allowed it to last that long, but no matter how you spin it, that is some staying power.  I couldn't even make the GNote last half that long just on standby.The screen is amazing.  Crisp, great in outdoor and moderate sunlight.  The details are pretty ridiculous.  Coming from a AMOLED plus screen, this unit definitely displayed truer colors, even against the S4.  Not to say the S4 screen is inferior, but they sure have different strength.One thing I do miss about the AMOLED screen was how dark the blacks are.  This IPS LCD display never truly comes close to true black.  I use my phone as an alarm clock next to my bed.  With the phone in night mode, the GNote was so dark that literally all you see is the dim time displayed over a pitch dark screen, very pleasing.  With the GPro, the background is a blue-gray that's just bright enough to be slightly annoying.Sound quality on this, in both the speaker and the headphone output is mediocre at best.  The DAC unit in this phone is pretty basic.  It really is no match for the advanced DACs that are installed in the S4, the One or the iPhones.  The fidelity is pretty muted and there really isn't a global EQ adjustment that you can use to improve this very much.  The pre-installed Music Player does have some Dolby optimization, which does improve overall range, but it only exist in that App, not in others like Google's Play Music.  Thankfully, this isn't a big priority for me.  If you listen to a lot of music on your phone, you may want to take a listen before buying.With my GNote, I was constantly looking to improve the phone's software.  3rd party ROMs and Modifications was the way to get it.  The last thing to consider is the Development community's support of this device.  I was hesitant because of this because, quite frankly, LG doesn't get the kind of love that Samsung and perhaps even HTC gets.  So as of now, you're not going to find a lot of 3rd party development of Mods and ROMs.  Making things even harder is the fact that this phone as a locked bootloader.  Both issues will very likely be remedied soon, but it might take a while.  This would have been a bigger issue for me if it weren't for the fact that the Software on this phone is so well put together (aside from the bloatware).  I have no doubt that eventually, I'll be looking to experiment with other Roms, etc.  But right now, I'm in no hurry.One of the coolest bonuses is the built in wireless (Qi) charging feature.  It spurred a little project of mine to come up with the best charging car mount setup.  I custom made a little setup using an LG WPC-300 charging pad, adding some embedded neodymium magnets.  I'm loving it so far.I started my smartphone experience with a Treo 700W (Windows Mobile), then several iPhones, Galaxy S2 Skyrocket and then the Galaxy Note.  I'm as brand agnostic as you'll find and I believe I gave all the current phones a fair shake before settling on the LG Optimus G Pro.  I still use an iPhone 5 at work, but it feels like I'd rather pull this phone out of my pocket when I want to look something up.Overall, I'm very, very happy with this phone.  It just plain-jane enough to not bring a whole lot of attention to itself, but has the power and elegance to impress the only person that matters: me.  Getting it for $99 on sale was icing on the cake.

I would like to state that this phone is truly deserving of the title Note Killer. It has a better display. Better processor, and better camera. It has a sturdy build quality. I actually had to (accidentally) drop my phone really hard to get the screen to crack. The camera is nice, but not perfect. Overall performance is very nice. I have only experienced minimal lag moments once in a blue moon. Battery life is nice though can be increased by use of 3rd party app or purchasing the 9000 miliamp battery here on amazon. The display is top notch. IPS display is very true to nature colors. Not as much saturated colors as the AMOLED display of the Samsung. Though the 5.5 inch display can be daunting to people with less than large hands. Overall this is a great phone and we'll worth the money spent. And the fact that it has an IR blaster with a simple yet nice remote is an added bonus.

I purchased this LG smartphone after many hours of research and comparison with other smartphones. I was quite impressed with its specs and features on paper, but was reluctant to purchase it because I've only used iPhones and Samsung smartphones before and couldn't really relate to what a LG smartphone would be. However, after hours of reading and also a visit to the AT&T; store, I decided that I really enjoyed the feel of this phone and had a very good first impression after a few minutes of fondling it around. I actually preferred the G pro over Galaxy S4.(both phones have almost the same specs and features, except for differing android skins and a few different UI experience enhancers).When I held the G pro in my hands I decided that I didn't feel it was too big, and I actually thought that the G pro's screen actually looked a bit better than the S4's. Of course, earlier, I had confirmed through some extensive reading that the G pro beats the Note 2 all ends up. [But I didn't purchase the LG G pro at the store itself since Amazon had it for $40 less]I expected a good product, but after 2 weeks of use I think that I am pleasantly surprised at how amazing the G Pro is. This phone really has exceeded my expectations. I really like everything about the phone except the fact that it has a plastic shell. [If this had a metallic finish, I would actually consider calling it perfect]The G pro is amazingly fast irrespective of the workload you put on it. I hadn't had even an instance where the system had even the slightest of a lag. The 1080p, full HD 5.5'' display is really beautiful with vibrant yet natural colors. The screen is large enough and the ppi is good enough to read even lengthy documents/ e-books. The camera quality (images and videos alike) is also extremely good. [colors are really natural]. I also like the 'LG specific features' of the phone. I specially like 'Quick Memo' & 'Q-Slide' (I think that's what its called) as these 2 features have really come in very handy even during these 2 weeks.All in all I have never been this happy with a phone purchase before in my life. So, the Optimus G Pro really made a very good impression for LG in my mind as a smartphone maker.

I have put off coming into the 21st century until now.  My Grand kids text me a lot and on my old phone it was expensive and a pain to text back.  People text me at work and now I cn answer them quickly.

Coming from an iPhone 5, I was cringing at the thought of having an android phone again (after my nightmare with a HTC rezound in 2011) but wow has this phone delivered BIG TIME.Screen -  there are alot of great screens out there and this is one of the better ones.  Videos look great and the screen is easy to see in daylight. 1080p is wonderful.  The utility of having a 5.5&#34; screen cannot be understated.  You can edit word docs, write emails, create powerpoints and many other laptop activities on this thing with no probs.Camera - the default camera app doesnt do this camera justice.  Get CameraMX and shoot amazingly detailed pictures.  Not as great as my old iphone 5 but close enough.Battery - probably it's weakest feature although everyone seems to claim it is great.  To be fair I do keep all battery draining features like bluetooth and gps on all the time so I'll give it a pass.Memory - comes with 32GB by default which is great. Got a $15 64GB microsd for 96GB total.Interface - LG interface is minimal with little ATT bloatware. Nuff said.  Everything runs smooth and the LG features are thoughful, especially the quickremote app which lets you control any media device with an infrared sensor.  I havent used any remote control since getting this phone.Processor - Snapdragon 600 flies on this phone.  Screens and apps change quickly with no delay even when having several windows open.

Bought August 9. Constantly shutting off and turning on by October 17. Shipped back to LG at my expense. Said they replaced the chipset. Great! Did not fix the problem at all. Actually is even worse now than when I sent it to them. Waste of a phone upgrade. Don't know whether to send it back to them again or just stuff it in the trash where it belongs.

This phone is big,  period,  And I love it! You can't beat texting,  surfing,  reading,  researching. A and there are some totally cool apps,  my kids think it's great that I can (yo date) program ANY T. V.  Within 45 sec,  under 5 clicks and NO entering codes.  Even got the hospital TV.  Obviously I could keep going...  But I won't.  Good luck and enjoy!

I got this phone when my iphone got wet and ruined; the salesman really pushed it and it was on sale. It really is too big; even with big hands, I have trouble using it on the go. You really need two hands to operate it. The worst feature are the buttons on the sides. You can't pick up or handle it without hitting either the power button, the volume buttons, or the extra button exactly opposite the power button. This is very annoying; it would be a lot better if the button was on top like the iphone, or if they weren't so big and easy to push. The screen is huge which is nice for some functions, but it takes up the whole front of the phone, which means you'll be accidentally hitting the screen all the time with your fingers. It's fun for gaming and watching Netflix though, or reading. But lousy as a PHONE. Especially the dialing features, which are a real pain in the neck. Then, good luck finding a good case. I had to order one online because stores don't carry them. On a positive note the camera is pretty nice. But as a phone I wish I had gone a different route.

I NEVER THOUGHT ANYTHING WOULD BE BETTER THAT MY GALAXY NOTE.....THIS IS! I LOVE IT! IT EVEN KEEPS A LONG CHARGE!

This phone is the best. I haven't had it for long but I am not disappointed at all from switching from iPhone to this phone. I have had other types, but will not ever go back to iPhone. This phone needs more recognition. Large screen, amazingly fast!  Now I still have to get used to an android phone, but so pleased. The only thing, wish there were more case covers for this phone and I wish that otter box made them too!  Best purchase I ever made for a phone.

My son picked LG Optimus G Pro after a week of research and comparison. I have to admit, this is the best phone we had/have to date. we love it so much we purchased two more so we now have three in the family. we had iphone, Samsung, HTC, Moto, Nokia, and others but this is our first LG phone for us. we are impressed with battery life [largest oem in the market?]. other phones in the past and current Galaxy S4 will last less than 24 hours but Optimus G Pro are lasting 2x or longer. everything seems to be so much faster too. we absolutely love it.

This is generally a great phone. It is large, which is good for some things, but makes it bulky and heavy to carry in a pocket or on your belt. The speaker phone is not very good, but I do not use it much.

this phone is super fast easy to use its almost exactly the same size as the S4 active  its big but if that's what you're looking for the display is out of this world better than theS4active.  it's like the difference between a really good flat screen TV and a really great high definition flat screen TVthe processor is faster and I personally like the touch screen buttons on the bottom of the screennot a fan of having three buttons across the bottomthat the s4 active has.the camera is higher megapixel and takes better pictures than the s for active reason I'm comparing it to that phone is because they're in the same bracket is each otherThe Gorilla Glass on the s for active is a good thing but from what I've read and heard it's really not a game changer in your choice of phones.the run time on the battery is excellentyou will definitely not be disappointed with this phone

Dont really know what to say about the LG G pro that hasn't already been said, but here it goes:Pros:1. Awesome battery life, especially on standby (Less than 2% an hour). Can go all day with moderate use and still have 50% or better if I keep my screen brightness around 45% or less. Charges back up fast too if I'm using the oem charger.2. Big 1080p IPS screen. LG is known for making stunning displays and it shows. No other smartphone marker even comes close to making quality displays like LG.3. Removeable battery. Nice to be able to keep a spare handy and swap if necessary.4. Performance is exceptional. Very little lag for 99% of tasks. The only time its noticeable is if I'm using the qslide video function.5. Destroys the note 2/3 in price. $400 out-the-door no commitment pricing from at&t.; A galaxy note 3 is $299 on-contract for two years. Is the s-pen functionality really worth $300 over the cost of this phone? For some maybe, but for everyone else I'd say they would be just as happy with this phone compared to the Note line. $18.50 per month for the G Pro  vs. $33 per month for the Note3 on the new At&t; Next 12 plan.6. SD card slot.7. 32gb(26gb usable) on-board storage. I refuse to buy a phone with less than 16gb so this is a welcome addition.Cons:1. Shipped with android 4.1.2. LG is notorious for not pushing out updates to their phones. But things are looking up as they just released 4.4 kitkat for the G2. Who knows, maybe 4.4.2 is coming soon for this device.2. Bezels on the side are slim and one can inadvertently touch the screen if you're not careful.3. Cases aren't widely available like they are for Samsung/Apple.If you're comfortable with a 5.5&#34; display and don't want to wait for the G Pro2, then this is the best deal out there atm. Just buy it and be happy.

I've had the phone now for five days and for the most part, I am very pleased. Navigation is simple, the screens are responsive and features such as web browsing and Facebook are lightning fast. My old phone (a 3G Kyocera Rise) was very touchy about connecting up to my Bluetooth car speaker.The Optimus G Pro connects immediately.- Voice calls are clear and crisp. It's the best voice quality that I have ever had on a mobile phone.- Battery life is significantly better than expected. I did download a task killer and noticed even better battery life after having done so. In the past, I've downloaded a battery manager but have  not had the need to do so yet with this phone, though I  have activated the phone's own battery management program, it only turned on once thus far.- The one issue I thought I would have with the G Pro was the size. However, this has not been a problem at all.- The Camera:  I just really tested the camera out yesterday. My girlfriend and I toured an underground cavern and the pictures I came away with were absolutely stunning. One of them looked like a painting.So, overall this is an excellent phone. At the cost of phone ($20) it is far and away the best value I've ever gotten in a mobile phone.

I love my new phone, I have had it about 2 months now and there is nothing wrong with this phone at all. I love the big screen, the different fonts you can pick from for your text and items in the phone to look the way you want. I love the clearness of the photos, the quick remote to run my tv, stereo and other devices from it. The only thing I wish was different would be the placement of the power button, but it's not that big of deal really.

I think the previous reviews have echoed the pro and cons of this device. I love the large screen, HD1080p, Android OS and its multitude of apps, the security features for Enterprise usage, the ability to multitask like watching a movie and read emails or listen to streaming radio.My only con, and its a big one for me is that the placement of the volume control, in the middle of the left side of the device can interfere with basic usage. Every time I pick up the device using my left hand, I always end up pressing the volume control and max/min out the levels. I have tried various ways to handle the device and invariably, always press the volume. This is one annoying design flaw and wish they would have moved it to the top or on the right side of phone. I use this for work and was given to me so I did not choose this willingly. This is a a 5 star device but the volume control really knock two stars for me. This is the only phone I have &#34;fought&#34; with the volume control, whether its grabbing out of my pocket or picking off the desk. My solution may be to buy a folio cover. I hope this helps.

Best phone ever. I love the screen size. Awesome phone!! This is the best purchase I ever made. Thank you!

This is a great device.  Fast and extremely easy to learn to use.  I have had two prior android phones and this is the best ever.  I did not find the size a problem given the length of my fingers, but some might it difficult and unwieldy.  But its a better and much less costly alternative to the Note.

The screen is very sensitive the smallest bump and it will shatter once screen crack because screen is LCD liquid will no longer be able to operate phone. Only had it a week and a half now in order to fix it they want 200 to 300 for screen

I got this phone a week and half ago...so far the ONLY thing I don't like about this phone is the SIZE...it is so much BIGGER than my other phone.  People talk about having it in their pockets...not sure how they make that happen.  But other than that loving it.  The battery life is awesome...went 4 days without charging phone... medium texting and talking on phone. Really like some of the features that my older phone didn't have, like the silent hours...pick hours you want the phone to be silent and it wont make any noise except alarms and media. Cool. Very nice camera. Beautiful screen. And the remote feature is cool too.

Phone is great!! Battery life better than expected. Only draw back, playing games the battery dies quickly. The only problem.

I have been coveting this phone since its release.  On the surface, it is a large phone that is fast, has a beautiful display, a great camera, and comes at a terrific value.  Before this phone, I used both the Samsung GS3 and Note 2 and I was completely satisfied with both of those.  That said, I was a little Galaxy'd out and wanted a change.  Boy am I glad I went with LG.The Optimus G Pro was released and designed to compete directly with the Note 2.  The Note series of phones by Samsung are great (the Note 3 just came out and is awesome), but they are not cheap.  The only major difference between the Optimus Pro and the Note 2 is the stylus - the Note comes with one and the Optimus does not.  No biggie.  Buy on on Amazon for a few dollars and you're all set.  I did -B0089E5R0WThe display is outstanding.  Large and amazingly clear.  The camera takes great pictures, but like most phones low light photos are a weakness.  When you compare this device with the Note 2, it has very similar internal specs, a better camera, and some other features like multi-window support, but it comes at a price of at least $100 less.  A no brainer to me.The only thing I don't like about the device is the weight.  It is very heavy.  Other than that, there is no reason not to recommend it!Pros - value, display, cameraCons - low-light photography, weight9/10

This phone is not given the attention that it deserves. It works where Samsung Galaxy S4 won't., plus 32 GB internal storage for less money.

The Lg Optimus G Pro is the most highly underrated phone of 2013. I read many good reviews for this device and still it seems like this phone deserves more respect. I have had this phone for a week and cannot say one bad thing about it. I can go on two days off of a single charge, as long as you keep data off, wi-fi, etc while your not using it. The screen is beautiful and can display True 1080p on its 5.5" IPS Screen. Compared to the Note 2, this is lighter, thinner, and even overall smaller, yet still packs the same screen size, with the higher resolution. There is absolutely no lag, and this is Android in its purest form. I can control my tv, cable box, even my air condition with the built in IR sensor. For $60 this thing is a steal and complete with AT&T;'s 4G LTE is amazing, matter of fact its faster than my cable at home. Camera is also pretty great, could use some more features, but pretty good.Again Amazing phone at an amazing price.

I am going on a couple of months using this phone now, and I must say I am quite impressed by the video quality, as well as the clarity when using Bluetooth in my car hands free. I had an Iphone before this and when speaking to my parents in the car they would constantly have to ask me to repeat myself, and it was just awful trying to understand them as well, but that isn't the case with this phone at all....I am extremely pleased to have made this purchase and I would highly recommend this phone to anyone in the market for a phablet at a great value!the only gripe I have with this phone is that it is hard to find a case for it...I used the Lifeproof case for the Iphone and I loved it, but they don't make a case for this model, nor does Otterbox which is a shame

Wow. Cant say enough about this phone. I'm a previous Samsung Junkie who owns Samsung GS3, GS4, Note 2, Note 8.0, and 2 samsung TV's. With that being said, I love the G Pro. The screen is stunning. Much better than my note 2.0. and I like the smaller width in my hand. definitely a good move from LG. I like the software, and the options. It does many of the things my Note 2 does, and most typical samsung things. that i appreciate. yet it does some things differently which i really like.I'm just really impressed. LG OG Pro is an underrated phone. same processor as the Galaxy S4, and full 1080p screen. I especially like that "even though I have no S-pen", LG tries to integrate a note taking option for the phone. and you know what? it works. I like it. I reserve the S-Pen taking notes for my Galaxy Note 8.0.This phone isn't hyped the way the Samsung phones are, and that is a shame. It clearly trumps all Samsungs offerings at this time. From Hardware specs to basic software needs.What a beautiful screen. seriously.Battery life seems to be ok with the 3140 mAh battery. software is super smooth and fluid. no lag AT ALL. very nice.Looking forward to the LG G2 soon.

I purchased the phone on special for $50 and it has been a great phone.  Love the big screen. Had to adjust to it though.  I cant complain though for the price.

Really like this phone. Big clear screen, fast processor, lots of storage; what more could you want? This is my third LG product and I am really becoming a fan.

I did have the Samsung Infuse 4G, Stepping into this LG Optimus G Pro was a major step. This smartphone provides me with plenty of strong battery. It is also very fast and comes to the table packing tons of punch. Do yourself a favor and get this one, You will not be disappointed!!

I used to have a Samsung Galaxy S2.  Then the S3 and now the S4 came out. I didn't want the same thing anymore.  I wanted something different, something bigger so I don't have to squint my eyes or pinch to enlarge pictures or texts. It was a toss up between the Samsung Galaxy Note 2 or the LG Optimus G Pro. At the time when I was up for a new phone the LG Optimus G Pro wasn't available.  I waited. Then May 3rd came, the pre-order day. I pre-ordered the LG Optimus G Pro so that I can get the free Folio case with it.  Based on the specs of the LG Optimus G Pro, I knew I wanted the LG over the Samsung Galaxy Note 2 because it was slightly narrower, has full HD screen, and faster. I definitely made the right choice.  So far I have nothing but praise about the LG Optimus G Pro.  Too bad they don't advertise it or market it as much as Samsung. To those reading this review, I can tell you that you won't be disappointed with this phone. It zips through everything, anything.  No lag. And best of all it comes with 32GB internal disk space to start, not like the more expensive Note 2 with 16GB.  Android is Android, and if you can get a phone that can do what you want without any issues then you have a winner.  LG has a winner, the Optimus G Pro.  You can't go wrong with this phone if you want a phablet with bells and whistles and lasts you all day long with its long battery life that charges about 1.5 hours on a full charge. What I really like about this phone is the multi-color home button that flashes teal green when you have emails or notifications.  Cool. I'm getting used to its size. I think I might stick with this size for my next phone too.  Hope this helps.

Love the phone. Easy to adapt to. Have to use ATT because their the only service that works in my area. No problem with that . ATT has always been good to me. The device is great, the screen is big and easy to see with my old eyes.

I had been observing this product for a few days, and decided i was going to purchase it.Saw the reviews,eventhough everyone was bashing it for a note 2 imitation,i was going to buy one.Then,2 days ago, ATT increased the price from $414 to $749.I am sure their profit was already huge at $414,why the increase? If LG really wants to take over market share in smartphones and compete with samsung then they have to keep their price down....i am no longer going to get this phone,its back to the galaxy note 2 for me.Stupid move by the companies.

I was looking for an upgrade from my S3. My top choice was the LG G2. And if I was patient enought, I would have waited for the Samsung S5. But across all AT&T; stores the LG G2s were completely sold out. Not only that my sales rep told me that he himself was on a waiting list and had already been waiting three weeks for it.He highly recommended the LG Optimus G Pro as an alternative. I was very hesitant because I was not looking for a big phone because I like to Swype with one hand. But he told me that it was very similar to the LG G2, only bigger. I gave it a try and I'm glad I did.Here's what I absolutely love about this phone:1) It's fast. In fact it's noticeably faster than my S3. There is no lag whatsoever.2) Battery life is stellar. This is my fourth smartphone. I've always hated the fast battery drain that is characteristic of most cell phones. That includes even the most popular phones such as the S3, S4, Nexus 5 and HTC One. Based on the reviews the LG G2 has the longest battery life of any phone out there right now. However the LG Optimus G Pro is in the same league. I would estimate that I'm getting a day and a half to two days out of each charge.3) Swappable battery. The added flexibility of being able to replace the battery while you're on the go is incredible.4) Thin and light. For what it is, it doesn't get any better.I debated between waiting for the S5 or going on a waiting list for the LG G2. Getting the Optimus G Pro was a calcuated risk based on the a zealous sales rep's recommendation at the ATT store.I am glad I took his advice. And by the way the concern about getting a big phone and not being able to Swype with one hand was easily addressed given that you can resize your keyboard and slide it over to the left or right.

Cons : no gorila glass battery does not last what note 2 and SPen apps are better,  lower volume for headphone no EQ in Google Musicpros: other than those cons is better in every way. Screen looks better phone is snappier games play with Tegra effects note 2 is missing.  Thinner less wide

Wanted to give it 3.5 stars, but I rounded up.  The phone is fast, the display is beautiful.  but some features are less than desirable.  The option to keep the screen awake while reading doesn't work so good.  I see the little &#34;eye&#34; icon in the top tray, but the screen still blacks out when reading web pages, or other documents (except for kindle, or Bible apps designed to keep the screen on)  This is easily resolved by changing the screen time out setting, but an automatic feature that works (as advertised) would be nice.When selecting text, like when inputting a web URL, and you need to put the pointer back in the text to correct a typo, is way to sensitive.  It is nearly impossible to put the cursor between the two letters your aiming for.Those minor nuisances aside, the phone is wicked fast, and has an amazing display.  The LG overlay of android is intuitive, and the pull down menu brings all your major controls with one swipe.  Super easy to change system settings like WiFi on/off, Bluetooth on/off, airplane mode, silent, and note taking.  You can even customize your quick menu.The 5.5&#34; display is nice to read on, but not too unwieldy.  Many item imputs and features are easier with 2 hands, but this is a micro tablet! (phablet or whatever you want to call it)However, answering the phone, placing calls and entering in your security pin can be easily done  using one hand.  The keyboard can be shifted to either side of the phone,left or right, or split when horizontal which makes one handed operation very possible.

I have been using this for past 1 month. I had note2, S4 and iphone4s. Wife uses HTC one.Without any doubt i can say this is the best phone i ever had.Excellent phone with stunning display. IPS screen delivers natural colors.32GB inbuilt memory. Everything in this phone is outstanding.

If you don't mind a phone larger than what you are used to, this will work.  Camera is also fantastic.

Think your smartphone is fast? The LG Optimus G Pro is faster. Think your phone's screen looks good? The LG Optimus G Pro 5.5" 1080p absolutely destroys whatever you are currently setting your eyeballs on. Think your phone has cool functionality? The QuickRemote app will send all your current living room zappers into the trash. Battery life? 3,140 mAh has you covered. Phone storage issues? Not with 32GB internal. Should you get this badass? WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU WAITING FOR.

I actually purchased this device close to three months ago and it started off very well.  Has a great display that is large, a notification light, very fast, and the camera quality is pretty good (but lower those expectations just a little bit if you were expecting a camera similar to the Lumia 1020 quality lol).  One of the more impressive attributes is the quality of the calls that you hear through their HD voice quality technology.So why the 1 star?  Well quality is very crucial ingredient when buying a phone.  This isn't a $25 shirt or a nice meal out, this is a $600 electronic, and for $600 of hard earned money, you would easily expect it to last without anything breaking as long as you take care of your product.  So the very first thing I did when I got the device was I put it into a case.  Then I made sure I gently placed it down on table tops, etc because I wanted my product to last.  One day I am sitting at the table for lunch and see a reflection striking my eye coming from the camera.  Turns out there are four large cracks in the glass.  How???  I have done nothing but cradle it.  It is poor quality.  Whether the composition of the glass is not made with the best quality formula, or for cost they try to make the glass as thin as possible so that breathing on it shatters the display, this is without a doubt clearly poor quality parts.  If this glass shattered on the camera on the back, just *imagine* what can happen to the front.  I am waiting any day now where I randomly cough and the front glass shatters leave my device unusable.Better yet here is their response: "While we constantly strive for better ways of keeping maintenance to a minimum, occasional failures can occur. Unfortunately a cracked screen is not covered by our warranty.You are still able to send your device in, just paying for shipping cost, and we will determine if it will be covered or not by our terms and conditions."How convenient.  They go ahead place cheap parts into their devices, then say they don't cover it, and it's a win-win for them.  So now that 13MP camera just became a [13MP - (wear the cracks are)].  It's really pathetic if you ask me.  If anyone currently has this phone, I strongly urge you to be very careful with the phone and soft pad the back camera when not in use.  As for the front, we all have to cross our fingers nothing happens.  Remember, no breathing, blinking, coughing, or sneezing.Two things are clear: They are not made well and LG doesn't care.  Stay clear of this phone and go with a Nokia, or an Apple, or an HTC.  Something that is well known  and has the reputation of a better build where if the glass actually breaks, you most likely dropped it and it wasn't protected unlike LG (and even Samsung with their notorious poor build quality on the Note II and S III if you google search their problems).Ed

I was looking for the best upgrade to a Galaxy S3 I had been using. I didn't want the S4 since it was too similar to the S3. I gave the HTC one a try for about two weeks but wasn't impressed, I mostly didn't like sense 5 and wasn't willing to live with it. I happened upon the LG Optimus G Pro online and it looked like a note 2 knock off but once I saw it and used it I found I was wrong. The features are very cool and the multi windows are great. The screen is gorgeous!!!

When the first cell phones came out to the general public in 1983, the cell phones werebulky, and bigger compared to the cell phones we use today. The earlier cell phones did not haveinternet streaming nor could you get apps or music. The cell phones were more like a home phonecompared in size and looks and they were not touch screen like they are today. However we sawmany small phones in the last couple of years and it seems that the sizes of the cell phones aregetting bigger and more high tech. The LG Optimus G pro is a very big phone with a 5.5 inchscreen.I have been using the LG optimus G pro for two months now and I love it, it has not givenme any problems at all. At first I was skeptical about the size but now I have grown used to thesize. A problem I did encounter however was that I could not find many accessories available forthe phone, so I had to buy my phone cases online. Other than that the phone is wonderful I use iton a day to day basis the battery life lasts all day but I do charge it every night. The phone itself isvery fast whether it is opening an app, watching a video or simply turning the phone on or off.The LG Optimus G pro is a new phone that just came out and it is compared a lot with theSamsung Galaxy note 2. They are about the same in size and shape and the optimus is cheaper, butI chose to get the LG Optimus G pro because of its features. When watching videos on the phoneyou see a very sharp and bright video without any pixels, they also load up really fast. The phoneis also very loud for having one speaker on the back. The phone also has a lot of internal storageand you can also expand that by inserting a SD card. I did this and now my phone has a lot ofcapacity for my photos, music and apps.I love to take pictures and this phone does the job for me. The phone has a 13 megapixelcamera on the back and a 2.1 megapixel on the front. So this phone is a good phone for takingpictures. When taking pictures you can enhance the sharpness of the picture before taking it.Something that I really like about the phone is the home button because it has lead lightssurrounding it. So when I get a message or a missed call the home button turns green and when Iget mail it turns purple.This phone is also very good for multitasking I can have three different things running onthe screen. I usually have the calculator, a video and texting on the screen at the same time and thisdoes not cause the phone to work slower, it continues to run fast. When downloading apps ormusic or anything else, they are downloaded very quickly on to the phone. The phone also has avoice command which has come in handy for me because sometimes I do not feel like typing andthe voice command picks up everything very good I have not had a problem with it.The phone also has a rotating screen so you can use it horizontal or vertical. The phone canalso be personalized to my likings so I can change everything to the way I would like them. Someapps that I use daily on the phone is pandora, instagram, twitter, and the phones music player andthey run great everything gets loaded fast which I like. I also read a lot on the phone and with thebig screen I can read clearly and the words are not small. Internet streaming on the phone is verynice and fast, so I can search for something very quickly and it is not difficult to use or I can usethe google search engine on my home screen.A downfall about the phone for me is that I usually like to have my phone in my pocket butseeing as this phone is larger compared to others it does not fit in my front pocket and it sticks out alot in my back pocket. So I am usually holding the phone in my hand which is a bad idea because Ican lose it easier that way. However I do love the size of the phone but I do not really like carryinga purse with me all the time. But all in all the phone works wonders for me I made a good choicein getting the LG Optimus G pro.
