
Just the background...I got this phone as an upgrade on Verizon Wireless.  I was previously using an Android based Thunderbolt (first LTE android phone for VZW).  I had watched a buddy use her Lumia 920 so I had a decent idea of how Windows Phone 8 works.  I have never previously owned a Windows based phone.1.  Speed.  Initially I was worried that this phone would be slower than it's 4 core Android counter parts.  This phone only has 2.  I was honestly surprised.  It is as fast as any of my buddies Note 2s and even their new S4s.  Speed to use this phone is really fast.2.  Camera.  This is best thing about this phone.  I would suggest going to Youtube and watching some HD test videos (user videos...not Nokia commercials).  The camera is truly amazing.  The Xenon flash is great at night but just the day to day video and camera work is awesome.  I love that I can just touch the screen where I want the camera to focus.  Nokia has given you some really great applications like the panorama application which basically guides you through taking 3 photos that it stitches together to make a panorama shot.  Applying a filter like Instagram is quick and easy.  I also like that you can upload to SkyDrive automagically.  You don't have to but you can.  The 100GB storage is $50 or $6 a month if you need the maximum.  It is the least expensive of the large capacity cloud storage solutions.  *NOTE:  There is a dedicated camera button on the Lumia 928 that takes you directly into the camera.3.  Battery life.  I finally have a phone that I can go through the whole day on one charge.  I can charge it at night and that is all I need for the whole day...whether I am surfing the net or my daughter is watching Netflix. YES!!!!4.  Nokia Here/Navigation.  This took a little getting used to.  At first I was frustrated with the maps because they weren't up to date.  I then realized that you could download the maps directly to the phone in case there wasn't a data connection (nice to save on bandwidth).  After downloading the new map for the US everything worked beautifully.  *NOTE:  If you leave Here turned on Nokia is smart enough to know what the speed limit is and will "ding" at you if you are going over the speed limit.  This sounds trivial but I have to drive through several school zones on the way to work and occasionally find myself 2-3 miles an hour over the posted 25mph speed limit.  Instead of having to watch for kids and also my speedometer...I just get a handy "ding" from the phone that lets me know that I need to slow down a little.Limitations...1.  Apps.  If you are an app geek you will be disappointed in the selection of apps.  On the plus side you can load up your apps and still get the same speed out of the phone vs. an Android phone.  My daughter likes the way games look on the Lumia 928 better than on my old Android.  I would say that is just the hardware upgrade.  For a limited time if you buy a Lumia 928 you get $25 from Microsoft and Nokia to use towards apps in the Microsoft app store....overall...I am extremely happy with this phone.  It is the first phone I have owned and really liked in about 4 years.

When windows 8 tablet came out, I immediately jumped to them. The metro interface carried from Windows Phone 8 is a fantastic touch interface, but having a regular desktop, micro sd slots,full usb ports made them the most versatile platform by far. Windows Phone 8 on the other had is a more limited, simplistic, and straightforward OS. Coming from Several Android, Iphone, Blackberry and even Windows Phone 5/6 devices I was pretty excited to see how things would work.Design: Honestly as first I thought it was a bit chunky, It has a lot of bezel, and is pretty thick. However after using it I really realized this actually helped usability a lot. It feels better in the hand and it's easier to operate than some of the phones trying to be as thin and bezel free as they can. Every time I hold it I just think that this is the best feeling phone I've ever had, I'm just really in love with the design now. Honestly I think they could have gone better with making it a 16gb with a micro sd slot, but windows phone isn't so great with SD cards I don't think (read software for more info) so i think it had something to do with that. One other thing I really miss is a notification LED on the front notifying me of missed texts/calls etc.Performance: Even though it's last gen hardware now, 1.5 ghz S4, 1gb ram, 720p screen it doesn't hold it back at all. The screen looks gorgeous (I can't tell the difference between a 720 and 1080p smartphone screen honestly) and it performs like a champ. It would have been nice to have 2gb of ram when going through the multitasking sometimes it had to resume the item which takes quite a bit.Software: Here's the big difference, The software, in a word is refreshing. The animations I thought would get annoying but keep the flow of movement really well, and when it gets done 9 times out of 10 the app is ready and loaded right away.Live tiles are really great, I had a couple of issues with some not updating right, but either way they make the main screen extremely lively. The "app drawer" I guess is what you would call it when you swipe to the right, It is functional but with only a single line of apps it makes kind of cumbersome sometimes.Windows phone 8 also doesn't allow access to the file system like android does. For instance I had a comic book reading application to read some .CBR files I had. I couldn't connect my phone to the computer and put the files on the phone to use though, I had to upload them to skydrive, then link my account with the app and download them. While I'm glad that atleast you can do this, it makes a 2 step process to like 5+ steps. The only thing I really found I could drop on and use from the internal memory was media files.One odd thing about the software is the search button, on windows 8 the search button will search throughout whichever app your in which is great. However the search button on windows phone is only a hotkey for Bing. It's kind of counter-intuitive, and should honestly just be a Bing button.Apps: This is a grey area, of course Nokia can only do so much on this front, it's up to the developers to make these apps, and Microsoft to attract them. Most every app from my previous android phone I was able to find. The community has been really great at making great alternatives to the missing apps like Flipboard, instagram, youtube and most everything else, finding the needed apps wasn't really a problem. A big HOWEVER though is that I found some apps missing functionality, they were like the red headed stepchild app of their android/iphone counterpart. For instance in both the official ebay app and an alternative one I was unable to add tracking information on my sales or manage my messages really. This is just one of a few I found that were just not up to par with the functionality i expected. Most of the time it isn't a deal breaker but it's something to think about.Things I miss are firstly a notification center. I pretty much manage everything with the live tiles but it would be great to have a spot to just check everything together though. Widgets I don't miss much, the tiles replace it almost mostly for me though one thing I would like would be interactive tiles where I can do things without actually going into the app.Camera: Lumias are known for their cameras and the pureview on this was no exception. It has a really bright f/2.0 lens, and whatever else the pureview technology does to help. The camera button works perfect, it will turn it to the camera from being off and it is a 2 step button meaning you can half press it to focus. Pics I took in low light looked like they were taken with like sunlight shining in, they turned out amazing. I tested it against my other canon point and shoot and the lumia blew the canon out of the water as far as low light performance. There are a ton of cool lenses that you can download to do different functions as well. The only thing that is missing however is the ability to take pictures while recording video which i really miss.Battery / Call quality: I'm not sure why people combine these 2 but they do, so why not try it. Call quality had no issues, I've heard complaints on other reviews but I experienced no signal difference or call quality from previous phones. Battery life was more than acceptable. After an 8 hour work day of between light and medium use I would have over 75% left usually. I had no issues lasting a day. From 6am waking up till 10pm going to bed I would almost never be below 50%. Also the wireless charger works without a hitch, thought the phone got decently warm during it which was odd.Conclusion: Well Microsoft has something really amazing on it's hands, Windows phone is just a joyful, unique experience. It makes heads turn, you can't go into work without having someone ask you about it. However can it replace your current smartphone is the question. I manage my life on my smartphone, and it needs to be able to keep up with me. My experience finds that Windows Phone will most definitely be able to keep pace.I do think that unlike an android device though I wouldn't be able to manage everything on my phone. If I were away from home or something I would probably need to access a computer at some point to manage thing. It just doesn't have that versatility yet. However Coming from the Iphone users will get an experience that is just as or more fluid, crisp and easy to use. Just don't expect the "theres an app for that" line to always work.

Slimmer body and straight than the 920.Low light camera performance is top-notch!!!The camera is amazing!!!The video is smooth and flawless.It's the best phone I've used and I haven't yet used it in any real low light situations.Finally -- wireless charging is cool.

Love it so far.  The camera does much better job than my roommate's iphone 5.  I really like that.  I also like windows 8 although it has less apps than iphone does.  I don't play a lot of game.  This phone serves well for me.  Good talking quality and decent camera lens.  Bigger screen than iphone 5.  I love it.

I was a little cautious ordering the Nokia Lumia 928 because the Operating System is still considered pretty new in the world of wireless phones.  I was disappointed with my android devices because of the bloatware that was always installed on them. I LOVE the fact that I can delete any App off the device whenever I choose. The live tiles and home screen took a little getting used to but the phone functions much better for my required "needs" such as Lotus Email for work and the awesome camera. I currently cannot afford a nice digital camera to take pictures of my super awesome kiddos so I opted for a phone that I crossed my fingers would solve my problem.  The camera is not the ultimate of cameras but it does a fine job of capturing each life's moments as needed.The app store is limited but I am excited to watch it grow. The only complaint I have in the MS app store is the lack of a good functioning browser. I'm sure one will be made available in the future.I have owned the phone for 2 months and would rate this phone a 8/10.  Thanks Nokia!  Keep up the good work.

I have been very happy with my Nokia Lumia 928. I've been using it for about 2 months now and I'm glad I upgraded from my HTC Trophy. I really enjoyed Windows Phone 7 on my previous phone and it was the first phone that I've used well past my upgrade eligibility because it was very smooth and stable even after 2 years. I was going to wait to see what else comes out over the coming months but I couldn't pass up the sale Amazon had on this phone. Even though I really enjoyed my Trophy, the Lumia 928 is a big leap ahead. I love all the added features and apps WP8 has and the Nokia software makes it even more unique. I use Microsoft services like OneNote, Excel and SkyDrive alot for work and they integrate seamlessly with this phone. I haven't really found any apps that I couldn't live without that were missing on WP8 compared to IOS or Android.My only complaint is that I have had to reboot the phone, due to minor glitches in apps, more often than I did with WP7. However, my Trophy may have been an anomaly, since I think I only rebooted it for glitches or freezes about a dozen times in the 2+ years I used it.

I've owned this phone for more than a month now & feel it's an excellent product. Very solid and excellent construction. I dropped it twice before I bought a skin/cell case for it without any problems or even scratches. My 1 & 1/2 year old son placed the phone in the microwave for about 10 seconds before I caught him & the only problem I ended up with was a temporary frozen screen. After turning the phone back on, I haven't had that problem any more. Plus my son is not allowed near it now. The screen is large & very clear even in direct sunlight. I like the square shape of it & the numerous color choices to change the theme/tile colors. When I get bored of one color, I quickly switch to another. The camera is of course excellent in both day & night time shots, but the video capture is even better. I have a Sony hand-held video camera that in bright sunlight keeps trying to refocus the lens & half the video comes out blurry. The video on this phone is crystal clear, very bright with vivid colors.My only 2 complaints:1. I wish there was a &#34;forward&#34; button, not just a &#34;go back&#34; one. This would make navigation even easier.2. And my biggest disappointment is that I can't add strings to phone numbers. With my old ancient phone, I could check my bank account balance by phone by entering the phone #, then &#34;pause&#34;, &#34;pause&#34; and then the the account number. With windows phone in general this is not possible yet, although I saw online topics about making that possible through one of the Windows updates. If this is fixed, I will gladly change my rating to 5 stars then.

This is my second Lumia 928. I've owned them since a month after they came out. It's the first smartphone I've ever owned. I loved it so much that I bought a replacement for it after dropping my first one.Here are my experiences with the Lumia 928 as a female graduate student studying computer science and young professional software engineer living in Southern California.CAMERAThe camera is amazing. It pretty much replaced my Canon point and shoot cameras because its camera is up to par with some of the digital cameras out there. I have friends who own iPhones and Galaxy 3s/4s who ask my camera to be the one used for photos since the pictures turn out so great!WINDOWS 8.1 FEATURESI've also recently signed up for the Windows 8.1 preview and I'm loving my phone even more now that. I'm able to have 3 columns of the large tiles on my screen. It was the reason I didn't get the Lumia Icon after breaking my first 928. Cortana is great, but she's in Beta, so she's not fully complete. I love that she can give reminders when you leave locations. I set her up so that if I ever leave my apartment, she reminds me &#34;Don't spend money!&#34; It's helped. :)APP MARKETBuilt-in apps I love: Cortana, Data Sense, CalendarThe app market has also gotten better since I got my first 928 in 2013. Official and 3rd party apps for popular apps I use of have used: Mint, Facebook, Twitter, GroupMe, LinkedIn, OpenTable, 6tag (beautiful Instagram app, better than the official), 6snap (Snapchat app from the maker of 6tag), Skype, Yelp, Bank Of America, Pinsation (Pinterest), MyFitnessPal, Bing Health & Fitness (way better than MyFitnessPal), NFL Mobile Official, Office, OneNote, OneDrive, Waze, Adobe Reader, Beem Plus (DI.FM Radio) GasBuddy, Tapatalk, Star Wars: Tiny Death Star, WP Central. Even the Podcast selection is pretty good.I'm a trance nerd, so I managed to find Armin van Buuren, Paul van Dyk, Markus Schulz, Above & Beyond, tyDi, Morgan Page, Paul Oakenfold and Christopher Lawrence. I usually download an episode from each podcast and I'm good to go on my drive to work. :)Other apps I use and love: MoneyControl (personal spending tracker), DesignMe (a cute personal planner), 6.27AM (an adorable time, alarm and weather app), Phototastic, Yelp, DivvyUp (an amazing split check itemizer), Day Counter (very intuitive countdown app), Emergency Kit (beautiful app for your personal/medical needs from the makers of Day Counter), LC (menstrual period calendar/journal), Snes8x (Super Nintendo emulator).SURFACE PRO COMPATILIBITYIt syncs up perfectly with my Surface Pro. All my images and videos are automatically synced to both devices via OneDrive (formerly SkyDrive) I also plan on making Windows Phone apps, which makes it that much better to have a Surface Pro for programming and emulating.SUMMARYThis phone is a solid phone if it fits your needs.For me, my most important needs were:- Amazing camera,- Facebook, Instagram, Twitter support (especially for uploading awesome pictures)- Productivity and money management- Podcasts for Trance music!- Microsoft Office support- Banking apps (still needs Discover!)Things I didn't really need:- GamesIf you aren't too into game apps but are looking for a solid, quick phone that is aesthetically pleasing and has a lot of the mainstream apps you need to go about your day to day, this phone will more the meet your expectations. Thanks for reading! (:

This is a great phone!-The Nokia stock Apps like HERE maps, HERE drive, Nokia Music and City Lens are absolutely amazing.- I found that this syncs flawlessly with my Windows 8 touch screen computer so that's a plus.  And I hear if I get MS Office 365 I can update my word and excel files on my phone and then access those updated files on my computer.-I was also surprised that even though I had to create a Live.com account, I was still able to sync my Google information.  I'm currently using Gmail which synced perfectly, got my Google contacts in seconds and my Google calendar syncs just as fast as I can input the data.-The phone has a nice quality weight and a very sleek design.-The camera quality exceeded my expectations especially for capturing objects or people in motion without the photo coming out blurry.-I don't feel like I need a case for it to protect it. I'll probably get one for style later on though.-Now I'm spoiled with the wireless charging.Overall I'm VERY happy to have this Nokia Lumia 928 and so far 3 of my friends have switched to this phone after I let them use it. I just surprised it's not advertised more.

I handle the cell phones for our company we have 100 with many different types of smartphones.  I have used all of the Apples, some Blackberry's, several Android.  I set them up and use them for a couple of weeks and  then give them to the various employees, the Nokia 928 is the only phone I have liked enough to keep for myself.Ease of use, you look at one screen for all your info, yet trick out the way you want.  It has the best camera in our company. Who needs 300,000 apps, this phone has all the important ones and getting more weekly.  Trade now you won't go wrong.

I am really in love with this phone. Its well build and looks great. Everybody who looks at the phone is awed by its beauty. The only drawback is the lack of some critical features like notifications and widgets on Windows Phone 8, and the dearth of apps on Windows app store. However, both the situations are improving as we speak.

Yes, I'm pretty happy happy happy with this device. I say DEVICE because to call it a phone is just not enough.Today I had to get somewhere in Friday traffic and I used a traffic map app that showed me which freeways were backed up and got to the location 15 minutes faster than my client who left from the same location.Windows Phone 8 has apps. So 'bla bla' to anyone saying it doesn't.Bing news reader is another winning app.

A few weeks ago, and I upgraded from the iPhone 4 to the Nokia 928. I thought I would regret it within a matter of days, but I'm really surprised at how much I don't even miss the iPhone.  The Nokia 928 has everything I need and it's really enjoyable to use. Plus, it has a some features the iPhone didn't - like a super high quality camera, wireless charging and live tiles on the home screen. The WP8 software is really fast, intuitive and easy to look at. By comparison, the iPhone now seems lackluster and in need of a refresh, but Apple's been slow to show us something new. Seems like Microsoft and Nokia have been working very hard on this one and it really shows. Great job. Great prices right now too!Other Pros:-Calls are loud and clear.-Screen is big, clear and vibrant.-Great flow. Moving around is fast and buttery smooth -  no hesitation or hiccups.-White text on black background makes reading email and menus very easy on the eyes.-If you have a Mac, you can sync iTunes, iPhoto, etc.-Camera  performance rivals a very good compact camera. Close-up mode is absolutely incredible.-Live tiles are useful and customizable. No more hunting through tiny same-sized squares for an app.-App selection is sufficient.  I'm not an app fanatic; they have all the major ones I want.-Tight integration across phone. For example: if you open a contact, you can view recent emails, text messages, social media updates and photos right from within their profile and not have to open separate apps like Messaging, Facebook or Twitter.Some Cons:-Headphones not included.-Wireless charger not included (only a wall charger) so it costs extra to take advantage of this feature.-Phone is slightly larger and heavier than I wanted. This is actually a pro when using it as a camera.-Camera settings are not quick to get at -there's no hidden overlay you can quickly pull up- so unless you use Auto mode all the time, you always have to tap the menus to change settings . Also, some backlit shooting situations can be a little tricky if you don't practice.-No audio streaming that I know of (like Apple's Airplay) . Not really a big deal to me tho.

This phone is amazing! I got it for free at Verizon Wireless on black Friday and I have no regrets at all. This phone is huge. That is a good thing, but could be a bad thing because as a guy with big pockets, it pretty much takes up all the pocket. I only have two things that slightly  upset me about this phone. 1. Meager selection in the Windows App Store. 2. Screen Freezes. About the meager app selection, it will suit all of your social media needs. But, when it comes to games it does not have a very good selection.  Considering that it just came out, it is doing very good at getting the basic needed apps in there first. About the screen freezes. The screen freezes probably 2-3 times every week if you use it all day every day. The simple fix is to press down on the volume and the standby/on/off button for about 15 seconds. This will hard restart your phone and bring you to your main screen. On the other hand, the way the main screen looks is awesome. Its one of the things that mainly attracted me to this phone. My battery, on this phone. Lasts approximately 16 hours with use constantly throughout the day. Now, granted the background data was shut down. Well, my last remarks will be about the durability of this phone. I have dropped this phone multiple times. I once dropped it so wickedly that I thought for sure the phone would not survive. Well, I can say, to this day it is still in flawless condition. The only thing that had minor damage was the tile floor that it was dropped in. The floor now has a little black smudge now, haha. I know I said last remark but this is the actual last remark. Buying cases. There are cases online and stuff, but I settled for a $10 case from my local mall.

The phone it self was good, like making calls and durability but was not for me I had to go back to a more functional phone with the apps

I Like pretty much everything about the phone, my only disappointment with the one i got was a got a good bit of dead pixels on a solid black background in the camera mode. very disappointed. It bugs me, even though its somewhat hard to tell.

I never write a review, let alone a bad one, but this product deserves a review. I have had my phone for ~3 months. At the beginning, I thought it was awesome. I particularly liked having a windows platform as I had had an apple iphone, so it was very nice having MS Office always in my hand. However, I have a few issues with the device itself.First off, it always drops calls (I know everyone says that is due to carrier, but I could always get clear calls at home, work, and school.) even though it has full bars. Second, the call quality is very poor when you do get through. My boss and coworkers complain that they have trouble hearing me (hence, the fat check I am about to write to get a better quality phone mid-contract). Third, it freezes 1-2 times per week (I am not a heavy user. No games, but text, phone, email, and internet). Fourth, headphone jack is very poor quality. It stopped working, the housing started to break. Fifth, picture quality is terrible. While I understand that a cell phone won't have great pictures, anything larger than viewing on the phone itself it is grainy and fuzzy.Pros: Very StylishCons: Poor receptionPoor Call QualityFreezesPoor Quality Headphone jackTerrible Picture Quality

I love this phone but it won't work on my page plus provider. They don't support phone with SIM card needed.

Needed a phone right away. This was a Convenient, quick and easy transaction. Completely satisfied and will use this option more often from now on!

I accidentally throw the phone from almost 2 feet on the concrete. nothing happened except some minor scratch on the top right corner. I like the WP8 live tiles. they really save my time. the OS is very easy to use. the camera is really capable of getting good photos especially at night. I switched from my old android HTC incredible  and I'm totally happy. My old phone was a nightmare which has ended right now...

I've had two Android smartphones in the past... 1) The original Motorola Droid & 2) The Droid Bionic.  Here's the stuff about Droid that drove me to Windows Phone 8...**Battery life - crazy bad to the point where I had to install the extended battery and cover (also true of my friend's Samsung phones).**Connection issues - 4G showing up in the display and the phone telling me during a navigation session "Data Connection Lost".  Really? I'm navigating somewhere... now what?**Random reboots - Oh yeah, never during a call but I'd be in the middle of web browsing session only to have the phone reboot itself.**Browser crashes - happened all the time.**4G to WiFi to 4G transition - a nightmare.  I'd have to turn off WiFi, wait a couple of seconds, and then turn it back on.**Bloatware and the inability to delete Verizon apps.  There were a LOT of unused apps, taking up space, that I would have loved to delete if I could.**Cost - $299 w/2-year contract renewal.Comparison to the Nokia 928**Battery life - you can't change the battery but you really don't have to.  It lasts all day with power to spare**Connection issues - there are none.**Random reboots - never happens.  As a matter of fact, I haven't had to manually reboot this phone for any reason whatsoever.**Browser crashes - none**4G to WiFi to 4G transitions - smooth as anything - there's no interruption in the data flow.**Bloatware - I actually LIKE the apps that came with this phone especially Nokia Drive, HERE Maps, HERE City Lens, and all the Nokia photo apps.  The one "already installed" app I wouldn't use, ESPN, was easily erased.**Cost - $99 w/2-year contract renewal.Notable features of the 928 & Windows Phone 8...Beautiful displayEasy OS - One screen for shortcuts (tiles) and one screen that lists ALL the programs.Great camera - pretty good low light photos, beautiful daytime photos, and a bunch of creative photo apps from Nokia that are fun and impressiveCall quality - very good; no complaintsProcessor speed - very smooth; no lagLive tiles - not the "nightmare" that I've heard of... some are kind of cool, some are functional.  All in all a nice feature to have.Navigation - works without an active data connection (map file is pre-installed).Apps - This seems to be a huge issue for some people.  Are there less apps available for WP8?, yes.  Do I care?, not really.  Why?, there really hasn't been an app that I wanted I couldn't find, or find an acceptable substitute.  I have Facebook, Skype, Open Table, Netflix, Hulu, Pandora, etc.  More apps are being made available daily.  I found a decent tip calculator, a Drop-Box & You-Mail interface that's fully functional, and a bunch of games.  I know there's a zillion apps for Android and Apple IOS, but most of them are crappy or repetitive (how many flashlight apps do you need anyway?).  Oh by the way, all the apps I downloaded and installed were freebies.Thing I don't like about the phone...**Volume control... there's seems to be one control that affects everything (ringer, notifications, alarm, media, etc.)  A minor annoyance, but I would like to have more controls.**No FoxFi (I didn't use free WiFi tethering THAT often, but now I'll have to deal with its absence).Conclusion...I don't miss the Android OS at all.  There were too many issues with it for me to continue using it.  I was waiting for this phone to come out on Verizon and I'm glad I did.  It's not perfect, but it works really well.  Even though there are less apps than Android, they seem to be better written (more polished, more functionality, etc.) and there hasn't been anything I needed or wanted that I couldn't find.  I can't believe I got this newly released phone for $99.If you're in the market for a new phone, don't listen to the FANatics, think for yourself, and take a good look at this phone.

Pros:I love this phone! I had android for 2 years as well as an iphone my work issued me. I got this phone and felt like I was years ahead of the other phones. The phone is fast and fluid no lagging like my androids. Camera is awesome and takes the best pictures! People complain about the apps and not having many to choose from but that is not the case. Yes there are less apps than on apple and Andriod but the quality is so much better in my opinion. I was able to find all my apps that I use or a very similar version of the apps I was looking for. I would definitely recommend this to anyone thinking of switching or getting a smart phone.Cons:No real cons in my opinion phone is build well and is a fest developing OS and it will only get better. cant wait to be a long time user of Windows phone

Coming from a Galaxy S3... have been "waiting" for a VZW WP flagship for 4 years now!Good+ Camera+ Autosync pics to skydrive+ Ability to uninstall Verizon crapware+ Google Calendar sync with multiple calendars shared with you!!! Cannot even do this on windows 8 ( grrrr!!)+ Qi charging is FAST+ Authenticator is truely only one of the MUST HAVE apps and works!+ Twitter app lets you have a Tile per a LIST+ COMMING: Nokia CR-200 Qi/NFC car dock!!! Cannot wait for this!+ COMMING: Waze for WP8!!!Bad-Bluetooth A2DP doesn't reconnect to my headunit that neither of my DroidX / GS3 ever had trouble with.- No SD card (NEED an SD card to sideload apps on WP8) ... for whatever reason "keyring" app where all my lame store cards are stored is nolonger being made but there is an old app out there that there is no way to install on NOKIA phones that omit the SD card slot.- Windows Phone 8 is UNPOLISHED ... just check out the uservoice, most things there JUST WORK on Android and i find i miss them  This includes:-No notification LED/CapactiveButton/FlashLED ... cmon just pick something and flash it already!!-No notification bar to show me things that i have to now use up TILES for (Battery, Time, Emails, Txts)... Problem is that when i am in another app THE TILES ARE NOT VISIBLE HENCE I DONT KNOW ANY OF THIS INFORMATION!!!-no SWYPE... i don't care how much research has been made on the WP8 keyboard IT IS SLOWER THAN SWYPE (no 3rd party keyboards)-Back button in IE wont go back in browser history if you switch apps and then switch back... it now switches apps (AND THERE IS NO BACK BUTTON)-Apps:-NFL Mobile app PRE INSTALLED crashes when opened - LOL!!!!!-2 music apps? XBOX music app has a pretty good music selection when subscribed. but missing a ton of features - cannot even add a song to a playlist?!!?-espn hub.. what a joke and why do your apps on android and WP not support landscape!!-Car Mode - non existent?-Keyring - App no longer supported-Runkeeper - App no longer supported (Caledos alternative has ugly UI.. seems functional)-Facebook is junk - slow and not as nice as android... actually good i spend(waste) less time reading that feed-Nokia - they seem to have their own apps / store / logins / support ... it would be nice to just hide this from us, why do i need NOKIA brand name everywhere. If MS and NOKIA have such a strong partnership just label it all the same and don't waste time adding Nokia Music and Xbox Music... Nokia App Store / Microsoft App store ... Nokia Maps / ? ...TL;DR: - Microsoft ... CMON! polish this turd!!

Great phone, I cant see myself going with another device.  I took my time on my upgrade with a rigorous comparison to all devices.

I switched from the Android operating system to the Microsoft one with this phone. I'm pretty happy with the switch so far! A few apps don't have free versions but I definitely love that I can delete the crap that Verizon automatically installs. Microsoft lets you have a lot more control over the device and the themes are great. Bing backgrounds are also fun since they change every day and are beautiful pictures. I would however like to have a notification light which tells when you've missed calls/texts. Hopefully they have this on newer versions of the phones. I also have occasionally lost reception even though another person's phone in the same room on Verizon will get reception, not sure what the deal with that is though since my old phone never did that.

I have found this phone so easy to learn. Even easier than some of the older flip style "dumb" phones I've had over the years. Everything is so intergrated, and smooth. Camera is phenom, and the wireless charging is super cool! I come home, lay the phone on the charging pad, and that's it! Even with Windows Phone Apps store being behind Android and ios, there are WAY more apps than I could ever download. All the top apps are there. Very satisfied!

I like the phone but the OS bites,  you cannot even set distinct sounds/ringtones for different email accounts.  Looking through windows forums I found post from back in 2008 about this very issue and 5 years later Microsoft has not even breached the subject.  it is no wonder they have >3% of the Cell phone market. Not sure what possessed me to purchase this phone with this operating system.  Like I said one day with the phone and it seems solid but it should have Android no windows.  IMO anyway

Lumia is a very good phone, with a good build quality. It is also a very good value compared to other flagship phones. I have found it to have clear audio on calls. Good screen brightness, quality camera, and speaker phone is loud enough to clearly hear and use. Overall I am impressed with Windows Phone OS as well. OS is very easy to use and learn. I was somewhat concerned about the limited number of apps, but have found apps for 90% of what I really used my old Android phone for as well: listening to music, email, photos, navigation, news, weather, twitter.

I love this product.  It is an excellent smart phone based on windows OS.  It is easy to use and takes great pictures.  I would recommend it to anyone looking for a smart phone.

I've owned numerous android phones and had an iphone 4 before switching to the HTC 8X windows Phone.  That phone sold me on the windows operating system.  The 928 has sold me on Nokia as a phone maker.  This is by far the nicest phone I've ever owned.  For review sake, I'll compare it to the 8x:  Bigger, brighter, and considerably sharper screen, longer battery life, blazing fast, more memory built in, and of course access to nokia exclusives.The biggest complaint against windows phone is the app store lagging behind android and Itunes in terms of the number of apps.  well unless you are an app happy person who has to own every app in the market, windows phone has many popular apps and games, more official apps on the way, and comparable apps.  90% of the apps in the other stores are garbage apps or ones you won't use anyway.I swear by windows phone and recommend it to everyone.  Now that I own the 928, I swear by this phone and nokia as well.  Buy it, you won't be disappointed.

I owned this phone for no more than 14 days before it completely went out on me. It was glitchy from the 2nd day and just got worse after that. You can't take the battery out so if it freezes up, you have to go get a new one altogether. Which, would be fine if you could take it to the Verizon store and swap it, but since I purchased it on Amazon they make you go through them and you are stuck without a phone. I understand that some phones are just defective, but that was not the only thing I dislike about this phone.* I came from a Galaxy S2 to this, and it did not have SOOO many of the basic features or sound settings that I would expect from the typical phone. There's only one sound setting for EVERYTHING.* I got this because of the camera and the excellent reviews, there are very little cool things you can do with this camera and I wasn't impressed with the photos.* TOTALLY lacking in apps. And I really don't use a ton of apps or play any games! Just the basic stuff you want!I am now a proud owner of the Galaxy S4 and love it completely. Camera and all. I have no regrets and would have died if I had to be stuck with this phone for 2 years.

I upgraded to this phone from an iphone 4.  It was a solid purchase and gave me a lot of the upgrades I had been looking for in a phone.  Not regretting stepping from the apple faithful one bit.

I have had Nokia 920 since launch and it is a beautiful phone in every way. This one looks like an even more refined version, hopefully AT&T will get it soon.

Coming from 3 iPhones, most recently from iPhone 5.  This phone is absolutely gorgeous, functional and personal.  I did an app parity check before I switched and realized I really only would miss maybe one or two apps, though they were not life critical.  With growing WP8 share, I am hopeful that the app ecosystem will improve significantly.  I made the investment to switch knowing certain gaps with the platform, but I WILL NOT LOOK BACK.  This phone blows the iPhone 5 out of the water both in performance and quality.  I did get the black one because I like the matte finish instead of the white gloss.Give this a try- the UI is different and it WILL take time to get used to.  But the concepts are fresh and very intuitive once you get used to them.:)

the best phone I have had. I love windows 8 so easy to operate, and I think the tiles are a lot better than the icons on other operating systems

Where do I start? I guess since it's a phone I'll start with the voice quality. It is as clear as a land line, and that has not always been my experience with smart phones. I've had numerous other smartphones, the most recent an HTC Thunderbolt that had fairly poor call quality. The speaker phone has great quality too.The camera is incredible. Even the front facing camera produces high quality photos, and the phone has a number of built-in photo editing features. I've been trying to find a receipt scanning software program that will replace manually entering my business expenses, but the cameras on my other portable devices don't have good enough resolution for those great programs to work. Last night I tried scanning on my 928 and it came out crystal clear.That brings me to Windows Apps. That is the one weakness with this phone. I didn't realize how much I was going to miss the huge selection of Android apps. Windows has all the basics in productivity, games, entertainment, but just doesn't have as much to choose from. I'm sure that will improve with time.I bought the wireless charging pad and love it. No hooking the phone up to it. I just lay the phone on the charging pad (which does have to be plugged in to the wall or a computer). This phone charges faster than any smartphone I've had in the past. However, if you're using programs heavy on graphics like games, it goes through battery pretty quickly. I'm not getting nearly as much time per charge as I expected. The fact that it has a sealed battery means that I can't just pop in a spare battery when I run down, so it's essential to have a portable battery to plug into on the go or a phone charging cable.Customizing the home screen is easy, making it convenient to access the icons I need most often.The only button placement I don't like is the camera button. I take dozens of accidental pictures every day because that button is fairly sensitive and is placed on the side right where the heel of my hand fits. If I change to hold it in my left hand, my little finger rests on that button and triggers it. Hopefully I'll get used to this problem and adjust my touch.The phone has a good heft to it, feeling like it's made of good quality materials, but not so heavy that it bothers me. I have fairly large hands for a woman, and it fits just right in my hand. I bought this phone on the recommendation of a friend who has much smaller hands than I and the size is no problem for her.Overall, I'm happier with this phone than any I've owned in the past.

After waiting for months, I was very excited about the launch of the Lumia 928. I got this phone on the day of launch at noon time. The Verizon store told me we were the 5th buyer. I bought two, one for me and any wife.  I was switching from AT&T.;I know this will irk off some people because they will say the phone is good and I am rating the service...please note these phones are essentially married to Verizon. Unless I buy it at full price and then use it with AT&T...; it will unusable for me. IMHO the phone and service go hand in hand.Lumia 928:-----------The phone is very, very good. It is very fast. The UI is fluid and a joy to use. No lag or sluggish behavior like I notice in Android devices, especially noticeable on Android on the very first swipe to left of right (after the phone has been sitting). I was surprised how much faster apps open compared to my old Samsung Focus Windows phone. Screen size is very nice. The weight is just right. The shape is better than the HTC 8X, whose sharp edges digs into your fingers.Most of the apps I need are all there. Some banks' apps are missing but you can easily use their WAP website instead. For others like Disney, well you can only hope they release a Windows Phone version soon.It does however have a few problems; none of them are deal killers. I am known to be picky:1. The AMOLED screen changes color if you tilt the screen. Dead on the screen is nice, you tilt is a little to the left or right, it becomes bluish. I compared it with my old Samsung Focus...that also has an AMOLED screen, which does not do the same thing.  It may not bother you but it bothered me. It was very obvious in screens where the background is white, like while reading e-mail or web pages. Viewing photos also shows the bluish tinge and while it may not matter to the person holding the phone but if you are showing photos to a couple of people standing beside you....well you get the idea.1.1: AMOLED cannot be dimmed easily.Now this is a serious flaw of this technology. I did not realize until I got a Lumia 920 with a regular IPS LCD display. If you like to read in bed, you will like the non AMOLED screens better. The brightness of a AMOLED screen does not do down a lot. So in a totally dark room, it will still be way too bright to be comfortably read. I searched and found that the inability to dim properly is a hallmark of AMOLED screens. My old Samsung Focus with a AMOLED also used to do the same thing.BTW, in almost all other respects, the AMOLED is better.2. The camera button has no middle stop. Lumia 920 has a clearly felt "half press" to focus stop. You push down a little and the camera focuses, gives a "ting" sound....then you press it fully to take a picture. 928 does have that feature but the hardware button does not have a clearly felt half press. This results in out of focus pics (sometimes).3. The flash is useless. The highly touted flash results in pictures which are too yellow. At first, the white balance seems to be very off. But if you look closely the foreground is properly white balanced but the background is not...it comes out to be very yellow. Maybe the flash "drops off" very quickly? To be fair, you can turn off the flash and the pics come out fine.  The 920 does not have this problem. I hope a software update will fix this issue.4. Bluetooth issues.a. Phone behaves strangely with music playback. For example, suppose you were listening to Pandora music in the morning and you stopped playback. Then in the afternoon a call comes in, you take that call. After the call ends, the music starts playing again! I did not play music, so why does the phone play music? Even weird is that at that time I cannot find Pandora running in the background (by keeping the back button held down)! The only way to stop Pandora at that time is to start Pandora again from the apps list, then stop it. Same thing happens if you use something other than Pandora, like the phone's own native application for music. None of my other phones do this.b. It starts playing music when it loses BT connection. For example, you have it paired to your car and listening to music. When you end your journey, you stop the music (actually pause) then get down from the car and walk away. Eventually you will be far enough from the car to lose the BT connection (or the car's BT will switch off). At that time the 928 will suddenly start playing music from its own speakers. None of my other phones do this.c. It drops connection with my Plantronics Voyager Legend. About one or twice a day the BT connection drops, sometimes in the middle of a call. This could be the fault of the Voyager also.d. While paired to the headset, you dial a number using the keypad, the sound sometimes starts coming from the phone. To switch to the BT headset, you have to press the BT button on the call screen...very annoying. Note that this problem does not happen all the time.e. To be fair, I hear that the Nokia 920 also has some of these BT issues. So maybe it is a Windows OS problem? But how come my older Windows 7.8 does not have this problem.Verizon:------------1. Verizon's coverage was much worse than AT&T.;I was getting only one bar at home (Woodbridge, VA) and none at work (in downtown DC). In comparison, I get 5 bars and 3 bars with AT&T;, respectively. Maybe AT&T;'s signal penetrates building more easily? They say Verizon's coverage is the best but that was not the case in my experience. Having no connection at work was a deal breaker.2. Voice quality of Verizon is significantly worse than AT&T.;I was surprised how bad it sounded. Even the ringer sounds bad. It sounds like a very low bitrate MP3. People sound garbled inside my home, where I get only one bar. I was having difficulty understanding what the other person is saying. When I dialed 611 to complain to their customer service, I had to tell the rep to repeat again and again...I simply could not understand what she was saying. To be fair, none of the people I called said that they were having any trouble...so it was only on my side. At first I thought it was the lumia 928 but I went to their store and made a couple of calls using Android devices, the sound quality seemed to be the same. I am sure I am being nit-picky here. I am an audiophile at heart. But why does AT&T; sound so much better? I googled and noticed many people saying the same thing, most of them saying Verizon's antique CDMA network is to blame.As a result of having service problems I have returned the phones and have been hit with a $140 fee. $35 activation fee + $35 restocking fee on each of our two phones. I am fighting for these fees with Verizon.I have ported my numbers back to AT&T;, voice quality is again clear, like a land line.I would advise anyone switching carriers to:A) Thoroughly test the device in the first 2 daysB) Find a seller with no restocking fee (e.g. Costco)C) Return it within first 3 days to avoid no refund of the activation fee.

Purchased this at a Verizon store in white which gives a very clean modern look to the phone.Pros:The 4.5 inch screen is amazing! Very fluid with swipes and works well outside. Just yesterday a friend was trying to show me a photo on his iPhone5 while we were outside on a sunny day we were trying to shade it with our hands so we could see something/anything. The Nokia 928 has no such problems.Photos are great, especially indoor photos which would normally not come out well on a camera phone. Nokia Smart Shoot takes 5 photos with just one push of the button. When doing family shots it's great. You take a photo, which is really five, then you flip through the five and pick your favorite. Panorama is pretty cool too but I don't use it as much.Nokia maps, city lens, and drive are great! The ability to use the drive with no data usage is key to keeping your data usage down. The ability to set if and when it sounds the speeding warning is great. You can set different levels for speeds posted over and under 30 mph. So for under 30 I have it set to 5, for over 30 it is set to 9. The only thing I wish the Nokia drive had was an option to show a line by line of the directions. My Garmin has that feature and I used it often.The OS is the best. I love the live tiles and the ability to change the size of the tiles. If you use a app or feature more often you can give it a larger tile to make it easier to see/tap. Pining and unpinning tiles to the start page is a breeze.People hub is amazing for those that use there phone as a social device.All the Microsoft products that are included are great for people that use it more as a business phone.Cons:If you are coming from Apple the lack of some apps will be troublesome to you. Windows now has about 5.6% of the smartphone market, up from 3.8 YOY according to Kantor Research. I think once it hit's about 10% which should be early next year the apps will really start coming in.Size: If you are coming from an iPhone the phone might seem too large. Trying to use it with a single hand if you are a woman or a man with small hands might be difficult. I wanted a bigger screen to make web browsing and typing easier so I was appreciative of the larger screen.Finishing thoughts: The Nokia deserves a look whether you are entering the smartphone market for the first time or thinking of switching from Apple or Android. Try it out with an open mind and I think you will be surprised at how good it is.

I recently upgraded to a Nokia Lumia 928 from an old Kin2.  I really liked the Windows Phone platform because it complied with my spacial neatness of my OCD.  The overall build quality is excellent and the sleek white back on mine is flawless.  The phone overall is very quick and responsive and is not bogged down by access programs running in the background.  This phone is very good overall but there are some serious faults though.First I'll start with the positives-The phone is very light and fits comfortably into my hand-The screen is very bright and colorful-The screen can go extremely dim, as dim as the iOS devices-The virtual keyboard is a masterpiece-The audio options are very useful, it has an equalizer that you can control with various frequencies and Dolby enhancer for headphones-Features are constantly updated and added-Wireless charging is super easy to useNow with the cons-The battery life is very short, rated at 17 hours, but actually less-Internet Explorer does not open back up to the last page you were on-After a few weeks of using this phone, during calls the speaker cuts out and I can't hear a thing.  The people on the other line can still hear you talking, but you can hear them at all.  It fixes itself if you knock the back of the phone on your leg, but that is only a temporary solution that you have to repeat multiple times a call.  Apparently this happens because the charging port and speaker are in such close proximity to each other (basically one behind the other) that the workings get knocked around and disconnected.  It only happens about 70% of the time so when I took it in, of course it didn't do it.Overall-Great price-Fantastic running system-Great looks-Constant updates and improvements7/10 - For speaker problem

I bought this phone and it was the first windows phone I had ever used, and it took a while to get use to it, it was not easy to navigate until I was use to it. It has great screen picture quality. I am a photographer and I really appreciate that there is now a phone with a camera that is good in almost all lighting situations. However, about 3 weeks after I bought the brand new phone from the verizon store it would not light up when I wanted to hang up after a call, I had to hope the other person hung up. Then I took it to the store to get the problem fixed and they did a system restart. Good think nokia makes you back everything up all the time. When they did the reset it was going good then it got stuck on the screen with the gears working....the phone died I plugged it in and it still would not leave that screen. I sent it in to verizon they sent me a replacement. I had to wait 4 days with out a phone. I had the replacement phone for 9 days. Then it turned off and would not turn back on. I plugged it in for 9 hours while I was at work. It still would not turn on. Verizon is sending me another nokia lumia 928. It will be 4 more days I go with out a phone. I have spent as much time waiting for a new phone as I have with my new phone actually working. I hope this third phone works better than the last two, if not I will be getting my upgrade back and getting a phone that is guarunteed to be good.

I read the reviews on the is phone from the Verizon website and 94% of the people who purchased loved and recommended this phone! It is so easy to use and has all the apps that I need and use on a regular basis. I have no complaints. I am a verizon customer so I upgraded my phone through Amazon for .01 cent. Verizon was asking for $99.00. I paired mine with the fat boy charging station for a great charge. I highly recommend this phone and the windows operating system!

Have you seen the helicopter video? Youtube lumia 928 helicopterHonestly, best purchase ever. I love using skinners pro to design the skins of my tiles. I love the ecosystem. Everyone tht sees it oohs and awes. I owned a 822 and payed full price for this. Worth e Rey penny

I bought a new one in an auction on EBay. The bottom line: This is THE absolute best phone I have ever had. I switched from Android to Windows and wow I am SOOOOO much happier now. The windows phone makes sense to me because I can close apps very easily which returns memory back to the OS to use for whatever. It basically frees up memory. Android just seems to eat up memory because most apps won't close. So the more you open the slower the android os runs. Not so here. Everything flows very smoothly and intuitively. No hesitation; no waiting; just bang instant results.Windows Phone has really won me over because office 365 is included with the phone. I can sync it with my corporate Exchange mail system and open attachments with MS Office or Adobe Acrobate Reader just like I do on my desktop computer. If you have been using Windows for years I think you will feel right at home with this phone.Nokia has put EXTREME quality and care into this phone. It is very thin and light, yet it sports a 4.5 inch screen with a very high contrast ratio. Perhaps the best part is the picture taking ability. Windows Store shows a special section called Nokia Apps that are only available to Nokia phones. They let you do panoramas easily, and selfies really easily. They enhance focus and zoom and really allow you to take advantage of the extremely fine photographic abilities. The selfie app waits until you are in position and then automatically takes your picture from the lens on the back side of the phone.More and more apps are moving from Android to Windows phone. They run better on Windows. In the past, there has been a shortage of apps on Windows Phone but that has DRASTICALLY changed. In the last year, there has been an explosion of new apps on Windows Phone, partly owing to Windows 8 tablets. At the present moment I have been able to find a huge amount of applications for everything. I cannot always get the same app, like I can get Sports Tracker but I cannot get Radar Now. However, I found MyRadar which does the same thing as Radar Now on the Android.I love this phone. It is the bomb! It took me a few days to learn my way around but after a week with this phone I am extremely pleased. It is the best experience I have EVER had with a smart phone. I STRONGLY recommend this phone and Windows Phone 8. I will happily answer any questions; so ask away!

As a former iphone owner since the 3g, I have been looking to make the switch to WP8.  I have always felt Nokia puts out quality products, so I decided to make the jump to the Lumia 928 and could not be happier.  Doesn't take long to adjust wp8 after ios, the live tiles are awesome and I love the ability to customize everything. Skydrive is easy to use and very handy. The overall experience was seamless and intuitive, everything just worked.The camera is awesome. Low light pictures are sharp as a tack, and the xenon flash works well when shooting in the dark or into light.  If you are thinking of making the switch from Android or IOS...take a look at this phone.

I needed a cheap, cool phone and fast! I am glad I came across the Nokia Lumia because if I did not, I would be stuck paying a lot of money for an I phone. Just make sure when you buy this phone, get a case along with it or else you will be left with a nice looking crack across your screen.

I purchased this device, after procuring a Microsoft Surface Pro (yes I gave up my iPad) and do not miss it at all! I love the phone, and works/communicates seamlessly with my Surface Pro. I personally feel the behavior and performance of the phone far exceeds the iPhone, and is a minimal cost.The only negative feedback, more apps please!

I love it! I am a Windows Phone fan, and this is the best one I have had so far!

Background: In the past three years, I have used iPhone 4, 4S and 5. I also used Droid X and Samsung Galaxy S3. Let me tell you from the start that I am not a loyal customer of any brand. I will give my business to any company as long as they give me the best value possible. Hopefully, this background information will be useful to you since if we are coming from different backgrounds, this review maybe useless to you.First of all, I am not a heavy user. When I had Android phones, I didn't install custom roms or anything like that due to security concerns. I also didn't jailbreak my iPhones for the same reason. I don't install tons of apps or play many games on my phones. Just to give you an idea, I probably had less than 100 apps in my iPhone and much less than that on S3 since the apps that I would want to download on Android platform would require me to accept their unreasonable terms where apps would want to access my contacts, full network access, phone storage, messages and such for no apparent reason. I log into banks and etc on my phones, there is no way I am giving those kind of permissions to apps!As a result, I am not a fan of Android. Also, I had a lot of issues with both of my Android phones. Even the Samsung Galaxy S3 had lagging, freezing and rebooting issues after only 2 weeks of usage. Plus, the build quality of the S3 left a lot to be desired. So, I sold it after owning it for less than a month and purchased an iPhone 4S.My experience with IOS was much better. I initially didn't have any lagging, freezing or rebooting issues at all. What they advertised was true, it just worked. It was somewhat boring and had a small screen compared to competitors but it was safer and it worked great. However, after the iPhone 5 launch my 4S started having performance issues following the OS updates. I am pretty sure that Apple did this on purpose to make their customers upgrade to the newest iPhone. They succeeded as well. I upgraded to iPhone 5 only to regret it later. It is light, fast and has 4g lte but other than that I felt it was the same phone as the 4S.Sorry for taking so long to talk about the product that I am actually writing a review for but whenever I read reviews, I enjoy the ones that make comparisons. I find those reviews the most helpful, so I tried to do the same thing in my review.Now that's out of the way, let's talk about the Nokia Lumia 928. I will break this review down to pros and cons to make reading easier.Here are the pros:- Camera: It takes great pictures. Especially, the low light pictures are very good. IMO, Lumia 92x series have the best camera in the market except for the Lumia 1020 and Nokia 808.- Skydrive: It's similar to iCloud. You can upload your documents, pictures etc to skydrive. This phone will automatically backup your applist, settings, text messages and photos to skydrive. However, you can go to Settings -> Backup and turn backup off if you want to. I turned the automatic back up for the pictures off because when I take a picture that I don't like, I have to delete it from the camera roll as well as the skydrive. I thought I would rather upload the ones that I really like than delete the ones that I don't like from both locations every single time.- Battery Life: This phone has great battery life. However, you have to do a few adjustments to get the full potential. Do yourself a favor and search online for Windows Phone 8 battery tips and you'll see a list of adjustments you can make to improve your battery life. I just got this phone a week ago but I've already gotten 2 days out of it with moderate usage after I've made the adjustments. If you need any help, just add a comment and I'll try to help you out if I can.- Ability to uninstall bloat ware without hacking the device!. Not that it comes with many bloat ware but for example I uninstalled the Verizon navigation without any issues. Its very simple, tap and hold the app and click uninstall. Easy!- Performance: Exceptional. Very fluid, lag free.- Build Quality: Very good. Go to a Verizon store and check this phone out, you'll see what I am talking about. My only problem is the soft keys (Windows, back and search buttons have a yellowish color when lit which is not normal) When I searched online, it seems that a lot of people have the same issue. Honestly, it doesn't bother me. But if it's something that would bother you, just make sure the phone that you purchase doesn't have that issue in the store before you take it home.- Wireless charging: I think it's a nice feature. I welcome any type of real innovation. I believe these type of innovations are not only important for what they actually do currently but also they push competitors to come up with other innovations as well to stay competitive. In my opinion, this creates a better value for customers.- Screen: Looks great. Very nice colors. You can view the screen in direct sun light with no problems. It won't be the same as viewing it at night but it is much better than iPhones and Android devices that I've used/seen.- Speakers: Pretty good. Not on par with HTC One's speakers but definitely better than most.- Nokia exclusive apps: Nokia maps is great. It will give you voice guided navigation with street names. I tested it out once and it worked out great. The biggest plus for Nokia maps is the fact that you don't need data connection. Just download your regions map and you are set. Additionally, maybe due to the phone not having to use data to get map information, it ran much cooler than my previous iPhones and Android devices while using the navigation app which is a big plus.- Value: You are getting a great device, a fluid and stable OS, 32gbs of standard storage and a great camera for only $30 with a 2 year contract at Amazon or $450 without signing a contract. This is a great value. I seriously don't know if there are any better deals out there. I am very happy with my decision to buy this phone. I think you'll feel the same way too.Now time for the Cons:- As I mentioned before, even though this phone has great build quality, the yellowish buttons puts a dent on its greatness.- No sd card slot. I appreciate that this phone comes with standard 32gb of storage space. I also appreciate that we get skydrive for no additional cost but I would have still liked if we had the micro sd card lost so I could pop in a 64gb micro sd card and have 96gb of storage.- Notification bar. It's not a big deal and I understand that live tiles are the notification bar of Windows Phone 8 but I think it wouldn't have hurt having both. There are rumors that the upcoming update will give us a notification bar but nothing for sure yet. Not having it doesn't bother me much but I would welcome it if they added it.- Closing apps: I haven't seen anyone mention this and maybe it's something that I am doing wrong but when you have open apps in WP8, you have to close them by pressing the back button. However, if you for example open the internet explorer to browse the internet and you visit a few different links, you will have to press the back button multiple times to be able to close the app. I find that annoying. Also, to close the apps that are running in the background, you have to press and hold the back button which lets you view all the open apps in the background. However there is no "x" button on the right upper corners (just like iPhones do) to be able to close the apps easily. I have to open each app and press the back button to actually close that app. I think it's a big flaw and they need to address this in their next update. Again, I only had this phone for a week so maybe there is a very intuitive way of closing apps that I am not aware of but AFAIK, that is what you need to do to close apps.- Apps: As I mentioned earlier, I am not a heavy app user so I really don't miss any apps from the IOS. However, I understand that not everyone is like me and some people may have certain apps that they use and are not willing to give them up to move to WP8. So, make a list of your most used apps and see if WP8 has them or not.Conclusion:I really like this device. The more I use it, the more I like it and the less I miss the IOS. I would highly recommend that you give this phone a try. If you have any questions, feel free to leave comments and I will try my best to answer your questions.

This is my first smart phone, and I am very pleased with 99% of the technical specs on the phone. The phone is incredibly user friendly, THE VIDEO AND PHOTO IMAGING ARE BY FAR SUPERIOR TO ANYTHING I HAVE SEEN IN NYC (BEING SURROUNDED BY PEOPLE WHO CAN'T LIVE WITHOUT A SMART PHONE)ON ANY ANDROID OR APPLE DEVICE. The Battery Life is also significantly better.I can't compare it to the specs on the Galaxy IV  because that was a higher price range, but compared to the Galaxy IV & the Apple I5 this has 32 GB of storage! Based on what I have read it is 720 HD resolution for Netflix and YouTube. The Galaxy IV or Apple I5 are both 1080p. For me personally this is not significant for a five inch screen. It records in 1080 HD and can be connected to your TV via an HDMI cable.Although the music app is Nokia Music Tunes, you can upload the majority of your I-tune library via a Windows 7 or 8 PC.The only negative for me regarding this phone is the lack of Apps primarily regarding Video application such as HBO GO, Showtime Anytime, and Amazon Prime video watching. THE REASON FOR THIS IS THE PHONE DOES NOT SUPPORT ADOBE FLASH PLAYER, hopefully this will change in the near future. I WAS NOT MADE AWARE OF THIS PRIOR TO PURCHASING THE PHONE AND I AM ACTUALLY SURPRISED IT DOES NOT SUPPORT IT. IF WAS AWARE OF THIS ADVANCE IT WOULD HAVE PLAYED A MAJOR FACTOR IN MY PHONE CHOICE. SO FOR SPORT ADDICTS DURING PLAYOFF TIME THIS PHONE WILL NOT HELP YOU AT THE MOMENT.Another MAJOR PLUS if you actually use a smart phone in Business; is that it comes with all Microsoft Office applications, Excel, Word, Outlook, Notebook, and Power Point.If you decide to get this phone I highly recommend you attain the phone here or at Best Buy, a Verizon store or Verizon online will cost you double which is simply not necessary. When I saw how it was priced online, here and other sites, I was disgusted with Verizon. I was eligible for an upgrade, but the only difference in the end between myself as an existing Verizon customer, and a new Verizon customer (the service as a carrier is superior) was a mere 5 dollars. I hope the better business bureau looks into Verizon wireless, because the reality is for existing Verizon customers, it is a bate and switch scam, I was content with my "dumb" phone, and their email to me that I would get an upgrade at a discount was simply a means to get me into the store. I could have upgraded my device here and saved A LOT of money. that being said for 50 dollars you are getting an awesome phone that I would put up there with the I phone 5 (with much better battery life) and any high end Android Device.In summary Great Phone- if you are a TV addict you need a Droid or I phone at this juncture and this phone is not for you. As far as Verizon DO NOT buy it at verizonwireless.com or in at a Verizon retail store you will pay double. Otherwise you can see for yourself as the specs are clearly outlined by Amazon, and it does import most music files from I-tunes.

The 928 is by far my favorite smart phone to date. I have enjoyed using the android and Apple systems, but in my opinion the 928/window 8 OS takes it to the next level of function and ease of use. An overview includes:1. The new Windows 8 OS is intuitive, well presented visually and very easy to use. My favorite yet.2. The app's that I have used in the past are available in Windows 8, so I do not see either Android or Apple having  any real advantage. The Nokia app's for photo, maps and music are actually top notch, unlike most of the bloat that comes under most suppliers branding.3. The camera is a standout feature of this unit. Coupled with the photo programs available through Windows 8, this is a true "takeover" camera for all but the better SLR's.4. My battery life has been over 24 hours with moderate use5. The signal pick up of the Wi-Fi has been a pleasant surprise. Areas of poor reception on my Android and Apple handsets come through with solid signals and amazingly fast performance. Nice!6. I live in a poor reception area for Verizon and would see one bar or 3g a lot, especially with my Apple. Not so with the 928. For the first time with a smart handset, I have great clarity throughout the house.7. The screen clarity is also an impressive. At least on par with my Apple 5 and with it's slightly larger size, it's a nice improvement.8. Self set up through Amazon was a 5 minute, painless affair.The 928/Windows 8 is well worth your consideration if you are in the market for a no compromises top of the line smart phone. At the .01 pricing at Amazon, it's the best value in the market.

I love this phone.. wasn't sure at first but the more i used it the better it got. very happy

Its been a long time coming and I must say, I am not disappointed.Weight of the phone is not really an issue but it would be perfect if it was a thinner phone.Other than that I am perfectly satisfied with the 928. Camera is fantastic and apps to aid pictures if that is your thing.Sound is great.App ecosystem is slowly getting better and 3rd party apps make up for need to have apps that are unavailable.Look of amolded screen is fantastic.What can I say, I think this is the best phone I have had to date.

I wanted to get away from a Droid for a while mainly because of the battery drainage. This one drains about as much as well but I have to face the facts, if you want a smart phone that is what you're going to have to deal with. But for the most part, I like it. I am a computer technician and used to techy stuff. This is quite simple compared to a droid once you learn it. It has plenty of apps. I just don't like that it doesn't have flash on it so I can't play my fb games etc... I can watch video's however. If you want a phone that is more like Window's this is what you need.

I have to say that this is a huge step up from my old phone which was HTC Rhyme. Granted that upgrading to any phone from the Rhyme is a big plus, but I digress. Anyway, I really love this phone because for one the OS is really simple and easy to understand and customize. The call quality have been very clear and easy to understand, and the camera is out of this world. I go to a lot of shows and can record a band so well that it looks professional.Bottom line, this is an amazing phone and the apps are really coming around. Thumbs up!

Preamble: The main reason (deal killer) for me is that Windows 8 phones cannot play .wav files (meaning I can't use it to listen to my email voicemails) even though the specifications on the Verizon website say it does (false advertising?).I feel bad giving this device such a terribly low rating because the device itself is quite nice however, the OS's limitations rendered it practically useless to me but if it cannot perform some very basic functions, it just becomes a very fancy paperweight.First off, let me address the phone itself: It is indeed a very attractive piece of equipment that garnered a lot of compliments in the three days that I used it. The display is amazing, its response is fast and fluid and in general it looks and feels like a solid, quality device. Coming from a Motorola Razr Maxx, I was afraid no other phone would keep me happy, as the Razr Maxx's massive battery had really spoiled me. However, I was fairly impressed with the battery capacity of the Lumia 928 which, after average use, I would end up with 50% - ~30% remaining at the end of a typical 12 -14 hour day. I also purchased the vertical wireless charging cradles which I immediately fell in love with - they make charging such an easy, convenient task. I'm not much of a cell phone photographer but the picture quality (without flash - more on this below) is stunning. Call quality is super clear and the speakers/mic certainly live up to their tasks. Now on to the shortcomings...Cons:Integrated Battery - cannot add a larger capacity batteryNo Memory Expansion - I really didn't mind when I bought it due to SkyDrive. However, with memory cards being so cheap, I really resent the new trend in committing your memory capacity on an otherwise extremely versatile piece of equipment.Xenon Flash - Although the camera is impressive, the xenon flash gives pictures a very yellowish tint - best to take pics without flash.Lack of Swype - Android has really spoiled me on this one (originally a Microsoft feature? and man, do I miss the physical, vertical QWERTYs - never had to look at my phone to accomplish one-handed texting on those!). Although WP8 uses word prediction, it's still not quite as practical #(wasn't it also a Microsoft product to begin with?).Lack of a Built-In Bedside App - the last few phones I have had prior to this turn the phone into a bedside clock when plugged into the charging dock. There's an available app but it's not automatic. Not a big deal, but just a slight annoyance.Last But Not Least - The OS Limitations...Fist off, as I mentioned earlier, the windows 8 phones cannot play .wav files (at least some variants). I receive my voicemails from work via email so when I'm away from the office, I get an email and immediately listen to the voicemail. First email I received, and I get a popup to the extent of "sorry, cannot play this type of file." I read several forums and this has been a known issue since at least November of last year and although some people have reported that Microsoft is working on a solution, I found none. I contacted Verizon, Microsoft and Nokia which they all confirmed wav files are not supported. I wasn't given any expectation of a fix, much less a timeframe. As such, I cannot use this phone or any WP8 phone for that matter (All my previous phones - every variant of a Motorola Droid has never had a problem playing my voicemail attachments). There's a couple of online services that convert the wav files and reroute the emails to you, but this did not work for me, since my faxes get emailed as well and when I tried the service, my fax messages disappeared in the cloud. A luck few have been able to get their phone providers to change they type of file extension they send out, but I had no such luck. Such a shame, because I really liked this phone. I had been waiting several years for a decent Windows phone to become available (to integrate with all my office applications for mobility) and when it finally came, it was a huge disappointment.Other than the wav files issue, Windows 8 phones cannot sync directly with Microsoft Outlook. I ended up having to set several loops through a Hotmail account, an Outlook.com account and my gmail account to get email, contacts and calendar all synced. As a result, I have double reminders on my calendar events. Even worse, when I log into Outlook.com directly, my appointments don't show!As I mentioned, I had been anticipating a phone like this for such a long time and the Lumia 928 is almost everything I wanted in a phone, but the Windows Phone 8 OS is not ready for business-oriented consumers, especially considering the basic, established functions and popularity of the lacking services.If those few issues are not a concern to you, then you might be extremely happy with the Lumia 928. I highly recommend the phone in and of itself which is a beautiful, high quality phone. Hopefully it's clear that my rant is aimed at the OS more than at the phone itself but the bottom line is, I cannot use this phone. I hope Microsoft can work out the kinks by the time my eligibility for another upgrade rolls around in a couple of years, then I might give it another try. In the meantime, it's back to Android for me.

I have had my Nokia Lumia 928 for about 1 month now. I had an iPhone 4 before this. And let me just warn you! Over half the apps I had on my iPhone are not even available on the Lumia! The camera is nice but I haven't noticed that much better quality. At least not compared to iPhones. It doesn't feel as sturdy and the buttons aren't as conveniently placed. Not only that, but the battery life is terrible! I have to charge it twice a day! I charge it overnight and by 2:00 pm its dying! It does have a very cool music mix app that is free, if you have WiFi, otherwise it uses up a lot of data. And I can't complane about 30g's of storage! The other bad thing is that internet explorer doesn't operate as well as safari when trying to link apps. Other than all that, its an ok phone. Hopefully they have updated and changed most of these problems on the newer lumia's.

I've been using this phone for about a week now, and I love everything about it! The camera is the best I've used on a mobile device, the build quality is a lot better than I expected, and the screen is absolutely gorgeous! The battery life is somewhat of a problem if you're a social app lover like myself, but if you just use your phone for texts and phone calls, you'll easily make it a full day! I do miss the apps that I had on iOS, but Windows App Store is quickly gaining some of the most popular ones, and has many alternatives for Instagram and Snapchat. Overall I'm pleased with this experience and love my Nokia!UPDATE: August 3; my birthday. Had to call Amazon again about a weird volume glitch where it would randomly go up and down on its own.. They called VZW and they confirmed it was a Hardware Issue, and authorized for it to be replaced. After that, Amazon gave me a link for a UPS label to send it back in.. Hopefully it won't take too long, I never realized how small the iPhone screen was! haha.UPDATE 2: August 6, they refunded the purchase instead of replacing it... I called and got the 928 exchanged for the BlackBerry Z10, and now, I'm having to replace this phone for smudges under the screen... I don't think I'll buy another phone through Amazon...

I never though I would go back to paying on a 2 year contract, but after my prepaid service decided to just stop working ( no reception at all) for 5 days straight, I decided this phone was more than worth it and I was right! Thanks Amazon, for offering it for .99 Cents the same week my phone service went crazy! It was meant to be!

sleek and easy setup. no issues. excellent camera, using carl zeiss technology. Very durable, no scratches and no need for a plastic screen protector or case.

Does everything i need. Beautiful and fashionable.Only downside is the high frequency of shot down. Not sure it's because of windows.

My contract was up with Verizon and my phone (Droid Global 2) was acting up.  I knew I needed to get a new phone and was about to go with the popular i-phone.  I asked my husband what he thought. He looked around online and we both agreed that the new Nokia Lumia 928 had everything we wanted plus more.  I take a lot of pictures and video with my phone so that was a number one selling point for me.  The pictures turn out great.  I was surprised with how large the phone was compared to my older phone but it did not take long to get use to holding it and it is lighter than my old phone.  I really thought I would miss the QWERTY keyboard my old phone had but I find texting and searching the web to be fine on this phone.  This might be because of the size of the screen too.  Calls come through clear.  Overall I am very happy with the purchase of this phone from Amazon.

The apps available suck and they never work. I'm even having a hard time writing this review. Worst phone I ever owned and I like windows phone's except this one

Best phone ever I got 2 for my sons and they work just awesomely so if you are looking at this phone I suggest you definitely buy it

It is so refreshing when using this phone.. Interface is awesome. it is slick and very responsive!! Trust me and make a switch if you are a Android user!

I had been waiting for this phone for 6 months, as ATT had an exclusivity contract with Nokia for the 920, and I must say that it was well worth the wait. This phone is fantastic all around. I can't tell you how many android and apple users have stopped me to comment on my phone, picked it up to play with, and sighed with regrets that they just renewed their contracts picking up a new Galaxy or iPhone.A brief breakdown by area:Hardware: Nice size and weight, not bulky or heavy despite some biased reviews out there, and is certainly lighter than the iPhone once its been "Otterboxed." Smooth and curved on the back for ease of holding, squared off on front. Easy to reach the whole screen with my thumb despite having small hands for a man. Wireless charging with the basic charging pad is quick and simple. Very satisfied to not have to struggle with micro-usbs anymore. Can't comment on durability because I haven't dropped it yet.Interace: Sleek, smooth, feels very high end and hi-tech, making the iPhone and Galaxy feel dated.Screen quality: Beautiful.  Slightly dimmer than the iPhone at top brightness. Good visibility outside in sun.Battery Life: Pretty good, with heavy use you will likely need to recharge at least once daily.Apps: This is the big gripe point with WindowsPhones in general. There are fewer of thost "must-have" Apps, most notably instagram, dropbox, and personally for me HBOGO, however, these are the only Apps I find myself missing. There are decent 3rd party apps that can do the same. Lomogram for instagram, SkyDrive for dropbox. No 3rd party HBOGO app, but Netflix and Hulu are available. Pandora and Nokia music should keep you happy on the music end. Built in email interface is far more robust and streamlined than the android version...as a Gmail user I was very surprised by how much better Microsoft was able to manage Gmail than google based android. Facebook App is more than adequate. The App situation should improve substantially, particularly in light of the 928 now available on Verizon, and T-mobile getting their own flagship 925.Camera: Best available in the market. I have not picked up my Nikon DSLR because the shots I get off my 928 are comparable if not superior, particularly in low light. I took a photo this AM with family in pitch-black closet, and the quality is phenomenal with the xenon flash. Low light shots without flash are quite good as well. Very cool photo apps like SmartShot(takes rapid burst of pics and you pick the best one), panorama, and an animated-GIF app.Video: 1080P, better than real life quality. Can't do much better than this.Sound: On full volume(30/30), the sound can fill the room, although can be tinny at highest volumes).I can confidently say that if you take a chance and pick up this phone you will not regret it.

I love the Nokia 928 Windows 8 Phone! I have nothing bad to say about it. If your in the Market for a new Device you can not go wrong with it. It has the best Screen and Camera I have used yet.The User Interface and OS is just Amazing! Also, If your a Xbox Live Member and Facebook/Twitter user you will be blown away by the Intergration.Everything is easy to understand and get used to. if your coming from Android or iOS you will Love this Device.The Live Tiles Rule! Pin what you want on your Home Screen and Always know what's new in just a glance from the live tiles always showing the latest info and notifications.The Quality of the Phone itself is second to none! Nokia and Microsoft made this Phone to be user friendly inside and out, and with Verizon's 4G LTE the Speed on the Network is Mind Blowing Fast!

Even with fewer available apps than my old iPhone, this phone is so cool!I love the size, it fits my hand so well and the pictures it takes ate gorgeous!

This is a warning for those purchasing the Nokia Lumia 928 WITHOUT a plan and/or off contract with Verizon. The Nokia Lumia 928 from Verizon is UNLOCKED by default. You DO NOT need to purchase a plan to use this unlocked device. Not only have various websites confirmed this, but I purchased the White Lumia 928 from my local Version store at full price, off contract, on May 27, 2013. I'm currently using my AT&T; SIM card in this phone. No unlock code is required unlike the Lumia 920, which I had as well, to use other carriers like T-Mobile. The reason for this post and the 1 Star rating is due to Verizon and possibly Nokia blocking the usage of other carriers networks' Access Point Names, or APNs, other than Verizon's. APNs are specified carrier configurations to use network data and send/receive MMS or picture messages. I can make/receive calls and text message, but can't surf the web or send pics.Nokia released an App in the Windows Phone Store called "Access Point" enables you to easily manage individual operator settings for internet, MMS and internet sharing features.http://www.windowsphone.com/en-us/store/app/access-point/ce3895c7-01d0-4daf-a4c3-25c10463942dThis app works on every Lumia device except for the Lumia 928. I hope for Nokia's sake they did not purposely create this custom firmware for Verizon's Lumia 928 which disabled any overriding of Verizon's APN...cause if so, they both are in violation of the Code Of Federal Regulations (CFR) 47 CFR 27.16 (e). I already filed a complaint with the FCC if either you Nokia or Verizon need motivation to fix this...

Ok,I got this cellphone around a week,this is the good cellphone I think, this time I have a correct choice ,very nice.the very important point is Lumia928 is better than Andriod and Iphone,that`s ture!! Although the APP is less than Andriod and Iphone,but that is enough to me,and that is not Nokia`s fault but Microsoft`s,so ,What can I say? Whatever,Lumia928 is the best by best cellphone ,forget Andriod,forget Iphone,Enjoy the WP8....In the end,I want to say the customer service is professional, make me a good shopping experience,thank you very much Amazon.

We were pretty tied into Google apps, more than we thought.  Many things are nice about the hardware and phone.  If you already use Microsoft Live and other Office apps, then this would be a great choice.

I generally don't review things and I'm not tech crazy, but I do know my way around smartphones and whatnot. This gem is so incredibly intuitive - finally a phone that does things that make sense!! Great screen, great call quality, fun live tiles - just fantastic! I'm not an Apple fan and I was tired of finicky droids and my Lumia fits the bill. Lack of apps is not a huge deal - they have the key few I wanted, OneNote is great, and the only thing I'm missing is my SiriusXM app. Great phone - definitely buy one!!

I switched from an Android, While the 928 was in route I worried I had made the wrong choice, no Google Navigation, lack of apps, etc. I LOVE this phone! Nokia Here Navigation is great and so is Nokia Music (think Pandora with no ads), you will not miss Google Maps. No bloatware, no reboots. Only con so far is one volume for everything, which will be corrected on the next update sometime in the first half of 14. If you are on the fence, come on over, you'll love it!

This is the best phone I have owned.  It has a larger display than iPhone but still fits nicely in the pocket.  The live tiles provide useful, continually updated information, the camera is great with lots of creative apps, and you have Microsoft Office right on your phone.  The user interface is intuitive and smooth.  The built in navigation system is clear and accurate, with spoken directions if desired.  It finds locations by name quickly and directs you to them while you drive.  I prefer it to my Garmin.  There is nothing I don't like about this phone.

Phone had great picture quality, and decent call quality, that's about all it had going for it.Now the bad parts.Speaker went out on my phone and any time it rang, made a notification sound it would crackle. Got this fixed under the warranty and it never happened again, mostly because it lived a short life before the touch screen would quit working and require a hard reset.  Sent it back, they sent me a new one and still the same problems.  I don't really blame windows for these problems, I blame Nokia for making a crap phone all around.

I have owned Apple, Android & Symbian phones in the past. This phone beats them all hands down. Nokia has come out with a real winner with this one. Voice quality is crystal clear - I have used this phone both in the US and internationally and it has performed above par in all environments. Data access is super fast thanks to the Qualcomm Snapdragon processor. Number of apps for Windows are definitely less than those for Apple and Android phones, but that is really not a deterrent. The available apps fulfill my needs and more. Windows 8 is easy to use and very responsive and intuitive. Camera is A++, never seen such crystal clear pictures even with my 10MP digital camera. I am very happy with my purchase and would strongly recommend this phone to anyone. You will not be disappointed.

I've had the phone a little over a week. Build quality is top notch. I like windows 8 OS, the market is a little lacking, but it does have most of the apps i like to use. I have an HTC DNA, great phone, I though a 5&#34; display was the way to go. But it's to bulky in the pocket, the 928 is the right size. I use the Microsoft Sky-drive cloud service, so 32 gig's is more then Ill ever use. the Screen is clear, clean and bright. Photo's are very nice, with this phone you don't need a camera. I'm a Windows 8 users at home, office, Hotmail, I like the integration of that in one device.  i also like is the ability to remove Verizon's bloatware, you cant do that on a Andriod phone. Cons: the capacitive buttons at the bottom, the paint job needs a second coat, the white looks a little yellow. The market place, not a lot to choose from.  But with good LTE coverage, what you can't find in the market place you can find on the web.

The 928 didn't live up to all the rave reviews here and on Verizon's site, in my experience.  I sent back my glossy little white 928.  Well, not little, it's big, and heavy.  Too much.  With a case this thing flopped around like a mini brick in my pocket, and the sharp corners made taking it out of my front pockets about as easy as taking well-used bubble gum out of your pocket.  Didn't like the three buttons on one side, at all, and I pressed that @#$% camera button accidentally more times than I can say.  Had lots of candid shots of my toes and the living room and blurry who knows what, but luckily they automatically downloaded to sky drive so I had to go delete them there also.  Actually, I know it is handy to have them automatically backed up like that, but only if you don't mind everything getting backed up.  I love the idea of a designated camera button, but it really should be some small, round button near a top corner or something.  Or, maybe it's just how I hold a phone, but the three button setup on one side didn't work for me.  Also, keyboard (and it's all you get) doesn't have a way to enter numbers on the main board..you  have to go into a second screen for numbers, then back to the other screen for letters.  This became really frustrating as so many emails, passwords, not to mention texts and emails have plenty of numbers and letters thrown in there.  Keyboard autocorrects decently well, but is still lacking in several ways.  It was much like the OS in general..very fluid and uncluttered, but over-simple not always in a good way.  The good: low light camera..they tout this for a reason, but, for me anyway, doesn't make a phone in and of itself.  Live Tiles are different..I think many will like the kind of mosaic, visual page they create (I did), while others will miss their static droid and iphone screens and think the windows phone looks chaotic.  Live tiles often don't update quickly enough to be very useful (say, battery percentage, for one), but overall kind of different and fun.  OS does work fluidly with most apps, which is nice.  Email like gmail and yahoo worked well with the built in email app, loved it.  However, it's sort of a take it or leave it OS and app store, very much like iOS, though of course Apple has a vast app store.  If you like Windows Phone ok, then great, because that's it.  No notifications, which Windows Phone will probably fix as it's just become too much a part of people's other smartphone experiences: ESPN news or scores for your favorite team, say..no go on the windows phone.  Or just having all your notifications at a glance on one page.  Again, some won't mind, but for others very frustrating.  I'm not a social media fiend or even hard core phone user, and I still missed my notifications (and a notification light on the front, which 928 does not have)As much as I wanted to try something different, it was hard not to keep getting the sneaking feeling my phone was behind the time, by at least a year if not more.  Obviously some don't mind and want something different enough that they're willing to wait it out as Windows throws money at developers to at least get the 'normal' stuff out in Windows apps.  Not to say 928 doesn't work quickly..no problem with speed and whatnot..then again I fully expect that of any new phone I get.  Battery life..so so. And the phone ran hot way too often for my comfort.  On the plus side, wireless charging is available for this phone and is an awesome feature.  IMHO, that should be universal for all smartphones today, but alas no.  Also, despite battery life being mediocre (and no ability to swap batteries like you can with the galaxies, for example) I will say it charged quickly.  It was nice to be at about 20% and get most of it charged back up in about an hour.  That's great.  I just found myself not enjoying my 'phone experience' as days went on..the shape and heft, the button placement, the concessions you need to make (just being able to change your tiles from red to mauve does not mean customization in my book).  I also had what I assume were SIM problems, but I don't know how much to blame on the phone.  A couple times texts would not go through, then suddenly would later in the day.  On first activation it took a long time and several attempts to reseat the SIM to get it working.  Later, a couple times my phone went dead and would not turn on, then magically after minutes or hours would just turn on by itself.  Not confidence-inspiring, and unfortunately you just don't have the luxury of seeing whether things work themselves out as time goes on.  Worthy of note here: if you need to return your contract upgrade phone via amazon, do it as quick as you can.  I returned it within the 14 day Verizon mandate, but of course after shipping time, processing time, etc., it was past the 14 day, and Verizon makes you jump through some hoops.  I called both customer services..Verizon will treat you like a bit of second class citizen if you don't buy through their store, so be ready.  Amazon cell phone cust service was great however, and I had to call them a couple times before finally getting my upgrade date reset by Verizon. You will have a few more do-it-yourself moments if you purchase through another vendor like Amazon, BB, etc., but price usually makes it worth it (for me anyway)..just be ready to have a bit of hassle here or there perhaps.  Again, AMazon service (the specific cell phone folk) were friendly and helped a good deal and even will help you activate your old phone if you wish now that you've had to send your new one back..the worst of it was some waiting and some being put on long hold, which is sort of part of the deal.  Anyway, wish I could have loved the 928 as much as I wanted to, but didn't feel comfortable thinking of 2 yrs with the phone.  For the price, super..I think that is what has them getting a ton sold, which is smart on their part.  Overall that can only help both Nokia and Windows Phone, but, again, we're looking down the road a bit to see the benefit.

I'm writing this to first say this phone is the best yet and to dispel a couple of wrong comments I have read in other reviews.A little background...My last experience with a windows phone was an HTC running Win 5.XX.  Not so good but I really liked the idea of easy sync with my computer.  Since then I have had about 6 phones...blackberry, I-Phone, and android with my most recent the Droid RAZR MAXX HD.  The Blackberry's were great but started falling behind.  The Androids are fun but a little buggy, and the I-Phone and I just are not compatible.Then along came the Nokia 928 to Verizon, I love it.  It is not as playful and gadget filled as others but it just plain works effectively and trouble free.  It is not as "Powerful" as some, but it does not need the same amount of processing power because the operating system is much more efficient than Android.  This 928 is every bit as fast as the MAXX HD, I-Phone, S3 and S4The battery specs also do not match some others, but I am just going to say the battery life is just as good as what I experienced on my Droid RAZR Maxx HD, my son's S4 and the I-Phone.  The sound quality on calls is every bit as good and the external speaker for music and speaker phone is definitely better.I read in one review that the NFC does not work with Android devices.  This is simply not true.  Maybe it does not work with all, but I know for a fact it works with my wife's S3 and my Son's S4.  We have traded pictures, videos and other data with NFC.I read in another review that the pictures are not very good or have a red tint. This has not been my experience.  The quality is definitely not as good as our fancy DSLR but it is as good as our small point and shoot digital.  Video is also very good for a phone.The call quality and reception seems to be the best of all the phones I have owned.  Even with a large multi-layer protective cover and skinomi skin.And now the "lack of Apps."  I am not one who likes to use my phone as a level or as entertainment for my 5 year old.  I use my phone for communication, keeping my schedule, music, and tracking my rides and hikes.  Guess I also use it for maps and travel...I do use it for a lot of things and I have found all the apps I need...for free.  And I must admit my five year old has been playing games.So In summary, this phone is better than any android, blackberry, and i-phone I have ever used. In the month and half I have had this phone there has been no freezes and the touch screen is great. Its not ass powerful or feature rich as some, but t does not need to be...it is more efficient..and better in my opinion.  I recommend this to anyone and everyone...

I came from blackberry but I love my new Nokia Lumia 928. In my opinion the Windows 8 OS is better than Android & Apple. The user interface is extremely pleasant to navigate. It is quick & efficient. Uploading my documents to SkyDrive was easy as pie. Syncing my contacts, calendar, & hotmail with my phone was a breeze. Not too mention this phone is sexy as hell! I really wanted the HTC One but that runs on Andriod. Don't let those other operating systems on the Samsungs & Iphones fool you. This  phone is the one to get. The other cell phone manufacturers really need to embrace this operating system because it's fantastic. This OS is the best kept little secret. Don't forget to get your $25 credit for the app store after you purchase your phone. Do not hesitate to purchase this phone.

My husband needed his own computer device, but he isn't a computer guy. What to do? I have a Kindle Fire, very useful for media consumption, but he wanted something that felt more like a computer, so we chose a Windows Surface RT because it would integrate well with the computer system we already use for work and entertainment. Good choice.Then his iPhone died. Moving on from Apple and continuing on our Windows path, we chose a Nokia Lumia 900 series phone available from his cellular network. I fell completely in love with his phone, so even though my Motorola Droid wasn't dead, I headed into my cell provider's shop and traded up. Way up. (Not an Amazon-verified purchase because I got the phone directly from my cell provider.)It's the camera, is the thing. It takes great shots in low light (if the subject isn't moving) without a flash. I love the "live" tiles. I love the customization of those tiles. I love the clarity of sound ("Can you hear me now?" "WOW, yes I can!"). I love the integration with my Windows 8.1 laptop. I love the Nokia-provided apps. I love using 6tag to get to Instagram (which is now available) because it offers more filters and frames than Instagram itself.I just love this phone. If you're thinking of switching from an iPhone or Android system, know this: some sales people will tell you that you'll have to manually re-enter all your contacts. Not true.Nokia has an app called "Transfer My Data". If you don't already have one, create a Microsoft-based eMail (an @outlook.com, @Hotmail.com, @live.com, etc) account. You don't ever have to use it if you don't want, but you'll need it to manage the phone.Download the Nokia Transfer My Data app into your new Nokia. Turn on the Bluetooth in both your new Nokia and old phone. Within a minute all your contacts, photos and video will transfer to the new phone. Now customize the screen to your heart's content.Enjoy!

This is the best phone that I have used. I am coming from a Galaxy and my wife has an iPhone 5. Both do not add up to what this phone does, at least for me. You will love how. Easy it is to use, the camera, and how fast it runs. You could not pay me to switch to another phone right now. The only problem everyone is having is, keeping them in stock.

I remember many years ago using is Nokia, since intelligent machines came out, Nokia began to decline, but we found that Nokia is also trying to seek change, like on the cell phone camera, Nokia created its own characteristics, the future is very optimistic about it,

Pros:-Screen is very vibrant-Amoled will save energy on black pixels-very good call quality-speaker phone option is loud-phone is easy to hold on to-build quality is goodcons:-one dead pixel :(-if you turn up the speaker to max, sounds a little tinny-need more developers in MS app storeI really like this phone.  I previously had the Samsung Droid charge, which was my first smartphone.  The Nokia phone has a larger screen than the Droid Charge and feels lighter, and is thinner.The app store leaves something to be desired.  Hopefully more developers will get on board.  Most of the main apps are on MS (facebook, twitter, linkedin, etc).  The *edited for clarification* official youtube app apparently is not supported on the 928.  I can see the app, but it won't let me install it.  There are other non official youtube apps. *end edit*I can get through a day of use on one charge.  I also like the wireless charging (one less thing to mess with).The phone does have the ability to turn into a mobile hotspot, though I have not tested that yet.I really like the ability to delete the VZW apps off of this phone, without rooting the phone.

This phone is super fragile and has multiple software glitches.  I shouldn't have to soft reset a phone every other day.

The camera is amazing. The interface is so simple. Going from Android to this was so nice. I love this phone. It is not bloated with all the BS the new Android phones are loaded with. It is simple, easy to use, has an amazing camera, has an amazing picture and can be customized in ways other phones cannot. There are some limitations with applications and customizations but this phone came with everything I needed including Office, an awesome photo editor, the best text program, the best voice program (works amazingly well), video player, etc. The live tiles work so well on this phone that you will wonder why no one did this a very long time ago.

I purchased my Lumia 928 about a week after release and eagerly awaited its arrival from the FedEx man. I was not disappointed, this little beauty is a gigantic upgrade from my HTC Trophy (Verizon's previous lackluster offering for Windows Phone 7). The screen is crisp and vibrant, the AMOLED screen really shows off the Windows Phone UI of 'colors on black' style really well. The UI is quick and responsive, along with integration with Skydrive I'm able to access files and pictures from my PC on my phone and vice versa. Very handy when I want to share Excel files and the like.I'm not a huge mobile gamer but I'm impressed with the library of games so far (Royal Revolt is eating up some of my time right now while watching my girlfriend shop for clothes). Apps in general seem more than sufficient for me, as I am somewhat minimalist and not looking for 600 fart apps like iPhone and Android users seem to be. The Store is growing with new, quality app contributions every day.Pick this phone up if you're on Verizon and the price is right (I got mine for around $50 and I see its priced even better now at $20 or less!). You'll be very pleased with it, promise.

I am so happy with my Nokia 928 and the Windows platform. I went from a Blackberry to this phone so I cannot compare it with an IPhone or and Android.  Even better, by purchasing from Amazon I saved $99 dollars from the local store prices. It was easy to set up the phone on Verizon once it arrived.

I dont have a ton of time to write a review, so it will be short.I wanted a non apple device that just worked, after years with android, and dealing with its crap, i switched to WinMo.I am happy i did. The device works, it has yet to freeze, reboot, or give me any issues.  Android constantly gave me problems, it is so fragmented that it just didnt always work. This works. Sure it may be missing some apps and web browser options, but they are coming along slowly. I use my phone to text (on screen keyboard is great), email (gmail), and browse the web (IE). it works.  Just wish it had flash, i miss flash.

I'm shocked. I wasn't really sure what to expect. I'm an avid Android phone use--all the way back to the first Droid Eris but between my Android tablet, phone, was getting bored with the os (I know, I'm weird) plus I used to have a Nokia phone way back in the day before smartphones and it was an awesome device. I really wanted to try another Nokia. I don't really play games or watch movies on my phone as much as some people, I use my tablet for that. I look a great phone, apps for weather, news, facebook, twitter, and a great camera. The camera was a selling point because mine had an 10 mp camera, but just wasn't that great. I am so surprised at how many features this phone has that my droid does. I can talk my texts which is a must, wireless charging is a must (I'll never buy another phone without it), speak my calls or my webpages and the voice pickup is very accurate. The one thing that surprised me the most was you can talk and tell your text messages to send which on Android you always had to hit the send button which defeated the hands off approach. The Nokia maps is great. Ability to have those offline as well as music app download offline is really great. Call quality on this thing is amazing, just as I thought it would be. Speaker and speaker phone is also great. The speaker phone hardly picks up any background swoosh noise or anything, which is nice for the person on the other end of the call. You can customize the tiles and make them as big or small as you want, so if you like a picture on your phone, make the tile bigger. My gmail and all my email accounts come over flawlessly to this phone as well as all of my contacts from my gmail side. Like I said, I'm truly shocked--I wasn't expecting to like this phone very much but the free price tag really was appealing. Oh, camera is awesome! Screen is nice and bright even in sunlight. It is a little heavy, but I like that in a phone and the slight curve to the back makes it easy to hold. Give it a try--you might be shocked as well :)

This is my first review. I am so disappointed with this phone so I want to help others not to make same mistake.This phone freezes a lot - only soft reset could help.After couple of months audio not working - could not hear anything while calling to other people  - it is working with speaker, with headset but not on the phone itself.Customer support in Nokia is not helpful - the only thing they could suggest is to send them the phone and they don't care about sending a replacement for repair time.Don't buy.

Beautiful design, good battery, great camera, turn by turn navigation, great maps.Dropped on hardwood floor from 5 feet high and phone is perfectly fine.

Great phone. We really love it, and love all of the windows features. Great deal! We aren't sure if we'll ever go back to anything else!

After hesitating for more than 3 months about WP in general and the lack of apps etc, I finally pulled the trigger on this one. Happy that i did it.Nokia has done an awesome job. The design is awesome and WP does good too. Battery @2000mAh is great. If you dont switch on WiFi it lasts even longer.Here's what I liked most -Nokia - sleek design, awesome camera/camcorder, Nokia HERE apps are ultimate, Nokia Music is great..I downloaded the mix offline to hear and its great...I even found good collection of my mother tongue songs which I did nto expect to see.WP8 is great - I like the tile concept, the interface. For my gmail and yahoo, I just used the inbuilt mail client rather than the specific app. Happy so far on that. Only thing missing is a one-tap-call feature. In WP8 its two taps.Hope my experience continues just like this...

I have been getting two days to a charge.  Certainly better then the 2 hours with my old phone.  Windows Phone and live tiles are great.  Good bye Andriod.

I purchased my phone on May 16th, release date, and have enjoyed it ever since. Beautiful, clear screen. Amazing pictures. Terrific sound from the speaker and solid smooth system.  I know it doesnt have all the apps that Apple or Android have, but it has enough to cover most, if not all, task that you want to do. Battery life is terrific. Used my phone for a memorial day BBQ and family and friends were amazed at the pictures i took when compared to the shoots taken with Iphone 5's and Android phones by others.I am not a true fan boy for Windows, but am happy to say that my Nokia Lumia 928 is a great phone. No issues like what i had with my 2010 AT&T; HTC Desire phone and I dont get bored with it, like I do with my wife's old Iphone 4 - wife has left Iphone for a Galaxy S4 because she was bored with IPhone also, almost got the Lumia 928, but didnt want to be the same as me, but she is still a little jealous that my phone take better pics than her new Galaxy, but I think they both do a great job.

I had iPhone before and was disappointed when it died few month before contract finished. I was talking and it just stopped working on nice sunny day. Rep told me that it was in water but it never  happened. Later i found out that Apple was sued for this - apparently there water indicator was working wrong and was red after some time even if phone was not wet.BUT thank you Apple for making crappy water indicators. Now i have the best phone i ever owned. Just few things i like most:1. Camera Quality - i was not using phone for pictures but we went to mountains with friends on 4th of July. We all shared pictures later and every bodies opinion was NOKIA makes the best pictures. And we had all kind of phones - iPhones, Samsungs, HTC's.2. HERE Maps & HERE Drive - i just want say that house that we rented was not on the Google or Apple map at all. We was driving 3 cars and other guys had to spend hours looking for the house - asking police and locals.3. Interface - it is original, intuitive, looks nice. When i look at iPhone it looks like something old boring. I do not want even talk about Android - they just copied Apples interface. Would you buy fake Rolex??? why would you buy Android?4. Apps - i have all apps that i had on iPhone and actually bought 3 times more - just because they are nice and well designed. Please do not compare 500K of Apple apps with 150K of windows apps. I think quality is much better for Windows apps.

Awesome camera!Awesome call quality!Awesome build quality!Awesome OS! (WP8 is frustration free, silky smooth, fun, different, and robust enough to tinker with)Awesome native MS Office integration!Highly recommended!

The Nokia Lumia 928 on Verizon Wireless is a great device for those who want a Windows Phone 8 device that has a lot of great software.  The screen resolution is wonderful for pictures and reading text.  The included Nokia Cinemagraph and HERE Map and GPS programs make it great as your travel companion when going from point A to point B.

I've been using the phone for 3 weeks now.  Very pleased with the performance, build quality, and the screen is excellent. The Windows Phone 8 OS is a huge improvement over WP7. The interface is still elegant. I know of a few people that switched from a Windows Phone to an Android, they now regret it. No one phone will be right for everyone, but there is no doubt that the Lumia 928 is one of the best phones regardless of OS now available on Verizon. I love the tight integration with Windows 8 desktop and I highly recommend using it with Office 365 for seamlessly syncing all your contacts, tasks, calendar, and email. (Your free Live Account will do a lot of that for you too, and you get 7GB Skydrive for free). If you had (or are leaving) a Blackberry, then that's the way to go.  The phone should have some life to it because the hardware will handle the next major software upgrade from Microsoft.One problem I have with the Lumia 928 is something Verizon did, not Nokia: You can't add your PIN to the voicemail so it automatically goes to voicemail, pause a few seconds, provides the PIN, and you are ready to hear messages.  Verizon must of killed the option so they could push their $3 a month Visual Voicemail.  I hate those type of carrier practices, shame on Verizon.  (One workaround is to add a person call Voice Mail to your contacts with a home number of *86,,PPPP#  where PPPP is your PIN, then pin that contact to your home screen.)  Again, that is a Verizon induced problem, not the Lumia's fault.The major criticism with the Windows Phone platform is the lack of Apps. Reviews are fond of pointing out that Apple and Android have a lot more Apps.  But lets be real, of the hundreds of thousands of Apps, the majority are at best redundant but usually out right junk that no has downloaded and if they did they deleted them immediately after using them once.  Also Microsoft does a much better job at scanning Apps for malware. So far I've been able to find the Apps I need on the Windows Phone.  Those Apps tend to be well written, and consistent to the Microsoft App design guidelines.  This consistency in design, menu place, overall organization make the phone a pleasure to use.  Whereas Android does have many elegant Apps, the majority of Android Apps are a free for all of design, cluttered, inconsistent, and all too often darn right ugly to look at.

Love it! Fast, intuitive....great purchase. Screen is beautiful and pictures are amazing! This is my first transition to Windows phone after using android.

Background:I owned the Iphone 2g, which was a spectacular phone for its time.  I stuck with iphone until around 2011 when I started to think it was boring and I bought a Droid razr, which was also a good phone but not spectacular, I eventually broke it and upgraded to a galaxy nexus.  I became very accustomed to android and its ecosystem.  I used TONS of different apps, launchers and eventually ROMS for my Gnex.  I loved the phone and I loved androids customization.  However by 2013 the phone had lost its luster, I was sick of the poor battery life, instability and LAG.  So I thought about getting the Galaxy S4 or Note2 or even waiting (I'm on Verizon) for the HTC one.  The problem was I was worried about the battery life of all of those except the note 2.  I knew I didn't want to go back to Iphone because even though it is super stable, with tons of apps, its just so boring to me.  So I thought I might try the lumina 928, that was a week ago.Lumia Review:-Build quality-The phone is really extremely well built.  Especially coming from a samsung phone it seems very durable and study.-Setup--No Sweat.  The phone added all my verizon backup agent info and then nearly seemlessly merged it with my contacts from my google account.-Call Quality--wow, no really wow.  Loud and clear.  You can tell the phone has 3 mic's and advanced background noise cancellation.-Keyboard--Since this isn't android the keyboard better be good and luckily it is very good, and very accurate.  I was worried coming from swipe that this might be a deal breaker but it's so smooth and it autocorrects very well.-Screen--The screen is beautiful, Just go look at one at the store, its great.  I read before I bought it that the white has a greenish tint if you look at it at a sharp angle and that is true.  However since I am the one using the phone I don't really have to worry about that.-Windows 8--I am actually really impressed with the OS.  I always think of microsoft as old-school but the interface is very clean and minimalist.  The apps are lacking like you read in every other review but I don't have anything that I miss that much other than my bank app (USAA)  I can use pageonce  instead or just go to the mobile site but I really do miss that app.  Otherwise all the apps I really use are there and more are coming all the time.While windows 8 is not in the same realm of customization as android it is much more fun and customizable than IOS, while maintaining the same stability as IOS.  I like that live tiles of different sizes, they don't replace widgets from android but they do hold some information and flip from front to back or scroll through photos...etc.I also really like the Theme aspect of WP8.  I used to customize my nexus from top to bottom and make it a black and white theme or a super-hero theme or a family theme....etc.  WP8 can't do everything that android can but you can quickly change tile colors or from a black or white background.  This may not seem like much but its cool and it takes only seconds and everything remains stable, smooth and fast.-Camera--The camera is very good, I am not a huge camera buff.  I use it to take pictures of vacations or kids or events and so on.  I have used it quite a bit and the Nokia photo suite is really useful and intuitive.  The Xenon flash works like a charm and works for flashlight apps too.  The talk about it being a great camera is true, however it does sometimes seem to change its white balance very quickly.  Like I said I am not a camera buff and that might be fixed in the settings but out of the box, its one of the things I noticed.-Battery--This was and is one of the deciding factors for this phone, I hated charging my nexus all the time.  So far for me the battery life has been great.  I did get it down into the 30% range in like 6 hours on the first day but that was with near constant use.  With normal use it makes it though the day no problem.  That being said I was trying to get all the info I could on the battery before I made this purchase so I will tell you all I know.With the GPS on (Nokia Drive+ is great BTW) I think the phone will last a little over 3 hours with no charging.  That is much longer than my android phone but still a huge battery drain as most GPS's are.The phone is SUPER efficient in standby, I mean I think it uses .5-2% per hour if you just leave it.  My nexus would easily go down 7-10% per hour and this is much better than that.The lumia 928 comes with a "battery saver" in the settings.  You can set it to turn on manually, when low, or always (not recommended).  I am not sure why always is not recommended but I have it activating when the phone is "low" which I think is at &lt; 40% (when the battery turns yellow).  The phone gets more efficient below 40% and seems to last as long if not longer than the last 60%.The battery has done really well so far and I liken it to an Iphone battery, doing more with less.  If you are coming from a razr maxx or Note2 you may be disappointed otherwise I think this will do surprisingly well for you.-Recommended apps--If like me you are coming from one of the other platforms with 6X as many apps you may want to know which apps you should pick up.-The new Facebook and Twitter work well I think they have been updated since most of the reviews.-I like USAToday and WSJ news apps, I missed apps like stubleupon, pulse and flipboard so I started to use weave but I didn't really like it.-UC browser is better than IE.  IE is ok, it will work but you should try UC browser.-Customizable tiles(wifi, bluetooth, location) getting one of those apps is handy-Netflix works well-Audible is an app I use daily and It works well-ebay and amazon are good-Pageonce is a good app if your bank isn't in the windows store like me-I love the roku remote app (if you have a roku), I really like not losing that little remoteOverall I really recommend the phone.  I think its stability is great and its not boring at all, the camera is a standout and the usability of the phone is through the roof!

I've had android and iOS, and I finally made the switch to Windows Phone last year with the HTC 8x. I immediately fell in love with the OS, but was nor impressed with HTC's quality. The Nokia Lumia 928 is exactly what I was looking for! Superior screen resolution, camera and on board storage, not to mention all of the Nokia specific apps. If you want WP on Verizon, this is it. If you're on iOS or android, give WP a try. You won't be disappointed.Nokia Lumia 928, White (Verizon Wireless)

The Nokia 928 does everything that I want a smartphone to do and coming from the Android OS the WP8 is truly a pleasure to use.  This phone meets all of my needs plus I find the HERE Maps and HERE Drive to be a real pleasure to use. The only slight negative is that some of the "nature" apps that I had on my old Droid are not yet available on the Nokia - hopefully that will change in the near future.

The product and the reviews looked great. I'm a Verizon customer and their store is 0.2 miles away - but I always go to AMAZON first.  The deal is better than Verizon.I selected the Nokia 928 for Verizon and went to checkout.  I indicated that I would be adding this to an existing Verizon plan - and it validated that I did have such a plan.  Continuing with checkout I indicated I wanted a new phone number for it.  Then I came to "Add A Line Elgibility" - where it wanted "Enter the primary account holder's information" (which it already had provided, but I entered it.)Below this and a privacy notice was "Customer Information"  where it asked for DOB, Drivers License number, state, and expiration date.  Then below that was the logo for EXPERIAN - the credit information gatherer.Amazon knows me, and finds me credit-worthy - and doesn't need this information to get their $0.99 from me.Verizon knows me, and finds my existing account credit worthy.1. WHY AM I BEING ASKED FOR THIS INFORMATION?  THERE IS NO RATIONAL BASIS WHY IT IS NEEDED!2. WHY IS EXPERIAN INVOLVED?3. Is Amazon making money by selling information about this particular purchase to Experian - or4. is this just an uncharacteristically crummy ordering process?5. Is Amazon willing to proceed with this sale in the absence of knowing by drivers license number?Stay tuned...

Initially I was worried that this phone would be slower than it's 4 core Android counter parts. This phone only has 2. I was honestly surprised. It is as fast as any of my buddies Note 2s and even their new S4s. Speed to use this phone is really fast.
