
I bought this phone a few months ago. It was a great phone when I very first got it. After a while, it stalls. It also logs you out when going on websites (even as easy as checking your email or going on Facebook). The touch screen chooses when to be "touchy" or not which is somewhat strange. However, this phone does have a few good things about it too. It's a great size (if you don't mind it being a little bulky). The camera is pretty good quality. Voice talk texting is wonderful! The internet moves at a prety good speed (when it's not stalling or logging you out). The battery life is pretty good. Charging the battery is fast because it doesn't take hours to charge up to 100%. Overall, it's a pretty decent phone. This phone costed me $179 and I'm pretty happy about my purchase.

Good evening,I bought a Samsung Galaxy prevail 2 two weeks ago, unfortunately  it doesn't work here(because of the signal)  and ask you for the possibility to change it for another one (maybe with similar characteristics). As I already paid this phone I'm thinking of giving it as part of the payment of the new smartphone.Thanks...

It's was for me friend ..She loved it ..Thnxx amazon..

nothing but problems. turns off by itself, the battery life sucks, and it just wasn't a good purchase. i want to send it back today. tried to give it a chance but it's no good.

Came quickly and brand new and at a great price! All other merchants were selling it for more than a hundred $.

I didn't want to go for a BIG Samsung phone, as I have access to a laptop a lot of the time.The Galaxy Prevail II is a great smaller phone with most of the bells and whistles of the bigger Galaxy phones.Tons of room for apps; great performance; easy to use.  Battery life seems excellent.  This "entry-level" smartphone of 2013 seems superior to top-end units from just a few years ago.A great choice for users who don't want a bigger phone with them.  And not a bad way to save a few hundred dollars in buying the phone, too!

I purchased this phone with a gift certificate and bought it &#34;refurbished&#34;.  The phone did not come with important numbers on it so that it could be transferred to a personal Boost Mobile account.  Being low tech, this was my first smart phone, and not having required numbers contained inside the phone (behind the battery as instructed) was not a good experience.  Additionally, the phone was dirty and dusty, which makes me wonder how well it was refurbished.

It is okay not the best phone, my calls drop and not getting my text on time or two minutes late.

There are so many negative reviews on this phone and I honestly don't know why. Its a good phone, has a pretty big screen. Lots of space. It does lag sometimes, but its usually just at the end of the month when you need to reboost (add money). I would recommend.

My grand son loved the phone.  He knew exactly how to connect to Boost Mobile and was able to keep his old phone number.

I love my new phone

when i saw the advertised about the . phone on the amazon page it says the packet include the phone, the charger and the hands free.but when i got the package and i opened it was only the phone and the charger, the hands free was not in.

The phone was exactly what I expected and more. I really am happy I got this phone. It is a nice phone and it really exceded my expectations. I highly recommend this phone. I ordered a refurbished one and It is like it is brand new.

Not blast  sim

I bought this cell phone for my grandaughter and she loves it! I love the price. She loves the fact that it was easy to set up, it has two cameras (front and back), loves the color, the clear screen, and most of all---SHE LOVES EVERYTHING ABOUT IT!!!!!!!!

I bought this without researching. b/c I wanted a white phone.... seriously..... I had the moto g before and it was way cooler There is only 2mb of memory on my cool white phone. I had the lg venice for almost a year before and I wish I had not bought this when the others are cheaper and better! the moto g was great but sluppery with the shell. it cracked on the concrete. vanity left me in vain.

got it on time and great phone.thanks.now waiting for my cover case for the phone.thanks great jobsincerelyhelen

So I haven't had this phone for over a month and it won't come back on already!  I want my money back....

This phone is ok. Alot of times I have alot of problems with the sensetivity of the screen. I lose alot of calls behind this.

Phone worked fine for about 3wks...until it went haywire on me...I can't even master reset the phone without...pop ups saying that android has stopped for sum of reason

Nice little smaller than expected, other than that great phone, great price, new in original box, lil disappointed.......in the size.

I love this phone! Its versatile, clear and the perfect size. I love the fact that I can pick up WiFI almost anywhere.

i am really annoying because the cell phone that you send me do not use SIM card and i live in DR and here this cell phone i can not use it.

Great

the phone is an upgrade for me.  Its not too big and its not too small.  It does all the functions that i need and the battery last long.

Its not my Samsung Galaxy S 3 that I had.But I have had it over a week now and it is everything I need in a phone.I ordered it one day and got it the next day. I loved that option.The price was great.

I love the phone. They ahad the best price and he got here quick. When you activate you still have the option for insurance through boost mobile.

i choose the i love it cause the product work good and i will refer this product to my whole family, friend, and co workers

Great phone!  I recommend it to anyone.  I am not a high tech person and this phone is very user friendly!

I am actually considering returning the phone I purchased. It does not meer my expectations. Sometimes the screen does not respond to touch and the speaker makes a fuzzy sound sometime.

We are still pleased with the phone after having it one year.  The only downfall is storage/memory which makes the phone slower.  We suggest getting a memory card or upgraded phone.  Other than that, very good phone.

love it

ITEM WAS NOT WHAT I EXPECTED IT HAD MORE SCRATCHES THAN WHAT SAID THEN WHEN I RECEIVE THE PHONE IT WORK.

I love my new phone, it was affordable and came two or three days earlier. When I get ready to purchase a new phone, this is were I am purchasing it from.

The first one I orded automatically restarted by itself. The one I exchange with you guys was much better. Please consider trying out your phones first.

I've ordered this product in December, 2013 and this is March 11, 2014. I didn't open it until January to use it and it started having problems in February. I cannot return it because of 30 day expiration. I feel like it was a refurbished phone, not a new one so I have lost my money on this product.

My husband bought me this phone since our son broke my Galaxy Rush. I love it! Crisp, clean screen quality. Camera is only 5MP, but that's ok with me. My pictures look pretty sharp. I'm not a technology crazy zombie, but I do want something of great quality. I have small hands and this fits right in one palm. The S3 was just too big in my hands. I love it. Just can't say that enough. I also really like the white. It's a first for me, very attractive phone.

I purchase this phone for my daughter she loves it..her only complaint is the size.

Purchased this phone for my girl for a back up phone, has a lot of good features. She likes it so I Love it..

Great thanks

I first had issues about this phone as it was said to be 4g, however that was a mistake on Amazon website and I was issued a credit for keeping the phone. Amazon has the best customer service in the world and they make sure you are satisfied. back to the phone it does the job and I am satisfied with it, but someday I will purchase a 4g Boost Mobile Phone to stay up to date. that purchase will be made thru Amazon of course. #My Favorite Company#

This is the worse phone I have ever purchased in my life. I have had the phone for over 6 months and if I could return it to get my money back or exchange it for something else I would do it in a heartbeat. The sound quality is bad. The phone shuts off on its own. The battery isn't worth two dead flies. It stopped reading my memory card, so I can't play any of my music or save photos to the SD card. When I tell you to run away from this thing I mean it. Don't put yourself through the irritation that is this phone. ANYTHING is better than this.

I wish I never bought this item. Did not realize it was Boost Mobile. I have no service what so ever where I live. I thought I was buying an At&t phone to continue the service I had with the to go plan that I have serviced for years. I spend most of my time at work and at home and both places I have no service. What good is a phone that has no service but in town. I rarely spend any time in town. have most of my 5 GB left for not being able to download many apps and music nor pictures for low storage space.  I have not been able to receive pictures the past two days even though it showed I was it never downloaded. If there is anything you can do about this phone please contact me by email I will not be putting anymore money into the Samsung! cdntburrell@yahoo.com

This phone doesn't have good service like the Samsung galaxy s 2 I had

Looks nice, but has very poor signal, battert dont last long like how it &#34;says&#34;. -Battery life is so poor-.. internet is bad!.. IT FREEZES ALOT.. ITS SO SAD TO SAY THAT MY KYCORE HYDRO WORKED BETTER THAN THIS JUNK!

Very good

I love this phone it does have problems with it acting up, but over all its a great phone :)

everything that I would want in a phone. I had an older version and even purchased the Tablet awesome device.

Delivered when stated,  in packaging, brand new and so  far, performance is good.  Have only owned this product for less than a couple of weeks.

I like this phone but planning on returning it. I have boost mobile service and with this phone the service sucks in my house.

love it... this phone is has many new things my old phone did not they shipped it just like they said, this is someone I will buy from again.

Worked fine out of the box and for the first month or so but started to hear echos and the phone itself would spaz out and not let you answer a call that was clearly showing up.  It's not a horrible phone but for the price I'm very disappointed in Samsung for putting this out there.  We switched it out with an SIII.

I purchased the Samsung Prevail 2 mid August 2013.  Expected a "less expensive" alternative to high end.  I was moving from a Net10 ZTE Merit.  I suppose most anything is a move up from there.The Prevail 2 works for me - carries lots of tunes (with an SD card,) room to add the basic apps I want (Radio tuner, facebook, etc.)  I don't do games or much texting, etc.  Prevail 2 had what I wanted.  Perfect set up for a reasonable price.  Got it with Boost Mobile so no contract.  That was a must.As I have seen mentioned in a few reviews, it seems to stop and reboot randomly.  Must be a Microsoft designer behind it somewhere.Two months in, I'm satisfied for what I wanted

This is my first smartphone and i love it,also 1.4 processor WORKS FAST ENOUGH for me......like i said it is a great phone for me....

My son loves his new phone. He hasn't put it down since he got it. Hopefully it lasts longer than his last phone.

I like your

My daughter simply loves this phone it puts you in the mind of a smaller S4 it has alot of wonderful features

Heyy this phone is great, it's just like the picture shows. I got it for a good price and came earlier than I expected.

I have enjoyed this Cellphone .  It is dependable and it is kinda quick . It was purchased a couple of Months ago .

Sometimes the sound is staticky instead of the tone selected. Other then that it's an okay phone. I would get a different phone next time.

Product would be wonderful if it did not fall short of its intended use. The call quality is abysmal. The call volume is too low. In order to use this device to make a call, you must either put it on speaker and press the extra volume button or always have it attached to a Bluetooth headset that has its own volume control.The display is amazing it is clear and big enough that you do not feel like you are missing anything-content wise on the screen.Not a fan of Android Jelly Bean OS as FoxFi Wi-Fi Hotspot does not work on here (Bluetooth works fine but only allows one device at a time to be connected and you cannot use Bluetooth headset while using this as hotspot.  This phone does not have native Hotspot tethering. This may be due to the custom cell broadcast version that sprint as placed in this OS to intercept the broadcast of FoxFi or any app that request to tether as sprint wants you to not only pay for your data but also pay for how you use your data effectively charging you twice.Overall, I would avoid Samsung&#8217;s newer products unless they can be rooted as what is the point of a locked down phone with poor call quality.

This phone is just what I was looking for. It has all the functions of a much higher priced phone and works just as good.

I love this phone it does all that I need it to and MORE. I bought the galaxy ring from virgin mobile and sent it back because it would freeze and lock. This phone is by far the coolest smart phone I've had, and the speed, storage, and camera are equally awesome. You definitely should buy this phone.

I got my phone today very good phone has nice cameras works pretty good 180 dollars it is worth it

This is my first smartphone...didn't want to pay a ton and wanted no contract. This phone works fine...phone call sound is a little fuzzy but overall, ok. BUT BE WARNED...even though you can use an external SD card YOU CANNOT move any apps you download over to it. You need to 'root' (jailbreak) it first. You CAN move music over but that's it. Definitely not the pre-installed apps...my only disappointment.

This is an OK starter smart phone. Without spending too much cash you can see what features Samsung has. When I first bought the phone a few months ago, I was using it for everything. From email, facebook, watching videos... It was not long before it froze up. Had to completely reset it to factory settings (lost everything I downloaded). Now the memory keeps filling up, not sure why? I can start the day with 500MB of the 2GB used. And somehow without downloading anything, 1.9GB of the memory is full. I cleared the cache on every app and program and it does not make a dent. Checking the forums, this is an issue with this phone. Even deleting the 5 small apps I downloaded will not free up the memory. The only option is to reset the phone to factory settings. Had to do this 3 times in the last 2 months. I reset to factory settings last week and the memory is full again. I have only downloaded 5 apps, under 200MB's in total. Boost Mobile support will just tell me to reset it again. Very frustrating!

I bought this phone for my daughter and she loves it. The Samsung Galaxy Prevail  is perfect for a 7th grader. This phone is just enough for her lifestyle of watching videos texting and playing games. I can't get her to put it down.

very good

Sometimes turns off when I didn't even press the power button. Um wtf? And sometimes the camera doesn't even work. Lmao switching phone and company when I get a job.

This phone is really really awesome. I cannot imagine anything as cute and smart as this set; not at least in the present market. I really am a big fan of this cell phone. That is why I keep the set as cleaner as possible with the help of25 iCloth Avionics Cleaning Wipes for Flightdeck Displays, Ipad touch screen, Monitors - Aerospace Grade Dupont Sontara Wiper.

good job you got through with my issues without charging me . thanks again for your concerns over the issue

I bought this phone for my 13 yr old son and he loves it. It has everything he wanted on a smartphone with out the high price.

I'm in love with this phone. I can't find anything wrong with it. In my opinion its better than my kyocera hydro edge. I'm not a fan of kyocero phone set up. I like Samsung a whole lot better. The plus is this has front camera and my kyocera didn't.. Its great for taking your own picture or with a friend. This phone has everything you want with a phone but not big price for it. If your looking for a nice phone but don't want to spend a lot money for it. I would get this phone!One con it doesn't come with a lot memory so I would bigger size memory card. If you take a lot pics like I do and download a lot of apps

This is the worst phone ever do not buy. Samsung should be ashamed and will do more research before buying a new phone.

This phone does not has a Sim Card.

This has been giving trouble from the beginning. I gave it as a gift and I am disappointed. It froze all the time, the sd card is pointless and needs a reboot every week.

I HATE IT. I CHOOSE THIS MOTIVATED TO THE NOTICE OF THE PHONE ON AMAZON IN NO SIDE DESCRIBE THE PHONE IS CDMA TECHNOLOGY AND THEREFORE HERE IN VENEZUELA BECAUSE I CAN NOT USE ANY PHONE COMPANY THAT WORKS WITH TECHNOLOGY QUALIFICATION. SO I LOST MY MONEY AND PHONE NO USE FOR POWER IN VENEZUELA HERE, BUT THAT WOULD NOT RETURN GUARANTEE ME MY MONEY BACK.(LO ODIO. LO ELIJO CON ESTA CALIFICACI&Oacute;N MOTIVADO A QUE EL ANUNCIO DEL TEL&Eacute;FONO EN AMAZON EN NING&Uacute;N LADO DESCRIBE QUE EL TEL&Eacute;FONO ES TECNOLOG&Iacute;A CDMA Y POR LO TANTO AQU&Iacute; EN VENEZUELA NO LO PUEDO USAR PORQUE NINGUNA COMPA&Ntilde;&Iacute;A DE TEL&Eacute;FONO TRABAJA CON ESA TECNOLOG&Iacute;A. POR LO TANTO PERD&Iacute; MI DINERO Y EL TEL&Eacute;FONO POR NO PODER USARLO AQU&Iacute; EN VENEZUELA, QUISIERA DEVOLVERLO PERO ESO NO ME GARANTIZA LA DEVOLUCI&Oacute;N DE MI DINERO).

It is a great phone but i don't know why it keep turn off by itself . I don't think I will get it  again

I got this for my son, whose old phone gave up the ghost.  He likes it a lot and says it gets good reception, is relatively fast, and fits in his pocket.  It seems to be a very good buy, since the price was very reasonable.

Cuts off consistently.  Wish I would have purchased something different. Feel like they sold me a faulty phone was not refurbished like posted.

you do not need the latest ang greatest phone. This phone is just as good as any expensive other one on the market.I got a great price. Very happy with it. we all don&#34;t need an Ipone 6.

Can not get the phone unlocked ! Nice phone but I can't use I guess if I was about to use it I would like the phone

The phone is very nice and has lots of nice features. It's smaller than the phones I'm used to, but for the price it's a really good deal.

This phone is horrible DO NOT BUY! SAVE YOUR MONEY!!! I so wish I could get my money back, even my 8 year old doesn't want this hunk of crap.

Freezes, dies, beeps when no message, doesnt beep when there is a message, terrible reception, bad camera, boost says just take battery out and put back in

please throw this cell phone in trash all of them worthless phone ever made

i buy this for my mom and the phone is giving a lot of problem and a i hate that because its just a month now and it freezing on her shes complaining! i don't think i'm buying any more phone from hear i feel safe buying from the stores

I thought i was going to get a used phone but when it came it was brand new in the box; when you re-activate a phone on that has already been used on boost you have to pay a $10 fee, I was prepared to pay that fee and I was very suprised when I got the phone and it was brand new in the box! I defiantly recommend this phone to everyone!!! I LOVE this phone, best phone i've ever had. BETTER THAN THE IPHONE I HAD!!!!!!

I just received my phone and I like it alot. Its fast and pretty and reminds me of the galaxy s3

Ive had truble with it shutting off randomly since i got it ! But other than that its an okay phone.

Cuts off.  Turns itself off and reset itself to factory settings today erasing all numbers, pictures, etc.  Spend more and get a phone worth having

Every time i call someone i cant hear them! They assume to be able to hear me. (They let me know via text, THAT actually works.) This phone is crap! Worst phone ive owned! Can i send this in for a FULL refund?!

Add lied and phone doesnt even work, wasted $100+  phone shuts off Internet glitches when on wifi and camera shutter sound isn't able to be disabled or even lowered for that matter

The only thing that's hard to work is the querty keyboard. This phone is infinately customizable and fuctions perfectly well for its price. I'm sure iPhones of the same price don't compare.

Purchased 2 of these phones 1 for myself to replace a Trac Fone and another for my younger brother, both phones had other cell phone numbers ported over within 2 days this was the only good thing. Then we took my brothers phone to Subaru to have it connected with BlueTooth well the Subaru was 2012 model and this phone was not compatible - STRIKE 1, Then I tried to connect my phone to a MultiPoint Speakerphone from BlueTooth again not compatible the only BlueTooth this phone recognizes is SPH-M840 - STRIKE 2, To top it off the contents in the box were incorrect there was no car charger included and the phone was not made in America as indicated but instead it was made in China - STRIKE 3, Someone needs to update the Activation Guide, Re-Boost & Important info booklet - Under step 2 Get Activated go to Boostmobile.com/activate according to this website address it said you could not transfer your number online so I called the number listed 1-877-TLK-More turns out this number is no longer in svc you are directed to 888-211-4727 this number is Sprint and it was there I was told because I did not purchase the phone directly from them they could not help me. These phones are supposed to be brand new in a sealed box - just how old are these Samsung Galaxy Prevail II (Boost Mobile) cell phones that Blue Tooth is not compatible?

I love my new samsung galaxy prevail 2..it more then I could ever ask for.I feel I can do it my friends do on there phone now.

Love it!!

This is the worst phone I have ever owned and I will never ever ever again buy a samsung product since they sold me this piece of junk. When you go to google and search some or any webpage for that matter it comes back with oops we could not load this page. This phone is always doing something like when you want to go to google and search for stuff you go to google and you have to wait for the phone to get done messing around. I owned ZTE Warp Sequant and om my god i miss that phone so much. It was like 18 stars and this one is like negative 20 stars. As soon as I am done writing this review I am taking my phone out to the garage and smashing it. This phone is the worst phone I ever owned. Im gonna go buy another warp sequent if I can find one. This phone also whenever you do anything it always is bothering you about hooking to wifi and google wants to know you location in anything you do no matter how many times you deny it or change the settings. Samsung you knew when you made this phone it was junk why did you put it on the market before working out the problems.

Overall good, but didnt fit in one corner of the phone, other than that it looks nice on the phone.

I received my phone about a month ago but didn't activate it until two weeks later because I kept forgetting to go and switch my number to my new phone however now that I did don't see why I didn't do it sooner love the phone and everything about it ,it's fast , easy to use, and has alot of little extras that my old phone didn't have so thats why I say so far so good.

No. I thought I was ordering a Galaxy II. And when my son saw the cell phone.  He did not want it.

Its a great phone, many as well as myself mistake it for the Galaxy s4 mini all the time. The phone has yet to freeze and in perfect condition after having it for a year, and I can still say I'm in love with it. One of the best feature to me it the front camera, the resolution on front and back if phenomenal ! It's definitely great for the kids if not wanting to buy and expensive Galaxy.

I recieved my phone a couple of weeks ago...its nice for the price $99..the only thing thats annoying is how it keeps asking to hook up to wifi or something the box always pops up...but thats it other then that I like it!!!!

Keeps freezing. S*** is ridiculous but it's all I have now so I guess it's whatever.  Please check your product next time.

Every now and than (more) it turns it self off. I think it trys to do to much stuff and just shuts down or something.

The phone is pretty great for the price. It is just about your average smartphone, would probably give it five stars, but there have been some weird sound defects that happen occasionally. Other than that the product does its job efficiently. Good purchase, I would recommend to anyone buying a boost mobile phone.

As I wrote my daughter got it for Christmas and is so pleased that its so clear and no more dropped calls like her last phone!!!!!!!!!! thankyou

Granted, I've only had the phone for less than 24 hours.  The phone is exactly as listed and the shipping was extremely fast.  I upgraded my boost service to this phone from a Kyocera Hydro (the orginal) and it was very easy and quick!

It keeps turning off on me. I don't know if its me or the phone. Also it gets scratchy or fuzzy.  Can I send it back for a new one please! !

I love my new phone thanx Amazon!!!! I haven't used all my capabilities with it but it sure beats my other phone

LIKE ME PHONE, BRAND IS GOOD, LOVE THE CAMERA AND FUNCTIONS IS VERY FAST LIKE ME PHONE, BRAND IS GOOD, LOVE THE CAMERA AND FUNCTIONS IS VERY QUICK WITH COVERAGE IN GOOD GOOD CAMERA RESOLUTION IMAGES

To small, just a temp. phone.

I purchased this on the chance that it would be great (there were hardly any reviews online when I ordered it).  My reference for this phone is my Galaxy S3.  It's definitely smaller, which isn't necessarily a bad thing.  It fits in the pocket much easier.  It's probably 1.5 times thicker than the S3.The screen seems nice and crisp, as you would expect from a Samsung phone.  The screen is definitely A LOT smaller when surfing the web and such.  The buttons and layout are the same as the S3.As far as performance, it is definitely not as smooth as the S3.  It's a little choppier than the S3, but that's to be expected.I also want to mention (since it's not in the description) that the internal memory is 2GB.  Definitely invest in a MicroSD card!Overall, I'm pleased with the purchase.  For the price, it's definitely a great way to get Samsung quality!

It was okay for a while but lately my phone is doing some weird stuff. Not only does it kick me out of apps that aren't running but the background sometimes goes black and i have to restart my phone.

I just received my new phone today but so far it is GREAT! Big enough screen, has not frozen once and that is something new to me, and has great video and camera!!!

The cellphone is very good for the price. I bought for my boyfriend and he loved. For this price is a very good deal, I recommend.

I have been a Boost Mobile customer for many years and I am a satisfied customer..this purchase was a up grade. I LOVE IT!!

This phone in theory is a really nice easy to use and well set up smartphone. If it worked properly all the time I would give it five starts. However, the phone has some serious issues that started displaying themselves a few weeks after I got it: constantly getting messages about different applications and phone functions &#34;closing&#34; &#34;stopped&#34; etc. Also, the speaker in this phone is a bit off, sometimes it works great and sometimes it is impossible to hear people on the other end and it turns itself off a good bit. I did not water damage or drop my phone, after looking at other peoples reviews it seems like the same problems are happening for a lot of people. This phone was new on the market, I think next time I will purchase a phone that has been around longer and has been tried and true. I am sad to say this phone is inconstant.

This was a brand new phone but it acts up a lot cuts off, changes screens sometimes, etc... but it is what it is

I purchased this item used for $99 (priced at $180 on Boost website) from Chicago Gadgets. The item was delivered a day before the set delivery date. The item was packed really well. Even though, this item was previously used, I can see no signs of wear. No scratches, nicks, scrapes or cracks. Prior to this phone I was using a Galaxy Rush for Boost and it was a great little phone I purchased brand new for $100. This was a definite upgrade for the same price and well worth the money. If I look to upgrade my device again, I will look to Amazon and Chicago Gadgets for another used device. I'm very pleased.

The phone was working amazing for about two weeks before it started crashing daily, not letting me open links and not connecting to the 3g. Even after I factory reset my phone, it was fast again for about two weeks before it started having similar problems as before. If it was the price of a flip phone then it would have been worth the purchase.

I would like someone to tell me if I can use this phone in Venezuela or can only purchase for use in united states

Bought this for my son as his other phone was going out. Really likes the extra features his other phone didn't provide.

This is better than the Prevail 1 which was the first phone my wife got with boost after giving up her blackberry. It's basically a smaller version of the Galaxy S2. Loads of features and excellent price. Best Android phone for $99 (no contract) on any network.

This phone cost 70+ dollarsand came with a water spot on the screen. It also decides not to work when it wants to. It rarely takes a change. My daughter really dislikes that bc she has been wanting this phone, and all it has been is trouble. Ugh.

This is a great phone, except for the audio quality. When talking, the audio quality is horrible. Every thing else about the phone is fine.
