
please save your money and try to find a better phone. Had the phone for about 2 weeks, it fell from my counter in the bathroom and the thing blacked out. Had to buy a new one. This was a waste of money big time! I only bought it b/c I hate touch screens. Back to my blackberry I go....

It's not that intuitive to figure out how to use some of the functions or turn off a sound/alert or whatever.  But I do like the phone, the Qwerty keyboard, etc.  I use this for my Pay as you Go cell phone (pay no more than $100 a YEAR!).

T-Mobile sells this phone too and it is a faulty piece of hardware and/or software.  This problem occurs while you are texting mostly, and at any time of day.  It doesn't make any difference where you buy it, you are going to have this problem.  A class action suit is what is needed but who has the time to get one of those together, the lawyers will take 80% of the pot anyway.Don't buy this phone!!!

I purchased this phone for my wife and she has had it for about 48 hours (give or take?), and so far, she loves it! It has a lot of different little features that she likes. HOWEVER, the phone just went black while she was in the middle of a long text... And it didn't even save the text! It's like it reset itself, and whenever it comes back on, it takes forever to find service. We've never had this problem in any phone and I'm starting to reconsider my purchase after 48 hours! She's big on texting, so this is a very big issue for her! I do not recommend this phone if you're into texting!UPDATE: I contacted the company that manufactures the phone, ALCATEL, and they told me that the only way that the phone's issues could be resolved, is if I went to this website (alcatel.finetw.com) and fill out a form to get the process started. That might sound nice, but apparently the website doesn't exist! I contacted this company after I found that out, and they told me that there was nothing that they could do, because I couldn't fill the form out. How am I supposed to fill the form out, if it doesn't exist? Also, they continually ask if you'd like to do a factory reset on the phone. I purchased the phone, and within 48 hours, it started blacking out during texting.... A factory reset will not resolve this issue! Do not buy from this company, unless you're willing to be ran through circles!!!!! As soon as my wife finds a new phone, I will be returning this one!!!!!

This phone is easily a $50 phone. For $24.99 and Prime, it's a no-brainer. Works well for a teen unless you want to spring for the $179 Motorola G smartphone (which is another amazing value). For a normal texting phone with a slide-out keyboard or as a backup phone, this works great and looks great for under $25.

My son is hard on phones. But this was only $25. Its been 4 months and its still working fine.

I bought this phone for my boy too, it is inexpensive and works well .It is locked to T-Mobile not unlocked.

I bought this phone as a Christmas present for my elderly mother. She loves it and has even learned to text! I gladly recommend this product, especially for those with vision trouble or anyone not seeking a touch screen.

The dumbest feature that I've ever seen on a phone is that the 1 and 9 are not locked out. I wanted a cheap phone for phone and text so picked this up at a big box store.  From the phone being in the cell phone pocket of my work pants I have accidentally called 911 four times over 2 weeks and the big box store won't take it back because it's beyond 15 days.  I cannot believe that this phone made it to the market place.  Nobody should be selling this phone.  If anything, T-Mobile should be responsible and recall these.

Phone has an emergency call feature, frequently pocket dials 911 and the police department keeps calling me back, otherwise OK voice quality and keyboard is handy, but why would you want a phone that dials 911 in your pocket?

horrible  phone service, no options available.it is like going back to the 80's cell phones.cheap ugly and no good

Just needed a basic phone that i could text/call from.  It's a prepaid account & I didn't want to put a lot of money into a fancy phone with all the bells & whistles.  Works great, easy setup, and battery lasts!

I was looking for a phone that was easier to use than my previous touch phone. So far, the Sparq II is great! It feels good, the keyboard is easy to use, and it was easy to set up--just took my SIM card from my other T-Mobile phone. Easy access to contacts, messages, and call log.  I'm happy so far.

I got this for a family member that wouldnever be able to use a smartphone and it's been great!

The Sparq II exceeded my expectations. It's not  a smartphone, but for just calling, texting and taking pictures, it's just perfect. It's also an FM radio, but runs down the battery quickly in the FM mode. It also has a neat key lock option so that you don't inadvertently press keys when it's in your pocket. At less than $50 it's a tremendous value.

my husband bought this phone recently and in the past two weeks he's received several calls from 911 because the phone has dialed 911 while locked. Apparently this is an emegency call feature on the phone that does NOT disable the 9 and 1 buttons while the screen is locked. The t-mobile support forum is full of similar complaints and the only resolutions appear to be returning the phone or buying a case that doesn't allow the buttons to be accidentally pressed.The phone seems to work well but if you wear it on a belt case or keep it in a purse you're going to call 911. He tried leaving it in the car while he worked and then the battery overheated and the phone wouldn't operate until it cooled down so he's very frustrated with it.

I love my new Sparq II. It's awesome. It has a bunch of useful features that are easy to use. I'm not good with understanding electronics but I didn't have trouble learning to use the Sparq II. My favorite media features are the camera, FM radio - really love that, voice recorder - love that too, I send reminders to myself all the time, it's easy to do, I can record videos too. The phone is simple to operate. The clarity and volume are good. I adjusted the volume by tapping a bar on the side of the phone. I can easily hear people speaking and they hear me fine too. It has fun ring tones to choose from. I do like the qwerty board, it's quick to type a message. It slides out like a trundle bed, but I'm still getting familiar with it. Sometimes I need to slide the qwerty board in again and use the buttons on the phone instead to edit or send, because that's what I'm use to doing. It makes more sense to me.  My husband wants a Sparq II so we plan on ordering another Sparq II for Christmas.

I got this phone for the Walmart Family Mobile service because I don't need a smartphone.  It's been a great phone.  I love how responsive it is (especially compared to my smartphone that was always crashing!)There is a speakerphone option on this phone, a flashlight option, and the speakers for music aren't that bad.  I wish there was a way to enter speed dials, and maybe there is, but I can't find it.  The camera does leave something to be desired, but I'm glad to even have one, so it's not a huge deal.  When taking pictures, you have to turn the camera so the phone is sideways in order to be able to have your pictures not come out sideways.I'm not sure why one reviewer complained about lack of 911 service, though.  I pocket dialed 911 (yikes!) and they called me back and verified my address.  I'm now in the market for a case for this phone.  It's been pocket texting my husband all day, and now with the 911 call, I'm not going to carry it in my pocket anymore!I can't receive group or forwarded messages, and I don't think it's the phone, but I'm not 100% certain.All in all, I'd recommend this phone, just remember that it DOES pocket dial and text quite easily!

Shuts off in the middle of composing text losing all data.  Would have returned it but dog ate the box.

This phone is easy to use, easy to see, and it does what it is supposed to do. The slide-out keyboard works well, the keys a bit small but I don't see how they could have been made any bigger. There are 5 &#34;short cut&#34; icons on the main screen, which are very handy. I haven't tried to use this phone to send or check emails, or to go on the internet, and I probably never will. If I needed to do that I would have bought an iPhone. But for phoning and texting this is a great phone.

One time I dropped this phone a few days after I got it and now every time I try to text someone it turns off. This phone has ruined plans with friends, caused innumerable miscommunications, ended relationships, and burned bridges. I would not recommend this product to anyone who may have the potential to drop it. If you have hands that are sturdy and dependable then have fun with this fun teknowlogiiiiii

I don't use a phone much and it seemed like the battery got low pretty quickly but then maybe I did something wrong too.  It seems pretty easy to use but I'm still working my way around it.  Excellent price.  It is more than double the price on the T-Mobile site.

Every time I use the keyboard to write a text it shuts the phone off halfway thru, very frustrating! ! I am now saving up to buy a new phone so I can throw this one away.

I've been using &#34;cell phones&#34; since they were called mobile phones and were encased in something that resembled the old black lunch boxes--and weighed maybe five lbs or so.I have every other electronic gadget know to man, but I'm not much of a cell phone user. I buy 1,000 minutes which are good for a year.  At the end of the year, barring anything unusual, I usually have 600-700 minutes left. So one cannot argue that I simply wear the phone out or beat it to death.I bought this phone to replace a lost LG, which I loved but is no longer available. Because I'm such a light user, the folks at the T-Mobile store suggested that, instead of buying a phone of the same price class as my LG, I simply go pick an inexpensive phone at a local Target or Best Buy. So off I went to Best Buy and ended up with this dreadful device.The first thing I noticed when I took it out of the packaging is that the charger is the cheapest piece of plastic crap I've ever seen. The cord is flimsy. That should have been a clue, but all I need is a phone that works when I need it to so I stuck with it.  I half expect the charger to one day burst into flames while I'm charging the phone.What don't I like? Where to start? I won't discuss some of the issues others have mentioned because there are only four things I really need in a cell phone.  Good reception. Better than good voice quality. A phone that is well-made so I can expect it to last more than a year or two. And a battery that has good standby and talk time.So where does the Sparq II fit? The reception is mediocre at best.  Voice clarity is so/so. This is not an inexpensive/budget phone. It is a cheap phone. But where it absolutely fails in battery life.  For example, I fully charged the phone on Tuesday. On Wednesday I called home. The call was about three minutes maximum. This AM when I checked the battery, it was down to about a quarter of a charge.  This is a persistent issue. I have not yet had this hold a charge for a full week, even if I haven't used it at all.What do I like about it?  It has a keyboard so it's easier to text if i have to.

Item was new in box with everything you need to start up the phone with no problems thank you five star

I am a firm believer that a cell phone need not cost a months pay so this $30 cell is just right for my wallet. I've had this cell for a month and use it everyday. The camera is very low res and so is the screen so the 3g is almost never used. This is a decent camera but it's small and relatively light weight.Pro's:Decent qwerty keyboardDecent speakers and microphoneMicroSD slotMP3 playback and FM radio work wellCon's:The camera and screen is very low resolution and the video mode is worthlessFiles containing photo's and video seem to self destruct or get lost.Browser so old you can't really go to any site so the 3g is uselessNo Solitare

This phone is pretty good for the price if you need a phone for texting and calls. It has good sound qualities on calls, FM radio & mp3 player. Since the camera is only 2 mp, pictures are only OK but it has a zoom-in function.Since the screen is only 2.4 in. diameter, the phone is not too good for viewing internet/web pages. You can view video files like 3gp, 3gpp and MPEG-4 though not optimal since the screen is so small.I would recommend this phone if all you need is calling, texing, and radio/mp3. If you need a phone for internet surfing/video, choose a phone with a bigger screen

I have had this phone for a month and it is really good for phone and text not quite so good for Internet.The camera seems to be decent quality also. Over all I am pretty happy with the phone.

My wife loves it.

Replaces my sons older Sparq phone.  This one has better reception and the layout is a bit better than the old one.  For once he isn't complaining about his cell phone.

The phone features work well, but many times when you go into text mode it will power down the phone. It is becoming more and more frequent! I thought it was related to the keyboard, but it did it before i even opened the keyboard last week. The most frustrating part is when this happens you lose the text you've been typing. I could handle it if it would save my text. Will be looking for a new phone as soon as possible!

I just want a phone that texts and calls with a few other apps such as an alarm clock.  This phone feels sold and sturdy, and works well for said applications.  The keyboard works well and is easy to use.  The auto spell is annoying, but it's easy to turn that off.  It does not have a timer, which I would have liked, but since I have one on my Kindle Fire, I can live without it on this phone.  I also use the music player occasionally as well as the FM radio.  I find these useful as I often take public transportation.The only major down side--as others have mentioned--is that it will butt dial 911 when you have it in your pocket.  Be careful.  I usually carry it in my shirt or jacket pocket so it doesn't happen, but if you usually keep your phone in a tight pocket, you might want to look for something else.

I was looking for a replacement for my flip phone - basic and easy-to-use.  I like the tactile feel of the keys. Both keyboards are large enough for my fingers, and I have the option of using the outside keyboard in the same way as my old phone, or using the internal keyboard for longer messages.  The camera is good, and I like the option of setting up different ring tones for different numbers. Display is large and easy to read. All-in-all, the previous reviews helped me decide to purchase this phone, and I am very glad I did.

I have XL-sized hands so I have always struggled with phone keypads and keyboards. I stopped using touchscreen phones because it was such a frustration to type on a virtual keyboard. For that reason, I've tried many phones with physical QWERTY keyboards over the years and the Sparq II is my second-favorite ever (my fave was a now-discontinued Nokia model, also for T-Mobile).The phone feels very solid - the slide mechanism does not wiggle and it seems to stay shut when I want it to with no problem. The numeric keypad is a bit cramped if you're used to a flip phone or a candybar phone with a smaller screen (and hence more room for the keypad) but even with my huge fingers I can work it well enough. The slide out QWERTY keyboard is very nice. It's sensitive enough that I don't feel as if I have to pound the keys but not as sensitive as a virtual keyboard - I seldom mistype letters as long as I hold the phone still and at a certain angle. I've had it three days and I've already gotten used to the keyboard.The interface is good. This is NOT a smartphone so don't expect the ability to add apps or hyper-customize the interface but the onboard functions are fine. The call quality and volume are very good, reception has been as good or better as other phones I've used in my same location, and the features and functions I've used (calls, texts, alarm, contacts) all work as they should. I haven't used the Web browser extensively but it seems fine for a non-smartphone. The screen has excellent resolution but it is small compared to a touchscreen-only phone (that doesn't matter to me).If you want a physical QWERTY keyboard and don't need to load your own apps, this phone is a great option. BE SURE TO READ THE SPECIFICATIONS - some might find it a bit heavy, although that doesn't bother me.

This is a great simple messaging phone! It improved on the original sparq in significant ways! I really like the better layout of the keyboard!

Added 11/4/2013Originally rated the phone as a 4 but found out over time the phone has one MAJOR flaw.  When the keyboard is locked and in your pocket it will still pocket dial 911 with very little effort.  It has an emergency call feature that bypasses all locks and pin codes on the phone.  I have dialed 911 close to 50 times since getting this phone to the point I pretty much have the phone turned off unless I am making a call on it.From the owners manual"Making an emergency callIf your phone has network coverage, dial emergency number and press the | key to make an emergency call. This works even without a SIM card and without typing the PIN code."It has pretty much made the phone useless to me.OriginalSo I ordered this phone because I had used the Sparq I prior and it was beginning to die on me.  Here is my assessment after a month of use.Compared to the 1st version of the phone there have been many improvements.  Camera, qwerty keypad, screen quality, and other features.  It is still a great basic texting phone with some of the other must haves.I only have 2 real problems with the phone and I consider both very livable.  First is the the weight of the phone.  For a fairly small phone it sits in your hand like a brick.  Very heavy for the size.  Second is the way they designed the buttons on the front to control calling and menu navigation (the keypad for dialing is fine).  They have over refined it and made it a bit difficult to hit the right button when trying to hang up or go back to a prior menu item without looking at the phone.

This phone is junk for ONE SIMPLE REASON: It randomly glitches and has to reload itself (phone signal, texts, contacts). I owned the first generation Sparq and upgraded PRECISELY because that one was doing the SAME thing. It is incredibly annoying to wait, and restart a text over. Try doing that a good 15 times a day. It didn't do it at first, but, lo and behold, now it does it more than the Sparq 1.Need more reasons to avoid this phone???Pictures are crappy, sound quality on recording is super low, texting is annoying because when you choose the Abc option, any interruption (such as incoming text) restarts the capitalizing so you end up wRiting soMthing like tHis. Also, sparq 1 had a more logical way of storing your pictures, it takes forever to find a downloaded photo or image taken, etc.It's sad; this phone had potential. I like simple! But these people just don't think much of their customers, as if our avoidance of smart phones was because we're not smart enough to figure out they're just trying to make a quick buck on these low-tech phones. They should be ashamed at their work ethic.

It works smoothly and all features are expected as I'm using one of the two that I ordered..Some reviews complained that it could accidentally dial 911 that did happen to me once so far. when it was in my pocket without any action from me even it was locked before being taken into my pocket.

Great phone if you like making 911 calls!!!!  I needed something pretty basic, but at least had a keyboard for sending texts (I did not need a smart phone, 4G, etc.)  I have T-mobile Pay-as-you-go, and was looking to replace an older Samsung Flip-phone.  I read some of the other reviews, concerning this phone &#34;pocket dialing&#34; 911, and thought since i never keep my phone in a tight pocket, it shouldn't be an issue for me.  I was wrong...Even in a loose cargo short pocket, somehow the slightest movement seems to cause the phone to dial 911.  The keys are auto-locked, but there is no way to lock out the 9 and 1 buttons.  I guess in an emergency situation that makes sense, but for the other 99% of the time it is annoying.  My 19 month old son got hold of my phone for 2 seconds, and managed to dial 911!!!.  I have also had issues where the phone just powers off for no reason.  I thought maybe it was a low battery, but when I turn the phone back on, it shows fully charged.  This has happened several times, and has resulted in a few missed texts/calls.  The only positives I would give this phone are, it was super inexpensive (I guess you get what u pay for), the keyboard is easy to use, and the call quality is pretty good.  If I were to make the purchase over again I would choose a different phone.

This is the phone to buy if you want only basic phone capabilities. While it may have some neat features such as a flashlight, a camera, speed dial, and the ability to access the web, this phone shines in its simplicity and lack of time-consuming apps. Before this phone, I had an HTC HD7. Spent a good deal of time on it during the day, and eventually realized that phones with apps and games and internet access really take away from enjoying the simple pleasures of this life. This phone prevents that. I went to a restaurant once with some friends and one of them pointed out a certain family in a booth. All of them staring intently at their phones. All of them letting their food get cold. Don't let the world consume you! Although this might be just one small step in the direction to changing the world once more into a place where people can actually experience the nature of life and the life of nature, it's still a step in the right direction and at the very least I'm changing my own life.

If you just want to make calls this phone is fine-I have not used it for the web so I can't speak to that component of the phone. However, the phone continually powers down when I am composing a text and when you power it back up-everything you have written is lost and you have to start over again. I have had the phone for a few months but am writing the review now because it just took me 4 attempts to send one text. I will be getting another phone as soon as I can! Also, my previous phone was a very inexpensive flip phone and the camera on that was much better quality than on the Sparq 2 so if photos are important to you-I would not recommend this phone. And, if you just want to be able to send a simple text...do not buy this phone!

I replaced a phone very similar to this but this one works so much better. All the buttons work the way they should, very responsive.

I. Order it for my husband and he loves it,i love it so much that i wanted it.good job amonzon.

I wasn't expecting much when I ordered this, since I got it as a temporary replacement, but now that I have it I might very well keep using it for longer than I intended. For someone who doesn't need fancy data plans, apps, and web, it's perfect. The qwerty keyboard might be difficult for someone with larger hands, but it works well for me. The phone is lightweight, compact, and has some useful tools like an alarm, calculator, calendar, and more. If you're in search of an inexpensive, basic phone with a great feel to it, this is the one for you.

It does what it's supposed to, it's a decent enough phone, but it does like to blip when you text long messages. There has been a little swearing.

This phone came early and works wonderful. My husband did not want a touch screen so this phone serves the basic purpose for what he needs it for (talking and texting.)

It's a stylish and reasonably-priced slider, but I'm having the same problem as I did with the original Sparq -- it shuts down and turns itself on again while I'm texting.  I'm surprised T-Mobile hasn't worked out this bug yet.  BREAKING NEWS DEC. 31, 2013:  Now the phone has shut down completely and will not turn on again.  T-Mobile must know that this phone has a monumental design flaw but has said nothing about it.  It's too late for me to return this phone, so now I'm looking to switch to another service provider.  In the meantime, I've changed my review from 3 stars to 1.

I ordered this phone for my mom. Her previous phone fell in dishwater! At least her sim card though was still good, she just needed another phone. Of course she just wanted a simple phone, not one of those smartphones like I wanted to get her.  We got more than we bargained for...the keypad is easy to read, it has photo and video taking capabilities, you can jot down notes, and since she is a writer, it has a voice recorder! It also has a built in flashlight (to help you find your lost keys in the car), It also comes with a slide out keyboard, which she will never use, but I may teach her.Excellent phone for the money and I will definately recommend this phone on my website!  We're just waiting for the phone cover now! We both love this phone!

so I got this as an &#34;upgrade&#34; to my classic flip phone to make texting easier. Boy was that a mistake. Keyboard just plane sucks. Keys are to tight and hard to push without using your fingernails, i.e.the total opposite of the Sparq I, making even short texts a painfully frustrating task. Also, NOT a pocket phone. The phone has a feature which cannot be disabled of dialling 911 when locked simply by pushing and holding the green call key. I called 911 7 times in one day in my pocket!!! A key lock should LOCK the keys. It also allows for certain number keys to function as well when locked...stupid, just stupid design. Additionally, I had more dropped calls than my old flip Samsung. The camera with flash was a nice feature at this price point, as is the flashlight key, but not worth the headaches my book.

I bought it because I needed a cheap phone to last a few months, but it turned out to be  nicer phone all together.

This is your basic non-android, no-touch-screen phone.  Basic but simple talking and texting.  For the price I was expecting a cheap and flimsy cell phone.  But to my surprise it is solidly built and well designed.  Battery and SIM card installation took only a few minutes.  It also took less than 1 hour to fully charge.  My basic needs are only a music player and headphone jack for private conversation.  The slide out keyboard is pretty awesome.

goes off while i am talking to someone , i have to call back and say the phone hung up, i didn't.

The display of maps is non existent. The technical service from wall mart and T mobile is negligible for the problem of dialing 911. A known problem since December 2013 if not earlier.

When sending messages the phone will often shut off and turn back on a few seconds later. This happens frequently and makes conversations annoying.

It's good for the basics (talking, and texting) but it turns off by itself 2-3 times a day, and that is very annoying especially when you're in the middle of an email or a long text.

This is the only the 3rd cell phone I've ever owned (my other 2 I had for around 4 years each) and it is also the most frustrating.  The main issue is that the phone completely powers off in the middle of texting and all of the data is lost.  This is especially irritating to me because I am new to and slower at texting, so sometimes I've already spent like 5 minutes if it's a longer text and then I have to completely start over.  It doesn't happen every time, it's sporadic, but nonetheless annoying.  Sometimes it will happen 2 or 3 times in a row.  Another thing is that the keypad is smaller so it's easier to mishit a button.  I wanted to send the phone back but unfortunately it's already passed the 30 day warranty.  I wouldn't recommend this phone to anyone.

This phone is a fantastic buy for the price. It has a very nice sized slide out keyboard.And the network most of my customers use this phone on is T-Mobile through the MVNO Solavei.Not a very good phone if you need the internet but great for calls and texting.

My flip phone ended up elsewhere and I needed a new phone fast for my prepaid T-Mobile plan, so I went out and got a Sparq II. The reasons I thought I wanted to upgrade from a very basic flip phone to the slightly-less-basic Sparq II were: QWERTY keyboard and music player.The good: It works fine for making calls -- the sound quality is better than my older flip phone, according to people at the other end. Like the flip phone I had before, it uses a micro USB for charging (so it's easy to get a car charger etc.), and supports Bluetooth.The not so good:a) QWERTY Keyboard: The keys are so small it's hard to hit the right one. I suppose I could get used to it in time, but it seems doubtful I would, given the small amount of texting I do. So, that feature is practically useless. Text entry on the numeric keyboard with word suggestions is faster and easier than the QWERTY keyboard for me.b) Music player: I primarily want to listen to podcasts of radio shows. These last about an hour typically, but I rarely can listen to the whole thing at one time. The music player is practically useless for this because (a) it doesn't remember where I was in the podcast -- when I exit and come back, I have to start at the beginning and (b) the fast forward button is more of a "slow forward", so even if I knew where I was in the podcast, I would have to hold down the fast forward button for ages just to start listening. I think it would take me several minutes to get to the half-way point, and if my finger slipped so I changed to the next podcast, or I got a call or something, I'd have to start over at the beginning. Ugh.c) Another annoying feature: the phone beeps when charging is finished, and there is not any obvious way to turn the beep off except maybe going to a completely silent mode (and I'm not even sure that would work, as I haven't tested it yet). I generally charge my phone at night, and I don't want it to beep when it's done and wake me up, but I also don't necessarily want to turn it to completely silent mode every night either... I might not remember to do that every night when I charge up, or might not remember to turn it back to normal when I get up. Ugh.So... On balance, I don't think the Sparq II is worth the upgrade from a cheaper flip phone, for me at least. I'll probably end up returning it and getting something different.

I made the mistake of buying five of these for the entire family.  They all shut off while texting - it takes several attempts to send a text and one of the phones shuts off while you are on a call.  These were a big waste of money and should be recalled or a class action suit filed against the company that makes them. All I would like is for the phone to be fixed, Purchased them at Target (cheaper than at TMobile store) but haven't found a way to get any help with them - they say Alcatel when you first turn them on.

It is a serviceable cell phone and have not had any problems with it.  It is very basic and has what I need.

Good cheap phone. It works may want to buy a cover. I haven't dropped it so I wouldn't know.Hate that these reviews require a certain amount of words. It's just dumb.

I liked it allot at first because it came with all the bells and whistles I was expecting in a new cell phone. I believed at the time this was a good upgrade from my older cell phone , with the slide out keypad , Bluetooth and a nice big screen. But after only three weeks of my purchase.. the battery would die within a few days on standby mode. I tried to take it back , but I just missed the 15 day return policy. A new battery would cost about $10 less than buying another new Sparq II phone at Best Buy for $39.00. Now I see they are only $25 her at Amazon.I would Not want to buy me another Sparq II considering I cannot text well with this phone to begin with , the pictures are okay but the video is very distorted. I mean really bad video quality.. that can't pick up sounds well , and provides a really cheesy terrible looking picture.  The reception is also not up to par. Example:  After a day at sea our ship came into Avalon Bay at Catalina island. I walked by a few people who were having a nice conversation on their cell phones so I went topside looking forward to talking with my Mom.  I could not get a single at all..  while everyone else was on their cell phones talking with  friends and family inside the ship. Then  I took my phone to the highest  most forward  part of the ship right next to Avalon Bay...I Still could not get a single.. This phone was a big disappointment and has let me down for the last time..  I almost wanted to throw my Sparq II into the ocean when I realized all the trouble it was causing me. I gave up and called my Mom on the ship satellite phone that cost me some extra $.  Although the main thing is the battery.. Now here we are two months later and the battery won't keep a charge for more than half a day in standby mode. My phone keeps shutting down...  and I would much rather buy me a replacement  cell phone rather than pay for a lithium battery that will cost as much as this cell phone does here on Amazon.

I did not get this for myself, but my friend bought it using my account. It shuts off all the time on him while he is trying to text. He returned one of them and is about to return the 2nd one. He hates it! And wishes he never waisted his money.

Dont even waste your time buying the Sparq 1 I bought it and returned it ASAP and bought this one. Well worth it. So many more features, volume buttons, silence camera shutter, better camera and video quality, bigger screen, solid durable device (better compared to first Sparq) and a gripped back cover allowing the phone to rest on your lap or phone without a case, (Old Sparq is like holding a bar of irish spring soap) Wayy better, has the options to buy games too. Browsing is way faster too, slide out keyboard keys are plastic and not that rubbery crap! Although they are really sensitive compared to the old Sparq, nothing i cant get used to though. WORTH 20$ MORE THEN THE ORIGNAL SPARQ!!! Must have. :)

All I wanted was an easy to use phone, that would be easy to text with if I needed to. This one fit the bill as the keyboard is easy and not uncomfortable. So far after almost a month of use I am happy with it

This phone always shuts off in the middle of my texts and then I have to wait to turn it on then wait for it to load and then I have to start the text all over again.  Very frustrating!

Great phone activation went smooth no problems yet going on one month . Highly recommended for someone who just need a phone not smartphone.

Its a good phone and does everything i need but has problems getting a signal sometimes but other then that its a great buy

WARNING: DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE. THERE IS A REASON THEY ARE NOT SOLD IN T-MOBILE STORES ANYMORE. This phone works like a dream for about a week, and then it begins to shut down randomly. The shut-downs become more and more frequent, accelerating from about once an hour to once every four minutes, until you can barely crank out one text. I found this very irritating and unusual. There are plenty of good cheap alternatives to the Sparq II, so do not feel obligated to buy it because it's all you can find. If you insist on buying it, USE AT YOUR OWN RISK.

It was just the kind of lamp I was looking for,  so I am very disappointed that one of the pieces holding the poles together snapped and now the lamp is useless!  It happen a month after the return time ended so now I'm stuck with a lamp I cannot use anymore and I cannot afford to buy another!!  Not a happy camper!

Good, sturdy phone for price. I wish the period, comma, and exclammation weren't by using the FN keys. A little bit of an extra time waster with punctuation. It has long battery life, works well, sturdy, good phone reception.

I bought this for someone that needed a decent  and basic phone.This item was a great buy and conveniently priced.

works great for what I need this for and the photos taking is nice to do.for the price od $22.00

I've been using this phone for about 6 weeks, yesterday i turned it on, made some calls and all is fine, went to shut it off before going to sleep and nothing happens, the Power Button Does Not Work Anymore, this means I cant even end a call without going into menu and the worst part is once the battery dies... The phone will be DEAD.

I recently switched to t-moblile and was looking for a qwerty phone that I could use for quick texting which is the only reason I need and use my phone. I wish I would have read the reviews first because it did work great in the first two weeks and now it shuts off almost every other text and I have to start over. Very frustrating as this is the only reason I bought this phone.

I wanted a basic phone without all the bells and whistles. This is more advanced than the flip phone I'm accustomed to but I don't feel like my phone is a pocket computer, either. It exceeded my needs and works great.

This piece of garbage pocket dials more people than i call. It calls 911 at least once a week. Whose bright idea was it to make holding the send button, even when it's "locked", call 911.

Bought this to replace my wife's broken old Samsung and it works great, esp for the price. Just popped the 10-year old SIM into this new phone and off she went.

The phone crashes and I have to manually restart it frequently. Usually when I am replying to a text.Reception is pretty bad. My husband can stand next to me and get 3 bars where I get one.Top row of keys on keyboard is very hard to get to.What started out as a good phone has turned bad in less than a month.Buy something else.

The worse phone I've ever owned.  Keyboard is useless and phone shut down and lost all my contacts.  Very disappointed!!!

I initially bought this phone as a replacement for a smartphone. I wanted something with better battery life. I got this but after a week, I noticed that whenever I would try to send a text message, the phone would crash and restart. I liked some features such as the 3.5mm aux jack on the top, the flashlight, FM radio(as long as you have headphones plugged in) and the battery life. This is a great phone if you're not going to send any text messages. I've contacted the company but they asked me if I could send the phone in with my SIM card and they would have the phone back to me within a month.

Phone is constantly restarting if I text too fast and the clicking of the buttons is so loud that it drives me, and everyone around me crazy!!
