
Everything was fine, the time when the order came to the hotel and the cell which works correctly so far

Bought this item on reviews listed on Amazon and I was more than delighted with its capabilities and user friendly controls and screens. the Dous works better than my previous S6102. not to say the S6102 is a bad phone but the S4 Mini Duos has 100's of additional options and easier controls with faster processing and document capabilities. the screen is perfect size for me and the face recognition that turns the screen off when next to the face and on when you move it away from your face is major improvement as I continually had issues with the hold button on the S6102 when my face touched it. As far as I am concerned this phone for my use is the absolute best money can buy. I paid full price and am not disappointed. Thanks the people at Samsung I have what I need. Now if they can just make it water proof it would be unstoppable. :)

I must say that I am very pleased with this phone. works well, though I get the occational restart but that seemed to have stopped. Other than that, its a great buy.

Very nice cell, thx

I like this kind of phone and it is working until now good and the features in this phone is very good.

Second time buying this for myself and relatives in Jamaica and no more carrying a Digicel and C&W separate phones.  I would urge everyone from that region to buy it!

I am very pleased with his product, I bought it as a gift for someone who uses two SIM cards and they are quite pleased. Good purchase

The mobile is what I was expecting, the performance, the size, the camera, the speed. It was a present and the person using it is really happy with the result

It's a great little phone.  I have not had the best of luck with unlocked phones in the past, but this one seems flawless.  I had an SD2 prior to this, and it'as a very easy transition. I have yet to figure out how to delete all those photos those nefarious nerds at Google &#34;synched&#34; whether I wanted them to or not.  Overall, I am very please with the S4 mini.

Excelente equipo. la entrega fue en el tiempo esperado y funciona bien para Movistar y Digitel en Venezuela.

GREAT

I had the regular single sim S4 mini, This one just made my life so much easier. I highly recommend it. This phone keeps you in control.

Why purchasing an iphone5 ? This S4 mini has a lower weight, a bigger screen, a removable battery, is really powerful (19500 in Antutu), is 4G, has an excellent screen, has an excellent design... and costs twice less ! More : this one is a double sim (maybe next iphone 5C will have, not sure..)

Very good product, fast and elegant works perfectly in Venezuela with all operators

Perfect perfect size!!! Perfect everything, honestly can't say a single bad thing.It's user friendly, and has enough storage space for what I use it for,

Received the phone properly, on expected time, unlocked and working fine. Just plugged in my Simcard and connected to my phone operator.As an android phone, very good features in an adequate size: good screen quality and size, not huge and uncomfortable in the pocket like the full S4.Just the battery charge does not last long enough for my habits (1.5 to 2 days, not high usage, few calls).S4 Mini has a high benefit for the cost. Great phone!

I live in jamaica and travel to the US regularly,  I have 2 sim cards in this phn and dont have any issues here or in the US with it. It functions flawlessly on our 4g digicel network here in Jam...... and is very fast

EXCELENTE

I have tried to use this phone over & over - Every time I try to download any kind of apps - its goes into SAFE MODE!!! I have tried numerous times to work with Samsung and every time it goes off of safe mode - the first app I download sends it right back into safe mode.  The only thing I can do with the phone is make phone calls!! This SUCKS...I cant even return the stupid phone because the return policy is so tight.  I have spent more than $350 and cant benefit from this purchase.  I am really hoping the seller can help me with a replacement.  Very Disgusted customer!!!!!

The battery heats a lot suddenly, also the cell reboots it self and only after 3 to 4 reboots it gets on line, this happen in many situations during a call, listening to music, transfering files via bluetooth, surfing the web, etc., THIS IS REALLY A CRAP PHONE!. Money lost....

Great

It's very beautiful design and great for day-by-day. Has a excelent software and hardware. Battery is very good too. Satisfaction.

Standard Samsung shell is horrible.Battery icon - what is it for? It's just green all the time and then suddenly you phone turns off w/o even a warning (I had to install custom app to give low battery warnings!)Lock screen with pattern only recognizes pattern once out of 2/3 tries (my fingers work fine on other devices) - just drives crazy!Lots of things like this but unfortunately CyanogenMod for i9192 (because of duo sim I gess) is still unavailable.Hardware is brilliant.

Perfect phone!  Upgraded from very first Galaxy S and I am very impressed.

AMAZIN PHONE, SO FAST!

Coming from an S3 this phone was everything I wanted but HD screen resolution. (It's still pretty good, though.) The size is perfect and dual SIM where I live is great. I'm a fan of AMOLED screens and their ultra-deep blacks and bright colors. If mine worked right, I'd give it 4-5 stars. But the digitizer is flaky and like many things coming from Samsung's China plant, it's not covered by a warranty.If you are coming from a flagship phone, some things that might annoy you: A lot of blue shift at high viewing angles Stuttering in the launcher and app drawer Occasional lag in games (even solitaire!) which is apparently a known CPU throttling issue that will be solved in a forthcoming software update Installing non-Touchwiz based ROMs is not possible with most dual-SIM phones including this one

A good product, easy to use, the battery doesnt long that much, but its a good product to those that are looking for a cheap and advanced product.

Samsung Galaxy S4 This is a team that fills the expectations of demanding and full of many occupations people. It is a very friendly and easy to handle equipment. I sincerely recommend ...

Very good smart phone. Dual sim works perfectly in Dominican Republic. Shipped on time. Samsung should put dual sims on every single phone. Great buy. I am very satisfied.

It has a memory card slot. It has a quick-change battery. It has an FM receiver.Amazingly, it is the only modern phone that has all those features, so buying this one was an easy choice.Only four stars because I'd prefer a truly state of the art processor and display, but really I'm not complaining about the speed and display resolution. They are pretty pretty good. I do wish there were more choices, though, with the three features listed at the top of this review.WiFi performance is good, almost as good as a real computer and way better than my miserable iJunk tablet, which has to be practically on top of the router before it will consent to detect the signal. Also way better than the LG Android phone I replaced with this one.All in all, a very nice phone.

excelent

Great phone Samsung s4mini black color. it was as I expected it to be ! I'm happy with my purchase

I purchased this phone in the first week of December as a Christmas gift for my boyfriend who lives in Australia. The phone was listed as GSM unlocked. This SHOULD mean that it would work on any GSM in the world. I ordered it and when it arrived in America, the box said &#34;American model only.&#34; I emailed the seller and asked why the box said this, and whether or not it would work in another country. They assured me the box was wrong, it would work anywhere in the world. I mailed it to Australia - and NOPE. DOESN'T WORK. I went back and forth with Nitram-Tech and have a thread of more than 30 emails to show for it. They wanted to see photos of the phone, so I sent them, and didn't hear back for a week. Then I would follow up with them and they would request the same photos again to check the serial numbers, etc. I resent everything again and AGAIN I wouldn't hear back for more than a week. It was such a headache to deal with these people, and to make it worse, they don't speak/write very good English so hardly any of their emails made sense. I thought for sure this was going to be a scam and I would never see my $400 again. Today I finally got an email saying that Amazon is processing the return and the money should be added to my account within a few days. It is now the first week of March and I ordered this early December. Three months of dealing with these people and I am so excited for it to be over with!! They obviously don't know their products, I would never buy from them again.

I have been using this phone for several months (based in Georgia USA) without an issue from day one. So easy to set up, so easy to use. I recommend highly if you go with a dual sim phone, you get this model. My old sim cards were too large, so I even cut my own sim cards down to size using a reliable template and directions found online. So if that is scaring you, don't let it. I also have to say that it is unfortunate that in the USA we cannot purchase a dual sim phone from our wireless service carriers. I carried around a work and personal phone for more than 2 years, and am so glad I bought this phone for myself. The people at my wireless service carrier were astounded that I had this phone and had no idea it even existed. In fact, Samsung USA customer service had no idea it existed. You will need to call Samsung Latin America for help if you need it, but that was not a problem at all. If I need warranty service, that is also where I have to send it. I called the Samsung customer service in Puerto Rico and they were helpful and knowledgeable. I have not actually needed customer service, but rather wanted to see what would happen if I did (before I purchased). This phone performs as well as expected and then some. Buy it, you'll love it.

excelent

Works perfect  beuty small smart and fast  venezuela recomended

The cellphone is just nice, very portable, comfy to handle in just one hand. Resistant (mine fell twice). Just wish the battery last longer otherwise it would be the perfect phone. And the software for selecting carriers to make a call is improved from previous dual Sims phones it is more practical and handy.

Nice value for the price, the performance, camera and resolution is awesome, some native apps doesn't work quite well but not a big problem at all

I am actually very surprised with this phone, it has a lot of great things. The packaging could be better, the phone box and all accessories came wrapped in a piece of cardboard with adhesive tape. it was all OK but i feel like it didn't have enough protection . the seller delivered on time so I would definitely recommend it.

Very good. The main subject is two simcard onlock. Before I used G S3 but this small size is good and the performance is similar

Item described as new was not delivered as new, instead a refurbished phone. Picture of a woman holding a baby in a airplane was in the pic folder. Also Wifi never worked until I flashed the rom and put a new firmware on the phone

I had a Iphone 4S before this.Pictures are comparable,Iphone 4s was a little bit faster, and this S4 Mini freeze it  from time to time. And i have to reinitialize.Siri was widely better than SVOICEAlthough S4 mini is an excellent cellphone, i do prefer Iphone 4S

Very stilish phone. Light, amazing screen. The dual sim its very simple to configure and use it. Perfect to solve the deal of wearing two celphones at a time. Very good for Samsung

excelente

I really like my new phone. I bought it because I wanted to have my personal and work numbers in the same phone. I'm from Mexico and for work reasons I'm currently living in Germany. So when I got this phone I put my mexican chip in it and then I bought a chip in Germany and put it in the second slot, I got both lines working without a problem. The only thing that I don't like is that sometimes the phone freezes for no apparent reason, it's kind of anoying but it doesn't happen that often. So, I belive that for the price it's a pretty good phone, nothing super flashy but it does the job well enough.

This phone is  very impressive, am learning something new everyday about the phone the features are never ending. Best phone ever

Excellent! It works perfect in Venezuela &#60;3

as I said on top ! Too good to be true !I showed my girlfriend and she wants on just like mine !So I got the black and she got the white !

I was using a iphone 5 but just did not like the way things worked.Right out of the box, I knew this Galaxy mini was the phone for me.  The size is prefect.  It will take me some time tofigure out all the operations of this phone but that will be OK.Like I said, I have had just about every type of phone including blackberrys, and nothing can compare with the s4 mini.I ordered it at 10AM on Monday moring.  Shipped from Virginia, it arrived the next day at 6 PM.  Just a great business experience.

phone is way ahead of me. i get confused where to find some of the functions are located. i don't know samsung, its a different language than moto. touch screen is somekind of sensitive. fingers are to large to hit the right keys all of the time. i would recommend the phone to people who are more dexterious than old people with motion problems. as far as i know it works very well, no 5 stars to anything.

Bought this phone for my sister who lives in another country and she loves it. No problems, phone is unlocked as described and looks good..

Content! Great team! Original and works very well in Venezuela! I recommend it! I use it with Movistar and works great!

LTE but without 4G!

As I just wrote: This is the best phone I've ever had, fast, beautiful, not so heavy, and dual sim works great, if you want a fast and perfect size phne, just buy it

i've owned this phone for more than 6 months now... and so far, it has exceeded all my expectations. coming from a $200 phone, this has been a significant improvement in every way.the good :first of all, i find this phone a great size. the screen is about 20% bigger than the phone it is replacing, but the body of the GT-i9192 is slim enough that, even with a case, it is actually more thin than my previous phone. fits in my pocket, and is nice and light.the phone is mostly made of plastics, so the whole thing is a bit slick for my fingers (another reason for the case), but it does seem to be fine quality... there has been no unexpected wear or anything getting loose or showing any signs of coming apart after 6 months of heavy daily use. i've dropped it twice from pocket height, and there has been no apparent damage (i use a Hyperion case http://www.amazon.com/dp/B00CXMWV1O ).as it says in the description, this is an unlocked GSM phone. i have so-far used it in Russia, Ukraine, Greece, France, the UK, Turkey, and India. all with no problems. i work out of Moscow, so all of these travels have just been using a local carrier (MTC) SIM card. the phone gets very good reception, and i haven't had any issues with dropping calls.the battery life is really impressive. with moderate use, i can expect the phone to last 2 days between charges. with heavier use (including internet and listening to music) the phone easily lasts the entire work day.... from 7am to about 11pm. if i know i won't have power available for a while, the phone can be miserly if you turn off all extra features and only use it for texting.the camera is great. i haven't made any prints, but even on my computer most of the pictures look great. the phone is an easy replacement for a cheap point-and-shoot camera. the flash is somewhat helpful for pictures... i am most impressed that the flash can apparently be adjusted automatically by the phone, so that there's at least some chance of the picture not being washed out. the video recording is also quite good. you can actually turn on the flash, using the &#34;assistance light&#34; toggle (what a ridiculous name), and then turn on the video camera.i don't play games on the phone, so i can't vouch for that kind of performance... but it has handled browsing the internet, 3rd party GPS apps, network utilities, viewing .PDF files, and watching movies, all nicely and quickly. i've only had an app crash and reboot the phone once or twice.i have noticed the phone gets quite warm when using it as a WIFI hub for other devices. for several months the GT-i9192 was my only broadband option, i would use the phone as the WIFI hub for my laptop. when i removed the phone from it's rubber case the heat problem was eliminated. if the phone is within 6 feet of connected devices, the internet speed is perfectly acceptable for browsing and email, i cannot say if it would work for streaming videos.the speaker is quite good. i don't use the &#34;speaker phone&#34; feature often, but i do use the phone to listen to music quite regularly. at a reasonable volume it sounds fine. you have to have reasonable expectations for a little tiny speaker in a phone, but at a moderate volume, it sounds perfectly OK for a little background music.the bad :up until a software update (automatically pushed by Samsung) i could not get the aGPS to work at ALL on this phone. i downloaded several different utilities and tried all the steps like clearing the cache and downloading new coordinates, etc etc etc. simply put... nothing helped. i was almost to the point of contacting Samsung about returning the phone, after having found plenty of complaints about defective aGPS on this model.last month the update pushed through, and seems to have fixed the aGPS problem. it will still take a long time to grab the satellites if i am inside any kind of building. but if i am outside it will get a fix in under a minute. i do notice that occasionally the phone will refuse to fix any satellites until i use a utility (GPS Status) to clear the cache and then reboot the phone. then it will work fine for several days.the phone wants to be your nanny and it is a chore to turn the volume up when listening to music. i use this phone as an MP3 player at the gym. and any time i want to turn the volume up beyond half way, i have to acknowledge that i might be making myself deaf.the auto-correct is HORRIBLE. to be fair, this may be entirely the fault of android. but coming from my old phone, whatever version of android was around 2 years ago, this auto-correct is the worst thing to have happened. if i want to add a word to the dictionary i have to click the word once, and THEN, click the word AGAIN after hitting space or whatever punctuation mark i wanted to use. i don't know if it's saving the word into two different dictionaries or what. apparently there is no way of actually seeing or controlling what is going on with the dictionaries, either. this sounds like a small complaint, but it still is a really chaffing issue for me. the only thing that is worse than the auto-correct is my spelling when i turn it off.i HATE that this phone has a USB micro-B connector for charging/docking. there's almost no point in complaining against &#34;progress&#34; in the USB family, but the mini-B was a far superior connector. as you are most likely familiar, micro-B is the current &#34;standard&#34; for android phones, and it offers almost no tactile feedback about orientation until you've fairly well jammed the connector into the phone. at least with the mini-B you could tell right away if you were trying to plug the cable in upside down. every time i try to plug the phone in, in the dark, i have to do it timidly because i don't want to damage the tiny little connector pins inside the mini-B port. everything seems built well enough, but inside the port is a very VERY thin board holding all the connection pins, and i can easily imagine it snapping off. at least it's a standard port, instead of needing any kind of proprietary plug.in conclusion; this phone is great. awesome battery life, awesome camera, the perfect size for my needs, a true dual+active phone. get a case because it's a slippery thing without one, bring back the mini-B USB port!

I bought this cell in US with a hope to use this when i travel out of country. When i inserted a SIM card from a network provider in India it asked for &#34; SIM Network unlock PIN&#34;. What the seller advertised on this website is totally wrong and Amazon should not let this kind of sellers to sell misguiding products on this reputed website. This seller should return my money or provide a unlock code. I contacted amazon on this and was advised that they cannot help me as this is a third party seller. I am stuck here. Sincere advice is not to buy this product especially from the seller &#34; BREED&#34;

The cell phone Galaxy S4 Mini Duos works perfectly. It is very light and it has such a detailed and surprising display resolution. Love it!

Was hoping Samsung had an S5 mini out along with big brother original S5 but couldn't wait. Received the S4 mini Int'l version & like it so far. Perfect size for my preference & works perfectly with my existing carrier. Was able to transfer almost all of my personal info & contacts from old BB to new phone with ease with a little assist from a sales clerk at outlet store. Still getting acquainted with all the new apps, follow up rating to follow ...

I've owned countless Droids and iPhones, but this one destroys them all.  Samsung really nailed it with this one, extremely fast, very pocketable, gorgeous display, exceptional battery life, good audio quality, perfect GPS & WiFi performance, transparent status bar, battery percentage, ability to turn off soft key lights, superb camera for a smartphone and more!Forget about the new iPhone or any other Droid for that matter, this one is absolute perfection!

Got this phone, set it and and it was great. Went to install my SIM card, and phone required an unlock code. So stating this is an unlocked phone is FALSE&#62; This caused me to spend yet MORE money to get it to work, had I known that, I would have just purchased a regular phone then paid to have it unlocked.

Excelente.  Its a good Phone

I really liked this phone! It was cheap, reliable and has a great screen which I like. It's up there with every other smartphone.

After a few weeks the phone started malfunctioning and acting up. It would turn it self off almost hourly. I ended up having to return it.

So far so good, worked with Tigo and Claro at the same time, two different cell phone companies here in Guatemala.Cons: When connecting the phone to the computer to transfer files, it's not recognized as a USB mass storage device, only recognized as a camera device. You have to install Samsung Kies, or find a different app, some of those don't work properly or use WIFI to transfer files (which obviously takes much longer), or some apps have limited file sizes to transfer and ask you to buy the full app to unlimited file sizes. In summary, it should be as easy as Plug and Play, Drag and Drop, in order to transfer files to/from my computer.

EXCELLET

This is my first smart phone, then could not add too much about compared experience.The phone was unlocked and with all expected parts, is working perfeclty.

In Venezuela this cell phone works fine and it's really unlocked. It Works on Movistar and Movilnet. I recommend it.

After looking for many options/features, I found this phone matches most of the requirements I was comparing with other similar competitors. More precisely, I did not find any other Dual SIM phone with these features.- Small size & light weight : 4.3 Inches Display & 107g- Dual SIM- Dual Core Processor  : Minimum required now a days- 1.5GB RAM : Minimum required is 2GB, but 1.5 GB is good enough so far- Price can't match with others which has same features as above,PROS :Battery runs a day (24h) with moderate use of internet, games, apps and emails.Infrared is useful as a remote for your AV equipmentCONS :Wasn't able to connect to USB Storage Devices as compared to other Galaxy S3/S4/Note IIWhen connecting Bluetooth devices, Wi-Fi connection goes off and re-connects (could be a OS glitch)No Indicator light (for missed calls, Messages and notifications)No NFCImage quality is bad though the camera is 8MPBasically you get very good set of features for the price you pay.

Battery dose not last the whole day and once charging the battery it over heat.

This was an upgrade from a Galaxy S2. Very impressed so far with the phone. Hoping that Samsung will release an update to Kit Kat

I don't know how to use all the features of this phone as it is my first smart phone, but I am learning. So far I like it a lot, although when reading the manual, actually executing some of the described instructions does not always work, leaving me wondering if the instructions are for my model. The Samsung website described it as the most up to date manual.

my expectations are very satisfied. No problem with differnt SimCards. all providers are accepet. all commands are executed quicklyexcept the memory could be more. 8GB are fast exhausted in downloading more apps. all in - I am very satisfied thats the mainpart

Not unlocked and definitely not on factory.On box clearly written &#34;American SIM model&#34;My SIM doesn't work on it

Just great as i imagined. I am using it in Uruguay and works great. I recomend it for everyone who is in a doubt

This IS NOT an unlocked phone.  On the side of the box, it states that the phone will only work with a sim card provided by mobile operators within the Americas.  Very disappointing as the phone was exactly what I wanted.  Am now off to purchase a Nexus 5.

Be careful, cause they give me a wrong headphones i've been see unboxings vids on youtube and my headphones are NOT the correct one!!!!

Smaller than S4 but great as my secondary phone. It has my two secondary sims. No 4G but 3G. This is enough for me.

The product is awesome. Really works the way it should. Really happy with the selection. Samsung is giving the clients a great product

In spite of saying &#34;Factory Unlocked International GSM&#34;, it didn't work with any GSM carrier in India and Germany. It is locked to carrier in US.

Nice

perfect

the cell phone is great, but the On/Off button was getting stuck, causing the to turn the phone off by chance at anytime.Amazon customer service was great though, I'll get full refund.

I used to have a Samsung Grand Duos, and loved the dual sim phone, as I had to carry two cell phones everywhere. But complained about the size and the processor speed.S4 mini was a huge step forward.. Its really fast, and have a perfect size.Another issue is that in Argentina dual sim phones are almost impossible to find. I bought this one in USA, and worked fine with my local carriers.

Really good smartphone.  Love it, its not too big, not too little, good camara, really fast.  Works fine with Tigo and Claro in Guatemala, no problems.

Overall, the phone delivers what it promises.  However, while the description indicated it would work perfectly with T-mobile's service, it turns out that is not the case.  The phone I received was an unlocked &#34;Sprint&#34; phone.  While most of the features work as expected, there is one feature which is critical to me, but apparently will only work if the phone was originally built for T-Mobile.  The feature is the ability to use Wi-fi to make calls instead of the T-mobile access point.  My wife and I travel overseas quite a bit, and appreciated the ability to use our prior T-Mobile phone to make free calls from abroad to the Unites States by turning off the T-Mobile phone service and making calls using just wi-fi.  We were not aware until just now that this feature only works if the phone was originally made for T-Mobile.  My son uses an identical model phone that we acquired for him directly from T-Mobile, and by comparing the two phones, I can confirm that when we compare the &#34;Wireless and Networks&#34; screen on both phones, his has an option for using wi fi as the sole method for making cell phone calls, and my phone does not.I have found several apps that allow calls usng wi-fi, but none offer free internaional calls, which we can do on my son's phone, or my prior phone.  This feature is very important to us.

THE SAMSUNG S4 MINI IS BETTER THAN IT'S BIGGER BROTHER BECAUSE IT WILL FIT IN YOUR POCKET AND YOU GET ALL THE FEATURES.IN A SMALLER SIZE. NONE OF THE PHONE CARRIERS OFFER IT WITH THEIR PLANS YET SO YOU HAVE TO BUY THE MINI OUTRIGHT SO I GOT A NO-CONTRACT PLAN WHICH SAVES ME OVER A $1000.00 A YEAR. AWSOME FEATURES WITH A TON OF APPS, THIS PHONE IS CRAZY SMART! GOT IT IN ONLY 4 DAYS AFTER I ORDERED IT, 2 DAYS FASTER THAN I WAS TOLD. I'M SO HAPPY WITH IT, IT'S EXCEEDED ALL THE REVIEWS.

Got this phone to work with Straight Talk and it does!  It did take one month to get the MMS to work, but think that is something weird on Straight Talk's behalf.  Something about waiting until the next billing cycle for the MMS to kick in.  Strange, I know, but still love the phone and best part is it fits in my pocket!

The item is mentioned as factory unlocked international GSM. But, when I received the item, it is mentioned as American sim card and can be used only in American regions. It will be helpful to mention the product details to the customers before they buy the product and preventing them in returning the item.

the phone is amazing and is the best dual sim and it works with my movilnet digitel lines and in Venezuela. really good buy.

The mobile has the perfect size for my needs,  wifi works vey good and it's a pretty phone. The images looks very fine and colorful. I just love it!

I just bought the computer and I'm having problems as colocoque refresh all night when I'll turn I get downloaded, place the battery in another phone and it works normally the problem as is presenting the phone would like you to help me solve this problem as soon as possible as we would have to do. Thank you for your attention.

the phone came to me with no time to congratulate good time, I have this type of phone I can say they are very good at least for my meets all expectations.note translated by google.

To be fair, this is my first real smart phone. I have never cared to invest the extra money in a phone when all I use it for is an occasional text and less than 300 call minutes a month. I am a heavy laptop user.That being said, I really like this phone. It is not a monster size like many other smart phones and I can still slide it in my pocket like my previous cheap phones. It is pretty easy to use and has made many people envious (at the time when I got it, AT&T; did not have it in the US yet.)I have a few basic apps on it and some games as well as a battery intensive launcher and wallpaper. The launcher and wallpaper have made my battery life last about a day to a day and a half at best. That is my on fault and I have frequent long car trips where I have plenty of time to keep charging it. I have not noticed any extreme lag or trouble with apps. Running it beside other peoples regular S4, I don't really notice any performance issues.You will not get the faster 4g on AT&T; but I use less than 50mb per month as I am always on WIFI so that is not relevant to me either.

Recommended. Excellent phone. Fast shipping. All in good condition. Works perfectly, five star. All you need in one device. 3G for all operators, used mini chip.

Great phone. Only wish battery hd bigger capacity so it can last a full day without worries. The light weight is great but  combined with the size I already dropped it in the first weeks of my use which never happened before with my previous phones which were not bigger. Wish the display was better protected.Congratulation of your new phone it works as it supposed to ;)

excelente

Good afternoon, I do buy these phones and both say Made in China, one is supposed to buy branded phone, that does not want to receive a Chinese copy, Samsung phones are not originals, it shows in the quality of the image and in brightness. For those who never had an original Samsung does not know what is quality. If they will sell copies place it in the publication are those who do not risk buying a pirate for a few dollars less phone.

It meets all expectations towards browsing, calling,  texting, pictures,  camera.It meets all expectations towards browsing, calling,  texting, pictures,  camera effective product

Do NOT purchase any product from this seller, for the following reasons:1- the phone is definitely LOCKED to the USA service providers (and yet they promote it in the headline as UNLOCKED, INTERNATIONAL), best scenario case is you'll get tired and have a headache and pay good money to unlock it, when you'll realize that it ended up costing more than the actual market which by the way gives you full warranty!!2- after i have received it and paid the shipping, freighting and sales taxes on it (which are of-course non-refundable), I've sent the seller an inquiry about the locked issue and if he can help or advise on how to resolve it, the seller of-course after making his heist didn't bother to even answer or try to reach any kind of compensation, and of-course you'll lose more money by returning it.

This is a great phone overall but it has a very annoying bug that led me to get rid of it: the wifi drops continually when doing network intensive stuff on some routers (you can google this if you want). It reconnects inmediately but if you're skyping your phone call gets interrupted. Same thing if you're playing. Samsung apparently claims that it is the routers manufactrer's fault but that kind of thing has never happened with any other device in my highly connected house. My router is ZyXEL, in forums I saw that there was other router brand confirmed to have this happen too. It's a shame, it is a great phone but wifi issues of this kind are unnaceptable. The dual sim feature is well implemented and very flexible: you can use one sim for data the other for phone. There's a set of sim icons to choose from for each sim. I didn't like that there must be always a sim icon on the notification bar (very annoying) but nothing that you can't get used to. Unfortunately the wifi issue spoils all this for me. Buy at your own risk.

Very good smart phone for its price, elegant, fast, good set of applications, good screen size, easy to use. I recommend it.

100% recommended. The samsung galaxy s4 mini arrives perfect and works well in Venezuela. I bought it at ShopBest. I love it

Very good Phone, only issues i have it freezes alot drops edge wifi signal alot but this could be the carrier other then that work very good, would recorded to others + it came factory unlock which is good when u travel

excellent phone

The item is just what I want. Great phone. The light weight is great but combined with the size. I love it.

The product is very good, fast and razor sharp. I can mention mainly the sharpness of the screen, the photo quality is very good, 1GB of RAM makes good difference when working with multiple applications open without noticing decay in speed, pre-installed applications are interesting (some not I have seen them at all). The sound I think it should have more volume, but we know that samsung have this peculiarity. 3x3 keypad is awkward to add unknown words. In general android systems is one of the best phones I've had.

After seeing other reviews, I researched and emailed the vendor before purchasing this phone.  They assured me that it would work &#34;with any Sim card in the world&#34; (their words).  The phone was fully unlocked, as promised - right out of the box.  I tested it with Sim cards from ATT, T-Mo, O2 & EE/Orange (Germany).  It recognized all of them.  Voice calls and SMS successfully worked.  I switch between cards regularly with no problems.  I updated the software with Kies (Samsung software) and all was successful.  It was still fully unlocked.  No problems.I did not have to &#34;make an initial 5 minute call...&#34; which others stated is necessary.Note:  The phone menu was in Russian when I first put the Sim cards in the phone.  There's an easy fix for this:Take all Sims out of the phone and power it off.  After turning it on with no Sims, it went through the setup menu.  Choose your language, finish the menus and turn it off.  Put the Sim cards in and you're good to go.  All this took less than 5 minutes.One last note:  Look at the descriptions provided under &#34;other sellers&#34;.  Email the vendor BEFORE buying if you have ANY doubts.  Ask them specifically if the phone will work with any Sim card in the world.  Get written verification from them!  If they won't specifically verify/provide this, don't buy from them.  Period.  Without vendor verification, you have very little, if any, recourse against anybody (including Amazon).I emailed 3+ vendors until I received the verification I wanted.  Yes, this delayed my purchase 2-3 weeks.  Vendors come and go every day.  Some only have a few phones to sell.  I purchased this phone from &#34;Wireless Everything&#34; -- after looking at their reviews and receiving email verification.

I was little late to the party, but this was my first smartphone. I bought it because a friend of mine had the Galaxy S3 mini and really liked it. I got the newer model and really enjoy the features and the size. Haven't tried it out internationally yet, but I will next month. Since it's unlocked and I'm not on contract with my service provider in the States, I shouldn't have a problem. We'll see.

phone would not work with my carrier but returning it was easy.I would gat another one if it would work with my carrier

Excellent phone I was very happy with when I received it. Display and camera far surpasses my expectations. I purchased this in preparation for a sudden and temporary stint overseas whose country runs on a GSM network. Perfect size and great functionality are my primary comments for this phone. Recent Region-locking of newer Samsung units (including the one I received) made me take two stars from what could have been a guilt-free 5-star rating from me. For those assured of a FULLY unlocked model, I will fully recommend this - especially with its dual sim feature. A US Samsung rep confirmed that this Region-locked model needs to be activated in their native region for it to work as intended (Internationally) afterwards. Apparently, "activated" or "first-use" means to specifically use it for at least a voice call (of >10 minutes in duration). Turning it on with a US prepaid SIM to text and browse the web, even for a week, are NOT enough. Though I may have learned this "distinction" the hard way, I'm happy to report that the phone now works as intended internationally (on a GSM network). Adding one more star for its overall performance and service thus far. Would have been 5-stars if it were lte-capable.

I recently converted from Apple to Samsung, and I have to say, it was a great decision.  However, I should be clear:  my approval of this product is more indicative of personal preferences than respective quality.I like to keep my technology simple, and I was less than thrilled with Apple iOS 7's elaborate and frankly trippy interface.  Lately, I've come to feel that Apple has tried too hard to make their products pretty rather than efficient, and for this reason they often sacrifice efficiency for beauty.The Samsung Galaxy has all the trappings of the iPhone without being too pretty and delicate.  It's easy to use:  everything I need is easy to find.  There's no flair.  It makes calls and receives them.  It saves my voicemail.I love this phone.  One word of caution, however:  if you're going from the iPhone to the Samsung, you may have trouble receiving texts from iPhones after you make the switch.  You'll have to call Apple and have them remove your number from iMessage and Facetime, and even then, you may have to wait a few days for all the kinks to be straightened out, as I'm doing right now.

If I could I give 5  negative stars to this phone, Amazon and Samsung's customer support.  A few weeks after starting using this phone, it started heating up and the battery drained faster and faster. Four weeks later, the phone would not turn on at all. I purchased this phone using Amazon Prime, so the phone was delivered by Amazon. So I called Amazon to ask for a replacement battery or a way to fix the phone.  Amazon responded that they are not responsible for refunds, guarantee or anything about this phone and that I should call Samsung.  So, I called Samsung's customer support.  Their response was that Samsung US has no way to honor the one year guarantee because the phone is registered out of Nigeria!!! So, according to Samsung US I should ship the phone (at my cost) to Nigeria to see if they will fix it for me.  Instead, I decided to order a new battery from Amazon. However, the battery died after a couple of charges.  It means that the phone is killing the battery.  Three hundred dollars down the drain :(

I received the phone with the wrong/incomplete charger plug. I can't even charge the phone to see if it works or not.

Delivery was prompt. AS for the phone there is not much more I can add, it was bought for my daughter and she like it, with all the apps and features I'm sure she will be busy getting use to it. If I knew how to upload videos I would show one she took of my fish tank in the dark; it looks like day with the camera light; this light is so bright it is difficult to look at the phone if you are making a video, I think there should be a way to lower the brightness. A good device altogether.

It's a very good phone, works perfectly and  has a lot apps, and also it size is perfect to carry on

Works perfectly fine with both sim cards. I am using it in Venezuela with digitel (Active) and movilnet (Passive). Recommended.

The Internet signal is pesima and unstable, not as reported, disappointed that phone, not recommended and is not worth it if you buy part of a distant passing country 30 days you do not respond by the product...........

it should of had a memory card included. but everything else was exceptional. i will recommend this to all my other friends

EnglishAmerican Model: This product is only compatible with a SIM-card issued from a mobile operator within the Americas. (The North, South and Central Americas and the Caribbean) To use SIM cards from other regions, a cumulative call over five minutes must first be made with the SIM card from American operators.EspanolModelo para las Americas: Este producto solo es compatible con las tarjetas SIM emitidas por los operadores moviles en las Americas. (America del Norte, Sur, Central y el Caribe) Para utilizar tarjetas SIM de otras regiones, primero debera realizar una llamada continua de mas de cinco minutos con la tarjeta SIM de operadores Americanos.PortuguesModelo Americano: Este produto e compativel apenas com cartao SIM emitido por operadoras de telefonia movel das Americas. (America do Norte, Sul, Central e Caribe) Para utilizar cartoes SIM de outras regioes, primeiro deve ser realizada uma chamada de cinco minutos feita atraves do cartao SIM da operadora Americana.GH68-39161G(Rev. 1.1)This is what the manual say ,from the reviews i was understanding it can work everywhere .we will see in Europe .Someone might have a solution if European don't work ?Can i unlock it to make it work?

Its a pain its not working correctley it seemz the ph was damage or not made right only good thing is the music its clear when played on the phone

I had the phone for about 2 months now.  Very please with the design and how things work.  Yes, the battery run down a bit fast especially when I forgot to quit the apps I used.  But it can easily be resolved with having a car charger to keep it charged on the go.

Very nice cell phone, it feels very smooth and it's really fast, just as expected but the really nice thing is the size, really it is so difficult to find a good cell in small or medium size!! but this is really awesome and the size is perfect for me. Recommended product!!PD. Also recommend this case for the phone:i-Blason Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini i9190 Armadillo Series 2 Layer Armored Hybrid Cover Case with Inner Soft Case and Hard Outter Shell AT&T;, Verizon, Sprint, T-Mobile (Black)EDIT:Well I've used my phone for a while now and there is an issue that I've notice just now and i want to add to my previous review. The phone is overheating sometimes when not in active use, sometimes when in my pocket the screen and the phone all is reaching almost the 50 degrees (Celsius), then in a few minutes it just go cold again and everything is fine. I get that with a 1.7GHz processor it should generate some heat when hard processing task is going on (play, etc.) but just like that when in my pocket? Until now it is just an issue that have no impact in the phone function but I'm worried about the impact in the phone durability with that temperatures. Some research over the internet tell me that is a thing with the S4 Mini line, others users have the same issues with their phones, not only the I9192, also the I9195 and the I9190. Will keep an eye on it and will update my review if there is any changes. For now one star down.EDIT2:I guess that i found the cause of the overheating and now I'm dealing with it with no problems, the thing is that some app when in background do a lot of CPU usage so now I juts close the apps when finish using it, mostly the games and that kind of stuff.

Phone is just great.  It does everything posted, and more. Takes some getting used to, especially if you are switching from Apple like myself but its worth the wait.

this smartphone is exelent, great size and screen colors, its very fast when runing many apps. have a IR sensor and can controled some TVs and decoders... love it

From this vendor the $400 phone arrived amazingly poorly shipped, the box was 8times too big and open on one end, no bubble wrap or other packing material... the small sealed box with the phone just flew around inside.... But the phone is working fine. I'm using a sim card from PureTalk.  I put a 32gig chip in.  I'm learning how to use the Android phone.  The audio is pretty loud if I wish, the battery is doing okay (lasts the day if wifi is not turned on), it fits in a pocket great, it's bright.  It's just a bit smaller than an SIII.  I have not used the dual sim feature as yet.  I will report back over time with any updates pro or con.  So Far, I recommend it.Update: 40days. I always value reviews that provide comments about product ownership beyond the first week. Phone is working fine, am still learning how to use the software, but the phone works fine. Watch out about auto-sync with Picasa ... stuff gets transferred into the phone gallery that I (you) had not intended. This phone like nearly all smart phones is slick, you want to put a thin cover around it as it's slippery. I have not dropped it, but... the cover is very helpful.

When I was buying this product, I was very aware that is a Mini so I didn't expect it to be in the same league as its big brother the S4.That said, here are my impressions.The product is good. The small size makes its very portable and easy to fit in your pocket or even a lady's small clutch bag. The FM Radio and  IR Remote Control are convenient useful additions.  The Dual SIM works seamlessly.  Love the fact that I when I get home I can switch off the work phone till the next morning.My only complaint, and the reason its not getting 5 stars is the storage.  When you start installing apps. It runs out pretty quick.  Get a large micro SD card when you buy this phone.  You will need it.

untill now since i buy this product never it reached the address that i give..

I'm very satisfied with this smartphone. Easy to use, light, perfect size, fast, intuitive. Really have no complains about the phone.

Exactly what I wanted, Phone is the right size for me. I am enjoying the dual sim functionality as well as I am pleased with the speed of the device.

I'm in the same boat as a few other people. This phone is misleadingly called Unlocked, but it is not however. I work in Afghanistan and I need dual sim cards. I have the S3 mini and it works fine but only takes one sim. Now I am sitting here with this S4 mini which doesn't accept any sim apart from American sims, so it is basically useless to me :(

To me, it's the perfect size. Easily fits in the palm of your hand and in a side jeans pocket. The dual SIM feature is great for having multiple service companies or multiple plans from the same company. Hope they make a 4G LTE version in the future.

This phone give me solutions to daily activities.  The two chips is a great option.  I have some issues when I activate the SIP phone through wireless connection....is not important for me.  Rest of functions work fine....

does what it says well, i would recommend if your not tryin to break the bank, love it get one

it.is a very nice device. we need not.take.two.mobile phone at the same time. it operated quickly and smoothly&#12290; its enough.

This phone and the fast shipping deserve a 5...i got the phone on time in good condition..the phone is an excellent smart phone..and for a mini its quite huge for my small hands so i can only imagine how its big brother would fit...lol..the picture quality is good...this phone is only unlocked for that Caribbean..works well in Jamaica...and the north, south and central america...

This crashed after 2-3 months and now is paperweight. I will see how the warranty process goes and keep you updated.

Its a decent phone for the money. It does its job efficiently but its mossing some of the key features that the s4 would  have like s beam. I was shocked that there is no s beam on this phone.

Best thing I can say of this phone is it is pretty.  Other than that, it is a nightmare to learn to operate with no owners manual.This is the last Samsung product I shall ever buy.  Should have kept my old Motorola Razr.

Had it for about 2 weeks and so far i love it ! im from venezuela and it works perfectly.

The phone sucks. I cant download anything from playstore. Its saying that 'its not available in my country' so can u tell me how to change that because nobody else can?

this is a great phone as it comes from the flag ship S4, yes it doesn't have all the features but it has more than other phones, if you are looking for a small, great and powerful smart phone...this is awesome!

Work very well, has a good size and it's very comfortable. Works very well so far in Venezuela with Movistar line

The features on this phone is out of this world there's a lot of things this phone can do that

This phone does more than any other phone I've ever had, by a long shot. So I don't have much to compare it to. After a month, I'm happy with my purchase.

The phone I ordered is claimed as unlocked but it doesn't work with Russian SIM card with is one of the cards I wanted to use (phone is 2-SIM). I noticed now there is small font that the phone will not work with European carriers, but then the title should not say that it's an UNLOCKED phone. It's a fraud. I lost time and money and can't use phone for what it was intended to be used :( :( :(

I bought this unlocked phone to use in the US and Brazil. I had read in some previous reviews about the so-called &#34;Samsung region lock&#34; but this did not affect me (there was nothing indicated in the box and, besides, both US and Brazil are presumably in the same region). So far, I am quite impressed: apps run smoothly and fast, battery life is good (remember to kill power-eating apps once in a while) and size is perfect: not too large so it fits in my pocket and large enough so I can read pdf files on it.I'm yet to explore the dual sim capability but so far, so good.

I got this phone. The abbreviated manual that comes with it says to go to samsung.com and type in the model number to download the user manual. The website does not recognize the model number. I tracked down their live chat and they say they can't help, but gave a 1-800 number to call for support for the phone. They say it is an &#34;international phone&#34; and they refuse to help anyone in the U.S. You cannot get a manual for the phone. You cannot register the phone. The phone may be great, bu the support is non-existent.

All was good - the phone was new and as described in most respects EXCEPT one very important area: it was only compatible with US or Americas based carriers! Now this was NOT mentioned in the product description when I bought the item (caused me hassles to no end as I am not in the Americas!) but I see it has been mentioned in the post-purchase description, which is not exactly very professional.What is more disappointing is the fact that there were a few professional - and positive sounding - exchanges initially to deal with my complaint. After a lot of back and forth on their commitment to help resolve this issue, there was complete radio silence in the end with no resolution despite lots of follow-up from my end.Bottom line: The product is not what is advertised and the seller doesn't seem to ultimately care!

I was waiting by the phone, and when It finally arrived,It  is defective reheat and discharge the battery, I am thinking it was the battery I bought a  new one, however download and overheats the phone, I'm from Venezuela I want to know if It has warranty here.thanks

This is a truly unlocked international phone, the UI can be set to any language from the long list. It's sad and understandable why Samsung won't sell it in US as it is twice as cheaper than its big brother Galaxy S III. The screen is gorgeous, the phone is very fast and responsive. The size of this baby is perfect for both men and women, unless one prefers all those &#34;bricks&#34; with huge screens. I love this phone!

first good night .. I am writing to inform you complain while the product purchased, the phone did not work does not detect signal from my operator in Venezuela. Actually I lost my money on a product that does not work, that bad seller.

Excellent product, I received the product in good condition and quickly. I love my new phone. Work perfectly with Movistar in Venezuela. I need to try the two together sim card but now work perfectly

I have been using the device for about to weeks now, I am very pleassd with the performance of the device. So far it is performing as advertised. The size is ideal fits in my pocket easily even with the case. It runs smoothly and demonstrates its processing power even when loaded up with apps. I strongly recommend the Samsung s4 mini.

I'm in Costa Rica and it works perfect.  My only complain is that it didn't have the free hands earphones... I would have liked to see a better description first because the actual description says nothing... anyway, I assumed it has all the &#34;default kit&#34; and it didn't...

I returned it. After lost signal the phone is unable to make or receive calls. It is disconnected from the network carrier as if it was activated plane or flight mode. The only way to solve this is restarting the phone.

Excelent phone, good quality, in Venezuela works very good with Movistar. I m happy with this smartphone. 3G not problems.

I bought this phone and it is not as advertised. They sent a European phone with an adapter. My SIM card does not fit in the phone. When I went to return it, this is the response I got... &#34;Hello MelanieYes it does with tmobile 2G. Why are you saying it does not. What doesit say when you turn it on?Emma&#34;How unprofessional is this response? As the customer I am telling them that the SIM does not fit, and the response I get says that it does fit and then basically accuses me of lying when she writes &#34;why are you saying it does not&#34;... I'm sorry. Highly unprofessional. Even t=if they could offer me an exchange for the product that I actually need I would never order from this company (FSG) again based on the hassle they are giving me in returning the phone. Really poor and unprofessional service. Don't waste your time and money buying this. I got the phone on December 23rd as a Xmas gift and 3 days later I have already wasted lots of time trying to get the return resolved, to no avail. Take your business elsewhere.

Very nice phone

Great phone, for a dual sim. Delivered in time, just as described.

GOOD AFTERNOON REQUIRE REFUND OR REPLACE THE NEW ONE PHONE ONLY 5 MONTHS AS HARD TO SELLER LOCATED? I TRAVEL TO MIAMI THIS MONTH

This phone is truly amazing, I learn something new about it every day it seems. Its been nearly 5 months since I received it and I have no complaints at all. I am in the Southeastern US and use T-Mobile, absolutely no problems except it is a little slow in 2G areas but that's to be expected. I like that it fits in my pocket, it's a little smaller than the full size Galaxy S4. So far so good, I highly recommend this phone.

1.- I received it in excellent conditions and fast2.- it works pretty well3.- it is really unlocked in both lines

this phone is awesome,Pros: perfect for those who owns more than two cell phone lines and think is a mess deal with two cell phone. This phone is not that powerful as its bigger brother S IV, but is tiny (perfect for me), fast, good memory capacity and OS Version.Cons: No LTE or 4G capabilities.I do recommend it.EC

I rate xq me wrong but I get the computer not the headphones, I really was disappointing because I will not pay shipping to Venezuela by only a headphones arrived. I hope to improve that sort of thing.

Why do I have to go online and print out  a 129-page manual after paying $355?Worst I cannot shrink the content to smaller font because the manual is in PDF and there is no Word version.  It's very annoying!In fairness the thing is beautiful and just as good as any other phone.

I have used for 3 months and this is a great dual sim phone, works as described, long battery life, good camera.

Although the battery gets hot while executing some application and its durability is not great. It is a good purchase in my opinion having in mind the price. The colors definitions are very good and the 8 mpx camera is remarcable

excelente

I like this cell phone, it's amazing how handable iswhat I don't like is its size, it's very small

I like everything about this smartphone. It works perfectly . I bought to use it in Venezuela and it works fine.

Good phone

This phone is working perfectly, it's very fast and convenient adem&aacute;ss having dual chip, I recommend buying this phone .

Just what i wanted in terms of dual sim capability.However, I was most disappointed that the screen cracked when the phone dropped on hard object from a height of less than 1ft.

great phone for the price, enjoying the idea of having 2 operators with 1 device, very convenient :)

I am not happy with the description. It should be made clear to the costumer that it is not EVERYWHERE it will work. Also it is not 4G LTE

I bought a new phone a month ago, and after a few weeks of use, I noticed that the other device besides warming problems and can no longer charge the battery. I ended up reading several comments from users of this product on the Internet and there are many critical issues about this model. Forget about Samsung.

Small, 2 chips, excelent camera, cool interface (as all galaxys).It arrived on time, in a safety packaging and with manual, cables, ...I strongly recommend the seller and the product.

Excelente&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl;

Much better than the iphone. There are alot more features it's also alot faster, and fully customizable. Its the best phone I've had.

Exactly what I wanted, Phone is the right size for me. I am enjoying the dual sim functionality as well as I am pleased with the speed of the device.

Samsung Galaxy S4 mini is a great little phone. I upgraded from an S3 mini which I immediately fell in love with. If you're looking for a simple phone that does pretty much everything you need to do at the palm of your hand (internet, email, text, music) then go with the S4 mini. For the price, you can't go wrong (under $400 unlocked). The device is sleek and light weight. Decent processor 1.7GHz. The picture quality is amazing (8MP back camera, 1.9 MP front camera). The MICRO SD slot is expandable up to 64 GBs. Model 9192 is a dual MICRO SIM device so a standard SIM will not fit in the phone. So when purchasing this phone, be sure to have that new MICRO SIM on hand.

Great very small fast phone. I ended up returning it cause using the small screen was a little hard for my mans sized fingers. No complaints about the phone. Worked well with very speedy processor.

Considering the size of this device it runs insanely smooth. The new OS gives many features and functions that I am in love with. Only downside is device is light and slips easily, would definitely recommend a case. Besides that this is a must have for the small of hand.

this phone is excellent - the features and ease of use is remarkable.I would highly recommend this product to anyone.

had the grand duos, but this piece of art is just great. even though i have fairly big hands, if found this phone to be small, great for one handed operation. if has almost all the features of the s4 full size. loved the remote control feature :)it's pretty snappy compared to the grand duos. screen looks great. highly recommended for people that like to have a phone that they can slide in their pocket with no worries, ....

It's the best dual I have ever seen and tried. It's fast and has good look. Recommended. Nice and cool

Nice for my actual expectations. I needed a good phone with two chips, and now I have it. Could be faster, could have 4G, could have more functions, but oh well... Its good enough.

So far so good. The phone is working very smoothly with no problems. I gave it three stars because I haven't carried it abroad to see if it work good there too. So i will get back to you on that.

The phone is ok, the dual sim is a pulse but would not recommend it because it is only 3G and I've never seen only E on there. I will give it away to someone who lives in Ireland. I'm going to get the iPhone 5s

I wanted to go for S4 mini and particularly the GT-I9192 model because of two reasons. Compact size and dual sim. It is handy and fits in perfectly in the pocket.The dual sim works flawlessly. You may have to replace your regular sim to micro sim at a store or a scissors would suffice if you are confident.My primary sim is ATT and secondary Sim is Airtel(India). I got the new micro sim for my ATT from the store and cut the other Airtel sim with scissors. Airtel sim registers with ATT network(as the both carriers have some understanding) and becomes ATT Airtel. I am able to dial/receive calls on both the networks.Internal storage is 8GB inclusive of the 2.6GB phone software. There is no notification light to notify on charging/emails/messages when the screen is off(which many phones have). Data transfer is only through one of the sims.No issues from the phone as of now. I am happy that I made the right purchase!

The product was sent on time and well packaged. The phone works great on all platforms and its size is perfect. The price is very good.

I just bought this phone, it works very well, i am happy with it.

I am an Apple fan but I got this phone for its dual SIM capability. For what I payed I could not get better features. There are several comments that indicate this is not an ulocked phone but that is not true, it is really unlocked and works with SIMs from the US and I have tried it with SIMs from Mexico too, no problems. Very good seller too, fast delivery, good packaging.

I am not satisfied with the product you purchased since the model requested was invoiced and a Samsung s4 galaxy mini and i received the model samsung s3 galaxy mini. How can I make a claim?

Received product ok but having serious battery issues. Battery does not last, even though charged to full capacity before use. Unsure as to why this is, also difficult to access or purchase the right battery type.

from today onwards I will only use Samsung, it seems perfect to me

Great solution for those who need two lines on a phone without using an app like Google Voice or Skype.. This phone has TWO real lines... and its fast as can be.. and unlocked.

Completely satisfied. And I am still learning its many features. It is sturdy, sleek, sexy and is very manageable for persons with small hands. The s4 requires two hands to operate: one to hold and the other to navigate the screen. This phone only requires one of my hands to hold and operate. I absolutely love my phone!

I really like that phone

I purchased it in the USA and use it in Europe with French and German SIM cards and it works really well.

Amazon you are the best ever company about providing a good quality for your customer I am really happy with my Samsung Galaxy S4 mini

I like this product and i recommend to buy it to all who need one cell phone S4 mini samsung.

I love the phone. It's no Galaxy S4, but it gives me a lot of really nice features and has dual sim. This is the best dual sim phone in the market at this time.

Very good cell phone, it's fast, but don't install much apps, I'd give it a 5 star, but the battery is really bad....

Lo uso con Movistar (SIM 1) y Movilnet (SIM 2). Es Samsung! Que mas se puede decir de esta prestigiosa marca?Aunque es elaborado en China (lo que les podr&iacute;a generar desconfianza), es bueno recordar que Samsung tiene plantas en distintos pa&iacute;ses, es un producto ORIGINAL.Ciertamente existen  las imitaciones de los galaxy por parte de los chinos, pero este no es el caso. Este &#34;Smartphone&#34; viene elaborado y certificado, con licencia Samsung. Lo recomiendo!I use it with Movistar (SIM 1) and Movilnet (SIM 2). Is Samsung! What more can be said of this prestigious brand?Although it is made &#8203;&#8203;in China (which could lead to mistrust them), we should remember that Samsung has plants in different countries, there is a product ORIGINAL.Ciertamente imitations of the galaxy by the Chinese, but this is not the case. This &#34;Smartphone&#34; is prepared and certified, with Samsung license. I recommend it!

I thought it was worthy of note that Samsung made a fantastic and impressive smart phone that now I own. Any Buyers would not worry on wasting money and will expect excellent results.

Excelente

Great dual SIM phone. Since I got it, I have had no problems and it does absolutely everything I need.

Good phone which has international use. I use it in France with 2 sim's. It is very simple to switch from one sim to the other one. The phone is small enough to put it in a pocket but the size is good for the use.

This cell phone is not unlocked all over the world, just in some countries across the continental America.This supplier is either giving misinformation or deliberately fooling consumers.Get in touch with Amazon.com or with the supplier before purchasing this product.
