
I've owned every type of smartphone (Apple, Android and WP), this by far is the best of the bunch for my particular needs.  I'm not a heavy app user, so my primary desires for a smartphone are good build quality, good phone call quality, clean messaging interface, good camera, reliable GPS with voice navigation & customizable routes, good media capabilities, and solid battery life.  The 1020 knocks it out of the park on all of those fronts.The camera is far better than most standalone point and shoots I've owned over the years.  41 MP is probably a bit of overkill, but it delivers razor sharp, quality pictures time after time so I certainly wont complain.  Low light pictures without a flash, which is often the achilles heel of smartphone cameras, are no problem for the 1020.  While it does take a few seconds to process photos after each shot, I'll gladly sacrifice speed for quality.  I haven't messed around with all of the advanced photo features yet because there are so many of them, but this camera literally could please the most amateur point and shooter or semi-professional photographer with the wealth of features and settings this camera has.Build quality is second to none, perhaps even better than the iPhone.  Resolution is bright and sharp, and the colors seem to pop on the screen. The screen uses Corning Gorilla Glass, so it is nearly impervious to everyday scuffs and bumps.  The body is solid, adding some weight to the phone which I personally like.  The only complaint about the body is that the finish they use makes the phone very slippery.  I'd highly recommend some sort of case if you plan to use this alot for photos and such, as it will get dropped...especially if your hands are even the least bit damp.  The camera lens sticks out from the body of the phone; personally, I like this as it angles the phone upward a bit when resting on a flat surface...so its easier to read (and also looks nice!) while sitting on a desk when you are working.  However, it does make the phone a bit top-heavy...add that to the slippery finish, and again, reason to get a good case for this phone.GPS is solid and reliable, with turn based voice navigation and customizable routes (Avoid Tolls / highways, etc).  Maps can be downloaded for offline use which is useful for drives with bad reception areas.Media capabilities went beyond my expectations, in addition to supporting the standard file formats like mp3, mp4 and such, it also is able to handle other types of files that aren't listed on the spec sheet, such as xvid.  Whats especially nice about the new line of Windows Phones is that it is no longer married to the awful Zune software.  On a windows machine you can sync files using Windows Media Player, or even just copy files over using Windows Explorer.  OneDrive (formerly Skydrive) integration is nice as well for accessing files in the cloud.  One complaint I have on this front is that the built in speaker is way too quiet.  it seems to have an audio leveling feature that cant be disabled, so its often tough to hear youtube videos and such even with the volume all the way up.Battery life on the phone wasn't that good the first few days i had it, it seemed to burn through a charge in about 14 hours.  The longer I've owned the phone, it has improved drastically.  I now am able to get a good 2 days out of a single charge; mind you I am not a heavy app user so your mileage may vary...but its at least on par, if not better than most of its competitors.As for the interface, I find the WP interface to be the best out of all of them.  I prefer simplicity, the tiles are perfect for my tastes.  I want a simple clean interface so I can get to what I want quickly.  Tile size is adjustable, and Nokia now offers an app to create folders.  The live tiles are great...if i just want to glance at some quick headlines, check the weather, or get basic traffic info without opening up the app, I can get all of that just by glancing at the home screen without opening an app.  Some may bemoan the lack of apps, I dont find this a problem at all.  Most of the major ones are there (except Amazon Instant Video!), and there is a pretty good selection of games as well.  It should suit most needs, but if a huge selection of apps is your top priority...get an iPhone.Some other things I like about this phone are Call and Text Blocking, where you can blacklist specific callers and even block unknown calls.  Voice notification is fantastic while driving.  When connected to bluetooth, the phone will automatically notify you of an incoming message, and give you the option to read, reply, or ignore all via voice command without even touching the phone.  Another cool feature is that the sensitivity of the screen can be adjusted so that you can operate the phone using gloves, which is certainly useful during inclement weather.Overall, this is one smartly designed and well built piece of hardware.  If hardware is more important to you than apps, this is the best phone to get.  Highly enjoyed and recommended to anyone.

I usually wait a month to review electronics, but this one has been superb so far, and especially for the price. I did notice some artifacts on my screen when the phone is turned off probably suggesting this is a refurbished one. Luckily, I'm not super anal about things like that. Besides I'm paying for insurance in case anything does go wrong....

At the end of the day, in 3-5 years, the only lasting legacy of any phone that you purchase today will be the pictures taken with its camera.  As a parent deciding on a new phone, I kept coming back to this truism and had to choose the Lumia 1020.As some history, my last three devices were top of the line offerings from Palm (Palm OS, not WebOS), Android, and Apple.  Each had their own pros and cons:  Palm- awesome but dead.  Android- highly customizable, but more and more unsteady as your model moves from the top of the list for updates. iPhone- very stable and predictable, but not much customization.The models that I considered were:Apple 5s- Second choice next to Lumia due to second best camera.Samsung Note 3- Great horsepower but too many things to go buggy with S-stylus and other featuresSamsung Galaxy GS4- Camera lags 5s, too much OEM overlay on Android without buying GOogle Play versionHTC One- Camera is a non-starter.  Great build quality.LG G2- Weird form factor for my taste.  UI too cartoony.  Camera was best android tested, but still lags 5s.Lumia- Best camera by far.  Time to load is nowhere near the 6 seconds quoted by CNET's awful review, plus there are other camera apps which load faster and offer burst mode.  Windows is taking getting used-to, but is just as fast/stable as iOS and gives some widget-like functionality with Live Tiles.  Biggest complaints as follows, everything else stellar:-Cannot adjust ringer volume and device volume independently.-Cannot add attachment to an email outside of file viewing or content creating app-Lower number of 1st party apps.  Note- many missing apps can be worked around through 3rd party client apps or built-in OS features, but I don't trust 3rd party apps in some cases, like Dropbox.-Need to use alternate program or connect to PC to share full resolution photos.-Although live tiles are nice, consolidated notification would be good to have as alternative.-ATT LOCKER HAS SHADY TERMS OF USE WHICH GRANTS ATT PERPETUAL ROYALTY FREE LICENSE TO YOUR CONTENT!!!Edit: Some may notice the Xperia Z1 as being absent from the list.  I did not get a chance to use one in person, but was put off by only 16GB of on-board storage. (Micro SD cards in phones are notoriously faulty and I do not trust my photos to them, even for the time from taking them to a time that they can be backed up.)  While 32 GB built into the lumia 1020 is less than the 64 that I was used to on my iPhone, it has not caused any issues.  Also, for those wondering, I use a Mac as my primary PC and have other Apple products (iPad, Apple TV) and it was not painful to leave the ecosystem for my phone.

The title is wishful but fingers-crossed. One thing I believe is this phone will help Nokia and Microsoft to gain(regain) some level of credibility in mobile/consumer market and of-course lot of work still has to be done by Microsoft in terms of apps quality in 2014 for mass acceptance.My criteria when shopping for a new phone-1. Video streaming on internet  - I have been getting good signal and wi-fi quality is sturdy. Though, I hate video streaming on this OS since I could not figure out a way to slide the bar to appropriate time of the play. IPTV format videos runs for 10 seconds and then quits with an error. I have to hit fast-forward button multiple times which annoys me. There are 30 levels of adjustments for speaker. Some videos work well as expected on volume adjustments but then there are multiple videos where level 0 is mute and level 1 is loud. These videos worked as expected on volume adjustments on iphone and Android devices. (2/5)2. Maps - 'here' built-in app has been handy, bus routes and nearest shopping places- 5/53. Good quality camera since I did not want to carry a camera and phone in my pocket - I love the Nokia app and the camera wide angle shots. It has all the manual options I use - 5/54.  Basic Apps - FB, Yelp, bank apps, YouTube, skype, whatsapp, waze, etc.- I love in-built Nokia Radio, it has better collection than Pandora for me on foreign music. Bing search is handy. I found all my apps and more though the FB app sucks on WinOS. I cannot seem to hit the 'see more' on the post and continuously seems to fumble on using this app. My friend sent a sticker on New Year, but the FB app could not open the sticker.  Another thing- My Skype was showing red and green colors on video chat. Atleast you would expect Skype to be a better app on Windows OS! (3/5)5 User Interface - I love the concept of arranging tiles. I also downloaded another app called 'Cool Tiles' that customized some of my tiles. Very smooth to navigate. It took me sometime to get used to the keyboard. (5/5)6. Ergonomics - A littler large for my small hands and my thumb cannot reach to all the tiles..said that I am getting used to this size from a iphone4. (4/5)7. Quality - signal reception seems to be good, dropped flat on my laptop cover other day and the screen survived. The screen has finger smudges all over. My iphone earplugs are working but the mike signal is feeble.(4/5)It has been a week I started using..I will provide another one after using for a longer time.Hope this helps.

Struggling a bit with lack of Windows Apps. Keeping an old iPhone on my home Wi-Fi to run apps I can't get on Windows.

Gorilla glass3 oversold - ive had 2 both screens cracked. First time I ate the insurance deductable. This time I just can send it out for a replacement.  Before that I noticed scratches on the screen.  So maybe gorilla glass 3 is kinda soft.Besides that I love everything else about it,the camera, the feel if it, the OS.  Just one other issue that bothers me the shutter lag or time between pictures.

but...the thing that sucks, that i just can't stand, is that there is a four second delay after each photo.  in four seconds, you miss everything that just took place. it doesn't make sense that this phone doesnt' have a quicker burst or the ability to tap tap tap instant photos like all the other camera phones.  Nokia blew it on this one if you ask me.  signed, disgruntled

I spend around 700$ to buy this phones which they said it's Unlocked , But when the phone arrived I tried to use with different SIM card but it didn't work

After using Lumia 1020....it made me feel the Iphone 5 was very mediocre device that i used earlier...Now with Lumia 1020 it felt a clear evolution to an ultimate smartphone experience that cannot be described in words... who says windows is missing apps..i got all the apps I needed and they felt more faster and smoother...the camera is huge...just go for it...its worth the every dollar...

I recently upgraded from the Nokia 900 to the 1020 and I'm a very happy Windows Phone user. The camera is spectacular. Really great. The pictures are probably more saturated than a purist photographer would like but I think for the rest of us we like that effect. The clarity, the low-light and macro options are also fantastic. The camera on the 900 was terrible.I also like the flow of the tiles and they seemed to have fixed the back button issues as well. I'm still not a huge fan of the back button but it seems more logical now in how it works. Still sometimes hard to know what's going to happen when you press it - will you exit the app or just go back a page?I was a little concerned that the bulge on the back would be annoying but I don't even really notice. It appears larger in the images than it looks in real-life. I wouldn't let that sway you.So why Windows Phone and not iPhone 5 (I don't even look at Androids - that market is a mess of fragmentation I don't want to play in)? So the iphone is smaller and has more apps. Those are nice features and certainly it does a great job all around. There's no denying the iPhone is a wonderful phone.However, I spend a lot of my day on email and using the calendar and the Windows Phone's calendar capability outshines the iPhone. I can add attendees to meetings, I can forward meetings, etc. Why Apple doesn't add this capability is beyond me because it would take a developer probably 2 weeks at the most but they seem to not be interested in it.And as far as apps go, I rarely come to a point where there's not an app for what I want to do. Evernote, Facebook, Twitter, Transit Seattle, Instagram, etc are all on Windows Phone. I guess there are a billion apps on iPhone that I don't have access to but I don't feel in the least bit slighted for not having access to an app that was download by 10 other people.All in all, a great phone.

$100 cheaper than getting it at the store. A much better deal. Not sure why more people don't do it. Sheep. Sucked in by the monsters that are ATT and verizon. Even I, as a person who bought this phone with contract extension am a sheep stuck in the trap of these large phone companies. If you spit out the $700 + dollars to buy this phone or any other popular smart phone and then go with one of those companies that offer unlimited talk, text, and data for around $50 a month, you will still save hundreds of dollars over a 24 month period. It's just that most people don't have that kind of money to shell out at a time. You are basically getting a loan for your phone and paying interest. ATT next plan is even worse. Shame on you ATT. Shame on you.

To review the Nokia Lumia 1020 is to review a compact camera that happens to have some phone features tacked onto it. Essentially, you would only buy this thing for its 41MP PureView camera with Xenon flash. If you weren't already a Nokia fan, why buy Windows Phone 8? When we first heard about the 41MP smartphone camera in the Nokia PureView 808, our initial thoughts were, "What a shame to put such a nice camera on a Symbian device." Now that the camera is coupled with a marginally better platform, we can breathe a small sigh of relief. If you're familiar with the Lumia line of phones, the 1020 shouldn't look that foreign to you. Its curvature and overall shape are reminiscent of the Lumia 920, and the smaller Lumia 820.On the face of the device, you'll find a 4.5-inch 1280 x 720 touchscreen display. The left edge of the device, if you're facing the screen, is clean and free of any buttons or ports. The right side has a volume rocker, power/standby button and a dedicated camera button. At the base of the device you'll find the micro-USB charging port and speaker/microphone. Up top, there is a SIM card tray, 3.5mm headset jack and another microphone for noise cancellation. The back of the device is perhaps the most noticeable, with its large camera module, Xenon flash, LED light and camera lens. It protrudes enough from the device that it never lays flat on its back. Even without the bulky camera, it's a substantial device as far as modern smartphones go. It's not the slimmest or lightest by any means, but it is somehow slightly slimmer and lighter than the Lumia 920. To give you an idea of its dimensions, this Lumia phone is 130.4mm tall, 71.4mm wide and 10.4mm thick and weighs 158 grams. As you can see, it's pretty wide and bloated by today's smartphone standards.Despite its size and weight, you eventually get used to maneuvering your way around the device. It's the camera that makes it tricky to hold. Do you keep your fingers around it, or grip the phone right over the camera? Decisions, decisions. Our review model came in matte black, and it's slightly more slippery than its glossy predecessors. The Lumia 1020 also comes in yellow and white. For those of you interested in internals, there is a Qualcomm Snapdragon dual-core 1.5GHz processor, 2GB RAM, 32GB on-board storage and a 2,000 mAh battery. Windows Phone 8 resides inside the Nokia Lumia 1020, and if you've ever used Windows Phone before, it will be incredibly familiar to you. This version of Windows Phone 8 is called Amber, available only to Nokia devices, and it's the latest version of the Microsoft platform. It adds a few nifty new features to the software, but it's not a major overhaul of the platform or anything. You can do new things with the Amber update like double tap the display to turn it on, or flip your phone over to silence it. And if you love customizing your device, there are a handful of new wallpapers added.Otherwise, it's just plain old Windows Phone 8. The live tile system works pretty nicely to give you app updates and any other relevant info you might want to see. The tiles are also customizable in size, so you can make them large or small and arrange them into clusters when you shrink them down. If you swipe to the right from the main screen, you'll see a list of all your apps, including the settings. It's a mostly intuitive platform, but what it's seriously lacking is third-party app support. Most of the big-name apps are on Windows Phone 8, like Facebook, Twitter, CNN, Foursquare and more. But it's also missing incredibly popular apps like Instagram and Vine. This lack of app support is what usually turns people off from adopting the Windows Phone platform. Another sorely missing feature is a centralized notification system. With iOS and Android, you can see all your notifications and updates in a drop-down pane, whereas Windows Phone 8 leaves you guessing with the live tile system. If you get a notification for an app that isn't immediately within view of the display, you have to scroll around just to make sure you haven't missed anything.In terms of everyday performance, I experienced no lag or hiccups at all. Well, other than the camera, but we're going to cover that issue. Scrolling through the home page or within apps is smooth, unlike the Android experience on some handsets. The apps and tiles have cool animations, too, when you're opening or closing them or watching your notifications.

I owned the Nokia Lumia 920, and although a very good device on its own with a very good camera, there was some definite room for improvement in form factor (size/weight). The Lumia 1020 simply provides a much better package compared to Nokia's initial 9xx series. Needless to say the camera is excellent, producing what most would argue are the best images of any smartphone and rivaling some point and shoots. It doesn't compare to my Sony NEX-5R or a DSLR, but considering it is a smartphone, I think Nokia should be applauded for what they have done.This model is thinner, noticeably lighter, has a great AMOLED screen with all of the enhancements from Nokia (ClearBlack HD+, 60Hz refresh rate, etc.), and actually feels really good in your hand due to the matte finish on the polycarbonate unibody design. It's unfortunate that built-in wireless charging is no longer built into the device like a couple of the 92x devices, but it can easily be added with the wireless charging backplate which fits the device perfectly. Although I do wish there was a 64GB option, the 32GB should be sufficient for most people. Minor features such as the "Glance/Peek" screen and the re-introduction of FM radio are nice as well.The Windows Phone 8 OS has come along way since Microsoft's major mobile re-design (Windows Phone 7), it's not perfect, and missing a couple of things that I really think can't come soon enough (notification center and a better way to manage running apps come to mind)... but it does everything I need it to do. A lot of people will complain about apps, but I haven't really had a problem. If there's not an official app many times there are third party apps that can be used or a good mobile website so that isn't an issue. Features like Office, OneNote, and Xbox Music are much more valuable to me in a smartphone anyway than most apps/games.

Having owned several Windows Phones from WP 7 on up, this is by far the best I've had.  The pictures it takes are great.

I wanted to make the change to windows phone. So I went and bought the lumina 1020. It's a great phone with probably the best build quality of any phone. (Trust me I've had most of them it seems. 14 different smartphones to be exact) I like to take a lot of pictures so I thought this phone would be perfect for me. The camera took really good pictures but so does all the preview Nokia lumina camera phones. This one just has the 42 mega pixel camera. (The part I wasn't impressed with) . First of all when you take a picture it puts it into 2 resolutions. One is 5 megapixels and the other is like 37 or 38 megapixels. To get the 38 megapixel one off your phone you have to connect the phone to a computer or use AT&T; locker. So after looking at both hi res and low res pictures on my computer and on my phone. There is only a little difference in clarity when you zoom way in. Not near what I was expecting and what I had heard and read about. Still a very good camera but so are the other pure view lumina cameras.Now onto the apps.It's pretty bad when you go to show someone you phone and you show them the YP (yellow pages) app. That's when you know the app selection and quality is bad. They have come a long ways with there apps but still have a very long way to go to catch up with android and IOS.Overall the phone is a decent smart phone but for me it was to hard to jump over to windows from a Android phone. I sent mine back and got the galaxy note 3 ( which is awesome ). It's too bad because I was ready to get rid of both my iPads for the Nokia 2520 windows tablet. That will have to wait now.

I upgraded from the Samsung Focus Flash and I've been nothing but happy. WP8 is smooth, intuitive, and pretty. Set-up is easy and WP8 has found a great balance between customization and user-friendly default settings. I've had the phone over a month now and haven't encountered any issues.The camera is obviously the highlight of this phone. I love taking pictures, but I don't want to be carrying a &#34;real&#34; camera around with me everywhere I go. So far I've been very impressed with this camera's abilities in a wide range of conditions. It's not the best for capturing motion with it's automatic settings (my dogs refuse to sit still), but for more advanced users you can use the manual settings to get the pictures you want.I'm very glad to see the app market expanding to WP. One of the down-sides to getting into the WP market fairly early was being unable to participate in all the popular apps. This is finally changing. People are actually developing for WP. I can finally spam instagram with pictures of my food and dogs (yeah, sure, it's a waste of the beautiful camera images to crop them down and run them through silly filters, but whatever, don't judge!).All in all, I highly recommend this phone.

I am having a great time using this phone, my biggest problem is I seem to upgrade my phone within 6-8 months of the latest version coming out...it is Win 8...I do not think it will upgrade to newly released versions...This would be a great feature for phones, the ability to upgrade the OS...My Nexus 7 has changed its OS about 4 times now...

While awaiting the arrival of my back-ordered iPhone 5S I decided to upgrade my iPhone 4S to iOS 7, which I immediately regretted.  Alas, once upgraded there was no going back, so I spent a couple of weeks attempting to adjust, after all my new phone would be iOS 7 with no alternatives.  Despite having turned off parallax I still found the icon motion nausea-inducing and the thinner font hard to read even after making it bold.During my second week with iOS 7 I started to research alternatives to the iPhone 5S and quickly focused on the Nokia Lumia 1020.  I am an amateur photographer.  I enjoy photography and prefer to have a functional camera in my smartphone, because I always have my phone with me and don't always have a camera with me (carrying 3lbs of DSLR + lens in my purse is really not something I can do on a daily basis).  I upgraded my first and second iPhones mostly to take advantage of better cameras in newer models. My plan to upgrade to the iPhone 5S was similarly primarily to take advantage of the new, and significantly better, camera and flash.But, the Lumia 1020 has quite possibly the best camera of any smartphone available today.  After reading numerous reviews here and elsewhere, and having a hands-on experience with one in the local AT&T; store I cancelled my iPhone 5S order and replaced my iPhone 4S with the Lumia 1020 instead.  I purchased the black one with the Nokia Camera Grip for Lumia 1020.  If you are a photographer, even a hobby/amateur one, I highly recommend purchasing the camera grip.  It gives the phone a more balanced feeling as a camera, and adds additional battery power for a reasonable price too--I paid $59.99, but I hear that if you purchase your phone straight from Microsoft you can get a black camera grip for free.Pros:* Fantastic photographs* Nokia Pro Cam app allows a lot of control over camera settings* Camera grip provides a nice, balanced camera feel to the phone* Very easy to configure email accounts (Outlook/Exchange and Gmail)* Customizable and aesthetically pleasing UI (bonus: it doesn't make me feel sick!)* Had no trouble finding Windows Phone versions of or replacement apps for my most frequently used apps* FREE built-in GPS navigation app with turn-by-turn voice guidance* Syncing iTunes music was quick and simple using the Windows Phone App for PC (Windows 7/8 compatible only)Cons:* Drive size is 32GB, no other drive size options available* Does not pair with the Bluetooth in my 2007 Toyota Camry Hybrid* Setting up People (i.e. Contacts) was a time-consuming, manual process because I attempted to use the Excel spreadsheet exported from my old iPhone and imported into Outlook.com method (and the spreadsheet wouldn't load all of my contacts)* No Epocrates app for Windows Phone* No TomTom app for Windows Phone (but so far the free GPS navigation app has been fine as a replacement)* Windows Phone Facebook app doesn't allow uploading of videos* iTunes videos will not sync (DRM issue)Switching from iOS to Windows Phone was much easier than I thought it would be.  While it is true that Windows Phone's app store has far fewer apps than the iTunes app store there are certainly plenty and most of the apps I had installed on my iPhone were not used very often, if at all.  I do wish that there was an Epocrates app for Windows Phone, and hope that maybe they will provide one, but it's not something that I use every day, so it's not a "deal breaker".So, if you are considering switching from iOS don't discount Windows Phone, especially the Nokia Lumia 1020.  It's a great phone and a nice little camera too!

I have to say that I own a Lumia 928 and loved the simplicity of Windows Phone, coming from an Android device from a Galaxy that shall remain nameless. I heard about this phone and started thinking I don't need lossless zoom or any of that stuff. Then I went to the store and tried the camera. WOW was I impressed. Not only does it take better, sharper, clearer, it blows the doors off my year old digital camera with a 20x Optical Zoom! I can not say enough good things about this phone, if you love taking pictures get it don't wait just get it. I love the app selection, there is not a single app that I am missing from Android contrary to what they were telling me in the store that I went to. I have them all Instagram in the form of an awesome app called Instance, Facebook, Hulu Plus you name it most likely it is there. Again I LOVE LOVE LOVE my phone and won't trade it for anything out there.

Ten reasons why I bought Nokia lumia 1020 rather than iPhone5S1) Superlative camera. (I have been using Canon T2i for the last 3 years - I have not seen a camera that you can set to Manual, adjust various settings and see immediately the impact of the settings). Nokia was able to combine the best of what is  in a smart phone - processor, memory, OS, etc. with an excellent app - Nokia Pro Cam (by far the best app in WP8)  - to take picture taking to the next level.2) Excellent screen3) Superior call quality4) Fantastic speakers5) Sleek, superfast WP8 interface without any security issues and crashes like Android.6) By far the best productivity suite like OneNote as part of  Office7) Fantastic build quality8) Best keyboard in mobile platform9) Free Here Maps without a data plan10) rather than follow the crowd and contribute to AAPL's  45% profit margins - encourage real innovation.After using it for three weeks, adding in more..Before I switched to lumia 1020 - I was using Google Nexus 4 and was happy with it.My main tilt was due to the camera.I was skeptical as  lot of folks are for switching to Win8. I am glad that I did it. After taking 100 odd shots - I have to say, the pictures are stunning - and in general usage  they are turning out to be better than my CanonT2i.  With a 28-mm equivalent lens - wide angle pictures are excellent.Tweaking the ProCam settings in Manual mode can produce stunning images - rivaling DSLR's.If you like taking pictures with a smart phone having this phone will thrill you.Squeezing a camera of this magnitude is indeed a true engineering achievement.([...] )As a consumer, grateful to Nokia for making this happen.As far as W8 platform goes - Most of the frequently used apps are in there. I am not into Games - so can't  tell what is missing - but you can go check the TOP FREE APPS in Google Play and Win 8 Platform. I believe 80% of Google's TOP 50  free play store apps are in W8. I am also positively surprised by  Bing's - News, Sports and Weather Apps. They are excellent. Microsoft Office Suite - especially OneNote is super cool. This is way better than Google Doc's  - and far better than Google's Sticky notes app.Considering that W8 is extremely good platform,  I hope there is enough momentum to get more market share - as ultimately consumers are the winners. We need Nokia's brilliant R&D; engineer's to continue innovating.

The camera is the best available on a phone.  I have used it for a few months now and I am still amazed at how crisp and clear the photos are.  The OS is smooth and easy to use, as well.  I have used iOS, Android, and Windows Phone over the past few years and I like the WP interface the best.

For those of you out there dissing Windows Phone as irrelevant, well simply put, you are missing out on the most complete and competent OS on the market.

The phone takes excellent pictures. And of course Windows Phone OS is the best. There isn't a better camera phone out there.

I love the phone. I bought into how great &#34;Gorilla&#34; 3 glass is supposed to be, so I hate how NONdurable it turned out to be--when a maybe 1 foot drop cracked mine. And the customer service was highly disappointing. If the screen cracks, expect Nokia to give you the number to a repair company that charges $158 PLUS shipping. To replace the entire screen, when only the glass is cracked. (I know nothing of repairing phones, but there is no way the small cracks in one corner are worth that much.) Even worse, I was informed that as &#34;physical damage,&#34; that crack voids whatever warranty there was!So I regret switching from my iPhone; Apple certainly had MUCH better service. When my iPhone was totally waterlogged, I got a one time FREE replacement. Even when my popsicle mold shatters, Zoku sends me TWO new ones.

The voice navigation of the "Nokia Drive+" was perfectly working through Bluetooth when the OS was still Windows Phone 8.0but after the update Windows Phone 8.1, the voice navigation through bluetooth disappeared. The music & video audio throughbluetooth is fine, what I need is the Voice Audio that is working with "Nokia Drive+"  navigation app that is whenconnected through bluetooth on my car radio disappeared after applying the Windows Phone 8.1 update. Its working fine usingthe audio jack on the phone but it beats the purpose of having a bluetooth radio and cellphone. I hate this 8.1 update,everything was working fine on 8.0, I wish i did NOT update this once a beautiful phone. Microsoft you ruined everythingonce more! THANKS FOR NOTHING!Below this line is my previous complaints and compliments ----------------------Everyone, I'm glad to announce that they actually fixed the "yellow-tint" pictures on the Nokia Lumia 1020 by this recently released update on AT&T; users called "The Nokia Black Update" release date December 19, 2013. So I tested the camera and little by little, those yellow-tinted problems have gone away so "CHEERS" Nokia and Microsoft, I apologies if I gave it a 1/5 star on my rating because its frustrating at first but I changed it recently thanks to that recently released black update. Now and forever I'm a Nokia fan and a Microsoft product user, I'm still testing the phone so I only gave it a 4/5 stars for now and might comeback again in a few days to test out the black update on the Lumia 1020. Who knows, I might give it a complete 5/5 star rating. Keep up the good work Microsoft and Nokia! Thanks so much.------- IGNORE MY REVIEW BELOW ----------- FOR NOWI recently have something of a problem in taking photos! All of my pictures have a yellow-tint that mixes with the white color... and in the commercials they always say its the best camera, shame on you NOKIA! I have a lot of respect before, and even bought 2 of your flagship phones, not its your fault this issue was hidden to the masses...  BEWARE, IT DESTROYS YOUR PICTURE AND MIXES YELLOW during post processing of the photo... regardless whether or not with flash or not! SHAME! SHAME!I HOPE THIS REVIEW WILL HELP NOKIA DO SOMETHING CAUSE THEY CALL THIS THE BEST CAMERA PHONE AND I FOOLISHLY BELIEVED IT... This yellow-tint photos that I keep getting, but how come the Nokia Lumia 1520 (which I bought too) is not experiencing this??? See how loyal a customer I am to you NOKIA! I bought "two" phones on Amazon and AT&Ts...; SHAME ON YOU NOKIA! FIX THIS PLEASE, READ THE COMMENTS ELSEWHERE (i.e, Nokia Forums, WPcentral, etc, every websites brought up the issue, except here!) CAUSE AMAZON IS A PART OF THIS!

I bought one locally with contract 199.00 very happy with phone expertThe lack of amazon cloud player app , other than that it's great.

The camera on this phone is off the hook.  The call quality is comparable to a proper landline.  The call quality should be as much of a selling point for this phone, as is all the social network hoopamuhjoob and the camera.

First off, I have to say I actually love the Windows OS. I am a converted Android user, and was hesitant to switch to Windows. My husband loves his Nokia 920 and talked me into the 1020. I had it for less than two weeks before I dropped it once and the screen shattered. During that two weeks, I came to love the phone and its features. The camera is awesome, and I looked forward to learning how to photograph awesome pictures with it. I loved the Room feature where my husband and I could share pictures and a family calendar together. The phone is blazing fast, especially after coming off a 2-year-old Samsung. I loved the tile feature. I loved that only one app ran at a time, and all others were put on hold so as not to bog down the phone. Its a great OS.I got the phone replaced and immediately put the new one into the $75 Nokia camera case made by Nokia for this phone. A few days later, I was trying to take the case off to attach the wrist strap because there is no cutout in the case for the strap. The case fits very snugly, so while I was trying to take it off, the phone slipped out of my hand and shattered.I have done a lot of research over the past couple days because I feel this is a major design flaw. As I said, my husband has the 920. That phone is indestructible. There are plenty of videos showing people trying to destroy the 920 with little success. It turns out the 1020 has 3rd Generation Gorilla glass, where the 920 has 2nd. In my extensive research, I have found that the 3rd Gen glass is very brittle and breaks easily because of the way it is manufactured. The glass is under so much stress that even the tiniest scratch compromises the integrity of the glass, and it instantly shatters. This glass isn't supposed to scratch. It isn't supposed to shatter when dropped either. But in the end, its tempered GLASS. Yes, you can run over it with a car and it won't break, and you can drop ball bearings on it and it won't break, but how often do you run over your phone with a car or drop ball bearings on it? Now, how many times do you drop your phone in any given week? One drop is all it took to shatter the screen on both phones. I wish I could attach pictures to my review because they speak a million words.All of that being said, if you REALLY want this phone, I would recommend finding a rubberized case with extra padding on the corners and maybe getting a good screen protector. I had ordered four different covers to look at to decide if I thought any of them would protect the phone, but I am just too scared to carry another new Nokia 1020 around. If the third one breaks, I'm SOL.I wanted to love this phone. I wanted to carry it around and boast its praises for the next 2+ years, but I can't do that because of the glass. I hope Nokia and Corning address this issue, because it is an awesome phone and who wouldn't love the 41mp camera? In the meantime, I will be downgrading to a new 920 that is proven indestructible.

So I went out on a limb and bought a Windows phone, mostly because of the 41 megapixel camera, but also because I have xbox360 and was also thinking of getting the xbox music service (Microsoft music or whatever its called now) so it will all run seamlessly. What a sad, sad, sad joke played on me.What I bought:Lumia 1020 - $200 plus contractNokia Lumia 1020, Black (AT&T;)JBL Charge-up wireless charger/speaker - $400Nokia MD-100W JBL PowerUp Wireless Charging Speaker for Nokia - Retail Packaging - Cyanxbox music pass $10/monthWhat I got:Music that sounds terrible when played through Bluetooth on any device (headset, jbl speaker, etc). It sounds mushy and bassy - basically it sounds like its being played under water."No big deal" I thought to myself. I will just find an equalizer app and fix that.No equalizer app exists"OK, then I will go to my phone audio setting and adjust there" - oops the equalizer built in to Nokia music/settings DOES NOT WORK for Bluetooth. You MUST be plugged in for the equalizer to work.So the worlds richest company with TONS of cash, enough to BUY Nokia, cant make a simple equalizer that works with its own native music service or on any of its supposedly "made for" products like the JBL chargeup speaker system. WTH?I should have never ever trust Microsoft again after zune, but I did and now I paid for it again. PLEASE if you like music and are thinking of this phone, do yourself a favor and DONT buy it. The camera is great, although it takes 5 seconds between each picture (pathetic), but the general way in which I was bounced around between Microsoft music pass, Nokia, xbox live, etc, all claiming they couldn't help because it really wasn't their issue.HERES THE NEWS MICROSOFT: ITS ALL YOUR ISSUE!!! You wanted a walled garden experience like apple provides? Not going to happen if you keep operating like this.  Worst possible decision I have ever made regarding a phone and a music service.  PLEASE DONT MAKE THE SAME MISTAKE I DID!!!

This is my first windows phone.  I know that windows phone has it detractors and yes it doesn't have as many apps as iPhone or Android but I happen to not need a bunch of apps. 90% of what I need the windows phone has.  I find the user interface convenient and easy to set up.  The music app I have found initially difficult to work with, not in adding music but in setting up and editing playlists.  I found the camera to be exceptional. It takes great pictures and videos.  I am just a point and shoot guy so if you are the same you will be very happy with this phone.  I like the fact that I have all three (phone, camera and camcorder) in one.  Also the voice recognition works great.  I was pleasantly surprised how accurately it was.  It is a little big in my pocket but not uncomfortable.  Over-all I would recommend this phone.

...same as my review for the white version of the Lumia 1020. My wife preferred white. I'm a bit more conservative.

I love this phone. It is actually lighter then it's predecessor. Plus this high def camera comes in handy when I am doing a photo shoot or at a comic book convention and I need to do a makeup test. I also really like the Nokia editing software that comes with my phone. It is like having a mini version of Photoshop. Now I am also a gamer and I have it synced up to my Xbox360 and Xbox One with smart glass so I get more out of my games. I must confess I am a bit of an achievement whore. Honestly... you will not be able to find a more solid phone with great camera and all day battery life. This phone beats out my old Blackberries and my previous Samsung Galaxy Note. My friend's with iPhones are jealous.

Picked up the phone today replacing my already awesome (and still on contract) Lumia 920. It was unintentional purchase. Emotional purchase. Must have done purchases. Yeah one of those...What got me? I went into the store and played with the camera (obviously), taking multiple shots and videos. Comparing both side by side to my 920. WOW. Optical zoom for both pictures and video. Color saturation that is so rich. Details that boggle the mind. I'm done. Take my money. Next customer.Now I wait for Microsoft to step up to the plate and deliver on WP8.1. Soon right, Microsoft!?

Fits like a glove only covers the metal plate on the back of phone for wireless charging but it still charges even though its covered. Otherwise it does what its intended for which is protect the phone but more importantly the camera.

Amazing photos, but there are so many settings that you won't be utilizing it to it's fullest potential unless you understand how to use the settings. The phone includes a tutorial explaining how to use each feature, so the this helps. The photos don't snap instantly though, but that's the tradeoff, quality over speed. The phone is snappy, and for a business phone it's much better than an iOS device. I own an iOS device for business and prior to being given this iphone for business I used the Nokia Lumia 1020; the 1020 is much better than iOS. The intranet address book is synced with the phone, so I can view every contact card in the company without flooding my address book with these contact cards. My calendar syncs with the exchange calendar, and I can forward the meetings, even if I don't create them, which is a simple feature that I can't do on iOS. With 8.1, Cortana is superior to siri. It's much more accurate and function. I can say things like, &#34;Remind me to take out the trash when I get home&#34;, &#34;Remind me to buy milk when I get to the Food Lion&#34;, &#34;Remind me to tell my wife I love her&#34; (will popup with a reminder when you try to contact her or vice-versa), ... It's functional for searching the net as well, which siri isn't. The swipe texting feature is amazing; it's going to be the new standard for texting, since it's much faster; texting on an iphone is a real pita (pain in the a$%).

Moved over from Android to Windows because I am an active MSFT user from both a social and business stand point. The installed apps looked appealing to make the switch. So far, I am not impressed by the phone or  Nokia support. The settings switch back to default quite often and the screen gets very sluggish. We also have an echo problem which we partially fixed by reducing the volume on the phone to the point of needing a hearing aid.  The camera works great, but I need a phone too. Nokia also has a promotion on Apps($20) if you buy a new phone, but so far after 3 weeks on the phone to customer service I have not been able to get the credit to my account. Really bad customer service. I REALLY wanted to love this phone but I honestly cannot at this point. I purchased two 1020's  for both my wife and me and we are both a bit disillusioned by the operating system, the phone and Nokia customer service.

My 1020 right out the box cannot record sound when recording video and the speakerphone doesn't work. The phone is slow..apps have limited functionality compared to their Apple and Android countetparts. APP selection is really poor. Most of the apps in the windows store are just horrible. Games usually end up freezing the phone or the game just exits by itself. the internet browser can barely display websites correctly ...correction cannot display websites correctly and cant play flash. Browings pics and videos is a huge pain and doesnt work right. That being said the camera is amazing. It takes pics that are ridiculously good for a camera phone. In fact it's so good I've decided to look past EVERYTHING else and enjoy the amazing video and photos....that and I have a Note 3 I use as my primary phone. Don't get this if you browse the Web a lot or play games....it's terrible for that.

All I want to say is that this phone is the best out there. It deserves five stars so I  rated it five stars. Enough said.

I copied a comment from Nokia chat room. I researched because I'm having the same problem with my Nokia 1020. I am very disappointed with this bug because I had such high expectations with all aspects of the camera features. Now I have to return this phone and get my money back! This bug is inexcusable."According to the specs, the Lumia 1020 should be able to auto-focus as close as 15 centimeters, not 15 inches. That said, I'm seeing the same problem as noted in this post. Typically, if my subject is between 15cm and 25cm away and I hold down the shutter half-way to focus, or touch the screen on a focus point, the focusing system temporarily focuses, but then immediately "pops back" out of focus.SOMETIMES I can focus up to 15cm, but it's not consistent and so I've been finding it difficult to get macro shots in general with the phone. I realize that the zoom in capability of the "pro" image minimizes this problem, but I just keep running into it. Now I know others are too. Either there is a batch of defective phones and we both got one, OR this is normal behavior for all of them."

The longer I have it the more I love it .. very fast internet access..There's plenty of Apps for my taste..(changed from iphone)

I have just upgraded to the Lumia 1020. My main objective was getting a better camera since I rarely have my DSLR with me when I need it. The 1020 had a lot of hype and buzz about its camera and it did not disappoint. Images were indeed very crisp and well lit both indoors and outdoors. I haven't used any of the advanced photography features yet, but I do my own post-processing anyway and so far the raw data I'm getting is incredible.The main drawback is that it does not come with wireless charging by default, but I guess having the wireless charging cover available makes up for that and caters for those that prioritize phone weight over convenience. I'd rather they have it both light AND be wirelessly charged without compromising.Of course, for Windows Phone in general, but not this device in particular, there are still many apps lacking from the market place, but the situation has been improving quickly lately and a few of my key apps (and their alternatives) are much better on the OS than they were on my iPhone (which I love as well).Full disclosure: I work for Microsoft, but my work has nothing to do with the Windows Phone and I didn't get an incentive to write or buy this phone. This is solely my own experience.

There is nothing much to say about it. I've been using NOKIA for years, this one is the worst and the most unstable one I've ever had. Great camera, but if the machine doesn't work, what's the point to have a great camera.So, here's what happened: About 3 weeks from the date it was delivered, the phone died for the first time, and I can't even power it off to restart it. So, I waited for a day to let it run out of power to shut down, and I finally &#34;fixed&#34; it after recharging. I thought it was bad luck. It's not. After the first time, the phone died for at least 2 other times. And about less than 3 months from the date of delivery, it died completely. I can't reboot it, it just died like a rock, besides it has a great-looking camera. Now, I have to return it to NOKIA to get a replacement or whatever was needed.I am disappointed. It's not the same NOKIA in my memory.

I fee (I can't even type this review because W8 software doesn't work.)l sorry for Nokia that I l Cant hear callers and edge of phone cuts your ear. So sorry I left Appleoved in early 2000s. Buttons on side of phone where you grab. The sides ate curved and feels good but can't hold it. Apple square sides much much better. How this review typed in this window is how this phone works. W8 is the double killer. This is another Zune.Edited:You can't read the review because the window and cursor and syntax wouldn't work. I am typing from my tower and this works great.  The cursor disappears and then jumps around and you can't reassign its location. The wrapping was buggy. I've seen this on more than just Amazon.  The silicone infused plastic does feel good upon placing in your and but like a bar of soap feels good it easily squirts from your hand when trying to hold the soap bar like a camera.  This is prone to dropping unlike my 4S which is more square edged giving more grip.  All may be going this way though.Also the TWC app 'by Nokia' preinstalled doesn't work and you have to go and download the one by TWC and uninstall theirs.  They have no back and forward buttons for the internet browser.  They did put a back button on phone that is a last action that I always thought my iPhone was missing however they did not include either for internet.  If you do a non internet action it seems you can't go backwards on the browser anymore.  Also worse than IE for PC, when using the back button it gets jerried up and you can't go back to your Google search.  It takes you back to the empty search skipping your typed in search after hitting the back button multiple fast times in order to override its staying power.  This even happens when using the built in search so you have to constantly retype your search.  The camera does seem very good but it appears it was a camera first.  The speaker is placed on the extreme top edge so in order to hear clearly you have to place the speaker precisely over you ear canal putting the sharp edge uncomfortably digging into a bad spot on the ear.  I have used Microsoft products since early 90s and never touched apple until the 4S.  Their phone is refined just like their software.  I only went to this phone because of Xbox One and will suffer the other dislikes.  It's too bad they couldn't even put one of the buttons on the end.  These buttons are the easily and accidentally and inadvertently kind to press unlike Apples where there is enough resistance that nothing happens unless you mean it unlike the loose plastically kind.  I will grow to accept it and not hate it.  Only the ear dig will it be something that I think I may never accept in what is supposed to be a phone first.They are not lying when they say top apps aren't available.  Don't think for second you'll have a useable Yahoo Fantasy app.  The one for Apple is beautiful.  The ones for this look like something from the 90s and HTML text looking.  I'm not even impressed with the color layer graphics of the W8 tiles or their deeper page graphics.  Unlike Apples 3D which were awesome and even their new flat graphics for IOS7 unfortunately whip these hands down.  Steve Jobs said in the computer biz some people can only copy but some can steal.  Some of the W8 wouldn't qualify for copying.  I upped the stars to 2 because I still love thinking back to my early Nokias

Great screen and camera.  I like the Win8 User interface. Plenty of good apps.  Good battery life, watch out for background apps though

This phone has camera focus issues (google serach blurry photos nokia lumia 1020). My wife and I bought this phone for its camera, and the vast majority of photos is takes are of poor quality.  We will not be buying another Nokia phone again.

I didn't buy the phone for the camera, but I must say I am impressed with the picture quality for a phone.  I'm a developer and bought this to have a phone to test with.  I can see why Windows phone 8 gets some flack about features and applications.  There are some very simple things, like grouping e-mail account icons, that it doesn't do well.  I also see that many of the available apps are inferior to their counterparts on other Operating Systems.  The platform definitely needs to gain some maturity.  Microsoft needs to listen to start listening to their users and also really compare themselves side-by-side to see what's missing.That being said the OS navigation is smooth and I haven't encountered many errors.  It does many things well.

The old Nokia's were fantastic pieces of reliable hardware. Then came the smartphones where in my opinion Nokia had complicated software. That's when I switched to high-end Android phones and tablets.Last week I received my Nokia Lumia 1020. Windows 8 for phones surprised me by its simplicity, speed and reliability. Yes, there are still a few apps missing in the store, but this is being solved - in the meantime there is so much to enjoy and appreciate about this cellphone: The best GPS system with world-wide maps, free and operating off-line. An incredible camera. Must see to believe.I travel a lot, internationally. I have found a new companion!

This is an amazing phone! the camera is amazing and is better than my DSLR. Windows Phone 8 is a great operating system that allows you to customize almost everything and the ability to side load files.

Had the iPhone 5S and when I switched to AT&T; I really wanted this device because of the camera.  Not disappointed at all!  This is a great device. The photos I take on this rival my Sony Cybershot HX-300!  Color and detail is spectacular and for those photographers who want a more professional experience, shutter speed, focus, sensitivity, brightness and White balance can all be manually adjusted.The Operating System seemed like it may take a bit to get used to but it didn't at all and the OS runs smoothly and quickly.  Loving the customization and being able to change the theme colors to suit my mood.There are a few apps I miss from my iPhone but when the Lumia beats the iPhone in so many areas, the apps lose their importance.

This is my second Nokia phone, but I am loving the Lumia 1020. I am especially in love with the camera.

My wife already had a Windows Phone, and so I knew I'd like the operating system on this phone. but the real hope was to find a phone that would shoot digital photos that would stand the test of time.Now that we've got it in hand (just $30 as an upgrade on my AT&T; contract) I can vouch for the fact that the camera is as good, if not better than I had hoped. Initially, photos had been a bit yellow, but the recent &#34;software update&#34; (GDR3) has corrected that. Photos are far better than those I've snapped with other smartphones, and the ability to zoom in significantly and reframe a photo allows you to create well framed images from photos that may have been initially bland. And since the phone has an option to save both a low-res and high-res version of each photo you take, I've got photos that are finer in quality than what I take on my Canon PowerShot Elph 300 12.1 megapixel camera. The camera doesn't perform as well as a point-and-shoot when it comes to photos with a lot of motion, such as capturing our kids or dog, but night and daytime photos are excellent.  Of course the zoom on the phone's lens doesn't compare to a purpose built camera, though the majority of my normal photos come out nicer. Video and audio recording is in excellent HD. All this adds up to an explanation of why we're selling our point and shoot.Otherwise, the operating system is snappy. It connects well to my email accounts, and superbly to my skydive files. Indeed, the Windows Phone app store has fewer apps than Apple's App Store and Google Play, but I've found all the &#34;daily driver&#34; apps I've wanted with the exception of a first-party DropBox app. The AMOLED screen is crisp and clear. The battery lasts me for about a day and half. The phone is lightweight and fits well in my jean pockets.I'm highly pleased with this phone, and would absolutely recommend it.

Since I a not the primary user, you can take my opinion with a grain of salt- but since the primary user isn't computer/internet savvy enough to have their own mobile phone plan or amazon account and is over the age of 60, you should know that this phone has changed how he does things.The large bright screen has been very easy to use and the Windows interface is something he actually seems to really enjoy. The biggest seller on this phone for us was the camera and it certainly hasn't disappointed. The phone's primary user is a photographer by trade and is constantly texting and calling me to tell me about the great shots he captured using his &#34;fancy new camera&#34;. This phone has fulfilled his primary wish of a great compact on-the-fly camera, but has the added bonus of making him more comfortable with texting and using technology every day. The voice search seems to be a particular favorite. He now uses his phone for directions, calendars, watching videos and social media, and of course tons and tons and tons of pictures. It makes him happy, and in my book, that's worth more than anything in the world.

Like all the other reviews mentioned before, the camera is what makes this phone! If you have a Windows 8 phone you already know what to expect in terms of the OS. Other than that it is a great phone for newest price drop of 59.99 (2yr Contract) amounting to a final price of $105. If anything would bother you about this phone it would probably be that it's a bit awkward to handle because of the protruding camera. All in all though a lovely phone that I am proud to own.

Item arrived on time and in good condition.This is one heck of a phone. Nokia does the business in terms of hardware design.The OS is a let down in terms of design, functionality and graphics but the camera cannot be beaten.I would recommend the phone and AT&T; as seller.

I got this Christmas and I was immediately impressed with the Camera. It takes really good pictures.One of the most amazing feature of this phone is probably its screen. Even at medium brightness, the screen is still so clear under strong sunshine while in comparison other phones look like completely black.Also the screen is sensitive enough to be used with regular gloves, so there is no need to buy expensive special gloves.On the other features I really like, Glance and the free worldwide GPS are pretty useful! The rest of the OS is pretty smooth and the live tiles make use of the real estate to give useful information such as real time traffic or the latest news.Overall I'm very satisfied with this phone.

Bought it for 249.00 the following week it  was 149.00..... After complaining about the price change Amazons wrote me and offered to refund the 100 dollar difference. That was great.....I don't know why there was such a big drop in price........but that is fortunate for people wanting this phone. Absolutely the best phone I've used to date. I commend Amazon for their graciousness. Thank You.

On my recent trip to Hawaii, photographers with SLR cameras were jealous of photos taken by this phone. We visited the Haleakala crater where I used this camera to shoot the rising sun (we reached at 3 in the morning).  The Haleakala crater is at 10,500 feet. At that height, you are above the clouds so its a really neat sight to see the sun rising through the clouds. However, to photograph the same is extremely challenging because on one hand you have the extremely bright sun and on the other hand you have the dark clouds and to capture the moment, you need to get both.There were many people who had Canon and Nikon entry SLRs (and countless point and shoot). The photos I shot were better than the photos they shot. Here are some samples:http://sdrv.ms/1dKJRqthttp://sdrv.ms/17Blza8Does it mean that it is better than an entry level SLR? probably not.Yet, the camera is so versatile and easy to use (the Nokia app, I mean) that the average person is likely to take much better photographs with this phone than with an entry level SLR.

This phone is a really amazing purchase. I love everything about it! I managed to unlock it for five dollars and now i can use it on any operator in the world.The screen is the only thing that is not perfect. Because of the type of matrix it uses I can see some pixels which was not the case on my lumia 920. Nokia should have used the same spdisplay on the 1020 as well. But I think this is only a problem because i compare the display to the 920's.The battery life is better than the lumia 920 which is really cool. I get about two days of battery on a single charge.No need to comment the camera. The 920 is almost as good as the 1020 but this one is really spectacular. The daylight shots are as good as if they were made with a real camera. I love every aspect of it. The camera apps are also really good. I have only one issue - it should be easier to switch between the pro cam and the smart cam.Windows runs very smooth. I will not comment it any further.His phone is a great accesoary to own. I recommend it to everybody!

Let it be clear:  the camera in this phone rocks.  As a photographer, it's the sole reason I picked this phone.  It allowed me to combine carrying a point-and-shoot, AND a smartphone (with a plain lousy camera).  The quality of the photos from this phone surpass my Pentax Optio S12 that I used to carry around in an Altoids case.  I love it for that reason.But that's about the end of the photogrpher's benefits.  Keep in mind as you read this that my last phone was a 3-yr old Android, that was FREE back THEN (i.e. I wasn't using anything great).  The 1020 has DEPLORABLE photo management capability.  Yeah, there's plenty of ability to edit photos on the phone.  But catch this...you can't move pictures between albums without a USB connection to a computer.  You can't sort them in anyway other than picture-taken date (from EXIF data).  You can't create new albums without a computer.  You can't rename pictures without your computer.  All features that my Android did with ease.  I'm not sure if there is an album access restriction on the app developers, or if no one has bothered to create an app to complete these seemingly routine steps.  Regardless, I think Microsoft/Nokia needs to consider the needs of photographers past just the camera aspect of this phone.As is likely no shock to anyone reading this, the app selection is severly limited at this time, although (aside from photo organizing) I have been able to find equavalent apps for most of what I need to do with my phone.  So keep that in mind if you're coming from an Android or iPhone...might want to check the Windows Phone app store first.I am pleased with the sound quality, screen quality, and processor speed.  What the 1020 does do, it does it well.  Live tiles are great, but I'm not too pleased with the fact that they're all on one big, vertical, scrolling screen.  I used to like separating apps by type on different side-by-side screens on my Android.Other things I miss from my Android:  Assigning speed-dial to the numbers on the dial keypad.  Applying a unique ringtone to many contacts at once (had to go through my whole contact list and pick the same ring tone each time).  The ability to create a live tile that will instantly dial a contact.  The ability to create a live tile that will directly toggle wi-fi, airplane mode, blue-tooth, etc (a shortcut tile will only take you to the section in the settings area to turn these features on/off).  Having more choices for calender reminder times (it jumps from a 1-hr reminder, to an 18-hr reminder!)  Holding down a letter key on a keypad to get numbers or special characters (a separate keyboard toggle is required for the 1020).  Having a contact picture next to text messages (helped avoid embarrassing messages being sent to the wrong person...oops!)My 3-star rating can be broken up as:  5-stars for the camera, 1-star for file/photo management, and 3-stars for the rest of the phone.

This is simply the best phone currently on the market, the photo sare amazing I love it and use it everyday, the texting is better than my galaxy note 2. Low light shooting is amazing with or without flash.I have not been this happy with a phone since the Nokia n95, after the N95 I bought the 3g iphone had a few of them and just 3 weeks ago made the leap of faith that the Nokia Lumia was worth leaving apple, and it is i love it the screen is amazing in bright sun. the photo quality is amazing and battery life is excellent with the battery grip tnhat makes shooting the phone feel like a real phone. get the grip you will love the extended battery life and it will help you take better pictures. you can see many of my pictures on my Facebook Belmar Beach page I post them everyday. Love this phone, and the Nokia Camera Grip for Nokia Lumia 1020 (White, PD-95G) gives you added battery life its like a custom mophie.

didn't come with sim card. unusable without it. will not be buying another. had to pay for a free sim card

The Camera rocks, but the rest of the phone and apps for this phone are VERY lacking...going to go back to my iPhone ASAP.

Many have written on the pros / cons of the phone. Upgrading from an 808 Pureview has meant rethinking how I interact with the phone. Nokia Suite no longer works so synching calendar is not obvious (it took some investigation to figure out how to do so); copying photos, contacts, SMSs is clearer (a phone app for that) though one cannot select the photos to transfer (of the 700-800 on my 808). One obviously needs to find new apps. Some apps were hard to find (Fr/En dictionary) were harder but also a bit more (newer?) apps seem available for WP8 vs Symbian. The quality of the phone as a phone and the photos are great.BE WARNED that buying the phone without a contract does NOT equal buying an unlocked phone. These AT&T; phones are locked to AT&T.; One can read the stories from various people on their success at getting an unlock code from AT&T.; I was told fairly clearly that one had to wait 90 days from the date of purchase before AT&T; could give out an unlock code. It seems that repeatedly calling AT&T; customer service may connect you with someone willing to give a code. Other solutions exist though one must remember recent laws regarding this practice.

I ordered this phone in August from the Microsoft Stores website. My previous phone was Nexus-S (Android) and was skeptical wile making the order. But I wanted to try out as I wanted the convenience of a great camera with the phone. I was not disappointed, in fact I like the phone a lot (way better than my previous phones). The camera is excellent and windows 8 operating system (the live tiles) is neat and unique. The phone experience is consistent, WP8 is smooth and stable. Most of the Apps I care are available in the Windows Store. So finally I am very happy to have a great phone. Now coming to customer service, I got the phone for $299. When the price of the phone dropped to $199, I called the Microsoft Store Customer Service to check if they can do a price match. After making about 14 calls and 1 chat with the customer service and spending several hours I am sorry to say that I did not get any help (the CS was completely clueless, they could not even answer if I am eligible for the price match nor connect me to Supervisor). So I wasted several hours for nothing which I never expected from Microsoft Stores. They would connect me from one person to other and no one wants to really answer or help. I want to give this feedback about customer service so Microsoft can fix it and also as heads up.

over priced

I really love the phone. I was just a little disappointed it didn't come with a manual. I'm still learning it but its totally awesome. A great buy for me.

So far I am really impressed with this phone. The only downside is there aren't many apps. I'm coming from an iphone so I'm used to there being an app for everything. I knew there wouldn't be many when I got this phone, but I miss some of my apps. My favorite grocery store and a few games. I know that the apps will be coming in the future but sometimes it's hard to wait. Developers, lets see you get cracking on some windows phone apps! In the meantime I just have to go to the website :-).Great pictures, great functionality, wonderful features! I love the one where I can hold up my phone with a map of my current area and it shows me what's nearby as I scan the area. So cool!

So far it has been an awesome phone, no complaints.

This is my 4th Lumia phone after 900 and 920 and 520. I bought 920 a developer edition for 1000 bugs but sold in 3 months as it felt heavy. I have owned all models of iphone, Htc One etc. But the beauty of lumia 1020 is not comparable. I bought it at full price from at&t; and got it unlocked by them.Things I love:1 Obviously Camera. The whole idea of not carrying another camera for most daily shooting was my prime motto in buying this phone. I had HTC One and iphones but they are not comparable to this phones Cam.2 Screen: Though it is smaller than HTC One, I don't miss HTC One. The white on black background is what I missed in all other phones. Emails looks so good that I got never satisfied with other phones.3 Speakers: Much Much better then HTC One. Every one praised htc one's dual speakers. But I owned it and I never felt htc one speakers were adequate. But my lumia 1020 easily overtakes htc one. Moreover the quality of sound is very very good. You can easily hear different notes in the music.3 Form factor: !020 is much smaller and lighter then lumia 920. First feel of lumia 920 was heavy and thicker then comparators. But I was still happy with it. But 1020 is an improved one. I don't think much changed except making wireless charging external and reducing the weight.4 lanyard: This may not be big thing for others, but for me it is. It is much easier to wrist strap and don't worry to slip phone. Also I keep it out of pocket and easily pull it out. All old phones used to have this but in Smartphone I don't remember any other maker used it.5 Wireless charging: Though external, but still has the wireless charging feature. So easy to charge in office. Don't need to look for cables . Just place it on the wireless charger and you have full charge when u need it.6 YouTube: I believe YouTube video downloads only available in windows phone. I couldn't found in iphone or HTC. There were workarounds but not anything native. It is so much easier to download YouTube movie and watch it in gym in just 5-10 minutes. I love this app.7 Build quality: As per nokia the body of lumia is made of plastic which is throughout one color. I mean if you make a scratch on it, you can rub or remove that layer and original color will pop out. This is unlike coloring done on iphone.8 Apps: Though there are fewer apps then ios and android, I don't miss any specific apps. I had iphone for 4 years and android for a year but still I don't miss any app. Moreover apps on lumia looks much beautiful then others. Also they are more stable then android. May be fans won't agree but it's my opinion. Even I was fan of iphone until steve's demise. After Steve there is no innovation at all.9 Interface: Windows interface is so simple and easy to learn. OLED screen really makes difference. White fonts on black screen really pops out.10 Battery: If you are careful, you can easily get whole day battery life. If you want more then you can turn on battery saver. Battery saver easily doubles battery life. On my lumia 520 it runs almost 5-6 days. However I rarely use lumia 520. but still being 4g LTE, I expect it o run down within 3 days.11 Call quality is good.Things I hate:1 Though phone by itself not heavy, but adding external wireless cover make sit heavy. I can still live with it, but it would have been better if we got wireless charging with same form factor.2 When online music is played through lumia speakers, I noticed that other web browsing like Microsoft store app browsing becomes very slow. I have very high speed internet and I don't think playing music will slow down other browsing. I never had this issue with other phones.3 Though it has 2 Gb ram, it felt some time its getting slow. Response is slow some times. If I close all apps by clicking back button, phone responds normal. So I guess hardware is lagging somewhere.4 Speakers: Though it is awesome for music, it is not enough for phone calls. There must be something restricting it from being loud. May be because of echo they reduced volume on calls. Volume on call could be better.5 Bluetooth profile selection is missing. I want to connect to 2 bluetooth devices same time. One for voice only and other for music only. But there is no way I can configure that in phone.Going forward I will update this review according to my experience with it. So far I whole heartedly recommend this phone despite the flaws.Update: After using for a while i found the ear piece volume is not enough for slightly noisy places. I prefer the sound to be 30% more then what it is. I believe this is definitely firmware as the speaker also produces very less volume during call and loud enough for music.

cant get any better the camera is awesome. the phone works great. I purchased it with no contract took it in and had it put on a pre paid service. Love the Windows OS and the ability to play my X-Box arcade games. Easy to use. I talk, play games, use the internet fairly often and my phone lasts a full day and half. when I use the GPS it knocks the battery a little but not like my android. Love not having to limit my phone usage because of my battery life.

First off, let me say. This phone is amazing. It's lightning quick, never hangs on any tasks and consistently gets the best benchmark when I test it on any of the benchmarking apps available on the marketplace. Oh yea, and the camera is otherworldly, I will never need to bring my point and shoot camera with me again...Now, let's get to the review.I picked this phone up for $299 at an AT&T; store after Amazon had problems processing my order. Almost as soon as I walked out the door I had regrets (let me explain). Windows Phone 8 is amazing, it's so smooth, capable and polished; it really is the best mobile OS, that being said. If you've had a Windows Phone 7.8+ device before then WP8 on the Lumia 1020 just feels stale, not unlike any other OS at this point, the difference between the 1020 and the other devices is the price tag. $299 is just too expensive for me to recommend this phone to people who already have a high-end WP 7.8 or WP 8 device, aside from the camera there really is nothing different...Windows Phone 8 PerformanceAll that being said, if you don't currently have a WP 7.8 or WP 8 device, by all means go for the 1020, it's a wonderful device and Windows Phone 8 will make you smile at every turn, the Lumia 1020 has a whopping 2GB of ram, easily 4 times more than the ultra-efficient Windows Phone 8 needs to operate, this means that there really isn't any task the 1020 can't handle, and background tasks won't weigh you down. Like the 920, 928, and 925, the Lumia 1020 has a 1500mhz Dual Core processor which is more than enough to run Windows Phone 8, you won't get the satisfaction of saying "I've got a quad-core" like some of the android phone owners, but when they go head to head I have no doubt in my mind the 1020 will be faster than any android device you pit it against. The beauty lies in the software; Windows Phone is slim and professional, while most Android offerings are bloated and laggy...Build QualityThe build construction of my Lumia 1020 is exactly what you'd expect from a high-end Nokia device, top of the line, solid construction. Although my 1020 will wear a protective case for its entire life I have little doubt that this phone could withstand a few unprotected drops and suffer only a few scratches on the case, Gorilla Glass 3 gives you that added piece of mind that your screen isn't going to crack after one drop.Pictures/Videos"Second to none" is the phrase I would use to describe the Lumia 1020's camera. Nothing else even comes close (including my Sony Cyber shot), night time pictures without a flash, though still worse than what your eyes can see (obviously) are the best I've seen on any phone, or point-and-shoot camera. If you somehow have a tripod for this phone you can have it leave the shutter open for up to 4 seconds, giving you extremely bright night time pictures (and blurry if your subject is moving). The delayed shutter function does allow you to set the phone down after telling it to take a picture so you can minimize movement while taking a night time picture.Video on the Lumia 1020 is spectacular as well, smooth HD capture and clear audio recording are high points of any phone, and like the 928, the Lumia 1020 dons multiple microphones to make audio recording in hectic environments possible.On top of the physical pleasantries of the 1020's camera, there are a plethora of apps that make use of the camera. My favorites so far are Photosynth (lets you capture a spherical image around you) and Fresh Paint (think "Take on Me"). Instagram or not, there is certainly no shortage of cool apps you can use with the 1020's awesome camera.Storage SpaceLike the other unibody Lumias before it, the 1020 has no way of accessing its battery compartment, and no way of adding a micro SD card. What you see is what you get (actually it's about 5GB less than what you see); with no apps installed the Lumia 1020 will have a maximum of 27 GB of free space. 3 GB lost to formatting, 2 GB lost to the OS. In a battle of fortune, the 1020s full res pictures are almost 10MB a piece, that's great because you really are getting full quality pictures but not so great because you will eat into that chunk of free space alarmingly quickly if you take a moderate amount of pictures. When you add apps, music, and videos into the mix, that free space gets even smaller. To combat this, AT&T; is offering a free upgrade to their 50gb of cloud storage through AT&T; locker (limited time offer they say), and as always SkyDrive offers 7gb of free cloud storage (I'm still on the 25gb free they gave me for being an early WP user). Even with those two free cloud storage options I long for expandable memory. If I could, I would throw in a 64 GB MicroSD and carry around tons of music and videos. Cloud storage, is not the answer to phone storage in my opinion...Battery LifeA key question people seem to ask me all the time is what kind of battery life they should expect. The Lumia 1020 is on par with any other modern smart phone out there. It has a large 2000mAh battery and lasts me an entire day using it for email, web browsing, the occasional game and of course picture taking. If you do data heavy tasks or talk on the phone a lot you can expect your phone (any phone) to run out of juice much faster. Comparing the battery life of my 1020 to my 900, I'll say that my 1.5 year old 900 still gets better battery life than the 1020, but I hear that Xenon flashes use a lot of juice.PriceLike I said, the Lumia 1020 is expensive, currently ranging from $266 on Amazon to $299 at the AT&T; store. The Microsoft Store also sells the Lumia 1020 for $299 but includes the camera grip free of charge. I mean, sure it's a free grip, but I can't see anyone using it on a daily basis or ever taking it with them, it's huge...The only way I have been able to justify spending $299 on the Lumia 1020 coming off the Lumia 900 is by realizing that this will replace my point-and-shoot camera, so if you think of it as paying $150 for a good camera and $150 for a great phone it feels a little better.IssuesI have to disclose the fact that I am on my second Lumia 1020. The first handset I got was plagued with a few issues. The phone had reception issues and would drop calls when I was standing still in places my Lumia 900 had full LTE coverage and call quality was genuinely poor, on top of the signal problems that first 1020 had issues where Bluetooth would disconnect every 5 minutes or so. My phone says it has the Amber update which is supposed to mean BT 4.0, so I originally chalked the BT problems up to that, but my new handset has none of these problems (and does have the Amber update). AT&T; swapped out both the handset and my SIM card to cover all the bases on the reception issues. My new handset has yet to drop a call and seems to get a much more solid connection; call quality is still nothing ground-breaking however.There are a couple minor issues that both my handsets share.The first issue is that when looking at the phone in a completely dark room with brightness on auto, I noticed what appear to be streaks or irregularities in the black back ground of the screen. Both 1020 handsets had this problem and although you can't see them with any external light on, or the brightness turned up, it makes me wonder what those irregularities are, and if they will be a problem further down the road.The other issue that both handsets I've had share, is that the loud speaker on the phone is quiet, disappointingly quiet. There is really no comparison between the 1020 and the Lumia 900 when it comes to loudness of the speaker, the 900 takes the cake...ConclusionThe Nokia Lumia 1020 is a great phone, easily worth 5 stars. If you don't currently have a Windows Phone 8 or 7.8 device and you want to take amazing pictures, by all means go out and get this phone. It will be 100% worth its expensive price tag. However; if you do have a Windows Phone 8 or 7.8 Lumia I would seriously think about how much you value picture/video taking. Aside from the camera the only measurable difference between this device and even my Lumia 900 are the few WP8 exclusive apps and .2 inches of diagonal screen width. I haven't noticed any real improvement in performance over my 900. If you currently have the Lumia 920, the ONLY differences between it and the 1020 are the camera, and the fact that the 1020 doesn't have built in wireless charging, it really wouldn't be worth upgrading from the 920 to the 1020 unless you are a true camera nut in my opinion.Perhaps what the Lumia 1020 has shown me most so far, is just how amazing my Lumia 900 was/is; dated camera aside, that 900 can still go toe to toe with the 920 or 1020 on most tasks with ease. In addition to the best cellphone camera ever, the 1020 does offer something the Lumia 900 never will, future proofing.

This is the best phone available at what is most important for most people.  Primarily, most of us use our phone to connect with our friends & family through email, text, phone calls and social media.  We also use our phone to take a lot of pictures, guide us around cities, stay up-to-date on current events and play games.  Now there are a lot of other &#8216;niche&#8217; uses out there (think one off apps to change your voice into a rap song) and this phone is not the best at those yet.Let me start by saying it took over 4 months to decide to make the switch from iOS to the Nokia 1020, which is my first Windows Phone.  I spent hours researching everything on the web, visited AT&T; stores and talked to friends in the cell-phone industry.  Hopefully this review will save you time and help make your decision a lot easier.USER INTERFACE:  Frankly I was bored with the Apple iOS after 5 years.  The Android system was confusing and looks like a 7th grader designed it after searching the web for web icons.  The Windows 8 UI is smooth, fast and highly addictive.  Not only can you customize the home screen with &#8216;live tiles&#8217; for applications, you can &#8216;pin&#8217; nearly anything from anywhere on your phone.  You can &#8216;pin&#8217; websites, contacts, lists of contacts, movies, music playlists, apps and a lot more.  This makes using the phone so much faster.  I also like how you can change the size of the tiles.  For example, on my mom&#8217;s phone I set it up so she only has 3 &#8216;tiles&#8217;.  They are &#8216;Call&#8217;, &#8216;text&#8217; and &#8216;weather&#8217;.  That is all she wants and that is all that is on her home screen in large, easy to read buttons.  For me, I have a lot more tiles in all kinds of shapes and sizes.PHOTOS: the Nokia 1020 is the undisputed king of Smartphones when it comes to taking high quality photos.  I spent two weeks traveling around Asia and am so thankful I had a great camera integrated with my phone.  My girlfriend has the iPhone 5 and we took 90% of the photos using my phone.  There was simply no comparison, especially anytime after dusk in low light settings.  It was also a lot of fun to play with the different lenses.  I would encourage anyone to also add Camera360 and Apict.  Apict allows you to turn all of our photos in to &#8216;Polaroids&#8217; with notes at the bottom.  Pretty cool looking and helps me remember details about each photo.STAYING IN TOUCH: of course the phone does an excellent job making calls, texting and emails.  What sets the Windows Phone apart and makes it the best is &#8220;integration&#8221;.  They have done a very nice job integrating my phone contacts with my contacts from Facebook, LinkedIn and Google.  All are automatically synched.  You can click on any contact and see &#8216;what&#8217;s new&#8217;.  This pulls updates from all the other social media channels and displays it natively on the phone without ever opening a seperate app.  It also pulls in photos from across the web for each contact.  One quick comment about sending emails.  Apple has some annoying restraints.  You can&#8217;t attach files and you can only attach up to 5 images.  After returning from my trip I sent an email to my family with about 20 images from our vacation.  With my Windows phone it was super fast and was done with one email.  With Apple it would have taken 4 separate emails.MAPS: so I was a bit fearful of not having the familiar Google Maps.  To my surprise, Nokia actually has a better mapping and navigation system.  It is actually the GPS system that powers most of Google and other mapping systems.  It is simple and you don&#8217;t have to be connected to GPS or WiFi to use it.  You can also download maps that provide you directions if you are traveling abroad (with no roaming or data charges either).Apps: On my home screen I currently have:  ESPN, LinkedIn, Facebook, Instagram, GOOD (for work email), Pandora, Bank of America, VIP access (for access to work VPN), Netflix, theCHIVE, Yelp, Flixster, NY Times, CNN, USA Today, AP, Microsoft Office and Camera360.  This is in addition to all the standard apps/shortcuts to call, text, gaming center, etc.  So far there are only a couple of apps they are missing that I would like to have.MUSIC & PODCASTS:  Music is pretty solid and has everything you would expect so I won&#8217;t spend much time there.  Everything can be sorted by artist, albums, genres, playlists, etc.  Another &#8216;fear&#8217; I had before switching was being able to access my favorite Podcasts.  I listen to a lot of Podcasts and find the Windows Podcast better integrated, easier to use and much more enjoyable.  Apple made a big mistake when they separated Podcasts in to their own app.GAMING:  I am not a big gamer at home or on my phone.  However, I have found a few games that show off the power of the Xbox integration and the graphic capabilities.  Check out &#8216;Minion Rush&#8217; and &#8216;Asphalt 8: Airborne&#8217;. Both are pretty addictive and show what is possible on the phone.  Of course they have Angry Birds, Tetris, Pacman, NBA Jam, etc.  Microsoft also just released their Solitaire collection too.  With Microsoft also owning Xbox, I have a feeling they will be successful getting all the top games added to the Windows Phone.So that is it for now.  All I can say is give it a try.  You won&#8217;t find any AT&T; employees pushing you to a Windows phone and you will probably be the first of your friends to own one.  That is okay.  You will be the &#8216;trendsetter&#8217; with the best phone on the market.

I was very excited to purchase the Nokia Lumia 1020, when upgrading I normally do not pay for phones.  I was going to be using the camera/video for deer hunting and taking pictures of family members.  I had a windows phone previously, so I was already familiar on how to use it.  The screen size was around the same size as the HTC Titan, I felt the Nokia was a little too small with having the camera features and so on.  The camera flash, zooming in and auto focus seem very different.  I tried to shut off the flash but was unsuccessful.  The first Nokia I had had special rings to choose from for your text messages, emails etc and you could block unwanted calls.The battery worked the first couple of days, but then stopped charging.  Also the phone had frozen several times and I had to contact the service dept., because I couldn't restart the phone.  I thought it was just this phone (an isolated incident).I bought another Nokia Lumia 1020, this one from an AT&T; store.  I took it home, and noticed it did not have the same features as the one I purchased from Amazon.  Twelve hours later, in the early morning I was unable to get any type of reaction from the phone.  I pushed all the buttons and plugged it into the computer but it didn't recognize it.  I called AT&T; for assistance and it took about 15 minutes to get the phone to restart.When I went to return the phone to the AT&T; store less than 24 hours later, they charged me $35.00 restocking fee for a phone that was defective.  They said it's on the box and on your receipt.  I said the store clerk puts the box in the bag and I don't see the receipt until after I pay for the phone.  I was never told about the restocking fee!!  I was so upset I asked for a phone to call AT&T; customer service.  The manager @ the Niles, OH store said I could use any phone in the store.  I walked over near the Nokia Lumia 1020, but picked up a different phone and asked, how do you get to the phone section.  She then told me to just use the phone that I am familiar with so I picked up the Nokia Lumia 1020, and tried to wake up the phone but it too was frozen!!!!!  She told me that it is frozen because it's sitting there all day every day not being used.  No other phone was frozen in the store and sometimes my phone is on for over 20 hours without being touched and it has never frozen.

I played back a 4-minute video on my 52-inch HDTV, and it both looked and sounded good.That 4 minutes consumed 600MB of memory.Given that I've got only 24GB available, what this means is that I can shoot for about 40 continuous minutes.That merits a solid 4 stars.

This is an excellent device for making calls and taking pictures. Coming from Android and iOS in the past, it was extremely frustrating to find out all the apps I am used to are not available and the ones that are available lack most of the functionality available on Android and iOS.I have a smart home and there are no apps for any of the smart home devices and there are no official banking apps (except for Bank of America and Chase) to perform mobile banking on. The web browser opens pages in plain text and links - similar to how they used to look on a blackberry. Battery is short.I returned the phone and instead purchased a HTC One and couldn't be happier!Buy this phone only if you care about pictures. Don't buy if you care about being productive on your phone.

I was skeptical to get the phone through amazon but the process worked like a charm. It was also 100 dollars less than what AT&T store or online AT&T store was charging me.  You cannot beat the price.

I absolutely love this phone.  I wish people at the AT&T store would stop trying to talk everyone out of windows phones.  If you talk everyone out of getting one, there won't be enough interest for developers to expand the app store.  Competition is good for your preferred OS. It means that your chosen OS will be forced to improve rather then just accepting what they give you.

Great camera, great OS.  In many ways the flagship device for Windows Phone.  The optical zoom and optical image stabilization are wonderful.The only major issue I see relative to other Windows Phone devices is that its predecessor, the 920, had Qi wireless charging built in, while the 1020 needs an add-on case.  This is a bit silly and a bit of a step back.

Summary:* Works perfectly fine with T-Mobile* It is a big phone, but perfectly acceptable (fits in jean pocket), if using without a protective cover* Black looks nice, has a formal look to it* Camera is great, as of fall 2013 one of the best overall, and simply the best in zoom* This does come at an expense -- gets very hot when taking pictures & using flash, and accordingly battery life is impacted significantlyI purchased this phone about two weeks ago from a Microsoft store. It came with a free camera grip, and I paid about 650 including tax. I'm generally happy with the phone. I'm using it on T-Mobile, so I had to get it unlocked for $10 through ebay (just did "Lumia 1020 unlock" search and picked a merchant that had high ratings). I received the unlock code within an hour. Apparently, I simply could have called AT&T; and since I paid the full price, and they apparently could unlock it for you. Having said that based on what I read on forums it looked like people were on hold for a long time and had to call multiple times to get the unlock code. I didn't want to deal with that. Also, I had a standard-sized T-Mobile SIM card (the phone did not come with a micro SIM card), I had to cut it to size to fit in 1020. You can search for "micro SIM template" on the web, though don't risk it if unsure. I didn't have any issues after this 'surgical procedure'.I said 'mind the hump' but I don't mind it at all. It is a big phone, but I decided not to use a protective cover, so I suppose if you take that risk, it fits comfortably in my jean pocket. I like the black color, low-key and has a weight to it. It has a formal look that I enjoy.Now the camera. It does take very good pictures. I don't have to carry my point & shoot anymore. Even zoom is very respectable, especially with 720p video. Obviously you don't get as much zoom with 5MP pictures, but most situations I don't find myself missing optical zoom. I'm not a photographer, but did not run into some of the issues discussed in forums. I'm very happy with the camera, but it should be said that it is not like it is many times better than the next best camera. It is simply a little bit better than the rest (with the exception of zoom, which is very cool). And that little bit better comes at a cost: it does get very hot when taking pictures and using the flash. You can almost watch the battery go down with each flash :- ) Mine came with the camera grip (free). On my test day I took 83 pictures throughout the day and two short videos (~2 minutes) and the camera grip battery was exhausted (1020mAh), and I was 1/3 way into the phone's battery (note that I did also use the phone for picture effects, very light surfing, and no phone calls). The phone itself has a 2000mAh battery.Talking about picture effects, Nokia has a very cool software for adding motion effects, picking the best shot, composing a multi-picture action shot, and people-erasing. It has a number of other picture editing software, and they all looked very nice, but I didn't spend much time on them.Now Window Phone 8. I've been using Windows Phone 7.5 and while WP8 is much better it, unless you are missing a specific feature, it is not a must have. It is very fluid and I enjoy the modern interface. The main issue is the lack of apps. And this is coming from a person who doesn't use apps all that much. My issue is that certain key apps are not available for WP. Nike+ FuelBand, nope, can't sync with phone. My local bank, nope, iPhone & Android only. Parrot Drone control app, nope, iPhone & Android only. The list goes on. If you don't mind that or don't need that, this is a great phone, go for it. I did :- )Updated October 14, 2013OK, I noticed minor scratches and a nick on the screen (I'm not using a screen protector). This is very upsetting, given this phone is supposed to have gorilla glass 3. I have a 2 year old HTC Radar (I think with regular gorilla glass) and AFTER two years, with NO screen protector, SAME usage, its screen is almost in pristine condition save for one minor scratch. In forums theories abound:* I messed up, should have used a screen protector (how about HTC Radar then?)* It is only the oleo phobic coating, not the screen itself (seems deeper than that, I can feel the scratches)* There are individual variations between phones even with the same gorilla glass (maybe)So I'm not sure what the cause is, but you have to baby the screen, probably more so than your previous phones. Very upsetting.

This phone meets my needs and then some. I am very impressed with the abilities that the phone phone has, as well as the ease of operation. Fhe battery life of approx, 2 1/2 days is mind boggling after me previous phone that had to visit the charger daily or shut down. I am very happy with the Nokia Lumia 1020. Once again Nokia comes through with a stellar product.

My laptop is Windows 8, my tablet is Windows 8, so I figured I might as well go 100% MS and try a Windows 8 Phone. The Lumia 1020 is one of those oddball offerings that isn't going to make a lot of sense, but is still a great phone, nonetheless. First, everyone talks about the camera, and it is really as good as they say. Plus, there are plenty of native apps for modifying, enhancing, etc. Regarding size and weight, it's about the same as my old iPhone 3G, so didn't feel like I was taking a step back. As for the &#34;camera bump&#34;, once I put a case on the phone, the bump essentially goes away.  As an iPhone convert, there's a slight learning curve to the OS, but the &#34;live tile&#34; format is so similar to Windows 8 on my PCs that I can customize and navigate with ease. Note, you have to use some cloud-based system to sync your calendar and email between your PC and phone. For example, MS Exchange, Microsoft 365, even Google all work well. There is really no native way to sync via cable, like an iPhone. Windows app store has all of the business apps I use and about 70% of the &#34;fun&#34; apps I had on my old iPhone. Battery life is average. My only gripe is a centralized notification center, but there's talk that's coming soon. A great choice if your other computers are all MS-based. Bought my wife one in white.

I used it for 1-2 weeks but did not meet any of my expectations:a) It used to get stuck multiple timesb) within 2 weeks, i had 3 instances when my outgoing calls had my sound not audible to the other sidec) user interface was not good for me

This is amazing phone there's nothing I can't do with it. I can almost replace my computer and indigo rocks!

Wonderful pictures. Apart from the resolution, really vivid colors. I've had some of the pictures printed and put up on the wall. I unlocked the phone to use on T-Mobile network. If you do this, note that you will only get LTE or 4G coverage on T-Mobile's refarmed areas. Elsewhere, you'll probably be stuck with EDGE speeds only.EDGE reception leaves a bit to be desired, sometimes only a slight change in phone position can make the difference between no bars, and full bars (!). Call quality is good though.I charge the phone overnight, and it always lasts for the whole day, which is good enough for me.Windows is easy to use, and very snappy. For my son, I set up &#34;Kid's Corner&#34;, so he can't go and install anything or make phone calls or anything like that. Found all the apps that I need.

The camera functions took a bit to adjust to (there's a built in tutorial), but this thing is as good as they say it is. This is not my first Windows Phone, so the UI was familiar. The glance screen is now my clock at night. Nicely done Nokia & Microsoft.
