
this phone dont have place for sim card to work in the Caribbean to be exact Grenada i think i will have to return it

Well I only been using the  galaxy s3 for about 3 weeks and so far its been fine, I ll start by saying this phone takes amazing videos and pictures the camera is really quick too there is no delay at all when taking  pictures, the phone it self is really quick the biggest and only downside so far about this phone is the battery life I guess u can say I am a moderate user and I have to charge it fully 1-2 times a day and when u pay close $ 400.00 for a phone it should be able to hold up at least 24 hours without charging and that's why I give it 4 stars instead of 5

This was a Christmas!!! This phone is defiantly the best on Boost mobile.First this phone does all, every day I test me phone to try to found out what can this phone won't do,

A Gift For Myself, And Love It!

Awesome, good battery life, great features', nice display , great camera got it for an unbeatable price on Amazon would recommend ..

Researched extensively before finally making the decision to purchase. Glad I chose the Galaxy. Continually meets or exceeds all expectations!

My phone works perfectly thank you because I was a little worried about buying anything online but it works better than I thought.

Great phone! It is easy to operate and packed with options and possibilities.  Battery life is decent. I really like my new phone.  Previously had a ZTE Warp.

LOVE IT!!!!! I switched from Samsung Galaxy S2 and it is a big upgrade. I love my new purchase. Delivery was fast and product was exactly what was described.

This one I have to returned, have some problems, wasn't what I expect  and also have factory defect, that's one of the reason that I returned

This phone is what I thought it would be.  My daughter had it so I wanted one; ) a little bigger than I like but no problem.

Nice phone

This phone is awesome. I'm happy boost got with it and got this phone. It is very sturdy. And all i need is right there. Thanks

Have not found any negative surprises, yet. Not too much bloatware. Nevertheless, it has a lot of features and capabilities to learn.

Screen held up numerous drops until screen finally cracked.Cool features, good hand fit, has not frozen since my purchase.

I love my phone.  Just sometime the service is not the best. But I love the features on the phone!

Great phone upgrade from an HTC Evo Design 4g.  This phone display, and hardware make it better than my old phone and work iphone 4s.  Great phone.

Best phone I have ever bought. Its expensive but well worth it if you use it all the time. Much better than Apple products. After seeing the Moto G, a few less features are worth the $170 in savings. The screen size is a little smaller, it does not have 4G, camera is a little weaker but the battery is a lot better. If I would've looked at the moto G prior to buying the S I don't think I would've bought the S3.

This is not a deal. You can a no-contract phone for under $100.00. With better features and if you don't want to use it as a phone it is a third the price of an ipod. Check out Lumia 521 or Lumia 520.

This phone is great...I love my new phone!! :-)  there is no other phone like it in the world... love it love it

I but it about three months ago and I'm very happy with my phone I had a HTC evo design it was nice but this one is better.

3 month with it and is the best cellphone from boost mobile that i`v ever have so far. . .

I'm so happy with this phone :) they send it real fast .the phone works and looks great...just like new

I love my Samsung Galaxy S III. The quality is great. I love taking pictures.  It is the perfect phone

I chose 5 stars because I got it when I was supposed to and I just love the phone! Glad that I found it for a cheaper price.

This a good phone but it do not come with a hotspot! The phone for Boost Mobile Galaxy lll don't have it but the Sprint Galaxy lll has tethering (hotspot). So does the Boost Galaxy ll & the Sprint Galaxy lVWhat is the problem?  Upgradevyour system please.....

Love these phones but my husbands stopped charging after 2 weeks so we have to charge the batteries in mine im buying more batteries and a charger just for them since they use a lot of power anyway its a cheap fix and we still love the phones

its perfect i had a htc evo design before this and it stated to slowdown on me wasnt as near as fast as the s3 i love it

Got a great deal from Amazon, works perfect and I have no complaints.

Thi phone is packed with with many features such as 4glte, large screen, and great speed.Ifanyone is looking for a practical phone at a great price, this is it. 'm l

I tried to return it within a couple weeks of having it and Boost said it was Samsung's problem and Samsung said it was Boost's problem. So here I am less than 6 months later at my wits end. I spent $300 on this phone and need to buy another one in half a year.

I love this product. I havent had no problem with it since i had it. I would recommend this product to anyone.

Great phone, extremely pleased with its performance all around.I just bought another one for my brother and he loves it as well.Apple who??!??!?

Bought it for my mom, so far she's loving it!

Best phone ever

My phone is awesome and im happy and satisfied. I would totally recommend this phone to everybody. Its fast looks nice and payments with boost Mobile are not expensive.

I love this phone. It really works great. This phone has excellent features. I purchased 2 phones one for my daughter and the other one for myself. My favorite feature is the S beam, where we can touch our phones and share apps, pictures and music. Great phone

This phone is wonderful!  I love all the features. I had to list one complaint, it would be that the battery life seems to be very short.

with this phone. I was scared to take the plunge and get a Boost phone since I've been with Metro Pcs for so long, but glad I did. The phone is awesome and started using it right away. Set up was easy....online. I was told by a rep in the store that I wouldn't be able to do it online properly..........lie. No issue. No call drops. No dead zone. Awesome phone. Quick ship.

I absolutely love this phone!!! I had heard about it from other people, and read just about all of the reviews on it..it is perfect, and surpasses all of my expectations.

It is very fast and efficient. Haven't had a problem with it at all. I love this phone right here

I absoulty love this phone. nothing more is needed to be said. im happy and glade i orderd it. it came within respectable time and i just love it.

WOW, this phone is all i expected it to be and much more. The OS and features on this phone were just what i was looking for. I upgraded from a samsung Prevail and wonder why i waited so long. Some people complain about battery life but for me i charge every other day with normal use.

The phone is like new. I am using it to write this review! I would refer anyone who is looking to this buyer.

The best phone on boost mobile . The bad it's does not have a SIM card, like the Verizon gs3.

I just got my new Samsung Galaxy III. I love the way it looks. But guess what. My daughter tries to activate my new phone and Boost tell us it is stolen. Now what is up with that. Now we are in the waiting stage. My daughter got hers at the same time. They both came in the same shipping box. We both opened our phone from a sealed boost box. Now how can it be stolen. We have got our last two phones from Amazon. Never had this problem. Boost needs to get their head in the right place. I will let everyone know what happens. They are suppose to call us back. We will see!

I've had the phone for about a week and love it! It's larger than my previous samsung phone which is great because I use it for videos and pictures a lot.

Love the Samsung 3. So far it works great and I have had no issues.  Love the many covers available for it. Totally worth money.

I should have went with the Iphone like I originally planned. So after months of researching phones, I went with the Galaxy because I really liked the great features. I considered the Iphone because I have several Ipads and would like that have them synced, but the features of the Galaxy won out. Boy am I kicking myself for that now. I bought the phone in June 2013. It was wonderful. I immediately placed the phone in an armor case. The body is still in perfect condition, however the phone is basically a paperweight at this point. The charger port is loose. But that's nothing compared the insane battery drain. It all started when I updated my phone. At first it wouldn't connect to 3g/4g. I figured that out, but then it started with the battery drain. I would charge my phone to 100%, the moment I removed the charger the battery would immediately drain and &#34;low battery&#34; warning would pop up. I do not have a landline...this is my only phone. So in order to maintain some battery, I have to keep it plugged in at all times just in case I have an important call. In the last couple of weeks a new battery issue....it fluctuates. I will charge phone to 100%. It drains the moment I take it off the charger, but then the percentage will go up and down drastically throughout the day. Eventually the phone gives up and just dies....and it takes forever to charge it. Last night it was dead when I placed it on the charger. It charged all night and this morning it was on 14%. Because of my initial positive experience with this phone, I went and purchased three galaxy tablets for my sons for Christmas. One broke two months after purchase. Another is barely operable right now. And the other won't charge past yellow. I am VERY disappointed with this company. From the reviews I've read online, and the android help forums...looks like I'm not alone. I bought this phone outright for $400 less than 13 months ago. I can not afford to buy another phone. I will attempt to have this issue resolved through customer service, but in the meantime, I'll start saving for an Iphone.

best phone i have ever used . does amazing things . would recommend this to everyone. as the old saying goes &#34;try it ,you'll like it&#34;

I love the phone so much! Thank you. This is the best purchase that I think I brought so far..

The way many people spoke about this phone, I thought it would be the best choice at that moment in time.  My phone had been\stolen & I needed one immediately, I  searched the stores for their pricing of it & then checked Amazon's.  Got it at a better price,but the Galaxy SIII tends to heat up rather quickly which is why I am now forced into purchasing another phone. I wish someone could have told me this before I bought it  It also tends to freeze up every now & then & I don't even have many apps on my phone.

Have always had Samsung phones and never any major problems with them so this just follows that same vein of product confidance! Great phone!

I have phone  now about 4 months it takes FOREVER to charge it doesn't matter which charger I use. I had had it only a few months and when I tried to use the video camcorder it froze and stopped working during my grandsons school concert it has done this again then I couldn't even use the camera either I had to power off the phone n restart to get it to work again. I will never buy a phone again from amazon guess I have no warranty since I have to option to contact the seller , I'm stuck, I guess I will try getting a backup battery . For the most part the phone is great for videos and going on line but I hate all the preinstalled junk you cant get rid of. I have many app on phone I never use and cant uninstall. I bought this to replace a Kyocera Hydro. I still use my hydro at times for an alarm and as a tablet to go on line ,it charges to 94 % in about 1/2 hour as my Samsung is still at 15% an hour later. Think carefully before you buy.

this was the cheapest place i could get this phone...every where eles this phone is $400.00.i love my phone,im happy

I love this phone! The only disadvantage is maybe the phone dies a little faster, but not much faster. I'd recommend it to anyone!

I LIKED THE PHONE BUT CONTRARY TO BOOST MOBILE THE PHONE HAD NO SERVICE AT MY HOME. CALLED CUSTOMER SERVICE AN HOUR AFTER GETTING CONNECTED, AND TOLD THEM  THAT I COULD NOT MAKE A CALL.THEY TOLD ME I HAD FAIR SERVICE ACCORDING TO THEIR CHART,\. MY RESPONCE TO THAT WAS IF I CAN'T MAKE A CALL THEN I HAVE NO SERVICE. THEY SAID TRY STANDING CLOSE TO A WINDOW OR GO OUTSIDE AND TRY. SO AFTER THAT BRILIANT CONVERSATION THEY TOLD ME THAT THEY COULD NOT GIVE BACK MY $55.00 BRCAUSE THEY DON'T GIVE REFUNS UNLESS I HAVE NO SERVICE AND OCCORDING TO THEM I HAVE FAIR SERVICE!!!  THANKS FOR BEING SUCH AN  OUTSTANDING BUSSINESS TO DEAL WITH.

I enjoy the features, the screen is bigger. When taking pictures, nice and clear. Easy to navigate. I just order another phone for my son.

this is simply put a great phone, however its expensive so if your willing to spend the money then by all means go ahead, after i bought it i returned it though for a lg Venice because its much cheaper and does everything this s3 phone did

I really love this phone. It by far blows away any phone that I have owned to date. I would recommend it to anyone looking for a great android phone,

I love this phone n it was shipped like it was promise &#9825;&#9829; I bought the same phone to my husband as well

Do i did not got what i expected, (missunderstood on my behalve),  resolving the issue was way eassy. great service from amazon customer service, and vendor had a fast response to my return item request.well the product is good. is perfect, but i was requiring one that i could use with a sim card. (did not pay attention to description and title)even do i did not keep the product i'm a happy custome and i do recomemded product, (if sim card is not required) and the vendor's customer care.

love this phone

This phone is awesome, I can't live without it. There is so much too learn and I find myself doing tricks that I didn't know it could do. If you are a techie, then give this phone a try. What I do to keep a good battery life.....is turn off wifi to reserve it for later until I need it, so my battery will not drain. I can't say nothing wrong about this phone but it is AWESOME!!! Good luck cell  phone shopping people!!

I ordered the Galaxy s3 (Boost Mobile phone) thru Bayshine store as a replacement phone.I had the same phone already that i purchased thru Boost Mobile online but it was dropped in water and once it dried out everything worked but the sound and i didn't have insurance on it so i took it to a side shop to get it fixed but they couldnt fix it,therefore i was forced to buy a new phone.I didn't wanna spend $300 again at Boost Mobile for another phone so i turned to Amazon to find something cheaper..(it was $170..minus $8,s from Amazon gift cards i had saved from my Bing Rewards which made it $164) I was so scared to order it because it said it was slightly used but in good condition.I have never purchased anything used online b4 but let me tell u, i ordered the phone 6/9/14 and it was at my door 6/11/14(standard shipping) way b4 the delivery date & its just like new.No problems activating it with Boost Mobile,thanks Bayshine i will definitely recommend u to everybody and will shop with u again...excellent phone and freaky fast service,lol

Not happy with boost service always dropping calls just bought this phone2months ago and am ready to change the carrier

The phone has very good call quality which is my main focus.  I like all of the other features of this phone.  I had the Galaxy S a while ago and that sold me on Samsung and Galaxy.  Also, very happy with Amazon's price.  I am a Boost Mobile subscriber and Amazon's price saved me $150.00 off of Boost's price.  No phone should cost $399.99!.  Not in my world.

This seller is so patient and compassionate to my concerns that we're not founded by anything he did!  I was reluctant to remove the screen protector-cover he had so carefully included to fend off any damage during shipping. I would easily purchase further items from him as de describes them. Thanks for third sale! I lucked out!

I love my new Samsung Galaxy.  I know there is so much more to learn with the phone but unfortunelately it doesn't come with a manual about all the great apps it has.

oh I love the phone very nice it works good thank you very much

I love the phone, but I don't like the color. I wish you can have a phone in black or I wish I can change this phone in black

hi I buy it for my son Christopher he love it and I love it is perfect awesome terrific marvelous tremendous spectacular excellent gorgeous its like it came from heaven also from space they all is amazing you all are doing a excellent jobs keep it up.  thank you all

The phone was a good price.  It's easy to use--I'm non-tech capable & I can use it.  Boost works very well in my area...I did do that.  Check your coverage area before you purchase to be sure you're buying the correct type of phone!!  I feel very good recommending both the Galaxy S III & Boost Mobile.

My son has this phone through a diff cell phone company and when I seen his and all the things it does I wanted to get one also , So I check out Boost Mobile's web site and it cost way to much , So I check out Amazon and red all the fed backs  and finally found a awesome deal ..  I'm still learning how to use it  .. The only things I dislike is the battery life only last for 2 days and wishing it came with more info on how to use it ..but over all I' am happy with it so far

had to pay 50 to turn it off so i can get it put in my name super annoyed but other than that phone condition was fine

samsung makes a great phone. Easy to set up and to use. this is my 3rd Samsung product. I highly recommend this phone.

This phone is awesome. Its is everything  I expected it to be. I love the size and feel on the phone

It does everything i want. It a good phone. Its easy to carry. Great features, ringtones and more. Thank you

I love this phone so much. I does everything I need and more. The only issue I have is that it heats up. But, other than that this phone is perfect for me.

In the description of this product, Amazon mentioned as &#34;Factory Unlocked Phone&#34;, but actually the phone is loced with &#34;Boost&#34; Operator.So I gave the rating as 1.

I love Samsung &#34;Galaxy S&#34; series phones, they're definitely worth the $$$!!!The beauty & functionality are just as good or better than on the iPhone, and for hundreds $$$ less!!!You will love this phone... :)

Had to return two different phones for charging issues. Kept the third one Amazon sent; however, the charge doesn't last at all. Also, Boos Mobile Service is HORRIBLE in South Florida.

I ordered a new phone and when I tried to activate it, I was told it was a used phone.  Am I angry!!!!!

It's a perfect phone and it even came in 2 days early. but came with a charger that didn't fit. For it to be used it looks brand new

Great phone but no operations papers.  Why do we have to go on line to get a book.Simple instructions would be great.

the phone shuts down when it wants.speakerphone is just okscreenshot does not work all the time.the price was the cheapest I could find.

This phone does almost everything! What's not to love? I have no problems with it whatsoever. I highly recommend it!

The Samsung Galaxy S3 is the best phone Boost has ever offered, in my opinion! I used to own the S2 and there were so many flaws that irritated the crap out of me. The S3 is a much better improvement. It is super fast and more user friendly than the S2. The phone is very fast too, I highly recommend this phone to anyone that has Boost service!

Alright, first off let me say I love this phone.... I'm gonna order it next week ;) so a few friends and I wanted to get this phone but at the time it was $282.56 which kinda bummed us out until I got a call from one of them and they told me how it dropped down to $249.99.... that was amazing except I didn't get paid yet :( I got 6 phone calls that same day from my friends telling me they ordered this phone..... I believe if Amazon left the phone at the price  $249.99 they'd have alot more customers willing to buy this product.... I'm super excited about getting it but geez high prices man :/ but overall I recommend this phone HIGHLY

from the first day I have the phone I had to hold the charger a certain way for it to charge within 2 to 3 weeks it stopped charging completely.the sender did offer to fix it but wanted me to pay for the shipping to send it back to them which upset me. so I just bought a different charger on Amazonthat doesn't plug into your phone it just plugs into the wall and you plug your battery into it it works like a charm and ive had no problems sense

Although I loved the design of the case, as well as the texture; it began to chip off after just two days of it being on my phone. After another week of regular use the look of my phone would have given anyone the impression that my case was used for several months. I was very disappointed with how difficult it was to take the case off my phone and even more irritated when the front of the case broke in half. I can tell you this much you most certainly get what you paid for and in my personal opinion spend a few more dollars and buy something else.

I was worried I wouldn't like this phone since you hear so much about apple products. Once I received it and started using it, all my worries disappear. I love it!

Great phone, arrived just in time for Christmas. Would have given 5 stars but I think it's bs that boost wants to charge for the use of WiFi hot spot.

I love this phone more then any other I have gotten. Only Thing I miss is Boost Mobile mobile hotspot with the S2, but if you have that and are thinking of upgrading you have noticed that has gone to crap anyway! Worth the money! Just do it!I would recommend this product!

i really like my phone, I have no problems with it except I don't know how to downgrade it back to how it was but I'm happy

I absolutely love my new phone... All the reviews I had read about the good and the bad stuff... I've had nothing but great experience with my new Samsung Galaxy S III Thank you so much... From one very satisfied customer!!! :-)

Worth the upgrade from S2 because the S3 picks up LTE towers, and now I have 4G, ALL THE TIME.Boost says the S3 is 4G, but the S3 only picks up 4G from WiMax, so in a year, I NEVER ONCE had 4G on my S2.With the KitKat update coming out, it will make the S3 almost an S4, too!!! :)

Other party cant hear me unless I am on speaker  and then they tell me it is all broken up

Listen! I know you guys wont believe this but I was given a Boost Mobile Card Code and I can't believe it actually worked! You get it completely free from [...]

I absolutely love this phone and am very happy I bought it.  The screen size is nice and big and the pictures it takes are amazing and crystal clear. I thank Amazon for selling this phone 50 dollars cheaper because that's what sealed the deal for me!

This phone is easy to use and has a lot of great features. Good signal and I love the shrinkage program.

I love, love, love this phone.This is my first android. It took me a few days to familiarize myself with all the bells and whistles that it offers. Lots of storage for photos and games. I've had BOOST mobile for 3 years now. Other than a few issues with customer service activating the phone, i'm happy with my Samsung Galaxy III and BOOST mobile.

Nothing but the best phone overall sleek design, unbeatable price, long battery life, HD screen, op system GREAT! A+++ #1

Love this phone .takes alittle to get use to all the cool features.compair to my old Zte.alarm is the best.love the screen size.

I love my Galaxy it works better if you have Wi-Fi  Had it for about 6 months love all the free apps

Great

love the phone, easy to manage, slim, you are able to transfer with easy , the first one I got was not working got very hot when we charge it but replacement was everything I expect it

Great phone it lacks a few features the G2 had but I enjoy it

Best phone by boost mobile so far have it two months now and no problems switch from the galaxy. S2

I can't fathom why so many people love this phone.  First, Samsung's "touchwiz" actually takes features away from android making it nearly as uncustomizable as an iphone.  Second, google play services pings the server thousands of times a day which makes the battery drain so fast you basically have to leave it plugged in nonstop (It wont even last a day on full charge).  Third, my rear facing camera developed dead pixels in it after less than 4 months of use so every time I take a picture I have 3 random blue dots on it.  Fourth, the samsung easy uploader program kies doesn't work well AND disables android easy uploader for mac so the first time I connected it to my mac I had to spend a few hours trying to figure this out and do the work around.  I could go on and on but I'll stop.  I wouldn't recommend this phone to anyone and I will never buy Samsung again.

Works nice and came right from the box. I don't have any problems from it, so I would recommend it to anyone interested in buying it.

I received my phone at a very decent time and everything, but the charger that was sent with my phone didnt even work and when i did buy one that worked my phone still wont charge and wont hold a charge for s***. this is VERY irritating and will probably be my FIRST and last time ordering off of amazon.com UGH!!!!

I had to purchase another phone when it was only 1 year and a 1 week old because my LG Venice phone fried. Because of this I wanted the best one I could get with my Boost Mobile service. I love, love, love my new Samsung Galaxy S lll that I bought on 4/2/14 and there are 2 things that are majorly better with my galaxy s 3.1. the battery life is twice what the LG Venice was.2. it never reboots itself like the LG phone did about 5 times a day.This has been a great phone so far!!!

This phone definately met all my expectations. Still getting use to how different it is from the s2. But so far so good

The Samsung Galaxy S3 looks great and is easy to operate. The large screen display is an added bonus for viewing the terrific photos it takes. It's camera quality is unmatched by any if It's competitors.

Second smart phone,but definitely this,for the price,best purchase done.Highly recommend this unit to anyone who is thinking on purchasing an android phone.A+++

I love it.I am sure that when I learn all the features I will give it a 5-star. Thank you

I really love this phone. It pretty much does everything I need and then some. I upgraded from a Kyocera Hydro to this phone and Iam so happy that I did. I love watching netflix movies on the large screen. It has so many features that I honestly have not even come close to using them all. I would definitly recommend this phone to anyone.

Based on the super deal I found on here, I was quite reluctant to buy this phone. Turns out, everything worked out great!Easy transition as far as upgrading my old phone to this new one. Collaborating with Boost mobile to make that transition was super easy and convenient.

works great and i love it

I love this phone! This was exactly what I needed in a smartphone. I'm still learning different features that comes with this device. However I'm very satisfied. Whenever the Samsung S4 release on Boost Mobile I plan on upgrading.

Because this item its perfect for kids to have without contract. And price its awesome. Nice buy.i like it '

if you want really nice phone this is the oneI will let you guys know more in one month

I recieved the phone new as said and it is what i wanted. The price was great as well because it is more expensive in local stores.

My boyfriend Jon loves this phone. there is so many options, and many uses. he told me this is the best phone he ever used. Anyone looking for a bigger screen phone for many functions and the screen is so clear. this is more then a 5 star. you will love this phone!

great phone. i recommend looking at boosts coverage to make sure ur area is supported. most cities are covered. .......

I am very satisfied with my purchases.. Thank you.

I've always wanted this phone and once I opened the box I loved it. The only things I dislike are the front facing camera and the battery life.

i loved  it i dont know what else you are looking for i kept it didnt i so i must want it

I am completely disappointed with this purchase because this cellular equipment with CDMA technology and was nowhere clarifies Store.For me it's a complete lack of respect that a shop in amazon perform actions emphatically catalog as &#34;misleading&#34;. I feel like I fell into a trap. So I'm doing this business full rejection.Too bad I'm in Venezuela and in this country, it is so complicated return the mobile device I bought.I warn all potential buyers: this is a mobile CDMA not GSM technology. In our country this phone DOES NOT WORK with communications companies currently operating in the country.In conclusion: I consider a company that cheats its customers. What technology should clarify is the phone in the explanation of the characteristics of the team.

So far, I'm crazy in love with this phone.  The cons are that you really don't need an SD card.  I did not know that & bought a big one.  I'm scared to death of dropping this thing so I had to get an armored car for a case.  Also, my other charging cables do not work; only the one that came with it.  The pros are too numerous to list, coming from a Transform Ultra....size, amazingly crisp display, cool camera functions, far better text to speech, really, everything is stellar...hey, I think I'll change my rating to 5 starts!

The phone worked perfectly untll out of no where it just started not to hold any charge, so i replaced the battery with a brand new one that i purchased from the phone store but still having problems the phone takes forever to charge i have no clue what could be wrong the phone must be defected

Got this from amazon for 250.00.There are enough great reviews of this cell.I'm very happy with it.No problems at all.It updated to KitKat 4.4 with no problems.Best price was amazon

Galaxy S III is a good smartphone Amazon offered the best price ..on the other hand it comes with a phone service that hasn't been what I wanted

I absolutely love my phone!  It does everything I want it to do and more! I would recommend this phone over the Iphone any day.

I love my new phone it has all the wonderful features I like. My son has the iPhone 5 and I almost purchased one as well but decided to go with the Galaxy S III I'm glad I did I like it much better!

I got the phone, took it to boost had it activated and it has worked perfect ever since. I highly recommend it.

Phone is great and new there was an issue with delivery. we paid for next day and due to weather it was delayed (UPS) does not deliver on weekends yet another reason i do not use them.  i expected a denial for shipping refund because it was due to weather issues beyond their control and i would have understood that, however when i mentioned this to Amazon they refunded the next day delivery fee with in 2 hours with only one e-mail. Kuddos to Amazon and shop cell for a great price and customer satifaction. they delivered both with style

I don't know why I waited so long to get this phone , but now I have it and it is perfect!!!

easy to use & sync. light weight. it's not too big or too small. it's good phone, works for me.

I debated about buying a use phone, but, I'm glad I did. Great condition and at almost half the price. Thanks!

I love my Samsung Galaxy S III (Boost Mobile) . This is such a treat for me with all the differenct features and gagets offered!! Love the size of the screen 4&#34;8!  Very smooth slim back.  Used to have the ZTE Warp for about 3 years.  So you see why I just love my Samsung!

I love this phone. My old one was a dinosaur. Everything works great this is a great deal for the phone, cheapest I've seen. The battery kinda sucks but its not horrible.

Love this phne great too use for games and facebook you can play candy crush and more love all the features

I was torn between the iPhone and the Samsung Galaxy S3, and basically everyone I talked to insisted this one was the better of the two. I was apprehensive at first of buying such a large phone but its thinness makes up for its length and width, and it fits comfortably in my pocket. The battery lasts a long time too, well over a day. I've had the phone for about a month and a half and I'm nothing but impressed.

Bought this cell phone for my husband, he and I both love it, the screen is incredible, pictures from camera excellent.

Great cheap way to upgrade phone, cheaper than the site or in store. Good phone I'm happy with this upgrade

Had an s2 wanted upgrade.this phone works as advertised. If you don't have boost mobile you should check it out

I just got  this phone on Nov.30th of this year and this phone works like a charm! the shipping was fast and everything came with it! I definitely love this phone even right now I'm making this review on it.

Much better than my old phone (ZTE Warp).  Don't miss it at all!  SAMSUNG has an excellent reputation and their phones have very few issues if any.

I need to get a phone like this my friend has it and he loves it to death he plays all kinds of games on it and talks chats text I don't even know what else he does I think he even video takes to people its just so amazing.

I've had my phone for approx. a year and the only problem I had with it is when Samsung/Boost did an automatic update my phone went a little screwy. A few apps changed on me and a few left altogether, I lost internet service and my phone was deactivated. I ended up calling Customer Service twice before it was realized that I needed to key in a certain code to get the phone to function properly again.The only issue I have is battery life. Its not that great but I learned that if you turn off unnecessary apps and features the battery lasts a little longer.Other than that I love my phone!

I like this phone it really nice and boost mobile has been pretty good over the past 4 years I have never had any big issues with them but just as warning this phone does not do wifi hot spotting on boost mobile (amazon needs to fix the info on this page) supposedly if you root the phone it will do it but then your out $400 if it breaks rooting voids the warranty

I love this phone!!! It does everything I want and more. The large screen is perfect and I don't have trouble reading my messages on it.

Phone is fast, battery last long enough and is very reliable (it doesn't freeze). I would recommend this phone to anyone.

Love this phone  Battery not bad I charge every evening! So glad I got it features great Boost mobile is fantastic, Even paying for the phones you still save a ton of money , but of course if the phones where cheaper I think they would have more customers alot of people can't afford the phones. all around great phone , and very easy to use

I bought the S III because I wanted an upgrade over an S II that I had at the time. The S III has more bells and whistles than the S II. I wanted 4 G LTE capability which this phone gives me. I also wanted to print pictures from the phone instead of constantly looking at the phone to see them. I bought my first smart phone a little over a year ago and I have upgraded twice in a year's time. I like this phone and its features so much that I think I'll stick with it for quite awhile. I highly recommend this phone to anyone looking for their first smart phone or to upgrade their current phone. You will enjoy it as much as I have.

I have no complaints at all. Its the best phone I ever bought. Im in love with my Galaxy S3. Thank you Amazon!

I was very skeptical about getting a more or less used phone, but then it finally came, and it didn't even look like had ever been touched.That was sure a relief.So it passed the first inspection then i was waiting to see how well it worked.Again it passed. so I was gratefully surprised and most thankful that this was not a costly mistake. The only thing I was just a little disappointed about was the shipping I paid $10.00 for 2 days expedited shipping, and it still took 5 days after it was shipped but I don't think it was the seller's fault, it was the USPS who was slow. I would definitely recommend this seller. Thank You

Complete Crap phone was water damaged according to verizon even though amazon said it was new boost no longer covers my town and some of these providers that say bring any phone from any network are big fat liars none accept boost phones. I was pleased with how quick amazon refunded my money and I couldn't get my one day shipping price back that was a bummer oh well

I just saw this phone at Best Buy for $699.  The price on Amazon was a steal and it works perfectly.  I couldn't be happier and I bought the phone and tons of accessories for under $350.  The phone is fast and I love the features and would recommend this product to anyone.  If you are thinking of getting it, get it.  You will save money and have a great new smartphone.

I bought the this phone but I have not set it up yet. I really like Samsung phones because they are popular and very realizable.

I love this phone, is one of the best ones i ever had. It has a beautiful display, and awesome settings.The only i dislike is that i doesn't have a tether feature built in, but other than that its sweet

We've taken to upgrading phones every year or so and selling the old ones on Amazon while they are still desirable.This year, we moved to the Samsung Galaxy S-III. We looked carefully at the S-IV but the differences didn't seem to warrant the difference in price. We couldn't be happier! First real 4G phone we've had! (Prior phone was an HTC which had 4G but only for selected towers).  This phone is fast and capable!

What a awesome phone. I do everything I need to without all the big bucks.What a good purchase awesome

Background: I (very) recently upgraded to this from an HTC One SV on a warranty swap. I have only had it for three days as of this writing.As far as phone usage, I do a lot. Lots of different apps, games, streaming, reading documents, editing documents, texting... it'd probably be easier to count the things I don't do with a smartphone now.First Impressions...Holy *expletive*... No, seriously. There is a reason that the Galaxy S III stole the thunder and managed to be the flagship that stole the iPhone's dominance. Even in the presence of devices like the S 4, Note 2(and 3), the new HTC One, and even the iPhone 5/S/C, this thing is a standout device all around. The combination of ~2GB of RAM, 1.5GHz dual core and 16GB of internal storage gives this thing plenty of ammo to hang with the big boys even now. And even with all this, the factory battery managed to beat my initial expectations given its modest specs. The power saving features on Android 4.1.2 that it came with have also helped to eke out more hours from the battery, indicating some smart coding from the Android team and also on Samsung's release of the kernel for the phone.First, The positives:+ Good god, that screen. First and foremost compared to everything else I have personally used, I can definitely see the justification for the burgeoning category of "phablet" phones out there. The extra real estate really does help.+ As a side effect of the screen, I can now type pretty comfortably even in portrait mode, which is something I couldn't do with the One SV or even the S2 I used to have.+ Multi-Window. I really wish this was available earlier on for multi-core phones, since it makes too much sense to do so, but is now much more practical because of the generous display size. Very simply, it enables you to have two different apps running concurrently on the same screen, and allowing you to resize each on the fly. Gimmick for some (which you can turn on/off as you wish), but I like it a lot.+ Curiously, the fresh phone seems to be doing better getting a signal, and hopping on the 4G LTE here in Mesa and Phoenix. Not yet stable, but speed tests show lots of promise. :)+ Unlike a fair number of HTC phones out there, including the two I've used thus far, this phone does respect my desire to NOT have *expletive* auto-correct.With that said, there are some down sides that may or may not be relevant to some, but were things that I did notice for my personal experience with the phone thus far.- Enabling power save does periodically cause some noticeable and inconveniencing input lag, particularly when running some of the demanding games available. this is particularly troublesome for games that do require precise timing, like music games.- Odd as it is to say, but the HTC One SV I had to swap out of never did freeze up on an application bad enough to actually force the phone to restart. Perhaps some better ANR handling is in order.- Despite my disdain of AutoCorrect, I did appreciate that the OneSV's default keyboard did at least provide an MSWord-style spellcheck option. This I could live with. Thus far, I don't see a way to enable that functionality on the S 3; and if someone does know how *WITHOUT* re-enabling auto-correct, please say so.- A select few apps that have consistently worked well for me with prior phones, including the S 2 and the OneSV are not working on the S3. :(- Without a hard case to protect the phone, the rear camera's lens does kind of jut out conspicuously, and could get easily struck or scratched. I am looking forward to getting my extended battery soon to remedy that situation.- On the S2, one thing I did appreciate was a shortcut to the task manager that allowed me to selectively or simply "kill all" running apps. However, there is no easy way to access it on the S 3, much less make a shortcut to it that I have been able to do thus far.And, well... what's a "good and bad" without being able to have a section for the Ugly? So, here it is.~ Despite being a significant successor to the S2 in a lot of regards, the cameras (both front and rear facing) haven't been seemingly touched at all for any kind of improvement to either their sensors or pixel quality.~ Thus far, despite having what should be significantly more power in its specs than the OneSV, framerate in games like the Gameloft MLP game really does seem to suffer.~ As of yet, I have been unsuccessful in getting the phone to even finish a single run of 3DMark for Android. And this concerns me...**Update**My first one must have been defective. The replacement S3 has definitely performed much better, and more representative of a flagship phone. It still can't complete a run of 3DMark though... which at least from my searching seems to be an issue for everyone that doesn't have the "international" version of the Galaxy S3, regardless of kernel or any mods done.

I would like to say that this phone meets my expectations and more its light weight functions great no problems with using internet...Overall awesome buy

I have always been a Samsung user but decided to switch to the Iphone...big mistake.  The Iphone was not user friendly, too small and made me realize that Samsung is the better product.  THe apps are better and the features...the Iphone is definitely overrated.

THIS PHONE I A SLIGHT UPGRADE FROM THE PREVIOUS VERSION.  THE LOOK IS MORE SLEEK BUT LARGER AND THE BUTTON MAKES IT SIMPLER TO USE

[...](press unlock and then put in your information and after that check your email)or if that doesn't work just search up boostmobile referral program and click the second link on google and click "were you referred" and type in the email kawiibear@hotmail.com -you should then get an email-~this is for those that would like 25 dollars credited to their account :)the other man that left his info didn't go through so just putting mine out their for all of you!Oh yeah, great  phone the only thing that sucks is the no hotspot but hopefully in the future boost would consider adding it to the phone since its already on the galaxy s2 with them(?). Shipping was perfect, arrived on the 24th around 2:30 and overall couldn't be more happier.THANKS AMAZON YOU GUYS MADE MY CHRISTMAS!

I BOUGHT THIS PHONE AS A GIFT FOR MY WIFE,,,BECAUSE SHE LOVES SAMSUNG ,,,ACTUALLY SHE HAD A SAMSUNG PREVAIL 2,BUT WITH THE GALAXY S 3 SHE IS SO HAPPY BECAUSE, NOT ONLY THE LOOKS, IT IS A BEATIFULL PHONE!BUT THE PHONE IS REALLY FAST, COMPARED WITH THE PREVAIL 2,,,,,ANYWAY IT IS A GREAT PHONE...IT IS WORTH EVERY PENNY YOU PAY FOR IT....THANKS A LOT..

I love the phone. I just wish I could use it. I have had it 4 days and it has not charged past 50%. sometimes it will be charging, then minutes later when I check on it, it has stopped charging. i will try another charger, but if it doesn't charge correctly, I WILL BE RETURNING THIS PHONE.UPDATE: The charging port still doesn't work, so I had to order a spared battery and a battery charger. So I Guess problem solved..

Works great. It came brand new in box sealed. I seem to have no problems with the phone at all.

This model activates the GPS feature automatically and can not be deactivated. With all the government spying going on, I returned it (not that I am safe from government spying anyhow)

Love this phone.Replaced an HTC with this one...now I can actually SEE everything I need! Holds charge for a long time & charges quickly. great screen...love the Apps. Who needs iphone when you can get a Galaxy???

Awesome phone, and 10$ cheaper than the boost mobile site! If you are upgrading from the s2 then you made a great choice. Apple sucks.. go with the s3 and actually Enjoy your phone!

This is a great phone . Has comparabilities beyond my use. The phone doesn't suck however Boost Mobil does. This has got to be the weakest, poorest phone provider out there. Now I'm stuck with a great phone and a crappy phone company. Boost service area is really poor. There are times this phone won't work at my home and I live in a resort area on the Delaware coast. Don't make this same mistake. Find a service provider that can provide. then buy your phone.

Absolutely loving the Galaxy S 3. So far no problems.Love everything about this phone. So far no problems.Loving the look and feel.

Phone arrived and it looked unopened. The perforations on the box were still in place. However on the bottom of the box, where the serial number and other ID numbers were, someone had taken a marker and wrote over all three of them.  I didn't want any issues and couldn't figure out why this was done--so I returned the phone.  The lines from the marker even covered up some of the serial number, so I didn't want to bother with having issues activating the phone.I have purchased 2 cell phones for Boost from Radio Shack in the past--ie from an outside seller-- and none of them had boxes marked up this way.  It might have been brand new, but there is no reason for the serial number to be scribbled over with a marker.Returned it.

Great product but directions are lacking. Battery life is worst I've ever had! Had to research on my own how to extend battery life.

Love this phone.  Large screen. Great camera.  I use the Boost Mobile service and can't be happier.  Never had a dropped call yet.Calls are crystal clear.  Fast apps.  Love the fact that you can buy flip front cases to protect the entire phone, not just the back.Highly recommend this phone.

This phone does not accept a SIM card from the carriers in my area. As a handler music player it is first rate , but I was not aware that it had been customized so as to not operate as a phone here.

I like the Samsung galaxy s3 but not with boost mobile they don't have the hot spot any more and the was why I got the phone in the first place

my 3er Samsung phone and I really like this phone even though &#34;I am not big&#34; in technology.but this phone just is a great fit for me .thanks Amazon !!

So many features, I still aren't gotten them all checked out. Boost runs on the Sprint network so if Sprint works well in you area, you'll love Boost and their shrinkage deal.  We are at $45/month for everything.  My only gripe is a Boost disabled the hotspot on these phones so now when I'm stuck in a traffic jam, I can't watch a Netflix movie on my iPad.

I rated this product low because of Boost, NOT because of Amazon.I ordered this phone from Amazon because of the $50 price difference from everywhere else I looked. I went to both Best Buy and RadioShack in order to see if they would be willing to match the price--but naturally, there wasn't a store that could beat Amazon. You will not find this phone anywhere else for the great price. You get a lot of phone for a low cost.Unfortunately, I did not have a good experience with Boost. I was told by both their website and customer service (an actual person, not just a recording) that the area I live in would be able to get Boost service. However, I was provided the wrong information. When I tried to activate the phone, I found out that my house was a dead zone. Customer service didn't bother to tell me that is why the phone wasn't activating until AFTER I had paid for the first month of service, and now they are having me jump through hoops in order to get a refund for my money. It has been a couple of days now and Boost has been of no help, telling me they do not have enough information to give me a refund (even though I have provided them with all the information they have asked me for).I called Amazon customer service to explain the situation and once again, they did not fail to impress. The Amazon employee apologized for all the inconvenience, told me there would not be a problem returning the phone, and that I would be receiving my FULL refund as soon as the phone was received at Amazon.The customer service Amazon provides is impeccable. I feel bad that I had to return the phone as Boost's customer service has been extremely disappointing, but Amazon makes up for that poor service. Overall the phone itself is great, but make sure that Boost has you fully covered before purchasing any of their products.

Just received my phone today, after a couple of misses with the LG Optimus 7, I was all but ready to give up on amazon. I had ordered a couple of the LG models that did not work, so finally I was about to give up altogether but decided to try the galaxy SIII instead.. Amazon gave me some store credit for my troubles which put the more expensive Galaxy within arms reach so I went for it, and boy am I glad I did,. it must have been destiny, for I could not possibly be happier with my phone. this  phone is nice, I have read a lot of the reviews and even comparisons between the Optimus and Galaxy, I have to say I am just extremely happy with this purchase. I highly recommend it.

BOUGHT THIS PHONE FOR MY SON AND HE ABSOLUTELY LOVES IT. GREAT FOR ME CAUSE NOW HE HAS A REALLY NICE PHONE AND THE NEXT ONE HE WANTS WILL BE OUT OF HIS POCKET. :)

Thank you for my new phone. I got a great price on it.I would recommend this site to everyone,Cheri

After the last phone I just love the 3.It does everything I need and then some.Easy to use even for an old guy like me.I am going to buy one for my wife my son and I just love it.I ordered 2 as of yet and another one very soon.

Phone came as expected in the correct Boost packaging. I had no problem taking it into the Boost store and having the phone activated.

Phone is great. Only problem is the phone has big dings on sides but the posting didn't say anything about them

I've had this phone for 3 weeks. My 2nd BoostMobile phone. For $269.99 this is the best price/performance phone on the market today. I simply love it. Runs fast, ultra-silky smooth scrolling, more features than you'll ever use. Why pay double or more for an S5? I have no idea. A little faster, a little bigger - great - but not worth more than $300 more.I am paying $40 a month to BoostMobile (shrinking payment plan veteran) for unlimited talk, text and data. 4G LTE speed is limited to 2.5 gb per month. Most people don't even reach half that amount. There's an easy screen to reference data usage on a colorful graph. Plus, you can choose to have the phone auto connect to wifi to save 4G LTE data usage if you think it's an issue for you.I live in the NYC metro area and the BoostMobile coverage on the Sprint network is rock solid throughout my travels in the tri-state area. Works well everywhere I have traveled including remote areas in the US Virgin Islands.

The phone is like brand spanking new! It was shipped pretty fast. I received it in about 3 days. The ONLY issue I had with this phone was trying to get it activated. Next to the phone description in parentheses it says Boost Mobile. Well, the day the phone arrived I went up to Radio Shack to see if I could get the phone turned on with the carrier that I had at the time, which was Boost Mobile. Upon further investigation I was told that it was a Virgin Mobile phone and then I was told that because I didn't buy the phone at Radio Shack I couldn't get it activated there. So, I decided to go to Best Buy and they were more than willing to help me. I really hadn't planned on making the switch, but I had to have this phone. So, I took the chance and switched to Virgin Mobile. I only had to pay for the plan and that was it. This is why I love non contract companies, switching over is easy and hassle free. I am happy with the phone and the shipping service, but I think it is misleading to put Boost Mobile next to the phone description because that wasn't the case for me. Overall, I am satisfied!

Great phone. I have no complaints. I have had for about a month now and I am still getting used to all the pre loaded apps

I am loving this phone. It's a major upgrade from the blackberry curve that I was using since 2010. What I like about it is that it's relatively easy to use and has a large screen without being bulky or carrying additional weight. I also like the fact that it was very affordable and even though it was released almost two years ago, the galaxy S III is actually able to stand on the same level as the current iPhone 5. Initially, I was going to give it 4 stars because of the bad reception and inability to use apps without wifi but after doing a data network refresh which is very simple and takes close to 30mins, my phone is now functioning properly. To any potential buyer out there, I recommend that you purchase a great phone case (Urban Armor Gear Preferably but Trident is good too), a screen protector and a 32GB micro SD Card. My recommendations is based on the fact that these phones are delicate and that you can easily burn through the phone's 16GB internal memory very quickly once you load it up with apps and music. This phone will be the best $200 that you spend and is also a great alternative to the current iPhone 5 and Galaxy S5 which will cost you an extra $200-$400.

The phone was ok but it took too long to come and there was some kind of mix up where i read the phone was to come with 2 cases and did not receive them .so that was a bit upsetting as well,but overall the phone works great with no problems .

Is a beautiful cell phone, awesome its all I need, I love this phone, I recommend 100% this item !!!

Am having to many problems with this cellphone such as it is freezing on me I have to take the battery out every now and then to make it work I am very unsatisfied because I paid too much money for my cellphone

I love my galaxy s 3  it have clear pics and good internet connection and videos show clear as well.

Really nice phone, does everything I could want. Can't go wrong with a Samsung product.

this product has the glue in the opposite side,I got three screen protectors and I couldn't use a single one I don't recommend this product.I waste my money.

I am very pleased with my new phone. Great seller and exactly what I had ordered. I wished I had known not to add everything on to my new phone before I had activated it though. Otherwise am very pleased.

I have owned this phone a little over a month now, and frankly it is the best phone I have ever had! Its video/camera is smooth, the Jelly Bean OS is great, you can chance you notification window layout, you can disable apps that came pre-installed so you don't have to have them running and use up space, you can take photos while in video mode, you can hook up to HDMI to a tv, It has good battery life for what it can do!  I have an external battery just in case, and rarely have to use it. This phone is pretty smart.

Got it on the day it was promised.  So far so good. Love the phone. Had no problems with activating it. I was a little scared to order fromsomeone besides boost mobile but I am very pleased.

YOU LOOKED OUT FOR ME THINK YOU THAT  THAT WAS GOOD OF YOU TO DO THAT FOR ME I AM SO HAPPY I HAVE GOOD PHONE

I returned the phone because it was defective (plug at bottom of phone does not charge phone).  Amazon charged me a restock fee instead of a full refund for a defective unit.  This means that they are going to put that phone back on the shelf and ship it out to someone else.  This is a SCAM.  I will be: 1) filing a complaint with the BBB against Amazon and the supplier for defective unit and restock charge of a defective unit; and 2) filing a Small Claims case against Amazon and the supplier.  I am required to send a Demand Letter to both and will do that this week.  Amazon has unit 04/01/2014 to correct this issue.  Everyone needs to know about this issue and I will ensure that this entire comment plus the supporting documents of my case are on every BLOG, Comment posting, etc.  This should never happen.

Pretty bad I had to put a photo in an envelope, because I wanted to save $$$. I am the only one to blame for believing amazon.

This is the best cell i ever had so glad I upgraded  easy to use and battery last s all day

I was just tired of all the junky cell phones for the last 20 years. Decided to buy a top of the line I think, gaget I call it a gadget because it does so much . Dont need a lap top anymore . I payed less than 260.00 for it with Boost mobile GREAT SERVICE  and I pay $40.00 a month for unlimited everything .No more veriZ*&^, or APP or P mobile these phone companys want U to pay $100.00 a month for the same thing. I am very happy  but their must be something wrong everything is to too two good to be true . It only proves that you dont need to spend a lot of money for a GREAT product. Amazon had the best price ,I checked them all.

This phone is amazing. I had no problems activating this phone on the Boost Mobile website. It took five minutes at the most to navigate and switch my account over from my other boost mobile phone. The screen is clear, crisp and everything runs smoothly. It was everything I expected. I couldn't be more pleased with my purchase. This was money well spent.

I love love love this phone the screen it big N its work perfect it super thin best thing I can order

The big screen is easy to read and it was easy to transfer all my apps and contacts from my old android phone. 4G is much faster than 3G at loading web pages and emails.

The camera keeps saying camera failed.. It hasn't worked one single time since I've had phone.. The headphone jack will not work either.. It's almost like somehting is shoved down in there.. The phone is in pretty clean condition except for some scratches on the back cover.. The camera not working is a big inconvenience as well as the headphone jack.. If those two things were fixed then I would be giving five stars. Contacted the seller on Friday. Expecting a response on Monday.. Hopefully they make this right and I can give a better rating..

I love it, I love it, I love it. This phone is major upgrade from my Galaxy S2. Do not get me wrong, the Galaxy S2 was an amazing device. But, this is just amazing.One of my most favorite features is the screen:The screen on this awesome thing will really stand out. You cannot tell apart individual pixels. Pictures and videos look AMAZING.I also like the design:Many people may complain about the style of the phone. In my opinion, it is solid. Yes, it is on the thin side and may slip out of one's hand but the thinner, the more comfortable it is with a case.I spent a lot of money on this phone and have no regrets. I do miss my good ol' Galaxy S2, but at least I gave it to my mom and I still see it every now and then.Samsung, keep up the great work. I hear about your other solid devices such as the Galaxy S4 and the Note 3 (who doesn't hear about them)... People who live under a rock. Hey Boost Mobile crew, we may some day get treated with the Note 3! We all know the Galaxy S4 will make it to us eventually, all we can do is wait.

This phone is the best that I've ever had. First I received the phone sooner than expected. Ordered it friday morning in my hands saturday afternoon.  Battery is a. Ok. Could be better but what do you expect its a smartphone. Service with boost is good, could be better but overall decent.  Would recommend this phone to everyone. Camera takes excellent pictures. Lots of space even with out my sd card. Would like boost to start having the up to date phone like other no contract cell phone companys.

Super Fast delivery! And very nice phone love it! Has huge screen and alot of cool opinions 3g on boost is a little slow only downfall

my screen after 2 months brand new phone started getting dark in one corner now its the whole screen it sucks I can barely see the time or my messages!!!!!!!!!

I was skeptical about buying such an expensive phone on here because I wasnt exactly sure I would get what I paid for but the phone was exactly as it was described, brand new. I really love the phone and the shipping time was very reasonable.

very excellente

It was a nice phone at the time I got it. It lasted for 3 years the died on me. I've since gotten the so which I'm enjoying just as much. Samsung makes some pretty good phones. So I think!

The phone is a great phone, but Boost Mobiles Map might be a bit off. The service here is not as good as Boost Mobile's Service Map says. But... that has nothing to do with the quality of the phone I just bought. I would buy from this company again.

if you trying to get the phone because the hotspot options is on it dont get it the phone does have the options but boost mobile dont not support  the options to activate it1/4/14

The Samsung Galaxy S III is phenominal phone.  It does everything I could ever want or expect.  Would recommend it to anyone.  Boost mobile is a great provider.  I have no complaints.

Love the phone, works great, love all the features, the only problem, the charger did not work had to buy another one.

I compared many phones before I made a decision to buy this one.  I talked others who had owned this phone.  I was nervous to spend so much money on a phone.  When it finally arrived, it was really easy to transfer my information from my other phone.  The battery lasts much longer than my other phone.  I really love how easy it is to use.  The screen is much more sensitive to touch and makes texting easier.  It has surpassed my expectations.I just love love love this phone!!!

Seems to be working like it should, but all things are great when they're new.Let me edit my rating after the phone is 9 months old, or so.

Much improved over the LG Venice (which  I liked a lot).  Haven't learned all the features yet.  I like the shrinking monthly bills with Boost.

i love the Samsung galaxy s3 i love everything about it this was a great purchase, overall its an amazing phone

This same phone was $249 yesterday on amazon.. and when I went to purchase the next day it was back up to $349.. wish they would keep their price the same for at least a week and not a different price every day

This cell phone is so great just I order another one for my husband. I love it Thank god Boost finally has a good cell phone. The last Samsung I had I hated & I wasn't to sure about this one but The camera takes the best pictures, It is super easy to get on the web. I could go on forever. The only thing I don't like is the Battery I am going to have to get a different battery because this one does not last 8 hours like they say.

This was simple to understand and apply and does a great job on protecting my phone's screen. \I would recommend this to friends.

I think this phone is a very good phone to buy even now.no problems here Samsung makes very good stuff and not just phones either,you  pay a little more for it but I think worth it. I definitely would buy another one,.go samsung

The Samsung Galaxy S3 has been replaced by the S4, which will soon be replaced by the upcoming S5.  I am upgrading from a Boost Samsung Galaxy Prevail, one of Boost first smart phones.  The Galaxy S3 is a very welcome upgrade boasting more memory, faster processor and 4G capability.  There are more features on this phone than I have time or space to write about, but they are no less important.I'd definitely recommend this phone.

This is the nicest phone I have ever owned.  Unfortunately once purchased you are locked to Boost.  Boost is the worst cell provider.  Customer service in unbelievely poor.  I have canceled Boost service and selling phone on Craig's list.  Buy the Galaxy SIII, just avoid Boost.  The GSIII has all the great features you expect from a high end smart phone.  I have moved on to the unlocked Nexus 5.  Give me poor service and I'll move to different cell provider.

The phone. Is not good for my people in my country he doesn't take sim card.  I want return it.

My Samsung Galaxy S3's USB port died recently while under warranty. After muddling through boost and Samsung support, I decided to send it in for repairs. One week later, Samsung sent my phone back in the SAME CONDITION, and the reason being on the sheet was that my phone was "beyond repair" due to "Pad lifted on the I/F connector." This meant that it would cost them more than what the phone was worth in order to fix the problem (well that's what it said on the paper.) This was a phone that had been kept in its case (OtterBox Defender Series for Samsung Galaxy S III - Retail Packaging - Black) and a (Samsung? Galaxy S 3 III / S3 / i9300 i-9300 Hybrid Armor Blue Hard Case and Black Silicone Skin Dual Combo 2-in-1 with Kickstand / Kick Stand Snap-On Protective Cover Cell Phone) since day one, never touched water, screen in perfect condition, never tampered with the insides, and the only issue was the mechanical failure of the USB port that Samsung could have easily replaced. I did a little bit of research online and found out that the USB port could be replaced with a $5 little replacement part and some re-soldering on the board. No replacement of the logic board, nothing invasive or expensive. I contacted phone repair shops for quotes on a repair like this, and they ranged from $40-$60. This was a repair that should have been covered under my warranty, and I am disgusted with Samsung's level of service. So my phone wont connect to the PC or charge. I will never buy anything from Samsung ever again. This phone was a waste of $250 that I paid here at amazon. I would not recommend you order this if you do make sure you  get thisAssurant 360 2-Year Prepaid Mobile Phone Protection Plan W/ ADH ($200-299.99)and don't cheap out like I did because the manufacturer will not help. No matter what they will find some type of way to blame it on you. The USB port breaking is a common problem with the Samsung phones....Note: I just bought a external charger and battery from amazon so I can use my phone. Till I get a new phone.Anker 7200mAh Extended Battery Combo for Samsung Galaxy S3, I9300, AT&T; I747, Verizon I535, T-Mobile T999, Sprint L710, U.S. Cellular R530 - TPU back cover included [18-Month Warranty]Zerolemon Travel External Battery Charger for Samsung Galaxy S3 I9300 / Galaxy S4 I9500 / and Also Galaxy S4 Active I9295 - Fastest External Charger[180 days warranty] ZeroLemon Samsung Galaxy S III 7000mAh Extended Battery + Free Black Extended TPU Full Edge Protection Case(Compatible with Samsung Galaxy S III GT-i9300, AT&T; Samsung Galaxy S3 Samsung i747, Verizon Samsung Galaxy S3 Samsung i535, T...

I had to upgrade, but i love how i got this phone a $100 less here on amazon than the boost mobile store. It comes in a box from boost mobile and now i am in love with my phone.

I wanted this phone and was just about to purchase it from the boost mobile website only to find it on here for $100 less. SCORE!!! :))!

i bought the phone and it dont charge are come on at all never had a problem with amanzon and im mad

The Samsung Galaxy S3 is without question the absolute best smart phone I have ever owned, and in my opinion is way better than any of the I-phones. The possibilities with this phone are almost endless, and everything works flawlessly. I get excellent reception and sound quality with this phone with no dropped calls, even though I live in a very rural area where reception is always a big problem, even with a booster/repeater. If you're thinking about upgrading or getting a new cell phone, I can safely say that you won't be disappointed with the Samsung Galaxy S3. It is amazing!The only drawback is that it does not come with a user manual, which I think is essential, especially for a sophisticated product like this. Although the user manual is some 180 plus pages long, I think it should at least be offered to purchase. Unfortunately, all you can get from Samsung is an Adobe download of the manual, which of course is way too much to print.

Haven't had this phone for long but I love it..lots of bells and whistles.(I'll update later if that changesWas previously with virgin mobile, switched to boost for shrinking payments.(they're the same company)

I've had it about three weeks now and have nothing to complain about it. Still discovering new features every day, but does so much more and much better quality than me HTC EVO.Highly recommend and it's cheaper than the Samsung 4, which just seems to be gimmicky (who needs a cell phone to change the channel on a TV when most cable/dish companies already have apps to do that).

I purchased this phone by mistake and when I tried to cancel the order, the seller said I couldn't, EVEN THOUGH IT HADN'T ALREADY LEFT THEIR FACILITY. However, when I got the phone and took it to my cell phone service provider, they refused to activate the phone. WHAT THEY DON'T MENTION ABOUT THE PHONE ON AMAZON, IS THAT, IT DOES NOT USE SIM CARDS LIKE REGULAR GSM PHONES SINCE THE PHONE IS CDMA AND THE PHONE CANNOT BE UNLOCKED. IT'S JUST TERRIBLE!!!!!!

I love everything this phone can do but it is statically when im talking on it, sometimes I cant understand what they are saying I push th static button it has when you are talking on the phone but it still dnt clear up for me

I own HTC before and switch to samsung it is realy worth it faster phone good qality battery and it was bran new from the box. I live in NJ and work in NYC and boost mobile have good covarage in these areas

It's a good phone, but the sound or speakers are messed up my sister has the same phone and hers sound way better.

The phone is easy to navigate and has loads of features and extras! I highly recommend this phone to anyone!

What I expected and more! I love my new phone. I got it fast and installed it quickly. Best phone I've ever had

I recommend this Great Phone.price, Quality color and it's the perfect present for some one special thank Guys I recived the phone in great conditions and perfect time thank you so much...

Does everything I can think of. I watch Netflix, play games, check in on facebook, shop and even make phone calls. this is a great phone.

I Would Highly Recommend This Product To Everyone I Was So Impressed With The Condition Of The Phone I Was Sure That By The Pictures I Saw The Phone Would Not Look So Great But It Did Thank You So Much For Being So Professional I'm Truly A Very Happy Camper....

I love this phone. It look brand-new you cant even tell if its used phone or not!! And it was shipped on time!!!!

3 words, I love it! A few of my friends feel that the Samsung galaxy is better than the iPhone. I agree.

This phone out preforms all the others I have had and is a joy to use. Since it received the 4.3 Android upgrade I also purchased the Samsung Galaxy Gear and the devices are a wonderful combination. Would recommend this device to anyone.

I have yet to have a problem with this phone. I've had it since end of October and not problems at all. Love this phone. This is my first smart phone/droid.

The Samsung galaxy S3 is an excellent phone it was a much needed upgrade for me. the only reason i am not giving it a five star rating is because the boost mobile network has been failing almost every time i am at my house in Phoenix, Arizona. i get absolutely no connection. my last phone was a Samsung prevail from boost and i never had an issue with dropped calls or no connection from the towers. i have to go through the process of calling customer service every time i have this issue  with my S3 and most the time the fix the problem temporarily. within seconds of the issue being resolved it stops working again. once they couldn't even fix the issue and told me to wait a few days for it to start working again. i am frustrated with the mobile network.

Easy to activate. Got it on time, this S3 is also a newer version. It has got he data upgrade, and came with the Samsung mic earphones. Very satisfied.

I bought this a year ago and I absolutely love it!! Love all the free apps I can get on it and it's fun and easy to use!!

Great phone! Would recommend this phone to friends and family! Love the capability of this phone and the screen display. Battery life is not too bad either

first of all thank you amazon for making up my mind about this phone...selling it at 50..00 discount is genuis ...its what tipped me over the edge...i feel sorry for anyone who does not take advantage of this price...now on to the phone..I L O V E  luv it...lolits amazing..sleek smooth and multi functional...although i am a man and would have preferred the blue(which i hear is having some issues..the white wil work out ok...i have ordered a holster case combo from you and hope to have it today as we speak...people please get a cover case holster  for your s3.... look at it like an investment or like a new car...if u take care of it ...it will take care of UThanks again amazon...u definitely took it to the next level when it came to the promotion of the S3..done a way better job than samsung themselves...lolhappy n Ga.

They sent me phone that had scratches, scrapes, and didn't charge! If I'm paying 270.00 for a phone I want it too look right and charge properly!!

I've wanted a smartphone for a couple of years but I wasn't fond of paying a large amount of money for a phone. I got it for about $309 and for Boost, which is prepaid and no contract needed. I'm happy with the product since instead of using an itouch to hear music, a kindle to also hear music and use the web, a small brick phone for texts and calls, the galaxy is the whole package.

My son is super happy with his new phone .seller delivers with a great product at a reasonable price this is my second phone purchase from them and it won't be the last

Hello  I recieved the phone and I thought it would be in better condition.

Everything I was looking for in a phone and more. Amazon keeps on wowing me. Couldn't ask for anything more.

This order was left on the front door and disappeared.  I called into Amazon and notified them and they replaced the item immediately no questions asked.  that's the type of service you need especially during the Christmas season.  NO HASSLES..  great phone and great service.Thank you

Everything came a day early and works perfectly fine. If you want to get beyond your money's worth this is it.

battery life is horrible but other then that it's ok

I love the phone but not the battery. I takes too long to charge. Once it's fully charged it doesn't last.

It was a good transaction it went very smoothly. The phone was perfectly in good shape. The phone  was sealed and just like how they sell them online.

excellent phone, I'll recommend it to anyone and for the price I got it I fell I'd a great buy

Love this phone everything I was expecting and then some...fast smooth and reliable the battery last for 12 hours which is four hours more then my old Samsung.

The camera doesn't work the way it supposed to it keeps shutting down without provocation.  Not satisfied with my purchase at all

I bought it as a present for my niece, when she opened it package upon ckecking it out the volume up buttom was non functional, although the volume can be controled by touch screen it will be worth less money when traded for a galaxy 4 next year. I't functions/looks fine otherwise.Josephine Coyle

its starting to crash on some apps like chrome... but other than that its been great... the speed on navi could be better but yet again it is boost...

The Samsung SIII is a very good phone. It is one of two outstanding 4g LTE phones now available for Boost . Boost's LG F7 is a similar size with an equally large screen and the LG F7 matches the Samsung's quality.The higher price of the Samsung SIII may be justified for people who take lots of photos. The Samsung has a better camera than other Boost phones.Another advantage of the SIII over the LG F7 is that cases for the SIII are available everywhere. Amazon sells both the standard battery and extended life batteries. Many local "Fix In An Hour" shops carry replacement parts for the SIII.Lastly, the huge popularity of the SIII means that it will be easy to sell or trade when you buy yout next phone.Battery life is good if you disable "locations" and "Google Now" and turn OFF 3g data, wi-fi, gps and bluetooth until you need them.The Boost 3g network reaches 80% of American homes and its 4g LTE network reaches 30% of American homes. The coverage map at the Boost Mobile website enables you to zoom in and see the signal coverage for your neighborhood before you buy a Boost phone. Remember that many areas have ZERO Boost coverage.

It exceeded my expectations in every way. I am very satisfied with it's performance and ease of use. I would recommend it to friends and family.

A few have, but nothing that can't be overlooked. A lag on the keyboard occasionally. Other than a few glitches that remind me its refurbished it works wonderfully. Be sure to update the systems and whatnot when you get it otherwise once you activate it you won't get calls or texts.

My husband is very pleased ! He's like a kid with a new toy. It's fast, easy to use, large screen and many options. Down loading is easy and the security is great! Even I can't pry in it (yet).

i love this phone , boost mobile service its always been good to me! no complaints at all!id recomment it !!

I personally own a galaxy S4, but I had ordered this phone for a friend of mines daughter. She loves the phone it has all kinds of gadgets and tricks that it does. The screen is way bigger than the iPhone brand and it does alot more I highly recommend this phone to anyone thinking of switching to an android device

I love this phoneit does so many things is really hard to keep up with it, I am very satisfied with my galaxy3

This was a purchased gift it came ready with charger and able ready to activate. Phone WAS UP AND USABLE SAME DAY! Plan ready. Great gift and idea.I  love and shop amazon

The best decision I could have made when purchased this phone..... I love the speed and the storage it provides.

I love this phone. It's a great improvement over my galaxy rush. Love the 4.8 screen. Would have preferred the galaxy s4 but boost does not offer it as of yet. Strange how boost offers the IPhone 5c and 5s, but not the galaxy s4 which has been out almost a year. Even cricket and virgin mobile offer the galaxy S4. Simply Baffling. Anyway, battery life is not bad but could be better. Ended up  buying a laza 4200 mah battery extender and now get a full day of charge with heavy usage. Cant say anything bad other than there is no wireless tethering on this phone, but it can be fixed by simply rooting it, which I might consider doing once and if the android kit kat update is ever offered for this phone. Rumor has it that kit kat wont be available for galaxy s3 till this april. Oh Well In microsofts own word, &#34;deal with it.&#34;

Would recommend the Samsung galaxy s3. Very good phone. Very fast processor and the camera takes awsome pictures. Very satisfied with purchase.

I have more than 8 months waiting for my phone, and not where it is. I need to return my dollars since nadien gives me answer to that

so clear. big screen. gave hubby as birthday gift. HE LOVED IT! easy to use. great price! everywhere else was $50 more

Because its everything I have wanted and moree.. plus its a 4g lte phone. Boost mobile has the best plans

I've had it for a month no problems yet, we'll see down the road.I will say that even with using Pandora for a few hours and texting and using apps the battery lasts thru my 9 hour work day

Best phone ever. Didn't like the $10 cod I wasn't told about. Everything else was as described and didn't take long to get

I really like this phone and was choosing between this and the HTC One SV 4LTE. Even though that this phone is considerably more than the HTC, I still went for it. I am upgrading from a Samsung Galaxy Prevail (It was the first touch screen Android Smartphone that Boost offered in my market). So of course the difference is huge. But I am extremely satisfied with this phone. I mainly chose this one for the screen size (bigger) and it's 8mp(bigger) camera instead of the 5mp that HTC offers and the fact that the Samsung has twice the RAM (2gb vs 1gb)and twice the ROM (16gb vs 8gb) that the HTC offers and a higher dual core processor speed (1.5ghz vs 1.2ghz. Plus everybody that I know, and I mean everybody that I know (100% of them), that has a Samsung Galaxy sIII simply just loves their phone and I have not heard even one complaint of the 15 people or so that I know own one(on different cell providers).  However if Samsung had made this phone flash player capable I would have no quibbles. That fact is though, I have not needed it anyway. On the downside this phone does burn up some battery but then I've been playing video and using the battery like crazy since I've had it without one single freeze I might add or without having to download even an app. But the HTC offer's incredible battery life that at this stage I'd say it's a willing trade off for me. If you are pinching pennies this is probably not the phone for you. However if you want the best that Boost currently has to offer, then here it is.

I was very excited to get this phone since I heard it was supposed to be an awesome phone. I ordered this phone in Dec  my birthday present and low an behold all of a sudden it won't charge. I took it and since my return options expired on Jan 31st 2014 I have to go through the whole warranty with Samsung. Considering I've only had this phone for barley over 3 month and am already having major issues I am very disappointed. This model really lacks quality. I now have to charge the battery itself until I deal with Samsungs warranty. Even then there are no guarantees. When I took the phone in they said they doubt Samsung will cover the charging usb because that's the biggest complaint they have with the phone. I wish I would have known this major common issue prior.

because i dont know if is used , or new.i bought for new but i am having some troubles with the phone

At this moment I can't rate this item,the reason is that I'm sending the phone back, because I want to use out of U.S and hadtrouble to get it connected to mobil carrier, because it wasn't the international version.

This phone is very nice and its quick. Love it have absolutely no problems with this phone. Has been the greatest phone I've ever owned.

I find it difficult to hear as the sound is tinny and garbled. I did not have this problem with my Galaxy Prevail which was two and a half years old.

I've been a Boost customer for years. Generally, I find their service to be solid, so long as I don't need to call customer service. Good news is, I've rarely had the need to deal with them directly. I think customer satisfaction was a casualty of Shrinkage, but it's a fair trade for 40 bucks a month.I've never had an issue with Boost's coverage; no dropped calls, though data was occasionally sluggish. Now with this new Galaxy S3, my Boost experience is the best it's ever been. This phone is flat out amazing. Web and email load fast. Apps download quickly. Menus are snappy and responsive. The phone is just a pleasure to work with, all the way around. It's clear why this is Samsung's flagship smartphone. It's just that good.The camera is outstanding. There's virtually no delay after snapping a pic. Flicking through the galleries is equally a pleasure and silky smooth. The processor in this thing is clearly more than capable of handling the OS and multiple tasks seamlessly. I haven't seen a hiccup or glitch yet.The screen itself is outstanding. Outdoors, it does need to be brightened up a tad, but nothing unexpected. Everything is vibrant and crystal clear. Saturation is rich. Touch responsiveness is very accurate. Actually, the keyboard is very easy to work with. I seem to be  pecking away with better accuracy than any of my other phones, with fewer messed up words and garbledy-gook.The body is quite thin and a bit of an adjustment, at least for me. But I got aZeroLemon 7000mAh Extended Batterythat supposedly lasts for days, so that will add some thickness. But I don't mind. I prefer having a little more to hang onto, and would rather not be on perpetual battery watch. Well worth the trade off in my world.This phone has way more features and capabilities than I even understand. I've decided to leave the screen tips active for now so that I can be reminded of all this phone can do. But it's all very inviting and easy to learn; just a lot to take in all at once. But for sure I won't get bored with it anytime soon. This phone will keep me captivated for a while, and for sure I'll be learning new things it can do on a daily basis. But I look forward to that; it's the fun part of getting a great phone like this one.The Samsung Galaxy S3 isn't cheap, but is well worth the purchase price, in my opinion. This is easily the best phone I've ever owned. Very happy with it indeed and glad I decided to treat myself to such a great phone. It's a whole new experience to the clunkers I'm used to. Can't say enough good about it. Love it!

Great phone but can be very sensitive to touch.  This can cause problems such as disconnection, putting phone on mute or conference call.  Other than that I think it is a good choice for a android phone that has all the features one would need.

Love this phone bought 1 for my wife one for me. Might upgrade to s5 later but love this s3 phone wife loves it too

Thank you Amazon for shipping me my phone so fast,a day after xmas :) now this is one of the best boost mobile phones that I've ever owned its very fast on 3G and 4G LTE and for 55 a month with shrinkage you cant go wrong and with the 4.3 jellybean update it flawless its rumor that boost is getting the Note II & the S4 too I'm pleased with the S3 i might get the IPhone 5S this spring

was lot more then I expected very pleased with my new phone little high on price but am extremely happy with my new handheld power house...short of making coffee in the morning its every thing I wanted and much more...

This phone is exactly what I was looking for. It keeps up with my demands. I recommend it if you are on boostmobile.

The phone shuts off without notice and hard to turn it back on, don't know why. Am really missing a lot of calls.

No complaints with the Samsung Galaxy SIII itself. It is a quality product and very powerful. Boost Mobile as a service provider is definitely second or third tier compared to the major providers. The service was spotty or non-existent in my area. I would not recommend this service provider to anyone.

I purchased this phone as a christmas gift for my fiance. Initially, the phone worked great. I'm a Note II user and my fiance wanted a phone that worked similar but on Boost.After 3 months of use, the charging port failed. So we did what any consumer would and sent it to the manufacturer for repair. After ten days, Samsung returned the product but nothing was fixed. Samsung IT decided the charging port was lifted from the motherboard and the cost of repair exceeded the value of the phone. What was most disturbing is the device was in excellent condition, never dropped, always used the provided Samsung charger, never forced the micro USB in, or yanked it out. Samsung didn't care though. They didn't even bother to offer some sort of discount on a new phone, considering it was obvious the phone was well taken care of.A company that does not show regard for it's consumer doesn't deserve business.Summary:Beware, save your $300.00 and do not buy this phone. Sadly, Samsung does not back their products.
