
This phone is just what you need FOR THE BUDGET! It has everything you need! the camera is just above average but what's most surprising is the high speed this phone has! Damn I can play all kinda games and the are smooth. The only thing i dont like is the front camera (VGA) and the major disadvantage is that my screen broke (i fell off while skateboarding) and there's no way to fix but to buy a new phone! Phone still working fine but screen broken!

I bought a total of three of these phones. These phones seem very finicky. I had to do a battery pull just to get the Bluetooth working. I gave one to a friend, and hers will do all sorts of things while in her pocket. Even while the screen is supposed to be locked. I'm just not really sure buying these phones was such a good idea. Some people mention call quality as great, but I was talking to a relative and had to essentially yell into the phone for them to hear me. I realize I'm far away, but I shouldn't have to yell for them to hear me.

Both orders I placed with the seller " Blutek USA" arrived on time and were obviously new products just as advertised. They came with all that was promised. The first cell phone was a Samsung Captivate which was )is_ an excellent phone for the budget-minded buyer. I was thrilled with the phone but someone else thought it was pretty cool to and stole it from me. I was devastated. I replaced the phone with another I ordered from a different seller and it just had too many issues Amazon let me return it no fuss and promptly refunded me by way of Amazon gift card of equal value including my (return) shipping costs) IMPRESSIVE!! I then decided to order the the BLU DASH 4.5 because by the time I got around to replacing the Captivate the price had jumped out of my range. After careful research and reading many reviews, I decided that this phone (BLU DASH) was worth a try. It had some features the Captivate did not have and the  BLU DASH price was even less than the SAMSUNG Captivate!  Order was delivered as promised on time and exactly as advertised. I love this phone, it has worked for me right out of the box to fit all my needs, long battery life, easy connectivity with T Mobile and WIFI. BTW: Very fast internet speeds on WIFI.  The Dash has bells and whistles I am still discovering daily and it is lightweight yet feels solid and well built. Android system is great( if not the most current). I will update it (or try to) and then update this review. But even if it does not update, I am happy with it because by the time I really NEED an updated version I will likely be buying a new phone anyway.When I do, I will buy another Blu phone and will ALWAYS choose this seller! Thanks Blutek!UPDATE  UPDATE  UPDATEI have had the Blue Dash phone now for several months with ZERO issues. Sure the volume is a little low for my liking but that is my only complaint. This is the very first time I have felt compelled to update an online review. I am so happy with this purchase. Terrific Value/Great Phone!  DO NOT HESITATE.

I am really reviewing the phone hardware and not the Android OS or apps. Even though the software is a factor in the overall experience, I think it best I weigh the software at only 5% of this review.An unlocked Dual SIM GSM phone, with Quad core processor, decent enough RAM and storage. Add a 5MP camera and 4G for under $150. WOW. That is really something. It makes you wonder if you are paying for the name when you buy other phones. The build quality is excellent. A rubber case, earbuds and screen protector came in the box. The overall electronics makes for a fast, smooth experience with the user interface. The only thing slightly below par is battery life (1 day) and the camera. You will need a well lit subject and steady hands to get the best out of this as the flash is limited as it is with most phones.It's nice that I don't have to cut the SIM cards and that it accommodates two (no longer need two phones for work and personal use). I was torn between a 4" and a 4.5" display and am happy I went with the 4.5" as it has enough real estate to view everything well and still fit comfortably in my hand. The display is very clear even in direct sunlight (using auto adjust), and the audio is very clear with phone calls. The proximity sensor is also an excellent addition so that you don't get "key presses" with your cheek while on a call.There's probably a law against asking for more at this price point.Update: 27 Feb 2014: The battery life with normal use is about 2 days. When I just received the phone I was installing apps etc therefore the battery only lasted one day. Also, beware two things ...[] With my purchase, the screen protector is an extra one. My phone came with a screen protector already attached to the phone.[] On my phone, the rubber case causes the screen protector to lift. Not sure why and I'm not sure what I will do about this in the long run. I have taken the rubber case off for the moment but this leaves the buttons exposed and therefore easy to press.

i bought for my wife and she likes this phone. for the price is very goog. BLU is a good celular phone. they have good products

Great phone, the best for the price and screen brite the only flaw Is that need more RAM memory nothing more

Good phone.

Very good excellent product

i love this phone but the only thing is there is no led light to show you have messages and the phones vibration isnt that loud.  video calls arent that clear either. but other than that i'm pretty satisfied with this phone.

This has been the worst purchase I have ever made from amazon.  Nothing works properly, now I can't even get my e-mail on the phone.Most of the time when I get a call the phone does not ring and I miss the call. Sometimes when I turn on the phone it is searching for a network.If you will allow me to return the phone I will do it in a yankee minute.  How do I go about returning the phone and getting my money back?

Not a verified purchase because a friend bought it from Amazon, then figured out she could use her unlocked old iphone 4 for international travel. So I bought it from her at a discount. This is a great value. I put in a Straight talk ATT sim in the deep slot (this one does HSPA+) and a T Mobile Walmart $30 sim in the shallow slot (only does 2G)  and booted it up. The ATT ST sim imported the old ST APN and could not connect. I input the newer ST ATT APN settings and it worked fine. T Mo settings were loaded perfectly. It is very easy to switch phone, SMS, or data between sims and mix and match with the sim management button.We live in a major city on the 25th floor downtown. My wife has a google nexus 4 with a HSPA+ ATT prepaid sim. Side by side with speedtest, the nexus 4 was Ping-376, down-1.67 Mbps, up-1.06 Mbps. The Dash blu 4.5 on ST ATT was ping-115, down- 2.13 Mbps, up- 1 Mbps. I got about the same speed on the Dash with the T MO sim in the deep slot. Fast enough but not LTE as expected. the feel was very nice. Actually better than my old google nexus. the screen display was as good as the nexus 4 to me. checking speeds on the home wifi the nexus 4 and dash blu were virtually identical. There is a micro sd slot. After I got my essential apps loaded, you can select your default write disk under storage. My "total space" says .98 GB. My Phone storage says "Total space" 1.80 GB. My SD says 2.95 GB available. I am using a Walmart generic leather holder for this that cost $8. Call volume and clarity and very good.Edit- You need to enable all the extra stuff for GPS to work well. Long press GPS and click all the buttons. After that GPS boots up as fast as the Google nexus 4, using Google maps, and Waze.Edit 21 days later- Still working well and the shell compares well to my G note 2 and my wifes Nexus 4. GPS boots a tiny bit slower. You can change the battery.

For what this phone gives you for just over 100, I am completely impressed. I feel like if I broke this tomorrow it would still be worth it.  Partly because I do wonder what the real quality is, but yet it performs well and was a great value.  I don't want another contract and the costs of a good smartphone without a contract are outrageous.  This BLU brand has a lot of decent phones for the money.  I like that the specs are spelled out and you know what you're getting.  My previous phone was motorola and they stopped updating the OS for me :( a few android versions back.  So I don't feel that you need a name brand to ensure future updates.  It's a crapshoot.  But this starts out current and so it's a good upgrade for me.Screen looks nice, HD youtube watching has been smooth, including the new youtube user interface.  So this phone is fine with HD video.  That said, the screen isn't huge, but it doesn't look pixely or anything.I haven't found any faults and I got what I expected so I give this my full rating.

This phone is good for the price it only problem I have it freezes up from time to time but other them that its good

Having just started college, I needed a cell phone to save on long distance costs.  I ONLY wanted an unlocked phone.  I choose this phone over the nexus 4 because the Nexus' successor was slated to come out in the fall. (It should be out by the end of October '13.)  So this phone was 130 dollars vs. the 300 plus shipping and sales tax from Google.  I've got pros and cons, so might as well start with the good:Pros:1. From the outside it looks like a much more expensive phone.2. I can make calls, texts, and use the internet easily with my gosmart mobile plan.  I needed an unlocked phone.3. There is an SD slot.4. There is an FM radio chip.5. There is a GPS chip.6. The display seems good when you use it. (When compared to my Nexus 7, it's lacking)7. I didn't break the bank to buy it, and when the Nexus 5 comes out in 2 weeks, I won't feel bad about buying it.8. Good battery - I can normally use it for two days without a charge.Cons:1. Cheap feeling back cover and screen.  The screen is plastic, and you can tell.2. GPS takes quite some time to get a fix on your location, and DOES NOT WORK INSIDE AT ALL. This is probably my biggest issue with this phone, since I use gps often.3. No proximity sensor, only ambient light.  This phone uses ambient light to determine if your face is against the phone.  If it's sunny outside, you run the risk of the screen turning on and pushing buttons with your face, and disrupting the call.  Very annoying.4. Small amount of memory.  The processor is fast, but running too many things at once will bog it down very quickly.5. Un-reliable battery percentage.  If you are at 20%, it can charge to 80% in about 10 mins.  The lower and upper 20 percents seem weighted heavily, and I don't really trust the battery percentage.Overall - If you're looking for a low cost unlocked phone, this is a good choice.  It will not rival any other new phone on the market - be prepared for that.  That being said, the lack of proximity sensor is a real pain in the neck.  Please ensure that this will not bother you before buying this phone.

you get what you paid for. I use this phone with Straight Talk plan, it works okay so far. the only thing I don't like about this phone is the GPS navigation function. No satellite signal even in a bright sunny day, so you can imagine my frustration. However, I highly recommend for people who only need a basic smart phone.

I used two sims from t-mobile in the phone.  And has a Micro SD card inserted.The phone could not place calls, but would give me a message that the call was not sent because the number was not valid.  But the numbers were valid.  It gave me this message on every call.  Funny thing is that after giving me the message it would dial and successfully connect the call about 50% of the time.It also did not have sufficient resources to do something as simple as play an audio book using the audible app.  It would start playing then just shut off after a few minutes of play.  I tested this with bluetooth, a headset, and using the phones speaker.When the phone would time out and lock the screen the whole screen would flicker between the lock screen and whatever app I had running in the background.The phone speaker sounded scratchy when playing audiobooks.I returned it for a refund.

This was a replacement for the Blu Dash 4.0 which was a piece of junk (you can see my review on Amazon).I use AT&T; and have had a Samsung Galaxy Y Pro Duos that only got 2G/Edge. This connects quickly and I can get 3G H+.So far I'm extremely happy, everything is working as it should. The battery life has been great.I must say that I do not use my phone for entertainment purposes. I don't stream movies or surf the net and I'm not using games or recreational apps. I'm strictly using it for work e-mail, calendar and phone usage. I also haven't had the need for GPS.I will update if something changes, I'm keeping my fingers crossed that it won't die out on me or start messing up anytime soon.

It served the purpose that I ordered it for .  I needed to travel overseas and performed as expected. The price was right.

works quite well with AT and T excellent with emulators and other apps. great expandability with micro sd card. light weight great picture quality excellent battery life of over 5 hrs. excellent signal quality. on board sound could have been loader but still pretty good. excellent value for the price paid.

Great low cost phone! Voice quality is good and it runs android 4.2 very smoothI will always buy blu

Well this is my first android phone so what can I say... it has enough space for all the apps that I want ( which only amounts to like 10 tops), the camera is fine ( back) the front camera is terrible though u don't even bother using it. the flash is not very bright and most times u need to have good lighting. otherwise its pretty cool. I tried using the Samsung 3 cases etc with it, its ok as accessories are a bit hard to find.

great phone. works as described, hard to get the back off. uses a full size sim had to buy an adaptor, have it on straight talk took 1 min. to activate online, got the settings off u-tube for the at&t network..

I liked the phone, it worked well for the price, but I had to return it. One week after I received the phone, I started to have problems with the screen going completely white. I was able to get the display back, but a white screen is a sure sign of a defect.

I've only had this phone a couple days but I must say I'm really impressed. The battery is at 68% with almost 2 days use. I'll admit, I haven't used the phone to talk during this time, but I have downloaded a bunch of apps, taken photos, posted them to instagram, twitter, etc, and have been texting a bit. I know the phone battery is new, but my last phone's (which I got just one year ago) battery was terrible. I didn't even use the wifi and I'd need to charge it every other day. So anyway, this phone looks very similar to many of the smartphones out there right now. It is slick. It does need a 32G micro sd card for ultimate use, but I have a 2G card in now and it's doing fine. I have gotten a couple low memory errors, but it hasn't shut my phone down or any apps or anything. I have been using just wifi at the moment, until I get the data plan, but it works great with my wifi at home and work!So again, first impressions: not your average "cheap" smartphone, it's actually very nice. My last smartphone was thick and bulky and the touch was not that great, but it was cheaper so I thought it would work out. This phone was only $30 more than that and it's way better. Nice and thin and a larger screen, and again, looks like your more expensive smartphones. I will happily be upgrading to one of Blu's more expensive models in the next year or so if this phone keeps pleasing me as much as it has in the first few days! Plus it's designed in the USA.. I wish it were made here, but what phones are these days?

Pay attention to the other negative reviews. I should have.I experienced the same issues reported by others - random reboots, phone would lock up while typing, battery would inexplicably drain from 100% to 43% as soon as I removed the charger. And this is before installing any Android apps.Pity. It's a nice looking phone.

I wanted to have a 2 sim card phone, one for Bell my Canadian carrier and one for H2O in the US.  I did a lot of homework to make sure that I ordered the correct model, that is model D310a which has the HSDPA 850/1900, the frequencies that Bell uses.The phone has the following:sim1 - WCDMA/GSMsim2 - GSMIt does not work on either sim card for the Bell network.  I only expected it to work on sim1 but it did not.  And I got no sympathy from Bell as they don't carry this phone even though when I entered the IMEI number on their web site it says that it was supported. So take note.  As a peace offering they gave me a credit of $75 as their web site was in error. Incidentally, it is difficult to get an IMEI number when you don't have the phone so I don't know why they would provide this service.  The IMEI number is contained in the back of the phone under the battery or in memory if the phone is running.  Therefore it is impossible to get before deciding which phone to buy, especially on the web.  BTW, it will work for Rogers.

I bought this phone to replace my son's iPhone 4 which stopped working in less than a year. So far he has no complaints . It does what he wants it to do and he doesn't miss the iPhone which cost more than twice as much

I absolutely would definitely recommend these phones to anyone who wants a good phone for a very reasonable price. Great buy

The dash does not have enough built in SD storage to install any apps of worth. The display is very basic, its fine for apps and web, but you will notice quality in comparison to a 720 or 1080P display with a more dense ppi.Having said that, if you do not download a lot of apps or just use very basic ones, this is a great phone.Its fast for sure,speaking about the network speed as well as the phone processing power utilizing apps. 3D is lacking, but you didnt buy this phone if you wanted to game.The SD card inside of it is lighting fast, fastest I've ever used.Highly recommend the 'Jellyburst' custom ROM for this phone.

I've had this phone for over a month now, not a single problem. I've even dropped it a couple times with no negative effect. It's twice as fast as my Samsung S2. It doesn't feel as robust in my hand as the S2 and that's the only real downside. Oh, the camera sucks. It was cheaper to buy this brand new phone than it was to just fix the broken screen on my old phone.

Mine decided to shut off and begin bootloops after installing one program.  Then a fatal problem.  The device doesn't not get enough power from the plug to run without the battery. This combines with the fact that it autoboots when plugged-in.  i.e., if your battery dies completely, you can never recharge it.  And you can't turn it off completely to let it charge.  Fortunately learned this quickly and sent it back and got a Nexus4.

I love it. A good value for the android phone market. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a new phone without paying hundreds of bucks for JUST the phone itself.

Bought this to use as a travel phone, works well good reception, fast processor. You;d think I'd give it a four or five star but the whole dust in screen thing really irritates me. I mean they used decent parts and the specs are great, but they could have spent a little more time on QC to make sure that the screen is sealed properly.Pros:Comes with screen protector and caseBack cover comes off easilyCons:Dust enters the screen very easily (i was dust free about 3 days and then blammo it looks like the stars at night when my phone is off), in fact the dust has rendered the selfie camera useless.

It has all the apps from google play double sim card i travel a lot to mexico so i use movistar,and tmobile i stream movie tv shows and its brand new not like my iphone 3gs used and it burns the sim card,The screen is 4.5 it is very light weight,i feel the phone fragile, i mean for moore i cought buy the tank but i did not have moore,try to be xtra careful on handling the cellphone looking foward to buying moore from blu.

Slow unless on wi-fi , no notificiations light poor camera. Would not recommend unless your looking for a basic 3G phone.

This is the fastest inexpensive cell phone I have ever used.  I was worried about it only having 512 RAM but so far it has not been a problem.++++ FAST!  The quad core processor is a joy.+++  Good user experience--  no 5ghz wifi - One of the reasons I picked this phone is it listed 802.11a.  It will not see my 5ghz wifi.--  Battery life:  The battery life for phone calls is OK. But when you start kicking that quad core processor, it eats the battery.----  Charging:  I have a decent car charger.  But the car charger will barely charge the phone.  It takes forever.----  Headphone jack:  At first I thought the phone was broken because I could only get half volume on my favorite headphones unless I pressed the mute button.  The phone uses an OMTP jack not the standard CITA/AHJ jack.  If you want to use other headphones, you will want a OMTP/CITA adapter.If you want a fast phone and can live with the limitations listed above, I can recommend this phone.

The phone looks great on paper, and when it is working it is a good value for the money. However the phone freezes frequently when you are texting or trying to use more than one ap. I would avoid this product.

Great phone iam satisfied whit my new phone I recomen this phone y really like for the price buy is ok

Take my suggestion. Try this phone. BluProducts have got their formula correct. They give you the bells and whistles of the most advanced phone out there at a price which makes you wonder why they are selling the phone for such a low price.  My comments may seem as though I work for BluProducts and that's why but don't take my word for it. Try it once and you will never look back. Unlocked phones are the future. You choose which carrier is the best, you choose the carrier that gives you the best service. The carrier works hard to make sure you get the best service and bandwidth.The BluDash 4.5 packs more power and features than most high end phones in the market today. This phone performs like a Pro. The customer service was courteous and ready to help in any way possible. They are based in Florida and I got all my queries answered within two rings and a 5 minute conversation. I would recommend this phone!!

Took me a little bit to learn but know that I have the hang of it I love it. I even recommended it to my mother and mother in law they both have it now.

I have had this phone for about 5 months now and in those 5 months, the phone has become slower from the time I received it. The 4GB cannot be able to facilitate a person that needs his social networks along with the occasional Temple Run 2. It is not 4G as stated in the description and this makes me feel sad. I wish that they would have given me a full refund of this phone because it's not living up to my expectations of a cheap Android phone. I'd rather buy a Moto G with the money. Another issue that I'm having is that it is not upgrading to KitKat in coming May. I do not like having old software on my devices so this also makes me feel that I wasted my money. The phone has now become unresponsive to me and has dust in the corner of the screen.I guess that I have to buy another phone. For my first Android, this has got to be the worst one yet.UPDATE: 15.04.2014 - I realized that dust has now entered the screen of the device and I don't know how ! My suggestion: DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ! I'd recommend buying a Moto G 8GB/16GB and then a Meenova Mini MicroSD Card Reader for Android for extra space ! That's what I'm going to do !Link : [...]

Quality build. good battery life.very responsive. 0 lag. Better than expected. The 512ram doesnt seem to be an issue at all. Love it.

I have a blu Magic, and i'd like to say this phone isn't even in the same universe as that one, its sooo much better. the specs make it sound great for a budget phone and it is indeed. It runs android 4.2.1, in a near stock configuration. It has 1 gig of memory for apps, 2 gigs for music and videos and such, 1 gig for system, and support for SD cards. The camera is 5MP and is just decent, there are a LOT of 5MP cameras that blow this one out of the water. looks like they still haven't fixed tat issue. Gaming on this phone is great, with GTA Vice city running smoothly with the settings turned up as high as they can go. I even ran quadrant benchmark, and it turns out this is faster (not better) than the Google Galaxy nexus., which scored around 2200 to this scoring 3916. Highly recommended.

This a high value phone - you get a lot, but don't pay much for all the features it offers.Others have complained about the speaker quality and I experienced the same issues - sounds like an old AM radio.  However, the Bluetooth works well, so if you couple this device with a high quality Bluetooth headset, it works terrific.The dual SIM card design can be a challenge for your local phone store clerks.  My T-Mobile crew had never seen a dual SIM design and were confused, until they realized that a single card could be inserted without affect on the second slot.  Also, the alerts about the second card being empty can be annoying, but it only occurs on reboot.

Returned this phone as it did not perform very well. It has all the right stuff, but the operating system is slow and clunky. The wifi connection kept dropping, and never could get the data connection to work (Consumer Cellular, which uses AT&T; network).Phone was unlocked as stated, so that was not the issue

This is just a good phone at a great price. I like it so much I bought another. I gave them to my kids while they are out.

It works well out of the box and for the price you can't beat it! But, after you start loading apps, the ram fills up and programs start crashing and things get really slow. With no apps installed it only has about 150mb free ram and once you install a few apps it gets below 100mb free.  That's when things slow down.  If BLU re-released this phone with 1gb of ram it would be perfect.Pros:Dual sim works great!Price!!4GComes with case and screen protectorBattery lifeCons:Not enough ram!Screen viewing angles not very good

This device is very new so I hope that this review will help other folks.I spent few weeks deciding on which phone to buy.The device is based on latest System on Chip MT6589 by Mediatek. Before buying this phone I considered buying a device based on the same chip from China, but BLU offers very competitive pricing and at the same time there is some chance of getting support given that the company is US based.The only shortcoming of this device I could see before buying it, was 512MB of memory, which some experts consider too low. I have couple of more Android devices which also have 512MB and they seem to work fine, so I decided to take risk. Again, given that the phone ships from USA, I would have a much better chance of returning it.I received it today and so far I am very happy with it.I plugged in AT&T; SIM and the phone immediately recognized it and connected to the network.Connecting to WiFi was also very simple. So far I have not experienced WiFi disconnects I have with my Samsung Tab 2 7.Next test was installing a planetarium  software SkySafari. This software shows frames per second so it can be a good benchmark. BLU scored around 20fps, where as  Samsung Tab 2 7 was scoring around 2fps.Display is very bright with good contrast.The only thing which worries me a little is that the battery seems to be draining pretty fast, although this could be just because I did not charge it properly.I will update this review once I use the device more.

This phone is ok.  I wish I had spent a little to get something better.  I use it without a data plan, and it mostly functions as I would like, using wifi.The CPU/memory performance is mostly good, except occasionally it gets sluggish, and a reboot helps clear things up.  Firefox will often crash, so I tend to stick to Dolphin browser, which does better on the small memory footprint here.My BIG problem is with the faulty sensors. The specs declare GPS with A-GPS support, accelerometer, gyro, proximity, and compass.  However, ...1) GPS has NEVER, EVER worked for me without a data connection.  Ever.2) I have never seen the compass work (I use a GPS status app).  I believe the magnetometer doesn't work (or work well enough?).3) Using Sensor Box, the orientation sensor appears to be there, but non-functional.  No movement is detected by the sensors.4) Using sensor Box, the gyro is blocked out, implying it doesn't exist or is broken.All of this is confirmed by other apps, such as those you might use for astronomy.  The one I am using can detect the phone's angle vertically, but can't detect it when I rotate horizontally.  I believe its trying to use the compass to get my horizontal bearing, and it can't.All of this points to quality control issues.My second BIG problem is the dust under the screen.  It started after about 3 or 4 months as tiny dust particles in the upper corners of the screen.  They've now grown into larger clouds that a spreading toward the center of the screen and threaten to meet in the middle.  It's not terribly visible when the display is on and showing something bright.  It's more of an annoyance when the phone is dark or off.I feel like this is a another quality issue.So, next time, I will spend a little more money and get the next model up.  In retrospect, it doesn't make sense to save $50 on a purchase I hope will last two years.

I've had this for a few days now and I'm blown away.  Like most, I was skeptical of the 512MB RAM but so far it hasn't been an issue.  Also, I'm not a gamer or video watcher on my phone so that may make a difference.  It connects to At&t;'s (via Net10) hspa+ network and is quite fast.  Also, it has a tethering/mobile hotspot feature that I didn't know about, and it works.  The screen does have a bit of a blue/cool tint to it.  Also, I haven't really figured out the camera yet.  Some pictures are good and some aren't, and I don't really know how to make it focus.  The only issue I'm having so far is with the GPS.  I don't know if it is something wrong with the phone or outside circumstances, but I haven't been able to get it to work.  For that reason, I may be returning it and getting a new one.Overall, for the cheap price and the cheap service through Net10, this is a great phone! It makes me laugh and all the idiots that spend $$$ for a Galaxy4 or Iphone and then get locked into a contract for a way higher monthly price than I pay.

this phone didnt have any direcetions but was easy to figure out. works great. i would recomend for others to buy.,

The phone itself is great. It is fast and looks good and works well. The only reason to watch out is that Amazon sent me the wrong version of the phone. I received the i (international) version so I could not get 3g/hspa+ data speeds. This is not blu's issue it is amazon's. Check it and return it before even opening it if you have the issue.

Now, I'm very happy with this device because it's working fine. Although I have to do some fixes to get it.At first, the 512 RAM memory was too short to manage applications that require social networking. I had to root the phone with a chinese app to get more speed and performance. After that, it became a fast cell phone. Now I can use Facebook, Waze and Whatsapp at the same time, that is what I wanted.One complain: the earphones input came broken and I didn't realized until a month after having it. I have to push the plug sidewards to hear something. I wrote to BLU products and they showed responsibility, but they told me to send the phone back to Miami to repair or change it. I live in Peru and that's impossible for the moment, so, I will not use the hands free. By the way, the earphones have a very bad sound. Not suitable for music.If I have to choose, I'd choose BLU again because the relation quality price, but hoping to be lucky for the next purchase and geting a good quality earphones.

I was shopping for a phone for my father in law to replace his old fashioned flip phone but I didn't want to spend a lot of money and I ran across this phone by coincidence.  I was looking for something that was a good starter phone in the smart phone arena that had similar specs as the samsung galaxy light which is a very good branded starter phone.  I had purchased one for my mom and I played with that phone and was very impressed with the android jelly-bean platform as it compared to the apple ios.  The only problem with that phone was that it was pricey to purchase out right at $240 for someone that would never use all of the smart phone features.  However, it was a good gamble and my mom is now crossed over into the 21st century.  But with regard to my father in law, I wanted something equally impressive but pay less, so i was looking for similar specs.  Now I was skeptical of BLU because most of the off-brand android stuff that has been put out there is usually junk so I wanted to see this before I bought it.  I  noticed that the local tigerdirect had them in stock so i went out to look at it.  Now this phone is not out on display so you have to ask for it and they will pull it out for you.  Also, with any purchase from Tigerdirect, once you buy the phone, you cannot return it.  So lots of gambles here.  But since the price was about the same as on Amazon, i went ahead and purchased it for about $120.  This phone is everything it says it is and more.  It has the same look and feel as the samsung with some pretty impressive bells and whistles.  The only thing I find that it lacks is screen resolution but this is how they keep the phone down in price.  So long as you aren't looking for a retina display to watch movies, this phone has all of the features you would want int a phone.  it is fast, large screen, good operating system, and overall a good starter phone in the android arena.  For the price, it is fantastic.  The dual sim slots are bonus for those that want to travel abroad or simply have a work phone and home phone in one unit.  It comes with a case and a screen protector which only adds to the value.  The sim card is a standard sim and not one of the micro sims so it is was easy to take the old sim from the flip phone and just install it in the BLU phone.

It's great for the price. The only problems are you can't see the screen outside and the speaker on calls could be louder.

I've used this phone for a while now and I'm pretty happy with it.  Much snappier than my old android phone and the screen is not bad.  Not bad also is the battery life, I'm a pretty heavy user of the phone and the battery lasts all day for me.  What I don't like is that I can't find a protective case for it.  Also it is pretty annoying to open up the phone to put in a battery or sim card.  I think Blu has done good with this value phone but for sure we need to have a case for it.  The opening up you only do rarely for inserting new sims or swapping out the battery which, as I said, pretty darn good.

I purchased two (2) of these items. Both were defective. My first handset had a dead pixel, while the second has an area of screen that does not respond to touch. I will return both, but am out ~$300 until refunded.Additionally, battery life was disappointing; the device would barely last a day in standby. Furthermore, the device is not compatible with Verizon Wireless (or any any virtual networks that rely on Verizon's).On the positive side, the device came with almost no junk software. It performed smoothly, running Android 4.2 with no noticeable lag. The camera was fine for my casual pics.The specs offer a great value for the price, if you get a fully functional device.

I was all prepared to love this phone except, it has issues.  It stopped working, would not turn on.  I had to take the battery out and restart the phone.  The battery was still at 37%, nothing I did wrong.  This is a complete deal breaker.I really liked the phone, perfect size, grip, features.  The problem is just not something I can ignore.

works quite well with AT and T excellent with emulators and other apps. great expandability with micro sd card. light weight great picture quality excellent battery life of over 5 hrs. excellent signal quality. on board sound could have been loader but still pretty good. excellent value for the price paid.

Bought this to use as an alternative to an ipod since I currently live in Japan, and haven't regretted since. The 512 Mb of RAM I thought would make it suffer but I haven't noticed any lag because of it. I've played Minecraft and a SNES emulator with no problem. I'm hoping Android 4.4 will be available to it to give up a little more RAM to operate with. Screen is beautiful and the quad-core is really fast. Definitely worth it for a solidly built and inexpensive phone.

Note: works on T-Mobile quite well (the &#34;a&#34; model).  Doesn't do 4g, but then t-mobile only allows a few phones to do that on their network.My issue with this one was that the gps function was defective.  It may have been a bad chip, a bad antenna, or maybe a bad design.  It would lose gps signals in an open field on a clear day.Otherwise, quite solid, good screen, decent battery life, quick enough function.  For the price, an extremely robust phone.

I've had the phone for a month, and it is not working now. Vibration malfunction, sound malfunction, calls are sent randomly, music plays with out taking the phone put of my pocket. It has a lot of app errors. I'm reallly disappointed :( I needed this phone, and didn't even get half of the specifications for the price.

you get what you pay for.Good phone but next until a i get it my front camera no work anymore. i'm from Venezuela so i can't sent it to USA to change this phone

Only been using for 1 day, so this is more of first impressions at this point.  I will update with more information as needed.Came with wall charger, screen protector, headphones, and a separate package including a USB car charger and cable (unexpected).  Overall impressions are very positive so far.  Screen looks pretty good.  Access to micro-sd without removing the battery.  Very fast boot time.  Nice feel and weight.  Almost NO crapware pre-installed.  Dual-SIM is really awesome (I will spend some more time on that later).  Call quality seems fine, maybe a little quiet hearing the other party, but average.  Haven't found a way to keep the capacitive buttons illuminated, but I'm trying to fix that with 3rd party app now.  Camera isn't the best, especially in low light.  I think this is party due to a pretty weak flash.  Battery life isn't too great, but I think that's because I haven't really put it down yet.I will go into detail on a few features I think are significant below:Dual-SIM.  This is the first dual-sim phone I've had, so I'm not sure if these features are stock android or added in by BLU.  Very nice feature.  Only one will support WCDMA/GSM the 2nd is GSM only.  You can decide which SIM to use for the three functions (voice, text, data) or you can have it ask you each time.  So when I go to make a call, it will ask me which sim to use (which is essentially which number you want the other person to see).  This is really cool.  I have a feeling this may be impacting my battery life, as it is running 2 radio simultaneously.  Very cool for people who currently have a work and a personal phone, and would like to consolidate.Network Speeds:  I use AT&T;, and it seems they don't give much love to data speeds on their HSPDA network.  With full signal, I am only getting 1Mb/500Kb speeds.  Not a huge deal, but it is noticeable coming from their LTE network.  I have a feeling the T-Mobile speeds will be much, much better.  Maybe a work AT&T; SIM for voice/text and a T-Mobile SIM to use for data with the 30/month package they have would be almost perfect.Settings:  It seems there isn't as much flexibility in the settings.  This could change as I continue using it, but here are a couple of examples of things I was looking for and couldn't find.  Capacitive touch buttons light timeout (it seems really short, and I almost never see them lit).  Notification options on home screen - there are the jelly bean notification widgets available, but I was looking for a little more.  Quick unlock to apps - looks like it wants to let me add things to unlock and go directly into, but I can't figure out how to add them.  Wifi Tethering - It works great, and is easily configurable.So all in all, I have to give it 4 stars (for now).  You are getting a whole lot for the price.  The dual-sim is new (to me) and a very nice feature.I will update if I find anything else of note, or an app to get around some things.

Bought this phone expecting a great product but after only 3 months I'm extremely disappointed.  The camera is very bad and has all but quit working.  It started by turning green.  I had to turn the phone off to reset but the problem persists.  Now all of my ringtones keep changing.  Not sure what the problem is but I'm not satisfied at all and will be looking for a refund or exchange.

When I received was good, but after the second day it started shutting down by itself and won't turn on, so have to remove battery to start again. Hence I returned the handset and exchanged it the other one was is doing the same now. don't buy it its not worth of money.

The phone was great when I first got it.  Then over the course of a few months dust started to accumulate between the touch screen and the LCD.  Now it is so bad it distracts from reading the display.

I got this phone for my father, who was wanting a new phone, but didn't want a data plan, texting, etc but wanted large numbers since he is old and finds it hard to use standard flip phones. I got this phone, dropped his ATT sim in, and it worked like a charm. It shows up in ATT as "generic flip phone".I installed BIG LAUNCHER, showed him how to make and accept calls, and he says it works great for him.Speed: Very snappy! Scrolling pages and switching apps is actually quite fast for only 512mb ram. (I use a Galaxy Note 2 and it is just as fast in most tasks!)Size: Perfect size for pocket or hip holster.Price: $140 for the hardware is amazing. This hardware on a standard phone would be $300 at least. (nexus4?)Build Quality: Ok. Cheap plastic. Screen quality is good, and touch works great.

Before purchasing this phone I made sure I did my research on it, the reviews on it made then phone seem like a bongos cheap skate buty experience has been nothing but excellent. This phone gives you everything you need as much as other name brand android phones. I am really satisfied on my purchase

For 140.00 this is an excellent phone, it fits my needs perfectly..Upon start up, I inserted a 16gb micro sd card , and under settings the second item sends new storage to the sd card. I inserted a platinum tel pay and go card and we are off..i took pictures inside and out and they are fine, not junk.. I have a larger good camera when it is needed..I'm not a gamer so I don't need larger internal memoryThe battery is a 2000ma lithium ion..much larger than the 1200 in the plain blu dash 4.0Inside the box was a car charger, cable and screen protectorScreen is bright and clearonly cons were it was a bit-- to openInstruction book is poor.. sim card goes in side ways, and memory from the left sideLove the phone

blu sbloqueado dash 4.5 is a bad phone, which does not meet the minimum specifications to run daily, applications close on their own, the team discharges extremely fast, takes to load, and used it for 6 days now and the computer does not work the camera is extremely bad, nothing in this phone works, every day I complained of the slowness of the slowness of the device hangs every time. All in all I would not recommend and to top the day I burn 6 and additionally get defective

In the box:PhoneBatteryPower AdapterCableScreen ProtectorHard rubber caseI don't usually write reviews with only a few days of use, but I thought that it may help people to know that it comes with a case.  I bought a silicone case for a Galaxy Nexus that would fit this phone fine with slight modification, but I don't need to use it.Overall it is really a great phone for what I paid.  It feels a little cheap in the hand, but the case makes it feel a bit more solid.  The camera is fine outside in daylight, but I agree with the other reviews about the terrible low light performance.  Still, not bad for the price.The stock Jelly Bean is a bonus.  I have been using JB for over a year now, and moving to the phone was easy.  It is zippy with no lag.  Of course I'm using it as a PHONE.  I have a tablet that I use for other things.  I'm not holding my breath, but it would be nice if Blu pushes out an update to Kitkat.  I've read a couple of things that make it sound like the new Android will be optimized for 512mb of RAM.  If that's true it could make this phone relevant for some time to come.

Originally had the ATT HTC One X - nice hardware, etc., however, no SD Card slot! (the sales guy told me to use the cloud for my data/music - yeah right, spend money to have someone else store and retrieve (capped @ 2GB/month), not only that but if the cloud is down/compromised/account locked out for whatever reason, can't get my info).  Phone given to my kid (he likes the bling, etc.)New phone doesn't have the "bling" factor - no bloatware/cripple-ware, just pure Android 4.2 (doesn't hinder/slow down unit).  Dual SIM is a good idea, in particular when out of the country (Note: uses 850/1900 3G, worthless in EU, but just use for phone calls is fine).Overall, not a a bad phone.UPDATE 09142013: One problem which might crop up (this happened to me) is that you might lose your ability to use ATT's 4LTE/HSDPA+ data (if you are using ATT & have a data plan) - this happened to me a couple of days ago & couldn't figure out why (even reset the phone etc, thought the phone had prematurely died).  Seemingly, ATT has unified their APN settings for 4LTE/HSDPA+ a while back and the default APN settings for this phone (maybe SIM?) is out of sync.  Had to create a new APN which follows the current ATT protocol (just do a web search to get the proper settings - this would also apply for T-Mobile and MVNOs).  The phone downloads/uploads seem to be quicker (feels like it anyway - actual network benchmarking would need to be conducted, but I have better things to do).

While the phone is a good deal for the price, the listed specs are (currently) not correct. The screen is 854x480, not the qHD screen (960x540) that it states. (Amazon has since fixed this issue)Also, T-Mobile will only be 4G in certain areas with this phone, while AT&T; should be 3G in all areas.Lastly, Blu isn't exactly known for keeping its phones upgraded to the latest Android version. It is current now, but don't expect updates.Overall 4 Stars!Update 7/15: A few more details. The screen produces some great colors, but the viewing angles are pretty bad. The vertical viewing angles are fine, with just some lightening in color, but viewing in horizontal can make the screen go almost white.The whole phone zips along with whatever you need. Quadrant is just under 4K and Antutu is just under 14K. Memory just limits the multitasking, with apps closing if you keep opening new ones or switching between them.The speaker is decent sounding, but it could be louder. The vibrate is pretty tiny and near the bottom of the phone. The phone box is nice and comes with a screen protector, but it isn't installed already and mine came with lint on the sticky side... YMMV. I still can't get all the bubbles out of the protector either.The camera is rubbish. You'll need very good lighting if you want to get anything that doesn't look like a VGA webcam.The back is a nice matte plastic with a slight rubber texture (except for the top which is glossy), but the edges come to a point and that makes it harder to grip and the bottom point isn't comfortable to hold. It doesn't feel like it will break with one drop, though.Update 7/16: The TTS (text-to-speech) engine is Pico, not the Google TTS that normally comes with 4.2. This means the GPS voice sounds like it did back in Gingerbread, not the nicer one that replaced it. I installed the IVONA beta and that will do, but it's silly that it still uses Pico.Root is super easy. There is a MKT6589 one-click root you can download and it works like a charm. This means, with some know-how, you can fix most issues.More info on the screen. It is locked at 48hz, not the 60hz of most everything else. This means nothing will ever go faster than 48 FPS unless someone can change that. Not too big of an issue, but this does limit the benchmark scores.Update 7/19- after taking the back cover off the phone a few times the phone now squeaks when squeezed. A little disheartening, but for the price I still vote 4 stars.Update 7/30- One thing I should mention. Putting the sim cards in the phone is rather different than most phones. Since there is two, and since the phone isn't very wide, they actually slide in sideways on top of each other. This was very weird for me the first time as it seems like I am shoving them into the cavity and not the slot for them. There is a thin piece of metal that separates the two slots, but it feels like you could lose the sim inside (especially if you use a nano sim in an adapter like I do). No harm done after putting one in and taking it out, although it was rather difficult to take out.I'll update this if I find something else!

Great, working lovely.love it

bought this phone for my teenage niece, she loves it. she wanted a S3, but after showing her the S3 and this phone, she went with this phone. she loves it. you cant really beat this phone for the price.

Got this phone 4 months ago. it worked great until the ring went silent. A cell phone that vibrates only means a lot of missed calls.  I can't get anyone from the company to return my phone calls or emails. I would like this phone otherwise. The battery life is the best I've ever had

Well no 4G or 3G with Tmobile in my area but we can ride wifi almost everywhere we go. If there is not any wifi we are on the 2g speed but that's ok as we use onavo to compress the data for faster surfing. Build quality is fair as the phone creeks and cracks when you push against it. The specs are fast and the display is fair (low res and washed out whites). Can not find a case for it thought, which worries me as the build quality is not so good.

Excellent phone for the price. Purchased as an IPhone replacement after retirement. I have been pleasantly surprised with Android and Blu products.I would recommend highly to anyone looking for a reasonable priced smartphone full of features.

I replaced a rooted Fusion 2 running ICS with this. Obviously, this has a bigger screen and is faster, but those are not necessarily better on their own.Pros: dual sims, quad core, H+, bigger screen, jellybeanCons: side power button and top charger plug (why different from most others?), screen washes out from any angle but vertical, all mic/headsets incompatible (and set included is lame), sharp edges make it uncomfortable to hold, screen and included screen protector attract fingerprints, and is unlocked but not rootedStill, hard to beat $139 for unlocked, but properly rooted Fusion 2 has same RAM amount, better display quality (though smaller), compatible headset jack, and feels more normal, for $80 - $100 less.I returned Quattro 4.3 for some of these same reasons (screen, headset, unstable Bluetooth streaming). Keep trying, Blu, but maybe badge engineer better generic Chinese products.

I bought this phone in the interim solution while I was debating getting another phone.  I love it!!Pro: Very inexpensive. Rich on features. Micro-usb  power/data. Big screen. Impressively fast. Comes with  all accessories caseCon: Plastic phone shell gives a hollow feel/sound

Works just like a smartphone should and costs much cheaper. Comparable to a galaxy in the operating system and feel of the phone in the palm.

The listed unit was a 4G HSPA+ (1900 band), but received a 3G (2100) and was told by BLU that they didn't have the 4G unit in stock.

Easiest phone i ever rooted :P great performance for a 120 dollar phone antutu rates it ABOVE the Samsung Galaxy S2!!!For anyone needing root look on the market for an application called anycut, add a shortcut to &#34;EngeneerMode&#34; to your desktop, open it go to logs and debugging. select userroot and press root! your phone is now rooted, this should work on MANY BLU products if this method fails due to a OTA update google for &#34;SRSroot for android&#34; this program is an all inclusive root exploit kit it can root most phones. YOUR WELCOME.

Bought two of these. One of them stopped working the first day of use, the screen became ultra white and unable to visualize any commands. Amazon was great and gave me a refund on the affected phone, no questions asked. Also contacted BLU and they gave me instructions to try a hard reset, but didn't work as could not see any commands. Second phone was gifted to someone in the Caribbean. Unlocked version, works fine with their SIM card. No complaints from them since had it for 2 months. Good price for it's many functions. MP3 player sound is very tinny and only compatible with own headphones (poor quality).  Has bluetooth though, sounds ok through bluetooth speaker.

ok broke my phone, have 8 months left on contract, need phone. I'm not a gamer, app nut or phone dj. But i do like a phone with some apps to do things I need. So phone is ok quality, not impressive but not too cheap. Battery was decent and lasted all day. Got it set up in an hour or two on ATT. Connected download my usual apps and off I go. Calls work better than my old phone (samsung GII skyrocket) no problems with processor speed or RAM issues. Used GPS while streaming Pandora and no lock ups. Runs Android  well and no bloat wear from the big phone companies installed, just pure Android which was nice. Camera...well not bad in daylight and screen camera ..well vga so kinda grainy which I could care less not into self portraits or making movies with the front camera. Soooo....two days after that I notice dust between the outer screen and lcd. Visible only when screen is off. OK no biggie not expecting a super phone for the price but i have a 4 year old Motorola smart-phone that is my fall-back phone with no dust or boogers under screen. Looks like lint from being in my pocket. So that means the lcd and digitizer are not sealed very well. Which can later introduce moisture and other crap. Again no biggie so far. Next the audio is horrific through the headphone jack....yes i tried several head phones include a brand new name brand and it sound like there is a hall effect on the sound...i adjusted the equalizer....the sound  was just .....trust me....... terrible. A simple thing to listen to music or use headphones for a phone call would not work. But....when streamed through blue tooth sounded fine...so most likely the amp circuit or possibly the head phone jack is crap.....I so much wanted to like this phone but now just over two weeks the lower right screen does not respond. It starts to select things on its own and i cannot unlock it because screen is not responsive. Reboot several times, there is just something wrong with either the digitizer or the CPU randomly choosing things. I read this problem in other reviews but shrugged it off.  Look 100-120 dollar is not going to run like a 300-400 phone i get it but this phone died too soon with too many simple problems. I was going to purchase possibly a more expensive BLU phone if this held up. After two weeks its not working but I'm sorry to say I cant recommend this phone. If 100-120 dollars is no big deal to you then by all means throw it away but please don't say you were not warned. I gave it two stars cause at least they tried...BLU you make me blue.......not sure of there other phones so I'm not shrugging the company off just possibly this phone is not a good design.

It wasn't compatible with Wind's network.  I had to return it.  It seems to be ok.  I got a Nexus 4 that I bought on Ebay instead and I LOVE that one!

The cellphone doesn't work. It simply doesn't turn on. How a company sells a cellphone in that condition ? I wast my time with them.

This phone is excellent and to my surprise for less money than the competition. It is not as big as Blu Studio 5.3 II, that I love, but is snappier and has a more saturated colors. The USB connection, being at the top, is a good change in design because it is usually irritating that the the cord is in the way when a user is trying to use a cell phone while it is being charged.Note, in order to record videos in widescreen format (16:9),  you have to choose the "Fine" setting. It will be 1280x720 pixels. Otherwise, the video will be recorded as 4:3 and as 640x480 pixels.The 4.2 version of Android is not too much different from 4.1 that previous models of Blu phones were coming with. The first difference that I've noticed was the chat interface has slightly changed and some slight changes in the menus.It is light and comfortable in one's palm. One reviewer has mentioned "sharp edges". I have not found any.The only trouble that we've discovered was the advertising sticker that is adhered on the top of the thin screen protector on the phone's screen. That screen protector, that comes by default attached on the screen is thinner than the screen protector that we've received bundled by the seller (Breed). So, while removing the advertising label, unfortunately the thin (default) screen protector has been lifted off and it led to spending time and some frustration afterwards. If one is aware about this potentially problematic situation and is prepared to it, one will remove the sticker in a different fashion and will avoid this frustration. I have not experienced the same with two previous Blu Studio 5.3 II phones by the way.

It's ok as best. There is so much dust collecting under the screen that I believe that they never did quality control. The company doesn't respond on their service line, and if they do, they refuse to fix a problem that was obviously there fault.Before the dust became so dense that you couldn't see, it was an amazing phone for it's price. Slightly slow, but Android helped by completing disabling multitasking. (REALLY annoying if you are reading the web, you reply to a text, and you need to start all over again because the phone ran out of RAM and it closed the browser!)No LTE in this phone, but HSPDA+ is good enough. FM radio is rather worthless. Wifi is like the the cell radios, just ok. Not super fast, but not please-kill-me-now-this-is-so-slow slow.And worst part for last? The camera. It really looks like everything is underwater. The frame rate is ~5 FPS in good lighting. If I go somewhere darker, I get a smooth 30 fps, what's with that?Overall? I wouldn't buy this phone. Buy something that is from a big company. If you can't afford anything better this phone is acceptable quality.

Pros: Inexpensive smartphone that can do most of the things of the more expensive phones, loaded with Jellybean 4.2, unlocked, dual sim, works with China Mobile in China and AT&T; in the US, bright screen, comes with case and screen protector, sd card slotCons: Only 512 MB of RAM which limits multi-tasking and more memory-intensive games, screen attracts fingerprints, mediocre camera (but you cannot expect great image quality at this price range), difficult to remove the case and figure out where to insert the sim cardIf you only call, text, surf the web, facebook, play basic games like angry birds, and don't run many apps at the same time, there is no need to pay more for an expensive smartphone. A good phone for pay-as-you-go or as a backup.

I had this one for a while and I am very happy to make the right decision to purchase this phone. Only one comment; don't expect to receive the return email from  BLU Support and the user manual is not in details, I have to figure by myself.

very beauty phone, so fast, very clear screen, nice sound, it is thin (i like that in phones), good camera, good volume in calls. nice item, recomended

This serves the purpose who has just graduated into an android from a non smart phone.It does not have a fancy quadcore processor nor an HD screen.The phone is absolutely basic,There are definitely much better phones in the market if you  spend a bit more.

Works like a champ. Quality is what you would expect from a cheap phone. But, given the price I can live with that. Serves as a great backup phone

I discovered this brand (Blu) surfering the web, and since the first time, it caught my attention. I've been on Android for a couple of years now, and I've owned mostly high end samsung phones like the galaxy note 1 and 2, the galaxy S3 and currently I have the Galaxy S4. But since I have an only data sim card and a second sim card from another operator, I needed a two sim phone so I could use both and this little phone does the job greatly. The only con I've found so far is that it has a very poor memory storage but since I only use it as a mobile hotspot I couldn't care less. So I recomend this phone to anyone who is entering  the android world and don't want to spend a lot of money buying a high end device.

I bought this phone to use it essentially for Skype calls. I first I had problem connecting to WiFi then I had problems downloading Skype application. The all worked fine. It is an amazing phone with high speed and amazing screen. I own an IPhone 4S and now I am tempted to use it more than the Iphone. For the price this phone is a fantastic deal.

Let's get something straight you wont find any other phone for this price and fully unlocked ready to be used in any GSM company. This of course being the reason why I purchased the phone. After a reading a few reviews I decided to purchase this device.Setting the APN was a of a battle having to search in online forums just to make sure the all the services of the prepaid company I switched to work properly. The Screen orientation was changing and the slightest feel and drove me completely insane. The prepaid company Solavei works on the phone but depending on were you live is really not worth it. Not to mention that at times the phone wouldn't read the sim card and I would lose call in any moment.So needless to say I'm droping both the phone and Solavei and going for other options even if they involve a contract

Works fine, fast.  Very nice, big and clear well defined screen.  Excellent color and resolution.Not resistant, I droped it a couple of times and now I have a broken screen... so it's mandatory to buy a protective case and screen protector.Batery is fine, not amazing, average instead.

Thanks to the quad core processor and sufficient memory, this phone is very responsive.  It runs Android 4.2.1 very well and I've been very happy with the phone. I bought it to use with a pay-as-you-go service and it's been great.  I ended up buying one for my spouse.

I actually bought this phone from ebay. It works excellent but my brother tried to root it with frameroot and didn't tell me. it said root successful then rebooted it and it says the blu products logo then goes black. it comes on i can unlock it and hear the unlocking sound then hold the home button a few seconds and it would usually display my recently open widows but i can't see anything when in portrait view. When I am in landscape view I can see half of the screen but the other half is black and it shows the same portion whichever way I hold it. video of how it is acting: [...]

I'm very happy with this phone.Looks nice and well made too. It has a quadcore processor and is very fast. For me 512 of Ram is enough. And the price its very good.

works great...going on 3 months and not a single problem. Great phone for the money.

I live in Baltimore, MD and have T-mobile. Even though it's advertised as a 4G, the device only allows me to reach T-mobile's 2G network. Data processing is very slow and using a hotspot is miserable. I was on hold for 30 minutes with a BLU rep and no one ever answered. I like the idea of supporting a small company and having the dual SIM card can be convenient... but overall, I regret buying the phone. It's not saving me money in the long run.

The internet connection never works. I have data included in my monthly plan.  The phone is not able to send or receive pictures or videos.

Excellent phone, fast processor. Could use more ram and a better external speaker. This is the second 1 I've owned, the first 1 had speaker problems. After about 2 months the speaker's went bad. The ear  and external speakers could barely be heard. The only help from Blu  was to do a factory reset. Of coarse that was no help.I bought it from somewhere else and it only had a 30 day warranty. Amazon has a year warranty which is great.

The only problem that I'm having is locating cases for it.  It's the best competitor for the expensive smart phones.  My husband loves it.  It's his first smart phone.  He now wants to become a distributor.
