
The new Samsung Galaxy S4 Active is the about the same as it`s other brother the Galaxy S4. The Active is a little bigger and heaver than the GS4.The software is the same on both the S4 and the Active. The software comes with 4.2.2 Jellybean.  The Active has a1.9GHz quad core processor2GB of Ram.16Gb of Internal Storages.(Which can be updated with an Micro SD card2600 mAh Battery.Has only 8 megapixelsSomething that I like about the phone is that there are physical  buttons on the bottom of the phone.The 3.5 headphone jack will not have to be cover its built so it can handle the water. The active is has an 5 inch  LCD display. The display will not be as great compare to the GS4 but theres not much of a difference. I like how it can take a beating.I would recommend this phone to any one that is outdoors a lot.  This phone can be submerge under 3 feet of water. Having the phone in a cup of water; it was still able to work. This phone is capable of handling water.

Total disaster, so get locked and unlocked ordered so much damage that caused me that even I could not release it. First purchase in error size.

Known Echo problem with this Samsung phone model and some other Samsung phones. Hopefully Android 4.4 will solve problem. If not, it's a piece of junk. Will not buy Samsung phone again. Purchased because of removable battery, large battery and water resistance. Should have just got a water resistant case.

This is a great cellphone, loaded with all sorts of features, features I will never use; it is nice to have just in case and to play a bit.  Excellent product.

For the price it is a good phone! The only gripe I have is it sometimes restarts after saying it ran into a problem with the system!

The phone is perfect for my taste is very full the only detail I get the phone with the case open and it is not possible as the warranty seal was broken box but the rest all good no problems

Great build quality, 3 physical buttons, water and impact resistant-and only $399 open box and unlocked!  And one-click root available via Geohot's Activeroot tool.

I ordered the INTERNATIONAL factory unlocked Galaxy S4 i9295, I received an AT&T version, yes it was unlocked, but now I have all the AT&T apps, that I can't delete, nor use since I'm not an AT&T customer. Phone is working, however it loses it's ability to sync my email password when not on WiFi, and therefore can't sync my emails with the phone (this is really bad, and extremely annoying!).

This cellphone is amazing. The features are awesome. The waterproof resistance works just fine. Care is needed regarding the cleaning after using underwater.

Phone was recieved in excellent condition. Very well packaged and on time. The phone itself is not waterproof however and amazon did comply and allowed me to return it with a 20% restocking fee. The seller themselves deliver the product. Samsung advertises this phone incorrectly, if water spills on it, it will survive...dont go diving with it ... it's an excellent,original phone (if used normally)

The Samsung Galaxy s4 active is probably the phone to have right now on the market. Although pretty pricey it is literally a "Smart" phone. The phone may be a little bit bulkier than the other phones in the past, it is life proof, literally. When I purchased the phone the first thing I did was test it to see if it could last in water. I poured water straight into the sound output then played music straight after, and the sound quality was perfect. Another test I tried was to put the phone in a cup of water and let it sit for 30 seconds. After I took it out I opened the back and saw just a little bit of water in there, but I was still able to turn the phone on and off smoothly. This phone literally blew me away and I will continue to use it for a very long time. I would highly recommend this product to people with the Samsung Galaxy s4, you definitely need to upgrade to the Galaxy s4 active.

really great cell phone, its super fast and i love all the cool things you can do with it with all those sensors it has. i have do water test taking precautions, and it goes well i have took fish photos and everything goes well, i really love this phone

THIS IS NOT WATERPROOF.Before anyone says anything, I used it under IDEAL conditions. Also, it didn't leak at least 3 times prior, but the only time that counts is the last time...I checked multiple times all case components were closed. I also checked dock cover. Both were SECURE. Yet it still leaked.The first time I brought to AT&T; and they replaced it, no worries. I figured it was a defect.This is the 2nd device I had, and the same issue happened. This one I ONLY used for 3 weeks, brand new.About the phone itself:Pros:Bright Screen - TFT works great even in bright conditionsRemovable battery - able to switch out charged batteries on the go, always a plusMicro SD - added memory, any more to say?Cons:Camera - The camera is subpar. I compared it to my friend using an iPhone 5 and the i5 was by far better. Especially at night. Under night conditions the camera is TERRIBLE. Either too dark, or when there are lights, the lights are way too bright.Software - Touchwiz UI is slow and poor at multitasking. Too much Samsung bloatware! Add that to AT&T; bloatware you can't remove without root. LOCKED BOOTLOADER so you HAVE very few choices for software.

I unfortunately kept this phone a few days past the time period where I could return it to AT&T; and so now I'm stuck with it and looking for another phone.The reason I bought this phone over the iPhone is that it has expandable storage with a micro SD card up to 64Gb.  Well, the micro SD storage doesn't work!!!  Over the last 2 weeks I've tried 6 different SD cards... I can get all of my music and movies on the card, but the movies don't play and the music will suddenly disappear from the phone... no kidding!  I had 32 Gb of music on the phone and the next morning it was down to 3.2Gb, the rest of it just disappeared from the card!  I reloaded and lost the music about 20 times on several different brands of SD cards proving that the issue is with the phone.  You can put movies and music on the internal memory and that works fine but you only have 8 Gig to use.  Also, you cannot move Apps to the SD card.I thought initially I had a bad SD card... but then after trying 6 different cards, I googled the issue and found that its a very common problem with the phone that Samsung has yet to acknowledge.The other features like Smart Screen and Air View are cool, but they don't work consistently and are pretty much useless so I turned them off.  I had smart screen on and my movies would p+ause even if I didn't look away - that gets really annoying after a few minutes so much of this technology sounds great, but not practical as it is still buggy.One final thing; I dropped the phone off the table and now the corner is bent, this phone is not very sturdy so be careful.

RECEIVED THE PRODUCT EXACTLY AS PUBLISHED SPECIFICATIONS. BRAND NEW.ABOUT THE SAMSUNG ACTIVE itself is an impressive smartphone with the screen size and resolution and processor speed able to put it up there among tech nerds. IN Honduras we have TIGO and CLARO network and call providers... Both working neatly with the Active.

I love this phone, upgraded from the S2 item was received as described. Bright screen, good battery life, fits well in your hand. Many, many functions...too much to list here. I highly recommend this phone to anyone looking for a well made unlocked smartphone. I bought one for myself & another for my wife.

Three months after I put this phone into service it stops connecting to the data network. AT&T couldn't figure out the problem and neither could Samsung Chat line. Now its a dumb phone. Still under warranty but Samsung USA doesn't support it because it's an international phone made in Vietnam. The support number for Vietnam does not have enough digits to work. Good luck getting that serviced. I'd give it no stars if that were an option

This phone is gorgeous. Its the regular S4, but built with a more sturdy/quality feel to it. There are basically 4 different surface patterns not including the rivets and buttons, providing a lot of character. The buttons are not cheap rubber as they look to be in the pictures, they are a textured plastic. Again, gorgeous phone.I am waiting for someone besides Samsung to say that it is waterproof and will be avoiding testing myself until then.I am here looking for a case - nothing seems to be out yet and despite the grippy rubber in two edges of the back, the majority is slick and entirely too likely to be dropped/thrown.

Who wouldn't want a phone you can take in a pool?  One of the cool little features is the underwater mode on the camera, it allows you to take pictures with the volume rocker when you're underwater.  Also listened to music underwater which was cool. If you take it in the water just be real sure the back is on right and the plug is covering the usb port.  Also you have to blow the water out of the mic or else the person on the other end won't be able to hear you so good. My girlfriend got a little mad I took it in the pool but why not since it can. If only it was on sprint..

The best phone out there , it came fast works great love the phone , it was a phone for my friend and she loves that she can do what ever she wants on the phone

that phone work in venezuela whit movistar?

I got the phone for my wife and within 2 months it died. She just plugged it in one night and it was bricked by morning. Since its not sold in the US Samsung wouldn't help with the repair. The company I bought it from off amazon would tell me the source of the &#34;warranty&#34; that the phone had and simply said its too late to return. So take your chances because if anything goes wrong your on your own.

Its a great phone. Its waterproof capabilities and sturdy frame make it ideal for my line of work,(stevedore).  I get very sweaty and the phone gets banged up chilling in my pocket. But no worries with addition of an iblason protective case I'm confident it will stay safe. A big upgrade from the s3

I really love my phone. It works very well. At first I never wanted to have a big phone. But I am really, really enjoying my phone. The price is excellent too. Buy the damn phone!  Lol!  I am living in the Caribbean and it is working well.

I only like this phone because it's dust proof, I can not say the same about water. Camera worse than S4 and screen too. Also sometimes but seldom there malfunctions happens

I work in the mobile industrty as a third party authorized seller for mulitple carriers, and I have to say this phone has impressed me greatly. One of our employees purchased the phone and put it through its paces. Performs extremely well and is completely water tight. The thing people do need to realize though is this. This phone is rated for up to 6ft of submerssion for up to 30 minutes. Any longer than this, and you risk water damage.To make the phone water tight, after the back is snapped into place on the phone, you have to press firmly right under where the camera openings are. You'll hear a pop in the middle. When you hear that, and only after you hear that, is the phone water tight. 90% of the water issues people are having most likely could be avoided by either the carrier remembering to press there firmly or the associate informint the customer. Make sure you're pressing there if you plan on exposing this phone to water, and please do NOT go scuba diving with it. Not desiged for that length of submerssion.Hope this helps when making a decision on whether or not to purchase the phone!

I absolutely love this phone.  Meat my expectations in every way. Did not put it in water though and not willing to.

Simply, Samsung Galaxy S4 Active is the best! The resolution in Video and the quality of Audio is great! I'm very happy with my new phone.

love every inch of this phone despite the battery life being s***. however my life is now surrounded by chargers, car chargers and mobile power banks so I make do. yet to test the underwater features, too scared atm.

I got this phone since I was due for an upgrade and would literally have an easier time without one hand than without this phone. It requires certain precautions before being submerged in water. fast as crap too. 1.97 gigs of RAM! that is incredible! It dominates I-phones single handedly.

I'm a pretty techy guy and have had many smartphones over the years. This is the best phone yet. I have tested the waterproof segment and it's been holding up. It's not waterproof to 30 ft, its 3ft/1meter. Its great to go the beach and then just wash the phone to get the sand off. On the specs side, its a powerhouse. There are so many features I'm still discovering. Absolutely no complaints!

This phone is great!! I did not have any troubles with the service provider as it said on the description.100% recommendable!!

Can't send photos with txt msg via wi-fi -- must use data.  Even at that, more fail then actually send.  Also received photos must be download with data, not wi-fi.  Pictures used to be fun to send/receive to family & friends.  Now it's just a huge PIA.

I had this phone and it's awesome. But I have to say one thing, if you are using it in the USA on AT&T you will not get LTE service. You will get HSP+ which is about 3g service.. You will have to play with the settings to get this.

This phone has everything that I need. Good screen resolution, fast response to the applications, good camera, good GPS, everything is great.  So basically has same things that S4, just the difference is the camera (which is not so much different), and S4 active is waterproof!

I have been disappointed with it because.1.  I was expecting a wireless charging solution from Samsung and that has not happened.2.  I am sick of waiting to upgrade the OS to 4.4Come on Samsung, support your existing products and customers.  Charge us for it if you want !!!!

This phone was purchased with the intent that it works as advertised. In other words, we thought we could use it and if it got wet no problem. Turns out it's not water resistant really..It got wet in the pool and got water in it. When we tried to swap it out at the store we bought it at, they said they couldn't take it back bc it was water damaged. Then, I called ATT, they too were surprised that it got water damaged but also would not warranty replace it. 0 for 2. I called Samsung, they told me that they will look at it and if the technician deems that it has excessive water damage, they will not replace/repair it. FYI, the warranty says the phone is not covered for water damage even though the thing is supposed to be water resistant. Also, I looked up a bunch of other reviews and lots of people are saying the same thing. Samsung told me that they have been getting a lot of calls about this same issue. If I can save you the heartache of going through what I am, then that's great. Phone looks great, loved it but it's useless now. It's no more water resistant than a piece of paper towel under a running faucet. If you treat it like every other phone and don't get it wet, it's probably fine.

the phone works great grabs 3g and 4g some sites, this immaculate, all applications work fine. the facebock trbaja well, whatsapp works perfectly.the camera took some great pictures.

I had no adapter to charge it here in the USA....no problem if I was going to take it to europe but im not :(

I got this phone as a replacement for my iphone 5. I love apple products, but I decided to give samsung a chance. The phone has impressed me, and now I think apple is staying behind compared to the new samsung phones. The phone is fast, battery life can last all day if you're a medium user. Camera is good overall. I really don't have any complaints about this phone. I think apple (for me) is something of the past. I would highly recommend buying this phone.

I am ussually not very gentle with my cel phones.I do not plan to use it under water but I often use it with wet hands, under the rain or swetingTherefore, I ruin several cel phones.The option of an Active cel phone has allowed me to have a good (expensive) phone that will last me.

I started having problems with the phone 2 weeks after I activated it ..it would shut down whenever I had 2 or more messages..now when I use it longer then 2 minutes it will shut off and won't turn back on untill its plugged in. .even though it has plenty of battery. .buying anything off this seller is like being kicked in the balls..if thats what your in to then this phone is for you

I haven't tried to use it under the water, but all the other features work great !Great Deal !

My battery was running low & not charging fully. Bought 2new batteries but same problem , no matter charging duration

Best smartphone in the market.

This is a worthy replacement for my old Galaxy Note.  I don't use the S Pen and S4 active is water resistant.

Once you order from this guys and give your credit card inf they will take the funds right away  and once you received the product if by any chance there is any issue with the product you won't get your money back and you stock with product even it's no good condition or any how . They took $135 from me for some kind policy they said they have after receiving the product back and I never got the product in my hands and they still took the money . My recommendation buy from somebody else don't take any more chances from World Wide money is too hard to get to risk like this .

Perfect

I have both the S4 and S4 active, The Active is only a tiny bit larger, but doesn't support the flip shield on the front. They are both very nice phones.If you are interested in Warranty experience, see note on painful service at end.AT&T; offers a one-time-replacement for water damage, as of Aug 7 2013.There are a few things to do, to help your phone not be damaged by water, (based on instructions for my Panasonic underwater camera).1) The seals on the back must be perfectly clean before closing it up. My underwater camera comes with a brush to ensure no hair, sand, lint, dust... is on the seal before closing. A dirty seal can allow water to enter at that spot.2) Don't jump in water or swim with phone in hand (better to slowly wade in, with phone in pocket). The water pressure is Much greater than 1 meter submersion, when you have a sudden gush of water during a dive or jump, (same goes for being hit by a wave, or under a hose/faucet).3) Don't open the back up, till the unit has been rinsed in clean fresh water (so hard salt crystals or mud don't form near seal), wiped off dry on the outside, and air dried for an about an hour. (You will notice that the seal only covers half of the back of the phone, the other half can hold drops of water, that once opened, can drip and turn the white H2O indicator red, and void the warranty).4) Don't depend on the phone actually lasting 30 minutes 1 meter under water in the future, Seals wear, and degrade with age. (In a few years you may only have 10 minutes at foot under water, depending on wear).5) Don't show off the phone's water resistance more than necessary, There are occasional manufacturing defects, that are hard to test for submersion. Use the phone for the minimum time and depth needed for a picture. I plan to use mine mostly in the rain, (and my underwater Panasonic camera, rated at 12 meters for 2 hours for most underwater pictures); Or maybe a few drops of sweat when exercising with music.6) Don't forget to seal the USB port very well. It doesn't snap closed easily, needs to be slid to the side while pressing in for complete closure.  The USB seal will wear quickly since it is opened daily, and easily pops open.I'm also content with the phone cases I bought:  The belt clip case (Black Horizontal Leather Pouch Carrying Case Holster with Belt Clip and Loops for Samsung Galaxy Note S4 Cell Phone) is large enough to fit the both the S4 Active with the thin TPU protective case (TUDIA Ultra Slim Melody Series TPU Protective Case for Samsung Galaxy S4 Active I9295 (Blue)) for extra drop protection.Edit after owning phone 10 months, reduce from 5 stars to 3 stars:POOR WARRANTY SERVICE:  The USB Cover tether became disconnected.  I called Samsung, they said it would be a warranty repair, Neither AT&T; nor Samsung would provide a loaner during the repair. After a week, The repair was put on hold, waiting for payment of $160 for LCD screen & Touch pad (even though both are in perfect condition).  Samsung said the warranty does not cover a replacement LCD, and they would have to replace it as part of their repair to get to the USB port underneath the LCD. This stinks, Customer should not be charged for warranty repair, for parts the repairman needs to break in order to save time on the repair. Calls to Samsung repair center lead nowhere. Email to the "office of the president" [President@sta.samsung.com] resulted in a free repair, but took several hours of my time.Russ G.

Hasslefreecell please contact me

This device would be great if it did not call 911 in my pocket.  AT&T is no help either.  They can't decide if it a hardware or software issue and yet another person says all of the Samsung phones will do that.  Oh, and they wont let me swap out my phone because I dropped it and there is a ding in the corner.  AT&T is trying to say that I will have a cancellation fee if I return it because I was at 30 days yesterday even though I started calling them to fix the issue over a week ago.  If you want a phone that calls 911 when it is in your pocket, then this is the phone for you!

Hi, I just ordered the Samsung Galaxy S4 active from mercate group. I absolutely love the phone but do have one major issue. Every time I make a call without using the loud speakers or the headset, there is a very annoying echo which the other party can constantly hear in the background of the conversation. I tried to call different numbers, restarted the phone and checked for updates. Nothing helps. I literally just got the phone a couple of days ago. Does anyone else have the same problems? How can I return the phone and get a replacement?Thanks!

Windows Phone is much better that either Android or iOS, everything takes one or two taps less. I switched to a Nokia Lumia and love it.

It's everything that has been told about it&#8230;. I'm very pleased&#8230;. The only thing I won't try is the water thing, come on, it's not necessary to try just for fun&#8230; hahaha

The cellphone has a good battery  but it's working very slow.Some times when i'm not using it,is making phone call by it self and i don't know why..

It keeps shutting off when it is hot and when i put in my pocket. The phone freezes when i use it when it is snowing or raining. I am not that satisfied with it. But it did not come with a warranty. So i guess i have to deal with it. I called the manufacturer they said it is not normal for it to freeze. I called the seller many times to explain the situation no one pick up.

Until today I can say that  this is the best Phone I ever had before I got everything with me, my business and freinds always in my company everywhere,finally this phone is my second Wife

I love this phone! It is even better than I expected. I love how fast it is. I am using it through Straighttalk.

It does everything I NEED IT to do, perform like I NEED IT to, and stores what I NEED IT to.....

Phone is as described and I received it sealed, unlocked, clean as a whistle. Don't have much to say since I just started using it few days ago, but so far it seems like a perfection. It's very smooth and fast, all the air and motion options and gestures, voice control, works perfectly, battery extremely good, which actually surprised me. I was playing with the phone for more than two days, one charge and still left some 10% on the next day. All in all, great choice and I hope it will last long enough so I get tired of it :)

I made the switch from the iPhone and have not had any regrets! I've used it underwater and had zero issues. There are a lot of features and it is very fast! It took some getting used to but I'm so happy I got the phone.

I love the iphone's reliability after years but hate their proprietary restrictiveness, and of course that stupid iTunes. I love the Android's versatility but they all go buggy and unreliable after 6 months or so. I almost bought the iPhone 5 over the Galaxy S4, just tired of my old unreliable android that kept freezing at the worst times. Then I saw this "Active" version that is waterproof and Dust proof. I was sold.Could not have made a better choice! It's also slick and better looking than the regular Galaxy S4.The keyboard is actually great, I thought I would have issues typing, but it works perfectly, and I like how aggressive it is at correcting--Only problem is, you can't edit the dictionary to add words...which makes it useless. I can't write s*** or a*s and not even OMG or IDK. So I downloaded the Google Keyboard for it, and it's perfect.It didn't seem to come with much bloatware, and it's the smoothest running phone I've ever had (I've had plenty).I am infatuated with it.

This is the best phone pound for pound on the market today better than the Iphone 5 and others today

For a listed used item, it almost looked brand new.  Thought the price was too high for used but it's clean condition proves its worth.  Overseas international sim card and internet works great.

We had two issues with this phone. The first one we got wouldn't keep time. It would update the time only if you turned airplane mode on and off or restarted the phone. After trying to figure it out with a Samsung tech person over the phone for an hour they determined it was a hardware issue so I returned it to the store. The second phone was fine, but the very first time I got it wet it started acting up. I put it under about 6 inches of water and took a picture to test the underwater mode on the camera, and the headphone jack started acting up. The phone detected headphones being connected and disconnected constantly and wouldn't stop, even after we let it dry for a few hours. So we tried to return it and the store gave us trouble about putting it underwater even though none of the water damage indicators are set off. Yes there are water damage indicators on it because that's how they tell if you improperly installed the back cover or took it under water that was too deep, but none of the ones on my phone were set off.We had a terrible time with this phone, and returned it for a standard Galaxy S4 and have been happy since.

battery barely makes it to lunchtime when i use this for workmight be waterproof when it comes out the box, but the cover for the charging port doesn't last over timegood camera though

Just love my S4 Active. I live a very active sports life as a coach for multiple sports. I can now have all my important files and apps with me without worrying about the dust and sweat, rain or water doing any damage to my phone.

This phone is just magnificent! Works like a charm...but gets a bit hot when in use. Probably because of the rubbery material on the back panel which makes this phone water resistant the phone retains heat more than a non water resistant phone.

Before and after I bought this cellular phone I asked the seller (FGS Trading) several times about real compatibility of the 4G bands. They give information that at the end of the day, was not true. Testing the phone with some operators outside USA I realized it did not work as expected and was far from being &#34;an international versi&oacute;n&#34;.In fact, this is a common limited 4g device that only cover some bands in some part of the european continent. Do you believe can ask for a change or reimbursment? Simply forget it. Seller will give you a cold answer because time has passed and even though they took weeks answering with incomplete information, the 30-days period of changes is over.Now I have a beutiful piece of technology that can't be used in the way that 600 dolars make you to dream on.So, are you looking for a real international version? Forget this one but especialy, don't trust FGS Trading provider.

I bought the samsung galaxy S4 active because I wanted a reliable smartphone.  But th his phone is not reliable at all..!!!  It turns off by itself 3 to 4 times a day due yo system crash. You coulf be writing a text, in the middle of a phone call, or simply browsing on your phone and it suddenly turns off...but the worse part is that the vendor has no tech support whatsoever so I am stuck with a defective phone.Another thing is that it had a False advertisement!! Nowhere in the add did it say the phone wasn't 4G ready for the US so of course it is not as fast.

Works great and compatable in the Caribbean, bought it as a reward for myself and totally satisfied, i would recommend for considering customers.

I'm deployed to Afghanistan, and was worried about the dust.  I knew I wanted an Android phone, so I did my research.  After learning that Samsung made a water/dust proof Galaxy phone, I figured I had to give it a try (as I wanted an S4, and thought this was the best of both worlds).  I was a little nervous about the screen, as this phone has a TFT LCD (where as the Flagship S4 has an OLED screen), but so far I haven't had any issues.  In fact, as I was researching this phone to make sure it was the best choice for my needs, I read that the TFT LCDs are actually better for outside use (as they don't get as washed out by the sun - something I was concerned about), and so far I haven't had any issues viewing the screen outdoors (even in direct sunlight).I would absolutely recommend this phone for anyone who spends a lot of time outdoors, but still want's a smartphone.  My only complaint about this phone is that I can't use a lot of the really cool add-on's/accessories that are available for the S4 (such as Qi wireless charging, or the flip cover that shows the time through a window on the front, etc...)  Other than that minor qualm, I've been extremely satisfied with this phone.P.S. - Yes, I've tested the "waterproof-ness" of this phone, and it works like a champion - just make sure you do what the directions say and verify that the back is completely on (being mindful of the clip/latch under the camera on the back).

Very good hardware but I preferred the note 3 cause my needs and requirements. The phone  is not as efficient as the last S4 or note because the processor. Even thought is quite fun to have it.

I love it  is perfect i prefer this thab the normal model s4, the bottons the screen, the cel is really fast the battery is really good, the opcions the signal im from venezuela in here you only find the normal model of the s4 but i have my s4 active and is the best

On time, everything works great. The only thing nobody has told me is that it was an Italian version. The manuals come in Italian, and there are some APPs on my phone that are linked to a phone company in Italy.I am fluent in Italian, so all good with that.I deleted the apps and personalized my phone.Very happy!!

Phone is GREAT. OS leaves A Lot to be desired. To many &#34;are you sure...' questions makes hands free use impossible. OS is terible for that.

The s4 active works sweet meeting most of my demands, but the only thing I don't like is the battery runs down very fast when my data is on and it's a new battery. The instructions I got with the phone said to change the battery fully before using it which I did. Some of my friends said I should of run down the battery right before recharging it , but I was just following the written instructions I got , to charge it fully after installing.

This phone is a really good idea. I don't use it for underwater or anything, but have sweated through a number of phones, so wanted something for running. It works great, until it doesn't... The rear cover on my phone would ever so slightly open on occasion. If you every single time you pick up the phone remember to push this down (in addition to sealing the charging plug), then you're golden, but the problem is, as the cover randomly opens, impossible to be checking it all the time.Although the samsung water damage warranty on this is pretty bad anyway, you should really buy a version that has the warranty in case you run into trouble.Also vendor is useless in helping here.

It works perfect, it's a wonderful smart phone, I bought it to use it in Venezuela and it's great, I haven't used it in the water yet but everything else is amazing

This phone was purchased for a friend of mine who was looking for his wife, who is a stay home mom and always in water or running behind the kids. So far so good he says.

Galaxy S4 Active is for me the best version of S4. It's resistent. I didn't test the cellphone yet in under water or dust but today in my job I dropped some water in the screen and the cell still working. Wow I love it.

we bought this because it was promised to Shockproof and water fall, the first fall was broke ,I do not recommend this, it is misleading advertising.

This is an awesome phone. Came the very next day after I ordered it which was great as I live in The Bahamas. It was brand new and in its original packaging. Even came with a warranty. Also included were the charger, earplugs and the instruction manual. I just put the battery in and turned it on. It does need a micro sim card, the ordinary ones will not work. Colours on screen are great and it takes great pictures too. Definitely a great buy from this seller!!!

This is a new experience in tecnology, All its features are amazing; it works very well and the apps are awesome, recommended!!

I don't want to write review since it's all available around the web just type in google s4 active reviewI bought this phone just because my friend bought oneI already Own Sony Zin compare to Sony Z  /  S4-Colors and brightness ( S4 win )-Hand comfort ( S4 win )-Signal level ( S4 win )-Camera ( S4 win )-Resist to drops and scratch ( S4 win )-Games and touch Screen ( Sony Z win )-Call quality ( Sony Z win )-Battery ( Sony Z win )-Charge from 0-full ( Sony Z win )that's the major points that's can tellif you want look and Iphone style look or something to show up go for Sony ZIf you want resist, you don't care for look and you move too much go for S4I own both though but I like the S4 more

easy to use......still dont like iphone, so i'm back to andorid///// like the water proof, also the design. i think this phone will last quite a long time

when i received my phone it was cracked i am very disappointed! I thought it would be in good condition!

We've all had that bad dream: experiencing a crash landing in a plane in the water and having your cell phone destroyed by water damage... oh, just me then?  :-)But seriously, I just upgraded from the Galaxy S3 to the S4 Active, and I LOVE it. Most of the power and perks of the S4 in a more resilient package. Yes, I've test the water features, about 5 times and have had no problems with any water getting into the phone...*** Listen to the other reviews, PAY EXTRA ATTENTION to putting the back cover on the phone***...Make your way around the outside of the phone case pressing firmly, and done forget that center click as well. Just pretend your are in a submarine, and make sure all the hatches have been closed or guess what?... the water will come in.
