
I live in Arizona and backpack alot near the grand canyon,  this phone picks up great as usual.. I have gotten it wet, dropped it on rocks, in dirt and mud and never gives me problems. I think its the tight design around the glass and cover...The screen size is a little bigger than the optimus elite that I had b4 this, and the optimus V that I had before that ..  I love the LG phone for its Durability, Size because it fits in my pocket perfectly and the COST is FANTASTIC..  I didnt buy it for the speed playing technical games, I have a laptop for super technical stuff. .. Frankly the Speed is great for me and I get all the Apps FREE ...  The monthly service is Terrific as is the online  personal management page,,  and I pick up calls everywhere everybody else does, period ....As to why you would'nt want this phone, well if you want a huge phone it is not or you want it for motion video's its not as clear but photos are great and so are still videos.  Otherwise its a great phone for me, its my third in the optimus line and I Love It, I assure you ill buy the next Optimus that replaces this one.. Guaranteed Tough and great battery life if you dont have a million apps running constantly.. The camera is great , the video is good if you are standing still. and music is Loud nd Clear with a beat so i like that...  This phone Hands Down Beats Any Phone under $250 dollars.. period.. Greg age 40.. Arizona.

I really like this because it's cheap and can run some basic apps.  The screen is pretty clear.  The reason why I rated it a 3 star is because of the lack of storage; it has a 4gb of rom, however 1.2 gb is usable due to android OS.  That means hardly any apps as I had to constantly uninstall apps and photos.  The camera is pretty darn good not the best but just good.  For my next phone purchase I'm planning on getting a 16gb phone because I love my apps.

I've been pleased overall with the phone and VM service. Coverage is limited to most urban areas and interstates in South Carolina. This plan cut my costs by over half. However I wasn't aware that the Virgin Mobile/Sprint network doesn't support group texting.

I hate this phone. The internal memory issue makes it where I can't have more than 3 apps at a time &#62;:( major disappointment. The only good thing is that it's fast. but the keyboard will freak out sometimes and not let me use it even if I restart my phone my friend has the same phone and he also has the same issues as me.

Cheap phones are getting so good (I am completely happy with this phone) that I don't know how people still justify paying $500 for a fancy new iPhone.  Sheep will be sheep.

Great phone. No qualms for the price a true steal. It is a bit small, but definitely worth every penny in value.

This is a decent entry/mid level android device, feels really light and not sturdy. would suggest a case as I don't think it would take drops very well. There is one improvement needed and that is to be able to move apps to sd card, which can be done if you root the phone overall got what I expected no complaints. Sound quality is 8/10, Battery life is really good 9/10, and screen display about 6/10, with signal and lte service 7/10 on vrigin mobile aka sprint network.

Perfect bang for the buck.  The features I need (4G, good call sound quality, decent screen size) for 1/5 or 1/6 the price of the top of the line phones.

This is a very nice phone for the money. The storage problems can easily be fixed by installing the Superuser and Link2SD apps. It is worth it if you live in an area with 4g LTE to upgrade to a inexpensive phone until Sprint Spark phones are available on Virgin Mobile. Not sure why Shannon Morse from Before You Buy gave it a "Don't Buy", as most people haven't had any problems with call quality.

I have been using a HTC but I found this Lg has just blown me away.It setup quickly, the WiFi signal is fantastic. 4G LTE are all working.Bluetooth setup to my car was done in less than 10 seconds.  I could go on butthis is one of the best phones I have purchased.

I thought this would be nice upgrade from by old Optimus V, and while it is in some ways, in others it seems like a step back. It does have a lot of great features, the display is nice, the UI works pretty well, apps generally run smoothly. It can get alarmingly hot doing something processor-intensive like playing a game. The power button on the side sets it apart from most phones, but it turns out there's a very good reason all the other phones have it there: it's more comfortable and convenient. I thought I would get used to it, but after about 4 months I still fumble it all the time. For some reason it refuses to display the names of certain contacts, only their numbers. I haven't been able to figure out why. Also like most (all?) Android phones it does not play nice with iPhone messaging, but it responds in more inconsistent ways than my Optimus V. One more thing which, though minor, was very disappointing to me: it has a color LED behind the Home button, but you can't really customize it to have different colors for contacts or alerts, which is a feature I had in flip phones 10 years ago. I also read a lot of reviews praising the battery life of this phone, and mine will last about a day and a half with normal use (texting, occasional email/wifi use).It's not terribly expensive and I won't be replacing it unless I have to, but if I had to do it over again I'd probably get something else.

I like the size of this phone (one of the main reason why I bought it). It's one of those compact size phone that you rarely see or find these day. The screen resolution is nice, phone speed is good, sound is also very clear. The only problem with this phone is that it doesn't allow you to send app to sd card without rooting the phone (not a big problem imo)

Do the home button ledColors

Love the phone works great. Peppy and smooth right out of the box. Only 4 stars because of no support for moving apps to SD card but that's the android versions fault not the phone.

This phone is bomb, good job lg.. I feel like I'm using an iPhone which is something I never thought I would say

Pro's: low price, compact size, lightweight, fast 4G LTE speeds, excellent graphics, Google NowCon's: Virgin Mobile (Sprint) doesn't have the fastest networksI don't know of any other good quality 4G phones you can get for $90.00.

This is a very user friendly phone and after a few months of use has been reliable. Like all modern smart phones, the touch keyboard is difficult to get used to and prone to spelling errors by accidentally touching the wrong key. The more you use it, the fewer mistakes you make. Data and voice coverage are consistent with other Virgin Mobile phones I have owned.

I like the phone. Good deal for the price. Just hoping third time is a charm. 1st two phones that were sent to me never worked

LG has produced another fine product. After purchasing this product I am glad that I stayed with LG. The handling and feel is great. The response of the operating systems is phenomenal.

I bought this phone for my teenage boy. He loves this phone. It has all the fuctions that a high end smart phone has. The only drawback I can think of is that you can only save music or video to its external microSD card. All apps must stay in main memory which is limited to only 2GB. Android used to have the function of &#34;move to SD&#34; in its earlier versions.

First smart phone for me and its every thing that I need.  Very user freindly and love the Task Manager - you can stop all the apps that are running.  Battery has a good life and texting is easy.  Phone is plenty fast but I don`t install a lot of apps that would slow me down.  Browser works great so why install a memory hogging app.

very smooth operation. high end phone in affordable price range. highly recommend! Very happy with it so far. superb battery life![...]

If you are interested in this phone and are being scared away by these negative surrounding comments about its minimal internal memory, no need to worry, I took it upon myself to take that risk and spend my hard earned money on this phone and now I am here writing a review with great satisfaction. First of all I know what you all might be thinking, after reading all these reviews about the &#34;bloatware&#34; virgin mobile packs with this phone there is just absolutely no space left to download Apps for your own enjoyment. Its my pleasure to inform you that this isnt really the case. Sure the 1.24 GB usable internal memory left me torn whether to spend a little more and avoid the headache or just take the chance. Well here's the inside scoop, upon activating it I was first brought to a screen called the &#34;Application Manager&#34; which allowed me to actually see all the preloaded apps that came with the phone. IF YOU ARE CONCERNED ABOUT INTERNAL MEMORY TO NOT ZOOM PAST THIS SCREEN. It allowed me to get rid of 3+ apps such as a Dictionary App, a Translator App, and a few others. Those first 2 I mentioned each take up a good 20-30 MB and after uninstalling them, you make yourself a handy amount of space. Then once you have been activated and your phone is in good working use, go ahead under the applications tab in &#34;settings&#34; to see what more you can uninstall. In most cases you wont be using plenty of those apps that come preloaded.Another thing. Before jumping head over heels and purchasing this phone and then going on to write a bad review about it because you cant download all your favorite apps, do some research within your current phone and see how much internal memory you use. Chances are you'll see that number under 1GB. But hey I get it as much as the next guy, you're an app user and if you need more space, go ahead and look for something with more space! There's no shame in that!What I can tell you is for all of those looking at these reviews and reading people scream &#34;Wow I only could download 2 apps before  the phone alerted me &#34;low internal memory!&#34; &#34;; I was able to download and update all of the following current apps: Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Snapchat, and Clash of Clan. It comes preloaded with a gmail app and google maps so dont need to worry about those.Some could argue im not a huge app user and yeah Ill admit im not but for those who are looking at this and saying &#34;wow only 2 apps and my phone is full?&#34; Dont listen to it because you can get more than that and still not have your phone alert you for low internal memory.Other positives: The battery is excellent, nice and slim, both front and back camera are good (front camera is OKAY just need to make sure the lighting is good), decent speakers, and an overall very crisp screen.All in all, if you use low sized apps like the ones i mentioned above, and maybe the occasional one or two bigger games, this phone will do you just fine. Its got everything and not to mention android 4.1.2. DONT BE SCARED BY OTHER REVIEWS where the users just expect too much out of this phone. Remember this isnt a computer and any smartphone, or more or less, any device doesn't run its best when its loaded up with a bunch of apps all the way to redline. Just know what you use, how much space you use, and decide from there!

I will gave 5 star but because the software does not allow the user to use the micro SD car as an extra memory for your apps, restring the user to use only the internal memory, something that you can run out of it in a short time if you like to have lots of apps. Otherwise the phone it is awesome.

The good: 4G, screen, fast and has epic battery life.The bad: Not enough ROM, WIFI has died and probably no update from 4.1.2.Verdict: Flawed but much better than low end devices.

Not sure if it is because I switched from such an older phone (Optimus V), but this thing is awesome. I always wondered why people were always on their phones, and finally know why. I hated being on my old phone because it took forever to do anything. This thing flies. Apps are fast, network is fast. I was deciding between the iPhone 4s and this phone, and went with this because it has 4G. When I am on 4G, it is crazy fast. The only negative that I see so far is the camera on the same side as the screen. It is a bit dark, and trying to take a picture in normal room light is pretty poor. Oh, and battery life is great. I dont play intensive games, but am on and off of different apps all day, with a call here and there... and it will last over 24 hours without a charge (pretty surprised really). The size of the phone is perfect. Most phones are too small for me to type on (no, I am not going to make that claim that I have big hands, like everyone else... average I would say), but this one is perfect. I think a phone any bigger would not fit in the pocket well. This one fits perfectly fine with a phone case on it.

Let me speak to 2 groups of users here: app lovers and not.All the positive reviews here are accurate.  Great feel, perfect size (still feels like a phone not a Galaxy S3 or Kindle in my pocket), nice user interface, streams music etc well thanks to its triple-buffering, solid 3g/4g speed, decent reception, AWESOME battery life, will be relevant for years since it runs Jelly Bean.The GLARING negative though comes if you are an above-average user of apps.  The internal storage is paltry-- I was running only 4 of my own apps, 2 were cache-heavy (ie they used ample internal storage) and was constantly given messages about low storage, which affected all phone functioning.  I felt like I was constantly cleaning house just to make it work.  Even if you use the &#34;stop-gap&#34; fixes described in other reviews (uninstalling bloatware apps, disabling ones you can't uninstall like google magazines, clean cache on the regular, move all you can like photos & music to external memory, etc) you will still be constantly battling for space if you like using lots of apps, especially medium to large sized ones (eg over 10MB with ample cache usage).That said, this is a GREAT phone to root.  Sure it will &#34;void your warranty&#34; (if Virgin even finds out), but this is a hundred dollar phone-- do you really have that much to lose?  After rooting I uninstalled all the silly bloatware, and it runs like a champ.  THE best phone I've owned after rooting: a 5-star in fact.  I'm a former cell salesman, so that's saying something.So like I alluded to: buy it UNLESS you're a big app user who doesn't want to root it.  Have fun!

This was a gift for my daughter. .she loves it..she is a teen and we all now they are hard to satisfy. .

I love it, its a lot faster than the last phone i had. It doesnt freeze up on me when using apps or the web, it also doesnt wig out after making a phone call like my last phone was (thats a plus). It takes fast and crisp pictures, the flash is pretty strong and bright. The phone is very lite in weight. Watching videos on youtube loads fast with the 3g/4g speed, very good crisp picture quality when watching it in HQ. The down part is the phone memory storage but that doesnt bother me cause i dont use that much apps. Im very happy with this phone.

I got this phone and Virgin Mobile plan to replace my outrageously expensive plan with Verizon. I've had the phone for 4 full months, and it has been working fine. I recommend getting a case or silicone cover for it, as when it drops the back piece pops off very easily. Battery life has been good, lasting almost three days, but i also don't stream movies or music, so for basic phone/text/email use it's great. I am getting the messages already regarding disc or storage space/usage running low and to delete programs, apps, and widgets - this is really frustrating since I have 0 widgets and only have literally 5 apps downloaded. Hasn't crapped out on me yet though.

I guess my review is relative because I upgraded from a pretty antiquated(as far as tech is concerned) LG Optimus Slider after two years of use.I'm not a heavy apps user so I know that there have been several complaints about the limited 1.2GB built in memory and for me that's negligible. I just need a smart phone that I can use messaging apps like Whatsapp and browse the Internet and maybe use for social media and this phone performs this very well. Quite honestly the speed when I'm browsing using the Chrome browser is surprisingly fast and I feel like I'm connected to a wireless connection with with Nexus 7 tablet.What I'm really impressed with is the battery life of this phone. As a smart phone noob a couple years ago I couldn't believe that my brand new Slider phone only lasted me 5 hrs until a friend schooled me on the use of an app &#34;killer&#34;. Even with the requisite app killer that I apply after each use but I had that on my Optimus Slider I didn't get anywhere quite like the performance that I'm getting with this F3. The battery life doesn't ebb away like with my Slider which I would get maybe a day out of that battery and then would need to top it off at night and then in the morning to start the day. With the F3, I top it off at night, wake up the next morning and the battery is showing 100%. It seems like the battery only drains away noticeably when I'm actually using it which is a really pleasant surprise!There are a couple things I'm not too fond with about this phone and that's the super slick feel of the back of the phone and the speaker. The phone is nice and stream lined and coupled with a really slick back it almost makes it slippery. I've gone and ordered myself a rubberized cover to take care of that issue. As for the speaker, I'm not someone who likes having the phone up by their ear so I always put my calls on speaker or use a headset but prefer using the speaker. The speaker is not very loud and when you crank it up just so you can hear, the distortion is a bit painful especially if the person on the other line laughs or ups the tone of their voice.All in all I highly recommend this phone. I got mine from Best Buy on Black Friday for $89+tax over a Samsung S3 that they had for $300. For what I'm doing, this phone does it well.

The phone itself was great. The only issue I had with it was the low memory coupled with not being allowed to move apps to the sd card. Wasn't a deal breaker, though.

just had the phone a few days but i love it!! If anything changes, ill be sure to update this review, Id buy this phone over again :)

great phone i love it only down side is it is hard to move apps to sd card but other than that great product great price

At this price point, you get a lot of features without having to shell out major money on a device. I bought this for my mom as her first smart phone and I must say, I was pretty impressed. I have an iPhone 5, so it's hard not to compare this phone to mine, but as far as androids go it is pretty nice. Has a nice screen that is clear with good color. It is a bit chunky but is lighter weight wise than my iPhone. Obviously since it is plastic, you can't expect much in the build quality, but the styling is nice and professional looking. The camera is ok, not great, but pictures are usable. The keyboard for messaging is much better than the samsung keyboard I remember from my old android galaxy s2. The operating system is pretty easy to get used to, as I said, my mom is new to smart phones and she picked it up pretty quickly.

First of all the phone looks cool and all but it doesnt have enough storage to download apps from the play store plus you cant watch youtube videos if you update the new youtube app if you aint picky keep the old youtube app that one works fine sometimes the phone gets slow virgin mobile replace me the phone 4 times and still is slow i recommend another phone wish this phone had good peformance and more storage nice looking phone :/

Well virgin mobile service is okay but the phone is amazing! I had an optimus LG elite and that phone was a joke and as it got older it got worse. But the F3 is great supports video on instagram (which my old phone did not) organizing everything on your homepage is a sinch. The small things make it great video camera has light option and good 5m camera. Lots of good bells and whistles.

i just returned the samsung Victory for this and i feel like it was a good choice. i paid $200 for the samsung and it felt kind of slow, and it also feels kind of bulky after holding the F3. even in a silicone case the LG is barely noticeable in my pocket.ive had the optimus V, EVO V 4g 3d, and the victory so far for virgin.  the optimus V was a tough little phone that is still being passed around to friends and family (and used as back up while they sent in there broken galaxys lol). the evo was a nice phone, but it had a few issues and also poor battery life. i didnt like the victorys user interface, it seemed like i traded my adult phone for a little girls phone. clowny keeps comming to mind. didnt have any "normal" tones either.the F3 does not have a camera button, not sure if this will annoy me alot or not yet. the power button on the side instead of the top is taking some getting used too, ive only had it for a day though.camera on the F3 takes pictures instantly with no lag unlike the evo or victory, but picture quality is slightly lower.the F3 appears to have a proximity and light sensor on the front, but no option for auto-brightness that i've found. not really a big deal, just odd.so far the LG FEELS quik and responsive loading apps texting etc.. i will update this review after ive had the phone longer. so far so good. have not been been enough places with it to comment on the 4g LTE coverage or speed yet.battery life is pretty good, above average i would say, it does have a 2450mah battery capacity, the average seems to be 1800mah-2100mah

This is a budget smart phone for sure, but a pretty decent one. As others have noted, there is little internal storage on the phone, which is a problem. But as someone who doesn't have many games or large applications, it's not a huge problem for me.The battery life is excellent, the 4G is OK but spotty in my area (not the phone's fault) otherwise it works quickly enough, and it is very sleek, if a little bit slippery. I went from a phone that had a physical keyboard and I've found that texting on this touchscreen keyboard is pretty easy, which was a nice surprise.Overall, as someone who just needs a smart phone to view websites and run apps like Angry Birds and Google Maps, I'm very happy for the price. For those who fit that profile, I would certainly recommend this phone.

Compared to the V, this phone is AMAZING however, yes - there are quite a few much better phones out there. I got this for my wife who only uses her phone for things like 'Words with Friends' and texting pictures, so this was great. And cheap - at only $150 when I got it for the Virgin month - month no contract, it was right what I was looking for.

Bought this phone at Metro PCS with a 70.00 rebate bringing the total price to $80.00. It works well. The first one I bought did not work and I had to bring it back after 17 days of use. The second one works great!

Phone glitches soo much!!! Boyfriend was very upset... We waited a while but finally had to upgrade to a descent phone, this one was slow and terrible. Too much money for something that doesn't work

This phone worked great for three weeks. I liked it. It has basic features and little else. However, after using the &#34;Quiet Mode&#34; one time, the phone will now go into quiet mode uncommanded at unpredictable intervals. I do not have the quiet mode scheduler activated. Beware that &#34;quiet mode&#34; is different from silent mode. Should your Optimus F3 fail, you will receive no alerts for missed calls, voicemail or texts received. Until the user manually deactivates quiet mode, the phone is a brick.

Excellent no contract phone bought for my hubby,who just talks,but now has the option to learn how to text and be on the web

This is an excellent upgrade for anyone with the HTC EVO V or 3D.  The OS isn't so bloated with crapware and the battery life is awesome.  I can go two days on a charge instead of 9 hours like my old phone.

I really love this phone. It has fast processor and can run pretty much anythings! The call quality is great too!!

A few months ago I upgraded to the LG Optimus F3 from Virgin Mobile's own Kyocera Event. This has proved to be a good decision on my part. It's an entry level phone for sure, but for the asking price (about a third of what you'd pay for the similarly-spec'd Samsung Galaxy S3, as of my writing this) you're unlikely to find a better 4G phone.The F3 boasts a 1.2 GHz dual-core processor and 1 GB of RAM, as well as 4G network access. These specs, while not fantastic, have been more than enough to suit my (admittedly modest) needs. You'll be able to switch between various tasks and open widgets on the fly with barely any noticeable lag. The F3 also runs on Android 4.1.2, which includes a great deal of the advancements found in later iterations of the OS. These specs are all well and good, but this brings me to the phone's one major flaw, and the reason I didn't give it five stars: the on-board memory. Supposedly the F3 has 4 GB on on-board memory, but in practice most of that will be irreversibly occupied with pre-installed software before you even open the box. This leaves you with just under a 1.25 GB budget for installing your own desired apps. Note that this does not include apps that are automatically installed, such as the Google Play Apps and various on-board LG software. Normally I'd recommend moving apps to a Micro SD card, but this phone's OS has blocked that for some reason. You will have to budget memory very carefully to be able to fit your desired apps onto this phone; If gaming is a make-or-break aspect for you, I'd recommend skipping the F3 for that reason alone. However, if your needs are relatively minor, then the on-board memory should suffice, albeit barely. But it would have been nice to have a few extra gigs on there. Supposedly there is a workaround for this via rooting your phone, but I have yet to try that, so I can't verify if it actually works.The good news here is that the F3 has great battery life. During times when I've used my phone sparingly, I've been able to go for upwards of two full days without needing to charge it, and I have yet to have it die on me at an inopportune time. Even with heavy use, you're unlikely to run out of juice in the middle of the day. The OS also allows you to set up an automatic battery level at which to put the phone into power-saving mode, so even if your battery does run low you'll be able to stretch its life a bit longer.The F3's physical build is what you'd expect for the price - it feels light without feeling cheap or flimsy, with a grooved back plate that can be a bit tricky to pry off if you need to access the battery or replace the Micro SD card. It boasts a four-inch screen whose resolution, while not amazing, is more than bright and clear enough for navigating through menus, texting, playing the occasional game, and even watching the videos. The speaker on the back is of low quality, but that won't matter if you plug in some headphones or external speakers. Given that the build is so light, I'd recommend buying a case for it, as I don't think I'd trust it not to break if I dropped it on a hard surface. Connectivity will largely depend on where you are geographically, but my experience in that regard has been good; I haven't had any calls dropped thus far, and the call quality has been acceptable. The F3 is also good about switching back and forth between 3G and 4G, depending on where you are.If you're looking for a decent, reliable smartphone on a Virgin Mobile plan, look no further. It doesn't boast the specs of the Samsung Galaxy S line, or the physical build quality of HTC phones, but for the price you'd be hard pressed to find a better, more fully-featured smartphone.

You sent me the wrong phone you sent me the  lg optimus not the lg optimus f3 the lg optimus f3 is the phone i order so how are going to fix this i one it took 3week from i order the for the wrong one to get here

OK, so this isn't the latest and greatest android phone on the market, but it is so much better than expected.  I bought it to replace my 2nd HTC Evo 3D that was severely damaged after a short fall in a protective case. I expected serviceable, but I got much more.I started with another carrier and a top of the line Motorola Droid, so I never expected to be impressed by this LG, and yet I am. This is my ninth android phone and the sixth purchased for Virgin Mobile. Even if I pay $100 a year in equipment costs, the low monthly fee makes Virgin Mobile a deal for anyone who uses there phone for as much data and texting as I do.

This phone had to potential to be really good. Biggest problem is lack of storage. The phone comes with a lot of apps preloaded that can't be uninstalled, and they use up a lot of storage leaving little room for your apps. I have 14 apps I've downloaded and installed and the phone is constantly displaying a warning that I am out of space. And there is no way to have my apps loaded on my SD card! It is always looking for WiFi, even when I have it turned off. And if it does find any WiFi in the area it stops all running apps and asks you to connect to the WiFi. If you close out this request window it continues to reopen the window until either you sign into the network or you are no longer in range. So if you are using a navigation program for directions and drive by a Starbucks, the phone closes the navigation program and asks you to sign into the Starbucks network. Annoying. It is also slow to connect to the network and to download anything. I was trying to access the same information as my wife and her Samsung was able to get the info a lot faster than I could with this phone. It also looses connectivity before other phones will on the same network. I will be replacing this soon with another phone.

It has a few issues, like not being able to move things from the phone to the SD card. Had I known this, it would probably have been a deal breaker. BUT, I am working around that, and on the whole, I like it.

I can't tell you enough about how much my son loves his phone! It seems to do everything he wants it to and more. Might I add he's like most teens that are picky about there phones, you know it always has to have all the bells and whistles. Thanks for a great phone, one less thing to worry about.

I got this phone for my son.  He loved the phone until he tried to load a few apps and ran out of storage.  Great phone if you don't use a lot of apps.

This phone was a present for my boyfriend. He had a really old phone. Now with this one he can do everything; text go online, send emails and check emails. He really likes it.

I bought this phone from A big chain store. I love everything about this phone except the Not being able to save to the SD card. I will give this phone only a three star rating do to the SD card problems.

I picked this up retail for $155 at wallyworld which is strange since it's listed as $180 online. Anyway, I had the motorola triumph before this and the battery would die constantly, dropped calls, random freezes then just wouldn't boot about a year later. This phone is a foxy dream in comparison. The battery lasts all day even with heavy use. I havn't had any issues with slow downs or crashes from too many apps and have installed 4 times as many apps on this phone as the previous. The only con is the speaker is terrible but easily fixable with external ones. The 4g LTE network is amazing in the areas that I've tried it. Anyone who's on 3g and has a 4g network available should be running to the store for a new phone as it's like going from the days of dial up to cable. All in all I'm thrilled with this phone.

Bought this phone thinking It was a reasonable alternative to a very lightly used Samsung Galaxy II. Basically all I do is I check a few emails, I send some texts and make some calls. I figured I could do without the big fancy Samsung Galaxy II.I locked myself into a 2 year contract with Sprint and started to try and use this phone. Like many users reported here I was happy at first. Battery life was good and it was smaller, lighter and worked essentially the same way as the Samsung. Three months in the problems started. I downloaded - 1 yes ONE app (evernote) and all of sudden all my updates could not update as there was no memory. I bought a memory card (quite a large one) and that is when I found out all the apps on the phone can't be moved to the memory card.So I took evernote off and thought things would return to normal. They never did and only got worse. Finally the screen went blank and the phone ceased working 6 months into my contract.Sprint won't help - Lg says I bent the motherboard? and won't honor my warranty. Plus their phone people are really rude.What is the mother board? How could I bend it when I don't even know what it is? I put this phone in a tough rubberized case the day it came out of the box and I can't recall ever dropping it or having any mishap with it ( on the other hand my galaxy was so large and did not fit in my pocket so I dropped it many times and it kept right on working)This phone and LG are both horrible and you will be far better off spending a little more money and going with a Samsung product.On the upside of my fiasco I was able to downgrade my phone plan with Sprint to almost nothing and move on to another carrier. This is a change since the last time I checked the rules. So I have a cheap spare phone to make calls on or lend to friends while I ride out the sprint contract. They lost me as a good long term multiple account customer over this.The LG F3 is simply a Bad product and LG offers abysmal customer service

If you're after a modern smartphone for a reasonable price, you could do far worse than the Optimus F3. So far I love my new phone. My only nitpicks are the side placement of the power/lock button (makes it difficult to squeeze the power button without accidentally squeezing the volume buttons located directly across on the other side), and the physical home button (which seems a bit clunky compared to its touchscreen neighbors).Other people have complained about the small internal memory allotment and poor quality camera, but both are lightyears ahead of the phone I upgraded from. First world problems, people.

Actually the phone itself seems good, but don't get it if you plan to use it to accept credit cards. I couldn't get the square or the paypal reader to work.

I paid $99 for this phone and to me it has been well worth it.  It is not a top tier phone like the Nexus 5 but it fits my bill.  You are able to remove most of the VM bloatware they install without rooting.  If you are into rooting and doing custom roms this may not be the phone for you.  Currently there are no custom roms for this phone since the bootloader is locked.  In order to be able to save apps to the microsd you need to root the phone.  Otherwise depending on how may apps you install you will fill the phone up quickly. The phone is light and battery is removable.  It is very similar to the Elite in fit and finish.

I can only fit about 20 apps on my phone at a time.  Waste of money.  It freezes all the time, too.

why make it impossible to store apps on external memory without rooting?counter-intuitive changes to gps/directionsincompatible with all my bluetooth extrasfroze/lost connection all around townwent back to my Elite

Most of the reviews on this phone are pretty accurate. The F3 is relatively compact and comfy in hand. The screen resolution is far from the sharpest available but photos and text and images seem especially vibrant on this phone compared to most in the same price range on Virgin. Build quality though, while super plistic-y, seems solidly made. 4G speed is as good as promised, it's rather sad storage limitations mean you can't make the best use of heftier apps and games in your library.The LG skin slid over the Android OS (4.1) is not especially exciting, in fact, it's rather text heavy, yet, very clear and easy to navigate through. It's unlikely you'll get confused locating your apps and the various features of the F3 using it. Speaking of apps, LG must be seriously penalized for shipping a phone with only 1.2GB of useable memory and then blocking users from installing apps on a (up to 32GB!) memory card. Many have blamed the version of Android for this horrific problem- it ain't true. The blame falls squarely in LG for this this terrible design choice as there is no reason for any current Android phone to not be able to store and run apps from a card with ease. Sure, storing music, video and other media on the card is nice. But with so, so many apps available that can easily be run from the space of a SD card, intentionally crippling a good product like this is both insulting and infuriating.For instance, the F3 comes with Polaris' document viewer. A decent enough program. However, if you should want to want to edit or create such docs in the bus depot- you'll need an app like Polaris Office or QuickOffice. These are comparatively large programs, so, you'll chew up lots of system RAM. Many games and podcast libraries that should play generally well on this phone, because of their size, will not be able to entertain you with this limitation. A shame really. This issue can be addressed in a firmware update, but, don't hold your breath waiting for VM to open the gates for such a needed bit of code.The F3's speaker isn't exactly a strong point either. Overall, while it gets adequate volume for conversations or music, at higher levels all audio becomes startlingly sharp. There's some odd distortion was heard during conversations with the volume cranked up. The speaker should scare away music fans, but, it will get the job done in a pinch. It's best to stick with earbuds as often as possible.The four-inch screen sports an exceptionally standard resolution of 480x800. It's far fron the highest resolution but, pictures and text seem somewhat clearer compared to most other similarly priced VM phones. The battery life is the true stunner here. With up to 16 hours of continuous power available, many users should last almost all day even with pretty heavy wi-fi use.The Optimus F3 is a good phone. Performance is passable and the screen is quite nice. The speaker is rather disappointing. Still, it's the blocking of access for apps to sd card that kills off much functionality. This 'feature' really brings the phone down to a level of mediocrity it should have easily avoided.The F3 is a solid and potentially speedy phone that should have been a real contender.

I've had this phone for six months. It's a great phone, my only complaint is how little storage space it has. The battery life is great compared to other Androids I've owned. I've also dropped it countless times, it has the nicks and scratches to prove it, but has never affected its performance. It's a great deal overall.

upgraded from my lg optimus slider and i can honestly say i love this phone. ive had it almost a month and no problems, which is more than i can say about my old phone which i bought directly from the virgin mobile website. going from that to this phone i am overjoyed with the amount of internal memory, yes it could have more but it could also have a lot less. i have basically every social networking app up to date and still have extra room, i love everything about it. the battery life is FANTASTIC. im shocked it was this cheap.

best Phone

Upgrade my phone from a lg slider and this is a big jump. Safe to say im very happy with the lg f3. The price is just about right the only flaws is the internal memory is 1.24 gb. Even with an expand 32 gb mini sd cant transfer apps on over. Unless im missing something? Its not a big deal breaker for me yet because ill be able to hold off til years to get a new phone again. That will have the specs at the same price and it would be standard to have more internal memory. The next is the front facing camera .3 megapixel is what you would expect an old vga web cam to look like. Lg held off putting 1.3 into this model. Taking front facing pic is no good. The only real use is to video chat with it. The 5 mega pixel in the back makes up for taking snapshots. Speaker for listening to music when bass comes on sounds like a mini blown speaker at times.  lol but all on all if i were to compare i would say the specs of the Lg f7 is what i would want to become standard.  The lg f7 comes with a price tag of 299.99 and is only a small step up.  Virgin mobile doesnt carry the lg f7 or at lease not now.  So the price of the lg f3 make for the better deal.

This cell phone will be use only for Virgin mobile.Thanks. you can go ahead and get one day. If you do need one

This phone meets all my needs and them some.  Just the right size, approximately the same size as the iPhone 5.  Preloaded with all the features and apps you could want.

I love this phone! I rate it 4 stars because I wish it had more internal memory but other than that it's been terrific! :)

OK but the limited memory is frustrating at times.  Also the process of moving all audio files manually after downloading them is tedious but necessary since they all download to 'SD0' rather than 'SD_External'.  I have yet to figure out how to move app files to the SD card which I have been told is possible.Other than the above issues the phone is well worth the money.  I am especially happy to finally get LTE which works extremely well when WiFi is not available.

Great phone for teen or anyone powerful enough to run all apps well and has great battery life might not be as strong as much more expansive phones but hold its own

I just bought this phone hoping to upgrade from previous LG VM670. The previous LG is a great little Phone despite my almost 2 and a half years of rough treatment. I'm going to get another  VM670. If I just got the F3 and it's already giving me problems then I just want my previous phone. I don't recall ever getting a dropped call from my older model. This one seems cheap. It's also pretty slow considering it comes preloaded with so much junk software. Very disappointed.

Our family has 3 of them. Plenty of app storage, durable, and quick. If you are looking for a phone with a sharp reasonably sized screen with plenty of processing power to back it up, look no further.

Its a good phone, lg is good product, just wish it would come with more phone memory.  Maybe one of these days.

1. I've dropped it a few times and the back comes off and battery pops out so get a case to hold it together.2. Internal memory of 1.9 gb is a problem when you take pictures. It automatically puts them into internal memory and there you go = error messages. So be careful to go thru ALL apps that give you a choice and select external drive for storage. That means camera apps, audiobook apps, music apps at least. And the name of internal memory is SD0 which is usually the extra memory so confusing.(NOTE: Amazon cloud player does not allow storing music on the external drive! If you are out of range or want to avoid airtime charges, no music!)3. Battery life is good. I play audiobooks all day (via Bluetooth) and battery holds up even though I left GPS on. I'm impressed.4. Don't plan on using any of the "apps to SD" applications on the market. Manufacturer does not support it. Has to be rooted (and I'm not going there)5. Compass is sub-par - there is one but all apps report that it is nonfunctional. Extremely disappointing if you want to use with Google Sky Map. It doesn't work.The 4GB internal memory is actually a removable card...................UPDATE: The 4GB internal memory card (other than the external memory)is removable, that's why I asked if it could be replaced with a larger capacity card BUT: I finally took it out and looked at it. Even though it looks like a regular sd card on top, turning it over shows it has entirely different contacts on it. So while the fact that it is removable Implies the manufacturer has plans to allow replacements, standard sd cards will definitely NOT fit.....................

I liked this phone enough to buy it again when the first got a virus and died. I wish it were not set up to load a bunch of google apps I will never use. This version came with a charger that is much faster than the first I owned.

Im giving it two stars because I have had multiple issues during my 4 months of use with mine, and my sister has had many of the same issues.First the swype keyboard constantly breaks and wont appear and then wont type and then we have to delete the app and reset the phone to get it back.It freezes a lot doing small tasks. It has little internal memory and does not allow you to save apps to sd cards.The camera has a sound that you cant turn off only change the tone between a few choices.the qslide quick lanch menu is not customization enough. Location apps such as maps and weather apps are very slow to update on both our phones.The auto wifi does not ever really turn wifi off to save battery like many other phonesThe front camera is a step above useless. .3mp is really really useless I wouldnt even snapchat with it....Another annoying thing about the internal memory is anytime it gets low an icon appears that you can not ignore or remove except by clearing memory, Just like swype has a keyboard icon that is always present  The sd card slot requires you to remove your battery.The micro sd card then needs to be &#34;scanned&#34; any time your phone is restarted. I have a 32gb card that has maybe 1gb used by pictures and such, it takes over 45 minutes to &#34;scan&#34; my media. During that time I can not take pictures or receive any in texts.

Nice phone ! I got it at Best Buy fer $89 + on black Friday. Just using it fer Wi-Fi  ,music & video so far. Works great. Screen is fine=size. ROOT easy.Just don't expect to use it for gaming cuz limited internal SD. Fast enough to do it though. After ROOT you can move a lot over...[...]  Best deal I ever got on a phone !UPDATE : Even after rooting I can't, for the life of me, move or get apps to download to the SD card. Although it is a new android problem ( Since 4.0 ) that just means the phone should have came with more memory. Come on LG mem is cheep. Come on android fix the problem ! ( They are supposed to be working on it. Yea right ! ) Waiting for custom ROM to come out... Problem not fixed then next phone will be windows !

Since my last LG Optimus Elite failed after a couple of years, I was looking for an upgrade and stayed with LG. Reading other customer's reviews about the battery life of the F3, and the Elite's battery life was sad, I tried it. Battery life was by far superior. Elite's standby  time was less than 6 hours at best if you used it very little, and the F3's will go all day with use, and with light use, almost 2 days. The Elite was 3G, the F3 is 4G, and the processor's time is faster. The display is brighter and clearer. It does have a few extra bells and whistles that are nice.Now for the let down. Internal memory is ridiculously small, but since I was able to put any apps I downloaded onto the Elite's external SD card, I figured: no big deal. BIG deal. F3 not only won't let that happen, it also has decided you can't uninstall the many factory installed apps that are completely useless to me, so the internal memory is already depleted when you buy it. With less than a third of the apps I had in the Elite in the F3, I can't install any more.Here's another not so important but really annoying none the less, maps. No more Google Earth. Elite had it. No more Street View. Elite had it. Think you can use a functioning compass? Complete fail. Tried many apps  to calibrate it. Complete fail. This is important to me for my job as well as personal use. Lost a lot of features that were good to have in the Elite maps.In a nutshell: great battery life, 4G...lousy memory and lacking programs= 2 steps forward, 1 step back. Hardly an &#34;upgrade&#34;.

This phone is absurdly good for the ~$80 I paid for it. Yes there is not a ton of space for apps, and that sucks, but literally everything else is incredible. The small amount of storage still holds all the apps I really need (the only thing I can't really do is install a ton of games on it, and I have things like my 3DS and Vita for that anyway). It's quick, relatively lag free, a majority of bloat can be removed, and the battery life has absolutely floored me. I upgraded to this from an Optimus V, as newer updates were slowly killing it off and it was no longer usable, and I've not charged it in 3 days, and still have over 50% battery left. I barely made it a day or two on the V without needing a charge. 480x800 resolution screen looks absolutely fine, and the smaller size makes it perfectly usable one-handed (as every phone should be).You'd honestly be stupid to pay any more for a phone. Godlike. Love it. Now if it gets a CyanogenMod port, it will be absolutely perfect.

I had the Kyocera Rise before this beauty. The KR was a piece of absolute trash. The phone is great. It supports Jelly Bean, rumor has it LG will push out Kit Kat to some of their products (including this one). The phone itself is really light, but super fast. It can handle some quick app switching without giving a lag. The camera quality is amazing for a 5 MP, and the .3 MP is nothing to be ashamed about. I love the different customization you can have on this phone that come with the phone already. And my favorite feature has to be the LED light notification around the home button (mind you, it can get pretty bright in the dark, but it probably wont be a bother if it's not right in your face.)

Have this phone for less than a month. It doesbwhat I need.  I am not a high end user so storage capacity complaints in some reviews are not an issue for me.  Great battery life. Light weight. Works great.

Delivery was on time.The phone performs well.The savings were considerable.  The price of a new phone and having to sign a contract were bypassed

This is the WORST phone ever.  DO NOT expect to download any apps.

Excellent phone. Works great under a college students heavy usage, and has yet to give way. Personaly, the screen is plastic, which is nice for someone like me who seems to enjoy dropping their phone. Worst thing that has happend to it from 5 feet, is the battery falling out. Runs the newest version of andriod, so in theory it should be up to date for a while.I would highly reccomend this phone

Love the features. Love the price. Fits in my pocket but the screen is large and easy to see. Has guerrilla glass and is tough!  So clear! Fast processing. Great photo quality. Good sound. My only complaint is the memory but I bought a micro sd card and solved that problem. It takes micro sd and sdhc up to 32 GB. Not only would recommend but have recommended this phone and even bought a second one for a family member.

I've owned 2 Samsung smartphones. I decided to try the LG after reading the reviews. I was delighted with the phone after receiving it. The battery life is the most impressive. It lasts more than 24 hours under normal use, something the Samsungs never came close to. Everything on the phone operates quickly. Lots of great features.After a few weeks the phone started acting up. When I would turn on the phone it would only light up as a blank grey screen. I had to turn it off and back on to make it work. I contacted LG and of course as all these brilliant tech support people tell you, they want you to take out the battery and reboot the phone. I told them I had already done that but they asked that I do it again. It didn't remedy the issue. They transferred me to an expert and he was of no help either. So they said I would need to ship the phone to them and wait approximately 7 days to get my phone back. Ummm hello...how does one survive without their phone that long?? Most people don't have landlines these days. To ask someone to be without a phone for that long is ridiculous. A real company with good customer support would overnight a new phone and have you return their faulty phone at their expense. Needless to say, I'm extremely disappointed with LG. I work hard for my money. I aim to buy reliable products from a company that will provide outstanding service after the sale. I will not be purchasing any LG products ever again.

Great phone and features, easy to use and very friendly user, display is clear and icons were easily identified, love it.

Great phone! Video plays good. Nice and easy to multi task. The phone has a long battery life but slow to charge.

I like the size, the features, and how fast this phone is.  The price I paid for it was spectacular for the phone I received.  Very happy with it!

Switched from an old HTC model to this one. Cannot be more happy, esp given the price. Everything you could hope for in a phone! Very impressed with its many features! Highly recommend if you're switching to Virgin.

great for those who don't wanna dump 300 dollars on a phone. runs great and can play a surprising variety of games.

I LOVE THIS CELLULAR PHONE.  IT IS SO LIGHT WEIGHT AND THAT IS IMPORTANT TO ME.  AS SOON AS I RECEIVED IT WENT AND BOUGHT A NO CONTRACT PLAN AND NOW I'M ENJOYING IT.  THANK YOU

I bought the LG Optimus F3 because it had the same performance levels of more expensive models. I decided to purchase another Virgin Mobile device after my LG Optimus V stopped working. I had that phone for about 3-4 years and eventually stopped charging properly. I chose Amazon over the VM website because the Optimus F3 was $15 dollars cheaper. I ordered the phone and went to track it online via Lasership. I couldn't track the phone for several days until it arrived at the nearest processing facility by my home. I was worried the person I bought the phone from didn't send the item. I purchased two day shipping and the phone was two days late. I would advise the company selling these phones to chose a different carrier. The phone came in the standard VM box just like you buy at the store. My plan went from $25 a month to $35 once I activated the device. I was unable to transfer my SD card contents from my old phone to the F3. My new phone didn't come with an SD card. I think it has sufficient internal storage though. It features a front camera and works with Skype once downloaded. I haven't had any problems with the phone. It charges much faster than my old phone. The screen is bright, good sound, great pictures and I'm almost always in the 4G coverage area. The F3 is definitely an upgrade the Optimus V I'm glad I purchased it.

There are some problems here.  When I got this phone, I let myself be suckered by Best Buy into picking it up for around $200.  Huge mistake there.  I could have gotten the Virgin Mobile Supreme for the same price, but I wanted a phone and this was the best they were offering, from the outside specs.The good: The 1.2ghz processor works well.  It does get bogged down and needs a reboot every few days for optimum performance, but it does what I really need it too.  I've thrown many non-3D apps at it and it works nicely.  I had to uninstall the majority of those, but more on that later.  It's filled with the usual suite of Android apps that are useful, and for most people, it's all you really need.  It works well as a phone, gets decent reception, the 4g on Virgin is quite acceptable, giving me load times only slightly slower, that I've noticed, than my 25mbit Comcast (not that I ever get close to the 25mbit at home, but still).  The plan is worth the $35 a month, since I barely use the minutes I have every month, let alone get close to going over.  It's easy to use, quick, and the screen is adequate for reading most websites.  It takes some pretty big SD cards, which is nice, considering some of the downfalls here.  The thing is quite solid, both feeling and acting.  I've dropped it in a cheap case dozens of times with little more than a &#34;thud&#34;.  No cracked screen, no errors, and we're talking at least from pocket-height here.  Maybe not late-90s Nokia durable, but way better than mid-2000s smartphones.  I could never confirm whether it has gorilla glass or not, but I haven't used a screen cover, and for the past 8 months or so, it's showing little more than some smudges from fingerprints, with not a scratch on it.The BAD: First and foremost, this is basically a budget phone.  I've had great experiences with some LG electronics.  I have an LG TV and LG monitor, but I think I'll pass on ever getting another LG phone.  My mom has had two complete duds, and now mine is giving me grief.  The biggest complaint I have is that the phone comes with a whopping 1gb of internal memory, which equals out to about 800mb of usable memory.  This is pretty much unacceptable and inexcusable for a modern phone.  While you can upgrade to a 32gb microSD card, this phone *will not* allow you to automatically put apps on the SD card.  It is &#34;emulated&#34;.  I'm not even completely sure what that means, but in practice, it means you can't have the phone store apps on it.  Rooting, unlocking, and downloading a myriad of programs allows you to &#34;link&#34; the apps to your SD card, but there's still a remnant of the apps on there, and any big apps just aren't going to fit before you link them.  Sure, Candy Crush will install fine, but if you want someone bigger, you're out of luck with this thing.Overall, for the price here on Amazon, I'd say it's worth it if you're not looking to upgrade from another smart phone.  If you want high-quality, save up for the Virgin Mobile Supreme or maybe the Samsung Galaxy.  Bigger screens, more storage, faster CPU, all-around higher-quality.  I just wish this thing at least came with a 4gb internal memory or didn't &#34;emulate&#34; the SD card.

My bro bought this phone through my prime account. What a nice phone it is. Great screen. Moves through menus flawlessly. 4g connection is fast as hell. Responsive touch screen. Call quality is also flawless.

I've just recently upgraded from a Kyocera Rise to this LG Optimus 3.  I love the battery life, as well as the functionality of the device.  The only thing I'm kinda iffy on is the fact that there's not too much storage on the device.  I've bought a SD card for the phone to place music and such on it.  To me it's an upgrade. One thing that annoys me though is the small LG keyboard.  Other than those, I like it.

We have purchased this phone and the samsung galaxy victory and prefer the overall speed and performance of the LG F3

With Virgin Mobile's ever-expanding roster of Android (and now iOS) phones, it's safe to say the Optimus F3 is somewhere between an entry-level and mid-range device in the world of prepaid mobile.  The dual-core processor is powerful enough to handle most apps, with the exception of some demanding 3D titles.  The 4" screen is certainly above average for a phone in this category, but it might disappoint those hoping for an S3/iPhone 5 experience.  Probably the most enticing aspect of the F3 is its battery life.  This is one of the few Virgin Mobile Android phones I've had (and I've had many) that can easily go a full day on a complete charge.  With the Moto Triumph and EVO 4G, you were lucky to make it to mid-afternoon before the low battery notifications began firing off.Being a entry-level/mid-range device, you'll find most of the hardware to be entirely  acceptable but not incredible.  The camera does a serviceable job at 5MP and has a very quick response.  It also shoots HD video fluidly enough to share with your social circle without having to apologize for the quality.  The touch screen and buttons also respond in a way that most people would find sufficient.The two biggest complaints I've seen -- speaker quality and internal memory  -- are certainly merited.  However, this is a sub-$200 phone, so not everything is going to be the absolute best.  The speaker will probably be annoyance for anyone who listens to music or uses speakerphone.  It is pretty weak and distorts at higher volumes.  Bluetooth and/or a good pair of headphones can solve that problem easily, however.  The lack of memory (1 GB internal) isn't a huge problem for me personally, but if you're an app-aholic who simply can't let go of your more infrequently used titles, the F3's minimal storage could pose a logistical hurdle.For a phone under $200, the Optimus is definitely a good value.  It has some nice features, like NFC, 4G LTE capability, and Corning Gorilla Glass 2, you wouldn't normally expect in this price tier.  If the speaker was a little better, and it had more internal memory, there's no doubt this phone would be the best value in all of prepaid mobile.  As it is, the F3 certainly deserves the four-star rating I gave it in this review.

Very affordable and a great phone! Get all the bells & whistles without paying an arm & an leg :)

Need I say more... It does what its supposed to do.  The app memory is unfortunate but there are easy instructions online to solve that problem.

I bought this phone from Best Buy about three days ago and so far it's great. I had the Motorola Triumph for about two years and really liked it at first. However, there were never any upgrades to the os, so it was tremendously outdated. This seems to be a great phone (at least so far)Pros; Crystal clear pictures, great screen, very fast, smooth handling, not too large or too smallCons; Cannot move apps to sd card.UPDATE 10/3.... So after a week or two I have to add that this phone is really durable. I have put it through hell in just a short period of time. Dropping on concrete over and over and it still is like new. Great phone, especially for the low price.

Great phone with many apps and useful features.  I have bought another one already for my wife, she loves it.

I bought my LG Optimus F3 for Virgin Mobile about two months ago. The very first thing I would recommend is that you immediately root your phone. Seriously. You can un root the phone easily if you need to use your warranty, and if you find yourself unable to do so, it was only $80... No brainer.What I like about the phone:This is a slim, lightweight phone. When you have free memory it's quite fast. The camera is decent for the price of the phone. If you are able to get 4G, it's pretty snappy. WiFi is pretty standard. Everything works how it should. The battery life is pretty alrightWhat I don't like about the phone: The screen is a little small. Not small enough that I feel limited, but it could be larger. The screen does look nice though, and the gorilla glass is pretty durable. My biggest complaint is that even if you mount a micro SD card to the phone, you have to manually transfer apps to the storage device. There is a very simple fix for this. Root the phone, partition your SD card, and download as much as you want. I have a ton of apps and a large number of songs from Spotify and the phone still zips through menus like new. Anyone that tells you this phone is slow is simply using it wrong and should shut up and read.Brief summary: Buy it, buy an SD card, root it, and move on with life. This is a cheap phone on a cheap plan.

This phone may not have all the bells and whistles, but it does just fine and for the low price its great!

I love my new phone!  It is everything I wanted.  I almost bought a different phone for twice the price, but I'm so glad I saved the money and got the F3.  This phone is light weight, fast, and the battery lasts for days!  The camera is better than my old phone.

Overall, the phone works well for me. Call quality is ok. Screen size is nice. Runs fast enough. Not a great deal of onboard storage, but I don't use too many apps so it's a non-issue for me.The major complaint I have is that within a few weeks of having the phone a huge speck of dust showed up under the screen dead-center. It's pretty darn distracting.

I just graduated from a dumbphone. This is my first smartphone and I didn't know how unconnected I was. I ordered two of these. One had a blown speaker on the speakerphone so I returned it. Amazon replaced it before I could even ship it out. But that's how great Amazon's customer service is. The only thing I miss is more memory. I have an SD card in it but not all of the apps will fully transfer to it. I wish the phone had more space but for the price, it's a good phone.

place in the amazon search &#34;android lg unlocked cell&#34; and as one of the results throw me the &#34;LG Optimus F3 (Virgin Mobile)&#34;, buy two drives on the 02/03/2014 and the 12/03/2014 pay another $ 96.00 and $ 77.55 to buy them for use in Venezuela and came quickly when trying to use my sim Digitel is not working with operators here and no way to release it seems that this is a misleading and that should correct this article just for the United StatesArturo Floresfrequent customer

I just got this phone yesterday, rooted it right away, swapped external SD for internal, now i have 32 GB of storage for EVERYTHING including apps. Plus wifi tether! LTE is underwhelming for LTE, but it could just be my area. I'm not getting the super speeds others are getting, just what's advertised, so I guess I shouldn't complain...Phone is very snappy with stock kernel. No custom recovery yet, but when kitkat comes out on this phone, it'll be the best budget phone out there. Right now, it's practically a steal.The smaller screen helps a lot with battery life, and it's not apparently pixelated like most say. You get used to it very fast, and it looks very sharp. The viewing angles are fantastic due to it having an IPS panel, and gorilla glass 2 is thinner so the LCD is closer, helping brightness and colors look great.The camera is GREAT. Not the sharpest pictures, but they look very colorful and very well lit and balanced exposure. It's also VERY fast, which I didn't expect.

I've had this phone about 3 weeks now.  It is absolutely amazing for the price.  It has tremendous features, that I had not seen in a phone anywhere close to this price range. The most important feature to me is the 4G LTE access.  It's now available even out in the country where I live (about 3 miles from a major US highway) in the middle of rural northTexas  60 miles from a major city.  It works great and is very fast.  The phone has a very sharp 4&#34; screen with brilliant colors. It also includes a fast dual core (or is it quad, I forget) processor.  It seems well built, and generally does everything I ask of it (even including phone calls!).  Some have criticized the phone because it has relatively less memory than other phones with similar features.  That is true, but those other phones will cost 3 or 4 times as much as the LG F3.  Also, it seems to have plenty of memory to do what I need.  I have apps for keeping up with the news, weather, & stock market, plus some like Wikipedia, Pandora, Youtube, IMDB, office software, some card games and an assortment of others, plus the phone came with quite a few apps preinstalled.  Some of the preinstalled apps are quite useful, others not so much.  The only games I use are card games, which may help in keeping from exceeding the phone's memory.My previous phone was an LG Optimus Elite, which I was satisfied with, but it pales in comparison to the F3.In summary, the F3 meets all my expectations and exceeds in some.  I think the most surprising was the visual quality of the screen, which also is Gorilla glass btw.However, if you want to get something quickly, I would advise you to avoid Amazon's free shipping.  It was very slow.  But yes, it was free!

I bought this to replace my 2 year old Optimus V. There was nothing wrong with my V, but Amazon had an amazing sale price on the F3. I'm glad I bought the F3.  It's a bit larger screen but a lighter phone. The battery lasts twice as long as my V, and the screen is so much more responsive.  The phone is also really fast!  This phone does so many things that I'm still learning how to utilize all the features.  I'm a happy camper.

It says behind the package. You are permitted to use this mobile phone and the software and content on it exclusively with virgin mobile service.........You may not alter any of the hardware or software in this phone OR EXPORT THIS PHONE FROM THE USA (IM FRO GREECE AND THEY SENT IT ) Now i cant use any other sim and make calls

Have been using this phone for over 2 months. It was an upgrade for my LG Optimus V phone I had used for over 18 months and still works fine. The phone battery life is excellent and I can get over 2 days of battery life if needed. Certain quirks of the phone I have experienced is the phone clunkiness to answer a call when receiving while using mobile data. Its strange how slow in performance the phone can be with a dual core processor when it should be faster then a single core arm processor. The low screen resolution may be a turn off to some, but very usable for my needs. So far, I have used the stock Android version 4.1.1 installed. I may eventually root the phone and upgrade the Android rom with Cyanogenmod or some form of Android 4.4.

battery life is great, easy to use, light weight I would recommend this to a friend I love the features.

picture is so clear! & it works great. just wish I want limited on app space. but overall pretty great phone.

I really love this phone! I've had my shares of phones that were fancy in the last decade, but this is the best phone I've bought. The battery life is amazing!

Pros: Very Fast, Sharp screen, lots of camera options, sleek and small, lightweight and inexpensive.Cons: I would recommend getting a Micro SD card for storage, on-board memory is not that big.Overall: Great bang for the buck!

I replaced the LG Optimus Elite with this phone (LG Optimus F3 4G LTE) and for the most part I'm satisfied. I knew the memory was less but I hoped I could move some programs to my mini SD card, but it gave me no option to do so. I filled up my phone in no time at all, and it came with a LOT of bloatware. Some I could take off, some I couldn't. Also, it could use a better speaker. I use the phone a lot for navigation, and can barely hear the instructions.I love the size; it fits perfectly in my hand. It's light, and the battery life is phenomenal!Pros:the battery life is great!Cons:the lack of memory!UPDATE: ...and I'm returning it. I had to update an app that I use all the time, but it didn't have enough memory left to do a simple update. So, it's back to the LG Optimus Elite until I find a new phone. I'm really disappointed... I liked the look and feel of the phone. *sigh*

I really wanted to love this phone. It's nicely put together and very light. My main issue is that it very frequently tells me the phone doesn't have free space when in fact it has plenty. I have it rooted and unistalled almost all of the bloatware and it still tells me this. I've done a workaround where I clear the cache on a few apps and then it can update the software or whatever it needs to do but it's still annoying. Also, the battery seems to drain remarkably fast when the phone is just sitting there, no sync on, close to the tower, no facebook or anything like that running. I think there's some very inefficient coding in the radio.img or whatever. Still, I'm not sad I bought it because it's one of the more decent VM phones and I'm only paying $37 a month for cell phone service :-D

bought this for my daughter for Christmas.  it worked well for about a month, then started acting glitchy.  After several factory resets and some googling, we realised it was beyond repair and would need to be replaced.  Of course, the return policy was only 30 days.  POS

As a few have said before this is a nice enough basic phone is you just want to use it to talk and text.The reason for the one star review is the phone can not use external storage. I have just 4 apps on the phone and now get warnings that I need to make more space to install any more.Since having a phone as far back as the Android 1.5 days I have amassed quite the collection of apps I use day in day out. Now that this phone limits me to juggling just four of those it leaves the phone pretty much useless to me. I just wish I could send the phone back as this kind of limitation is just a bit silly.Don't buy this phone. If you want to just talk and text you can get phones for $10 on Virgin Mobile. If you want to use apps this is useless. Just leave it well alone.

I was interested in updating my phone for this one and was really disappointed.  My old phone could do way more things as far as customizing its features etc.  This phones setup seems very old school.  If you are looking for a phone to just have then this is ok...it does what a phone is suppose to do.  If you want all the bells and whistles look elsewhere.

I recently upgraded to two of these phones from Samsung Galaxy Reverbs. These LG's have twice the CPU performance (dual-core) and more RAM (1GB). The storage is the same, but it's adequate. I'm extremely happy with these phones and will vouch for them as a great upgrade for the price. The battery life is also amazing and lasts for 2 days without a charge during my use. Very happy.

Love it!I broke my LG Optimus V and needed a replacement.I struggle with parting with my money, but this phone was well worth the $80Fast, reliable, clear.Great phone.

I lost my HTC One V and upgraded to this phone.  I'm so pleased with it so far! Even though the limited internal memory is a downside to this phone, I can browse webpages a lot more quickly on this phone.  The camera quality is fair, not great.  The phone is not cluttered with too many unnecessary apps. The battery life is excellent.  The bottom line is if you're looking for a smart phone that won't break the bank, this is a good find.

This phone is very thin and light. The battery holds a good charge and the 4G/LTE makes web surfing very fast.

no need to spend 300 on a more expensive phone. It is responsive and has done everything I wanted it to do.

This is my first smart phone, and it's incredible so far! However it definitely has its setbacks.Pros: Smartphone with Android allows for some awesome apps, decent battery life unless you're watching movies all day, bright colorful screen with good resolution.Cons: The hard drive size is incredibly small for all of the things I want to do (1.24GB). Some demanding games are well over that amount, and because Apps can no longer be run from an SD card it doesn't matter that I have 32GB of open space. So now I'm limited to about 3 games at a time maybe if I want to keep my other non-gaming apps, too. Hard drive is definitely my biggest complaint.Also, perhaps it's the game or just the operating system itself, but the phone tends to freeze after loading Draw Something 2. It didn't used to, but after a while the loading times increased and eventually the app would crash often. It bled into other things like Pandora and YouTube (after Draw Something 2 would crash), they would freeze or not load.

i use this phone daily and have to charge it every nightthis doesnt bother meas far as peopple complaining about space i have had no problems whatsoever. i only use facebook instagram twitter and tumblr. i guess if you want to load up your phone with tons of games and apps then this isnt for you. (you can delete and disable apps to free up space)the front facing camera is low quality kind of like a webcam, but thats okay im not the &#34;selfie&#34; type of person.you CANT turn off the shutter tone for the camera if anyone is bothered by itits a pretty good phone ive experienced no problems in the week or so ive had itoverall a good phone for the basic users, nothing too fancy and at a reasonable price

I think for the money, this is the best phone offered on Virgin's network. I would get it again. I traded an HTC 1V in for it and never looked back.

I bought this phone to replace an aging Android 2 phone. I use my phone often for back up and mobile internet access and hoped the improved Android 4 OS would make my life easier. Instead I found that it needs at least 3G or wireless network to function. In this small, hick town I rarely have either. I opened many of the apps and almost nothing works. This seems to be a limitation of Android and not the phone, but since the OS is an integral part of the phone, it effects my opinion of the phone itself. My old POS phone never had a problem with data connections anywhere I had the Virgin Mobile network.The phone itself feels solid and looks great. It is very easy to use - what actually works. I have had it only a short time and cannot report on reliability, but will update in the future. The Navigation app seemed to be trying to work, although it never could find my location. The camera works well in good light, but the flash does little except maybe fill in shadows. It is noticeably faster than my old phone and the home screen is very attractive.I don't know if the limitations are placed there by Android or the cell phone carrier, but what I have is a very nice phone that does little else. I could have paid a lot less for that. Since other Android 4 phones apparently work in the same manner there is no point of returning the phone for another, but my next phone will not be an Android. I give the phone hardware 5 stars, but I give the latest Android only 2 stars. I would not recommend this phone only because of the unnecessary limits that were not there in previous versions of Android.

This phone is fantastic, I love every bit of it, I had the former Lg optimus which was well above average. This phone can do nearly anything any phone can do, it's great. Battery lasts forever and never crashes.

The phone was beautiful, but the headache of dealing with Virgin has made me content to pay twice as much for my monthly plan through Verizon. I had to send the phone back because Virgin could never transfer my old number to my new plan. The insane run-around is not something I want to relive by telling the story again, but suffice it to say, I had to get my bank involved to get Virgin to close my account. Beware! Run away!

Absolutely incapable of storing more than a couple of apps... So,  no Facebook or Twitter.  No Netflix or YouTube.  Not even low space apps or the ability to allow automatic updates on the most basic pre-installed apps like &#34;maps&#34;, &#34;Gallery&#34; or &#34;Backup to SD&#34;.It is lacking the option to transfer apps to the sd card, so it's either constantly low on storage space or you're unable to use most apps.  Otherwise it's a great phone with unparalleled battery life.  I wish it had worked in the most basic way needed for storage - I'd have been content with this phone indefinitely.Problem can be  solved by &#34;rooting&#34; it but i want willing to possibly irrevocably damage my only communication device.I had to upgrade to a new phone after only 2 months with it - i just couldn't take it anymore

I tend to hold onto things for a while, it helps that I take very good care of them. This phone feels like it will need every bit of care...it's way lighter and feels more fragile than my Motorola Triumph does. They are similar in footprint, the LG is thinner BUT has a larger battery. It worked fine out of box, activation went through just fine, and the call quality is good. System appears stable, I'm not a big app hog, but I did install the maximum 32 gig micro SD card just because. So far it's a fine product, I don't expect I'll drop it, but I did order a case, and I installed the ArmorSuit Military Shield right away...

Great phone, no problems. I've had it a month or so now. It's fast enough, screen responds great and the battery lasts a long time! It's small though, but that's a good thing for me.

This phone is awesome all the reviews are right on - the only thing is the battery life - its not 'that' great i still have to charge it daily - but other than that its amazing i am so glad i bought it!

This phone is great!  It looks amazing when in a case (The battery door looks very cheap and ugly outside of a case) and works very well.  The speed is fantastic and if your area has 4G LTE you will really love the internet speeds on this device.  The phone seems to be built very well.Please make sure you check Virgins Coverage area before your purchase this device.  Most complaints, with all of virgins phones, are due to people purchasing devices in an area without good virgin coverage.  VM USA has great coverage in some areas!  I made the switch from Verizon about a year ago and I haven't looked back! The service is great, coverage is fine in my area, and their 4g LTE speeds are amazing!  Yes, sometimes their 3G speeds are lacking but again in my area even they have been fine!  Here is a $25 account credit[...]All in all, if you are in an area with good Virgin Mobile coverage I would recommend this device.  Virgin has saved me a lot of money and devices like these are just as good as the devices on the major carriers!!!

I absolutely love this phone. The battery life is incredible, the 3G/4G capability keeps up the speed of internet usage, apps, etc. I would recommend this phone to anyone needing a smart phone!

I love this phone

DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE!!!!! Zero space for anything and you can't put anything onto SD card. You seriously can't download two apps. It won't have the space. Rooting the phone made it a little better but still not worth it.

Very good me and my bro have the same,phone had both for 3 years no hard can no screen protector mine and been flung into the street during rain and I walked over picked it,up put the battery in put the back on and turned my phone on its done its,job well staying with lg for sure,

This is my first smart phone. I have found it easy to use and love it. As for complaints about storage, I haven'texperienced that. I have downloaded a few app's and still have almost 1 gb left. As for battery, used it a lot yesterdayincluding the gps. Did some surfing and texting and still had 77% battery life left after 9 hours. It also charges very quicklyless than 30 minutes. Now my wife is going to get the same. Virgin coverage was great on our trip.

4G speed, all the android smart phone basics, excellent price.  Not so big that it's cumbersome to use or hold.

Having broken an Evo V and needing a phone immediately, I went with one of the nicer sub-$200 phones available, and I was actually impressed for a number of reasons:+The IPS screen is nice and vibrant.+The Qcomm chip has a dual core Krait processor, so it performs pretty fluidly.+The battery capacity is HUGE, 2460 mAh. With 50% screen brightness and moderate web browsing, I got down to 10% after 30 hours on.+Android 4.1 (Jelly Bean), so you have access to Google Now, NFC/Android Beam, and everything else it offers.+1080p video recording.+LTE 4G, where available. Check with the coverage map first.+Compared to the Evo V, it's VERY lightweight.Though, it's not without a handful of things to consider:-5 MP max for rear camera photos. 8 would've been preferable, but 5's still ok for snapshots.-4" screen size is acceptable, but not amazing.-It doesn't seem to have a lot of third-party ROMs for it, if you were hoping to put CyanogenMod on it.-Low resolution of 480x800 pixels. Yes, you can see the pixels if you put the phone an inch from your face, but from a 12" distance, it looks fine.-Hotspotting has been disabled on the VM edition, but not the Sprint edition (Sprint is VM's parent company). This leaves the Galaxy S2 (NB: A WiMax phone, which Sprint is trying to move people away from) as the last "officially" hotspot-capable Android phone with VM, and one of only three total, the other two being the iPhone 4 and 4S (NB: 3G phones).For a smartphone, it's very good for it's price, but it's not the best device to watch anything more than Youtube clips on. Actual shows and movies would be better enjoyed on something with a more substantial screen size.

Really like this phone way faster then my optimus 3 which was a good phone as well recomend this phone

I have had the iPhone 4S for about two years and I loved apple and my apple phone, however this phones gives me a bang for my buck with pretty much if not more applications than apple and for a beautiful price. I love my phone and works almost the same the way the iPhone first.The phone is super light ( it's an adjustment from my iPhone because the iPhone feels more sturdy and my iPhone took alot of abuse), I am not sure if this phone can weather my storm only time will tell. It's a bit bigger than my 4s but not by bunch it's a small cute phone.So go ahead buy and enjoy I love her more than my 4s.

Overall this is a great phone, service on the 4G network is much better than the normal Sprint 3G.If you're just looking for 4G service, this is your phone. It's super light, compact, and quick. Battery will last throughout the entire day without having to charge it.HOWEVER: The internal memory is 1.2gb, which is really bad..since most pre-installed apps take up most of the space. I still give it 5 starsIf you are after something reliable and compact, and don't plan on using memory intensive apps, I would go with this. Otherwise i'd look into the S3 or Victory.

I just picked one of these up to see what its made of and Honestly it should cost $200 and is as good in Hardware as the Samsung Galaxy S2 and Victory easily. Actually it runs circles around the Samsung S3 MINI @ $249 but its not unlocked (Big advantage there). On Apps to SD card I know for sure every cell has this problem but its ONLY BECAUSE GOOGLE CHANGED IT and never a manufacturer.It also specs in most areas just like the Iphone 4S too but you get more features and PRICE LOL!!!!!!! Worse thing about LG F3 is the User Interface is very busy and too much in my opinion.OK so you get a great performer with Huge battery and lots of good features just like Samsung Touchwiz but I don't really like the White Interface in Settings and elsewhere (BIG Deal). ONLY BAD is small user rom of 1.2gig and NO Auto Brite.Has a stronger black level than my Nexus 4 but I miss the Auto Brightness. But thats it so far. Buy it!! I like it and I use a Nexus 4 also.After studying the Passmark System I'm getting it down now pretty well so I'm sure of whats here. Remember as more people submit benchmarks they can decrease or increase depending on the OS state.Performance Benchmarks lets you see EXACTLY where these cells fit in the power and performance range. You can download the Passmark Test from Google Play yourself and run several for an average but make sure all open Apps are closed and reboot once. Then about 15 to 100 people submit these Benchmarks for every phone around and the guys Average them out so they are right on. Individual tests for CPU, Disk and Memory reads & writes, with 2D & 3D Video comprise the OVERALL Passmark System Performance. Seems to be that around 2000 Passmark is the perfect match for great performance overall.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~PASSMARK SYSTEM PERFORMANCE is as follows:~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~LG Optimus V @ 537Old HTC One V @ 1100Samsung Reverb/Ring @ 1270 (nearly identical internals)Samsung Victory (SPH-L300) @ 1544LG Optimus F3 (LS720) @ 1784Samsung Galaxy S2 (SPH-D710) @ 1788Samsung Galaxy S3 (SPH-L710) @ 2074Google LG Nexus 4 @ 2556Google LG Nexus 5 @ 3768IPhone 4S @ 1600IPhone 5 @ 3612~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~CPU RATING is as follows:~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~LG Optimus V @ 564Old HTC One V @ 1370Samsung Reverb/Ring @ 1676 (nearly identical internals)Samsung Victory (SPH-L300) @ 3873LG Optimus F3 (LS720) @ 4210Samsung Galaxy S2 @ 4300Samsung Galaxy S3 @ 4795Google LG Nexus 4 @ 9757Google LG Nexus 5 @ 13,996IPhone 4S @ 8867IPhone 5 @ 22,693~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Pros So Many!~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Very fastGood Display contrastLoads of featuresMother of all BatteriesPrice Price Price!4G LTE and it worksBeautiful 3 Color LED at home buttonDoes side by side Multi tasking~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Cons so few!Complicated White User InterfaceNo Auto dimmer1.2gig user RomHave only used it for a week now but WOWVolume button starts a memo to easilyAverage camera but hey

Never had an android phone before, but this is the bomb. I am still figuring out new things to do with it. I sometimes forget that I have a laptop and do all my stuff on it.  great phone; great battery life; and clear screen

The day after ordering my phone (for much less than I would have paid at the store or through Virgin Mobile), I found it waiting for me on my porch.  The phone was easy to activate, and since it's an android, I didn't have to transfer all my contact information.  The phone came with a very basic manual of how to work the most basic function, which most people (even my mom) know by now.  The more complex functions are like hidden surprises that I discover on a daily basis.  This can be annoying at times, but as I'm figuring it out, this phone is becoming a very helpful tool in my house.  I love that I'm not paying an arm and a leg for a contract with one of the mega companies.

You cannot store apps on the SD card so there is a limit on how many, or how large your apps can be.

The last phone I owned was by Samsung and it was a basic phone with a qwerty keyboard and the internet and other options were horrible and annoyingly slow. My new LG phone only took me about 10 minutes to set up and get started with out of the box.I started downloading apps the very same day and learned how to use them immediately. The phone is easy to use, and the Virgin Mobile Service with it is a billion times better than my previous phone using the same carrier.Thrilled with this purchase.

This is a great phone with an awesome battery life!  The only two problems are one, the internal storage, like many people here have listed.  The phone doesn't let you save anything to the internal SD card which is absolutely ridiculous.  The second issue is just annoying.  When someone sends a text, your phone will notify you just about every minute until you fully check it.  You can't just use the pull-down screen and look at it, you have to open it and click on it for the phone to shut up.  This doesn't seem like much until you get a text in the middle of the night, or after you've just laid down and your phone is across the room, or at 6am on a Saturday, or in an appointment, or meeting, or any other place where you don't want to or can't get up to go make your phone quit going off every 60 seconds.  I've searched on how to turn that feature off, but haven't found an answer.  Argh.  Like I said, overall, it's a great phone that has a few flaws.

First time trying a LG phone. Got it for a great price and well worth it. I like that it`s 3G and 4G. I love the front and back facing camera. What I don`t like is the picture quality, especially when taking night photos. It`s kinda poor. Plus the audio is not loud at all when watching videos or listening to music. You also can`t move apps to a sd card,  only video, music and your photos which is very disappointing. All and all, it`s a good phone for what it`s worth.

I have recently upgraded to this phone from the Optimus Elite (received in 2012), after having upgraded to that from the Optimus V (received in 2011).  In some ways, this feels like the logical progression forward.  In many ways, it feels like two steps back.The thing that makes this phone excellent is the quickness of it.  Simply put, it feels twice as fast as the Elite (and in actuality, it almost is).  The thing that I can't stand about it is the same thing that caused me to outgrow the Optimus V:  the lack of internal storage!  How is it, in the year 2013, that Virgin Mobile/LG/Android (WHOEVER!!!) can not grasp that we NEED an app-to-SD feature!?  This is something that both the Optimus V and Elite had, and after attempting to install all of the apps that I had on the Elite to the F3, I quickly realized that it was something that would be sorely missed.  I have never &#34;rooted&#34; any of my Android gadgets (Optimus V, Optimus Elite, Nexus 7, Optimus F3), but I am already seriously considering doing it to the F3 and I've only had it for a few days -- just to be able to delete the Virgin Mobile bloatware and be able to move apps to my SD card.  It's either I take the risk of bricking it by trying to root it, or I spare myself a frustrating year and hit it with a sledge hammer now.I've never been so conflicted over any other gadget ever.  I want so badly to love it.  There's no reason that they couldn't have made this phone excellent.  It just isn't.

The first full touchscreen phone I ever had was the LG Dare when it first came out and you couldn't pry it out of my hands.  Then I became a Motorola man with the Droid series.  After that, I took a hiatus from cell phones for about 2 years, just to come back to the LG Optimus F3 and get my mind blown.  I've never been more impressed with an out of the box phone and it's capabilities.  Camera pixels have to be a lie because the images and video are super crisp and vivid.  All the crazy voice commands work flawlessly, not what I expected.  I've only have the phone for a week though, so if it goes to crap, I will edit this review.  Overall, amazing phone.  Reaches, passes, and blows the doors off my expectations of a 90 dollar phone (on sale).

3.0 out of 5 stars You get what you paid for. $25 credit on your account if you are new VM customer., April 23, 2014By JVerified Purchase(What's this?)This review is from: LG Optimus F3 (Virgin Mobile) (Wireless Phone Accessory)I bought it about a half year ago and been using it. It is OK think about the price. You can't move your apps to SD card unless you do some trick, which I didn't. (You can google about it) So I have limited apps on my phone and clean memories sometime. You can put pics and other stuff on SD card but not apps, which is very important if you are heavy app user. It is a bit frustration but price of cell and considering having simple phone before, can't be complain I guess. Well I have virgin mobile code, gives you $25 when you are new to them. You can buy phone on amazon, which is cheaper than their site, and activate from here. [...] They will give you $25 credit on your account and mine if you would like.

awesome product great feel great look much faster processor awesome features sleek design  but speaker sucks for music and hand free calling.

I purchased this phone to replace my LG Optimus Elite, on the Virgin Mobile network.  The battery life lives up to its claims, lasts three times longer than my old phone.  The reviews regarding the limited memory space are accurate.  If you are an app hound this phone is not for you.  8 to 10 apps seem to be the limit before you run out of memory.  And, as one reviewer noted, you can't uninstall any of the apps that come with the phone.  I don't use Chrome, as well as a few of the other Google apps that came with the phone, but am stuck with them.  This attitude Google has taken is the same reason I stay away from Apple products.  If an app is good people will buy and use it, no need to force it onto people.  Having said this, I am not a big app user, so this phone works for me, especially when you consider the very affordable price.

I was so worried about buying my daughter a phone online because she is sooo picky. But when she opened it and got to playing around with it she was so excited and played with it all day long, showing me all the awesome stuff it did so thank you soo much for still being able to surprise my 15 yr old daughter with something she totally loved!

phone is smaller than my evo v but i got used to it.basic run-down?easy to root using motochopper, run it a few times, eventually it works, do your own research to find motochopper for this phone.battery life is great, charges quickly.cons:you must partition and learn to properly partition your sd card and use the app link2sd for the storage space issue to go away.I fried an sd card trying to partition it, so my tech friend did it for me and once i installed link2sd the storage issue went away.but for the company to not allow you to move apps2sd by default makes me never want to buy another lg phone again. the process was too much for me and irritated me a lot but i do enjoy not having to charge the phone all day.the graphics are not very impressive, but it runs smoothly and runs pretty much every modern app, i dont play games anymore but once game i tried was bike race pro, it worked great.my advice? buy it if your interested just be aware of the storage issue and what you will need to do to get rid of it.

I have this phone with t mobile.I am a previous owner of nokia lumia 521 I don t like windows phone but i had to return my nokia due bug my battery was draining as crazy 2 hours and no battery with normal phone use than i got alcatel one touch fierze the worst phone if you need a camera phone to make great and clear objects photos my last was lg f3 what a great buy camera is super clear amazing quality photos video battery is amazing very nice phone for heavy users

Can't beat it for the price.  And you don't need those pricey contracts.  The only draw back is the memory

I am a basic user, but wanted a few of the better features of a quality android phone.  This phone delivers exactly as I hoped it would.  The battery does last a long time (I don't use the phone that much, I charge it about twice a week).  The sound quality is just fine, texting is simple enough; managing contacts is easy.  I like being able to utilize an app to check my bank balance and get updates on the weather.  This phone picks up the 3G connection my local area has (no 4G LTE around here I'm afraid).  Like I said, I am a basic user and it the additional minor conveniences I wanted are offered (and delivered here).  I feel the best feature (and my main source of interest) is the Corning Gorilla 2 glass.  It stays cleaner from smudges and is more resistant to cracks/chips/breaks.  Corning does make amazing glass products! The touch surface is quite sensitive and looks great.All in all a fine value when combined with the Virgin Mobile everything plans.

This phone is great! It's light, great graphics and fast internet connection. I didn't go with 5 stars because the speaker phone quality isn't the best, but the regular call quality is stellar. I would recommend this phone to anyone.

Purchased the phone to replace an Optimus Elite but couldn't use it.  Was unable to scroll, had to double tap an icon to perform a task.  It was a holiday gift.  Very disappointed.

Had it for about two months, still working great! No crashes, stays charged longer... only one gig internal storage... which sucks.. so dont download so much apps!!

Great phone for the price. Perfect for a starter smartphone and very good ease of access. Battery life is also great.

Great phone,fast,nice size,only drawback for me is the paucity of on-board memory,and the fact that you can't run apps off the external memory card...best price I've found too!Call quality is average...

my 3rd LG Optimus phone and as I suspected, it sucks. the keyboard stops at least once a day (New not used phone by the way) there is not enough memory in the phone storage and, you don't have the option to change storage devices! and to add on, the phone dies within a few hours after being fully charged. I will never buy an LG phone again. and I recommend you do the same. terrible phone, can't wait to get a different, better smart phone.

This is the worst phone to ever buy! Unable to move Apps to SD on this phone. 1GB of internal memory, cannot root this phone anymore to use App2SD. Trust me buy another phone, this was my replacement that I purchased from RadioShack for $60. Oh yeah I forgot to mention, it is super slow at reading SD cards. I have a 16GB sdcard, takes an hour before I can use it. Only good thing is the screen display.

This is a great phone a little smaller than I thought it would be but is awesome. Could not be happier the price was great all though saw it at radio shack a week later for 69.99 I guess it pays to wait and shop around. Prices are usually great at amazon was disappointed when I saw the radio shack price. Radio shack is usually so much higher.

but listen carefully to those comments regarding the teeny tiny memory on this smartphone ... unless you are ready to root and figure out how to partition correctly, be prepared for some frustration

And the best part is that the size/weight makes it perfectly pocketable. If you're looking for giant screen real estate, monster processing power and tons of onboard memory..look elsewhere.If you want a phone that has a responsive touchscreen, decent processor, clear call quality, low cost AND comes in a package that easily fits in your front pocket..this is your phone. If there is a better phone for the price out there I'm not aware of it.

So at first when I bought this phone (last Black Friday) I loved it. It was pretty fast and a definite upgrade from the Optimus Elite, which I had before. However, the problem with this one is that it's impossible to move apps to the sd card, at least without rooting the phone. This might be a virgin mobile specific thing because I've read reviews from others with the F3, but on mine you definitely cannot move apps to sd. You can move pics/videos/music/etc. to sd, but the apps can't be moved. Also it's gotten really laggy and glitchy whereas when I first got it it was fast and responsive. I'm hoping the lag is due to the space issues. I've uninstalled all the apps I don't need and I clear the cache for all my apps pretty much right after using them (pinterest and tumblr take up huge amounts of space b/c of the cache if you don't clear them right away). I'm hoping to root the phone to see if transferring the apps to the sd that way takes care of the problems, but if not I'll be buying a new phone. It sucks though because I had the elite for about 2 years and was hoping this one would last as long. The way things are going I'll probably throw the phone off the nearest tall building before I even get to one year though.(BTW, I wanted to mention that virgin mobile itself is an awesome phone company. Their service is pretty great, customer service is okay, about as good as any cell phone company, and the cost is wonderful. I love only paying $35/month.)

Everything works well, many features that I have not discovered yet.4G when available. Best contract price on the Sprint network.

I bought this phone for my niece and she just loves it! She's still getting used to all the features but was very happy with the phone

I bought the LG Optimus F3 to replace my Kyocera Rise which was having issues.The LG Optimus F3 is really light weight and thin cell phone. Which makes me kinda afraid a little that I might drop the phone on the ground. The back cover on the phone does have some texture to it but it does feel a little slippery. Best bet is to buy a nice case that has a good feel and offers good grip as well.The LG Optimus F3 comes with a 2460mAh Li-ion battery which is big for a phone of this size. The most enticing aspect of the F3 is the battery life without a doubt. You can go the full day without having to worry about recharging the phone which is nice.Being a mid-range device you'll find most of the hardware specs to be entirely acceptable. The camera which is 5MP does take nice video's and photo's. Which you can share on your favorite social site and don't have to apologize for the quality of it.The only issue I see with the phone is the speaker quality and internal storage. When playing music using the speaker it will distort at higher volume. But most people will use a headset anyways so that's not really a issue.The phone comes with 1.24 GB of usable internal storage. But once you update the default apps on the phone you will be left around 600 - 700MB of internal storage for installing your own apps. While the phone does support upto 32GB micro SD card's you can't install apps on the micro SD card.This is not the fault of Virgin Mobile OR the maker of the phone. This is the fault of Google for not allowing people to install apps on the micro SD card. Google stop allowing people do it in 'Jellybean' Android version due to piracy/security.But you can get around this issue by rooting the phone and installing couple apps. But I won't go in to details how to do it cause you can do harm to your phone. If you don't fully understand what you are doing.

I bought this phone as an upgrade for my LG Optimus.  I really liked the Optimus for the most part.  I'm not really a &#34;power user&#34; of smart phones.  But the old Optimus was forever running out of space on the phone and I had very little installed.  I selected this phone because of the 4G (which I've only experienced once so far) and the camera with flash.  Taking pictures without flash on this phone is super super fast.  The call quality is really good, but I don't seem to get quite as good reception (based on bars) at home as I did before.  I bought a 32GB memory card at the same time as the phone for pictures and videos.

This phone is pretty darn good, I'm using it now to do this short review. Good battery, nice speed, no lag. If you download music be sure to move it to the micro SD to keep the phone storage up.

Perfectly comparable to other premium smart phones (Iphone, Galaxy, etc...). Only complaint is the internal storage size. Otherwise it is everything I expected and more.

It's my first smart phone, and now I don't know why I resisted for so long. I love how I can talk my texts and answer emails by talking. Phone has very limited storage for apps, but I am not an app guy, and it's great for email, texts, pictures, phone calls. I only talk on cell about 300 minutes a month, so the cheaper Virgin plan works for me. I don't hear so well so the volume of voice on phone call seems a little low, but it is ok, and speaker phone is great. I keep phone on, and battery lasts about 4 days, not the 9 day standby advertised, also supposed to be good 16 hours talk time, don't think it would do that, but I don't talk much to say. Virgin says the fact that i text and read emails means its not just in standby and they say battery is ok, although they are sending me a free battery so i can compare if this new one will work the same. I bought it because Sprint is Virgin carrier and they are only lower priced plan company that has a strong signal at my vacation home. ATT is the other carrier there but could not find a cheap service through them. At my city house I knew from the service map I also had 4g, although I am on edge of top service and my workplace 3 miles away has weak 4g but 3g is fine for what I need there, checking emails and texts.

I own this phone previous to this purchase (I purchased it for my mother) very pleased with it! The camera is great has many options the interface is great the weight is very light, the screen is bright, the battery life is great the size of the phone is ideal! I have to say LG makes good phones.Not a fan of the limited space but you can root the phone (check youtube)An SDcard will keep all your photos and videos along with your music. Apps wise you might be limited but ow many apps does one really need?Virgin Mobile for the most part is reliable the price is right and you get 4G where available!Its a no brainer BEST budget phone period! Cant do better for the price (you might lean toward the Samsung Galaxy Victory) but id steer clear of that one and jump on this ASAP!

Multiple calls to Virgin Mobile to get it to work, they sent me a new SIM card even, still doesnt want to work. Only thing its good for making calls and texting people unless you actually have WiFi network available. I work 50 hrs a week and I don't have time to play guess whats wrong with the phone.Other than thats its pretty good phone, I bought one from Best Buy the first time and it worked fine, thought I'd save about $50 but wound up paying for it in headache, btw my 3g/4g still dont work and it gives me some error about the Sprint towers being incompatible with it.To the Owners: What do I do now?

I just opened it. out of the box even when you first power it up it has no lag. It seems really quick.

A great, fast, cheap phone! It came in about four days, and its the best device i have used in awhile. Virgin Mobile has great cheap service, so if your looking for a good budget phone, go with this!! (Im actully writing this review on it!)

First let me say that I got this on sale at a fantastic price. It is a great little phone if you #1 don't want to pay too much for a 4G phone and don't use a lot of apps. Big Warning, it does not have a lot of internal memory and adding a memory card does not help because in this particular phone you can't get apps to run on the memory card. On a search, there are some who have, but I have yet to figure it out, so unless you are a phone whiz don't expect it to work that way. That being said, on wifi and 4G this little baby is lightening fast. I've removed a lot of the factory installed apps to give it some space (there are many) and I've installed chrome and can use the browser for many things that I normally use apps for. I can watch netflix, hulu, pbs, and youtube on the browser.I do have a few apps and they work great but if you are app happy, this phone is not for you. If you just want a great 4G phone that works with a few apps and a super fast browser connection at a great price, this fits the bill perfectly. I gave it 4 stars only for the inability to cross over to the memory card with ease. I really love this phone.

This phone is really nice for the price given that it's cheaper here than on virgins website. It has some cool features like the android beam and facial recognition to unlock phone. Screen has a nice crisp bright look to it and streaming videos look nice on it. I was streaming WWE network and it looked almost as good as it does on my tv which is also lg. The complaints about the Apps to SD isn't really a problem because all you have to do is search and there are plenty of videos online that show you how to fix it. Another good lg product that is reasonably priced.

ive had this phone for only a month and the flas stopped working all of a sudden!!! i rarely used it since i always used the front camera, (which doesnt have a silent shutter sound option) so its not like i over used it, i would like a trade please, you literally get what you paid for,

PROS:-Great 4G reception (when available); 3G is actually usable, thanks to the efficient dual core processor. Fast WiFi performance.-Solid graphics performance with the Adreno 305. It performs well with 1080p videos (despite 800x480 res, esp. on WiFi), and 3D games.-Well controlled audio from the headphone jack, suitable for playing high quality FLAC files @ 24bit/96-128k (great for an inexpensive phone).-Heat is not much of an issue with this phone, unless you root and use an overclock kernel (more on that later).-Physical home button with color changing LED that changes based on notifications.-Front facing camera for selfies (a.k.a. self portraits :) ).-1080p HD video.-2,460 mA battery for all day use.-Can use micro SD cards larger than 32 GB. Simply format the file system as FAT32, and your phone can have tons more storage than the typical phone that has no room for memory expansion. Note the 4 GB size limit for files on FAT32 partitions.-Some apps can be removed or disabled, which can free up memory and speed up the phone a bit more.-Along with many other current LG devices running on JellyBean, it is set to update to KitKat in the next few months!-Active community on androidforums.com that can help you out if you want to take the leap and root your F3 for added functionality.CONS:-Short on memory; only 1.2 GB available out of the box.-Rooting required to expand memory.-Extra case needed for protection, as F3's backside is slippery.-Some large apps may not run on the phone, even with the capable CPU and GPU on board.-Gorilla Glass is great for light falls, but a bunch of videos on YouTube show that they aren't indestructible. Unless your device has version 3, which probably isn't on the F3.-Screen protector and extra outer case still required for max protection.I bought this phone to replace a Kyocera Event. While that phone still works relatively well, it had begun to look slow to me, even when doing some basic tasks like reading web pages and e-mails. I've had that one for about six months, but if it's combined with the Kyocera Rise I boot looped, that's about 1 1/2 years on the same basic hardware. The Rise has the tiny rubberized keyboard, which was kind of sticky to work with.The first thing I noticed from the Event was that the layout of the side buttons are identical, along with the headphone jack. The one difference was the micro USB port. It's at the bottom, under three keys for back, home and menu. Having a physical home key, with a colorful LED to frame it, is a nice touch for this phone.The body itself is a slim design, with a metallic frame outlining the screen. The textured back is pretty to look at, but doesn't have much grip to it. As great as the design is, all of that takes a back seat once it's got a case on it.At first, I ran the phone without activating it. This gave me an idea on how well it connects to WiFi, and allowed me to evaluate the audio and video quality. Coming from an Event, I was pleased with the speed of the interface. I didn't experience any lag, and the games I ran on it were as fast as I'd ever seen on a budget phone. I was glad to see that at least some apps could be disabled (if not removed).Though I knew I'd eventually root the phone, I could see myself being satisfied decently even if I didn't. The fact that I could effectively use a card larger than 32 GB was awesome to behold. A great thing, as it's not too expensive to get a 64 GB card these days. The Transcend Class 10 I chose was $35 at B&H; Photo in New York City (plus a few bucks for one day USPS Priority Mail).Once activated, a few of the Virgin Mobile apps downloaded onto my phone. Thankfully, only three apps were loaded. Two of them can be disabled, so you can avoid having them run in the background.About four days into running the phone unrooted (and two weeks of research on rooting), I finally did the deed. I rooted the phone, divided the external SD card to expand the small bit of internal memory, and used a couple of linking apps to also help with expanding memory. I loaded a bunch of apps I was using with my Kyocera Event onto the phone. Based on a short list that I found on vmroms.com, I removed a few apps from the phone. I now have something that really does feel like a tiny PC with a phone attached to it. All for around $130! It's not exactly a Samsung S3 or S4, but whatever. I'm still not sure I'll use the overclock kernel that one user created on androidforums (for now). No serious problems have been reported with using it. The overclock kernel raises the speed of both the main CPU, and the graphics processor beyond stock speeds.I can say I would recommend this phone for anyone that wants a powerhouse on a small budget, if you don't mind the rooting process. I've rooted every Android device I've owned since 2011 (four in total), but only after at least a few weeks of asking questions, researching the issues, and making up my own mind about it.Even if you don't root it, you can still do well with this phone. There are several good alternatives to the official apps of most social sites that won't take your RAM out for a late, fattening dinner. If you don't care for large, possibly addictive games, you'll do fine. Anyway, if you don't root, I'd bet you can enjoy this phone for the amount of video and music that can be stored on it. The dual core CPU and fast graphics are just fine for entertaining. Plus, now you can video chat with your pals on Skype... a lot can be done without rooting. Not to mention the upcoming update to KitKat! I'd say that alone is worth getting this phone now.If you made it this far, awesome! I'm done for now. Will update if I come across any issues.

I've had this phone for almost 2 months and it is great, it has the gorilla glass front and seems very sturdy. I'm real hard on cell phones and I go thru alot of them. I feel this phone is going to be the one to last. Its pretty fast as in speed and it does have 4g, so that's a real plus. I paid way more (bummer)..for mine, stupid me. But it was well worth the price. I highly recommend you get this phone at less then 100$.

Excellent a++++++++++++++++++++excellent ++++++++++perfectI love it beautiful smartphone easy for using Amazon battery life great great gift for you I love it

i replaced my Samsung Galaxy with this phone. Thinking it would be similar in every area but was I surprised. It has exceeded every expectation I placed on it. I think this phone might be the best phone VM has. I've played with my sisters iPhone and my sons Galaxy and just about everything VM has to offer and in my opinion this LG is the best. The iPhone might beat it in easy to use operating system and the Samsung Galaxy models might be more visually appealing but this LG is cheaper and will last longer on a battery charge than any iPhone and will not freeze up or do random crazy things like the galaxy models. So do yourself a favor, if your thinking of getting a new phone give this one a try. I thought my Galaxy was good phone but this LG has shown me that it is a great phone.

Works perfectly. Amazing battery life. Very light weight. I love the led notification colors. This phone is great! 5 stars

Purchased this phone to replace an aging, slow, and temperamental HTC One V which became all but unusable after a series of updates that had it rebooting randomly a couple of times per day and locking up most other times.  The screen size was just slightly larger, while the overall size was just a bit smaller.  The LG Optimus F3 was light, but it felt very cheap.  I prefer the feel of the HTC One V, as it feels a bit more substantial with its slightly heavier aluminum chassis.I charged the phone, and powered it on, and it immediately started talking to me... A "feature" I would come to despise.  I tapped the screen to move to the next step.  Nothing happened.  I tapped again, and it repeated the name of the button (next) that I had tapped, but did nothing.  I tried to power the phone down, but it rebooted.  I started again, but it just kept saying the name of the button I was tapping, but never doing anything. I powered it down by pulling the battery.After a reboot, I discovered that you have to DOUBLE tap to get it to accept the button tap.  Moving through the process was tedious, but I finally got to the Android home screen I was used to.  I wanted to turn off the voice assist that announced all the text on the screen, and repeated the name of each icon I tapped, so I tried to open the settings menu.  after about ten minutes, it opened, but would not allow me to open the system settings.I boxed up the phone, and took it back to Best Buy.

I am from India, where this USA Virgin mobile services dont work. So no point in buying it, if you are from country other than USA as it will become useless. I have returned the set few days days back to Amazon.com.

I love this phone it's what I wanted when virgin mobile added it to it's lineup.phone has 4g speed and is blazing fast.a great smartphone for anyone on a budget!!

Fits like a glove. Kickstand is nice addition. Car charger is a bonus. All for less than 10 bucks delivered!

I ended up selling off my Virgin Mobile Samsung S3 because of its short battery life and high price. Prior to that I had used Galaxy Victory 4G.  I did a lot of research looking for more practical 4G phone with longer battery and much lower price.  I had no idea how much better LG phone was.  I ended up getting two more for my parents.  its 4&#34; screen is larger than Iphone 4 and offers much more functionality and all around $150.  I just don't feel the need to spend around $400 to $500 on new phones anymore.  This LG phone offers me everything I need and I would rather have the money.  I also picked up extra memory card and battery and plan to keep this phone for few years.

I bought this phone for a little under $80 and for that prize, I consider it amazing. It has 4G, it runs smoothly... in fact the only problem I have with  the phone is the storage capacity. 1.2 Gb is not enough space of my liking

The service provider sells this for almost $70 more and its the same phone. Works great, very lightweight. The sound quality is better than any phone I have had in the past. I bought two, and have unfortunately dropped mine several times but it has held up through the wear and tear without a case.

Awesome phone. I truly love my phone, so glad I chose it. I have had no problems with it at all.

I've had this phone since October 2013 and I'm not surprised to see the price drop by 1/2 in that time.  The main thing about this phone (like no other) is battery life.  If I manage to not leave GPS on constantly, I can go a couple days without charging; I usually don't wait that long though.As for apps.  I learned from reading those reviews written by those in the know, NOT to add tons of apps all at once.  There clearly isn't enough internal memory to swat a fly with.  Knowing that, I navigated that obstacle by adding and subtracting apps until I got a good mix.  Then I tried some of them out and got rid of some, added more and learned to use the restart (soft reboot) to clear the way for updating.Yes, it's tedious, but no one has a battery that lasts like mine does, hands down. The only issue that I'm having with the phone is to try to add my playlists (to the memory card).  I didn't like the amount of memory that was being eaten up by the player app, so deleted it.  I prefer how the phone behaves without that type of app.  If I want music, I guess I'll have to get a separate player.I also like that there were otter cases for it right away, so I ordered some.  Recently, I found a pretty good case too that allows for the slimline otter.  I can finally carry it in my pocket.  Not a big fan of the less than solid charger hook up.  A common complaint for cell phones, I guess.  I didn't get this for the camera, but I may as well say, I wish it were better.  It's hard to get a good photo, especially if you are using it to make deposits with other website's programs, if you know what I mean.I think that I'll be using this phone until it dies or they come up with a good HTC that I can afford.  Come on Virgin Mobile!4/7/14 EDIT: I noticed the other day, that Virgin was offering this phone for about 50 bucks and I can see why.  It turns out, in my case, that my music WAS on the memory card. I found this out when my phone crashed, booted back up and told me that the external memory card might be corrupted.  I had to wipe the card, then found out that my tunes were gone from the phone.  What a way to find out. There just is no way to tell the phone to switch content over to the external card (like I had before with my LG Optimus Elite).  Final words: LG really improved battery life, but they took a huge step back on not being able to use the full potential of an external memory card.

There are many companies selling smart phones every day, and after a couple of years using them you get to know which features you will use and which you won't. This LG Optimus F3 does everything I want a smart phone to do - and it is priced right (under $100). If I lose it or it gets stolen, I'll replace it with another Optimus F3.  That's something very few Iphone users would do.Kudos LG. Keep up the good work.

After a year of dealing with my HTC one, which lagged constantly, I decided to get the F3 a few months ago. I have to say, LG is probably the most reliable brand I've had so far. It doesn't lag, the graphics are great and it's easy to customize. The best part is, is how fast the phone charges. My HTC would take several hours. This one however, only takes from an hour to an hour and a half (when I'm at 10%, which pretty much lasts me all day through continuous video watching.)The only problems I have is with how little space there is for apps. I only have 7 of my own apps and I can't even install updates anymore. What's worse is that there's no move app to SD card option. If only I could remove stock apps without rooting. (I have little faith in my technological skills)The other problem is after a while the stock keyboard stops responding, after clearing the data, it pops up when I need it, but then after a couple weeks, it doesn't show up anymore.Overall, I like this phone a lot. Not once has it froze or crashed.

This phone sucks I hate it. Went into safe mode and was never able to be put right to be  able to use properly and the additional Square trade was a waste of time.

its cheap and a good phone no lag with great quality. Everyone complains about the storage but if you have a SD card its really no big deal. I have 1000 songs plus snap chat, instagram, facebook, twitter, pandora, mp3 downloader, and a ringtone maker. With 500 pictures and a couple hundred videos with no lag. Its knowing how to organize your phone and SD card lol. Two thumbs up!

I remember when the iphone came out and had a 3.5&#34; display and it seemed crazy big compared to the existing trend of smaller and smaller phones.  Now the trend is to have bigger and bigger phones.  I have a Galaxy Note 3 (5.7&#34;) that I absolutely love.  This phone bucks that trend with a high resolution, crystal clear, and vibrantly colored 4&#34; screen.  The phone really feels small in my hand and back pocket.  (I use it for my business line).  But that's not a detractor.  It's actually perfect as a second phone or a phone for a kid (just don't forget the microsd card for their games).  The phone has a toned down version of LG's android &#34;skin&#34; and it is zippy fast, especially for a phone that goes for $80 on amazon.  If you don't mind the screen size I would buy it in a minute.  Just don't forget the case, this little bugger is SLIPPERY.  I love it and a lot of times when I put my Galaxy Note 3 'to bed&#34; I will continue to surf on this phone while watching tv.  Dual 1.2 ghz processors aren't the best specs, but they get the job done.  I had a Samsung Galaxy Victory LTE before it, and it felt really sluggish and laborious to even swipe screens.  The f3 does a great job at everything I throw at it.  And did I mention the display was great?  Battery power is excellent too as its battery is way bigger than any other prepaid phone I've seen.  Hope this was helpful, just remember when you order a case make sure it's compatible with the VM720 because the t-mobile and metropcs versions are flat on the top and the virgin mobile is rounded, making some cases incompatible.  Most amazon listed cases include information about this in their description.  Enjoy!

This is my first smart phone, and I was amazed how easy it was to set my preferences. Visual clarity is excellent. The fact that it comes loaded with apps I am unlikely to ever use is only a concern if I should ever need the memory these apps consume. They also result in a slight delay in locating the apps I do use. During a phone conversation, I would prefer to hear the other person with more clarity, but I have almost no difficulty understanding what is spoken. Although I do not anticipate taking many pictures, I am pleased with the photos I have taken. The only measure I have on battery life is based on my use of the phone to stream audio in my car, and for a couple of brief conversations during a two hour road trip; by the end of the trip, the phone was almost fully charged.

This phone was priced right and I have been happy with it for several weeks now. I have successfully loaded the apps I need, including PocketCloud, which works well even though the screen is smallish. The phone is light and fits easily in a pocket without feeling bulky. Calls sound good, the camera works fine, and the battery life is good. A great phone for the budget-minded, which I am. :)

Amazing phone. i switched from a low quality 3g samsung intercept to this phone and am very pleased and impressed with the quality and price. works like a dream.

This phone is the smoothest phone. I've had in for three days and it have yet to freeze up. It charges really fast, and the battery stays charged for about 8 hours. I really like this phone. Even though it only has 1.24Gb of internal storage it is still the most dazzling phone. So far I recommend this phone.It has a great front camera, great reviews, and it also has HD camera resolution. The screen is HD and you have the option to show the battery percentage to left of the battery icon in the status bar. that feature is built in you don't have to download anything to do it.GREAT PHONE FINE BY ME I TOTALLY RECOMMEND IT GREAT MULTITASKER AS WELL

I'll start with the negative aspects of this phone. Perhaps my biggest problem is the cheap feel. It makes sense, of course, the phone was/is quite cheap, but the entire phone has a horrible plastic feel to it. The speakers are not in the best place, either. When you're holding the phone horizontally, your fingers will cover them up. The battery has never lasted as long as the specifications claim, but it does get close. If you are a power user, you should feel confident about the battery, but a backup is never horrible. Virgin Mobile is rather lackluster, but for the price, it's not bad. They claim that they will give you unlimited data, but that's crap. After 2.5 gigs, they throttle you so much, you might has well not have data. They should stop the false marketing.Now the good. The battery charges extremely quickly! It will charge from 70% to 100% in less than ten minutes. It's quite remarkable. Plus, even though it only features a dual core, speed is never an issue. The screen is adequate and LG didn't include much in the way of useless bloatware. The camera works great! Even though the phone feels and looks cheap, it is actually very strong and well-made. If you need a smartphone that doesn't run at a snail's pace but won't break the bank, it's a great buy.

Its pretty snappy and the Lg version of the OS is decent. Comes w/ swype as a default app which may be a boon to some. Easy to root. Could be way better if the default ram was 2Gb instead of 1. I had to root and monkey with storage because it is not SD card friendly with moving apps to SD. There is some lame restriction of 1Gb of 8 only for app storage. I feel LG is lagging with Android support. Kitkat would be nice.

We are so pleased with this phone. Our son has one and was liking it, so we ordered each of us one. Very please with shipping and was here before the actual date. :)

I really am pleased with this phone. I try not to spend too much on my cell phones as I break them constantly. This phone seems rugged. I bought it because I like the specs. my 4G is awesome on this phone and it does everything i want, except for Simpsons tapped out but that's not the phones fault that EAs fault. The phone is more than capable, but when they updated the game it somehow screwed up allowing the F3 to download the update. The apps do fill up the memory quickly though, shows i have room but says i don't when i try to install sometimes, that's the only downside.

For $78-$85 it's a spectacular phone. It's a bit small, in my opinion, but I'd always recommend a case to protect it. The battery is great the response from the screen is great. It's an excellent starter smart phone. The battery is it's biggest advantage since it lasts about a day longer than most phones I've seen or had. I'd definitely recommend this one if you want something new, but don't feel like spending a lot.

wonderful applications; easy to use; no problems at all. This is my 4th version mobile phone and I am very satesfied.

good simple android phone i would really recommend for easy assesible everday use of these phone to eveyone i no

The LG Optimus F3 is a very reliable phone. The battery last for a long time before needing to be recharged.

Awesome best phone I've ever had to be honest won't be switch in any soon I love it yes yes

I had a Samsung Intercept before so this is a dream phone.  Dual core so very responsive.  Love the Qslide.  No lag so far.  Battery lasted full 24 hours with me downloading apps and just playing around with it.  I have a Motorola Xoom tablet and this phone is just as good.  Calls are clear.  Still researching the NFC feature but I plan on taking advantage of it.  Netflix plays perfect.  My friend has HTC one v which I wanted but I think I like mine better.  Time will tell.  I will update my review after I've had the phone for a few months.  My friend HTC one V freezes at times and she has to pull the battery.  So with time I want to see if it will happen with this phone, hope not because bought Owl cover and it is pain to take off!!

Let me start out by saying that for the money it's a great starter phone but how can one start using apps when you can hardly add any. Don't get me wrong the phones speed and useability as a phone is awesome but for an experienced smartphone user that likes their own app's it's just not functional. Just not enough internal memory for apps and the way to move the apps only puts them on a virtual drive on the same internal memory.

This phone is what you see is what you get. Don't try to think you can just buy this and get around the predetermined space. Buying an SD Card does nothing. This phone is deliberately different from other LG phones, in the sense that it's not easily changed, you will not be able to install more bigger luxurious apps. Period. I say again. Don't buy this phone if you think you can just get around it like I thought I could. I have spent many hours annoyed because of this limited space and since I'm here speaking the negatives, if you take the back case off more than twice then it doesn't go back on fully properly. It always feels loose and not secure it's like a little annoyance that adds to my pain of this phone. For the 80 some dollars I paid for it, I'd say it's worth it, I've gotten my fair use out of it so far. But, like I said, I thought buying an SD Card would solve the issues. Nope. I like the phone other than this issue. I found other perks I like about it. It's actually pretty fast as far as I'm concerned but why shouldn't it be? there isn't much that can go on it. It's a nice phone for anyone who &#34;isn't&#34; an advanced user and would just want to stream music and such. I guess an SD Card helps for storing music but most people don't get it for that reason they want more apps. Hope this review helps.

I upgraded from an HTC one V. THis phone is an absolute steal at $100+/- !!  The thing is a beast, I can run Pandora or Iheart, while switching back and forth between the internet and  google maps without it slowing down a bit. There are only two or three things I don't dig about this phone; almost every time I grab the phone to turn it off or on I end up hitting the volume buttons too - they sit directly across from the power button. The volume when utilizing headphomes is a little Quieter than my previous phone. The other issue is with the fact that apps can no longer be installed to the sd card. The phones memory fills up pretty quick. There is an app manager that gives you the opportunity to install some apps on the sd card.I personally don't think theres a better phone for the price. It hangs with my buddies S3! About the only thing I can't speak to, is how well it performs playing games. It does perform with almost no delay while I run one of my favorite resource intensive apps: LOGOS bible. My previous two phones have really bogged down while running this app - my optimus doesn't even flinch!

I really like this phone!!! It isn't too big, but big enough, it fits very nicely in my hand (unlike those big bulky popular phones). I don't do a lot of talking on it but do text and play games. I like it's sleek look and its battery life is ok. I charge it about once every other day. The displace is pretty and I like how the apps are setup.

What a deal! I purchased this because I've been pleased with LG quality in the past. Can't beat the price and the size is perfect.

For a 4G smartphone, this is quite the powerhouse when it comes to lasting.  I can unplug the phone in the morning have it run 4G with auto-sync and everything the LG Optimus will have still have 8 hours of battery at the end of the day.After having the phone for about a month, I have found a major drawback - there is only 1.28GB of internal storage.  I have yet to find a way to transfer apps to my SD card.  This makes me unable to install all the apps I would like.  Also, I cannot cache my Google Music while streaming.

Exactly what i wanted and NEEDED, pretty good phone so far, despite the lack of available memory (about 1.24gb) after all the bloatware, thats why it gets 4 out of 5 stars, can't beat the price, and blazing fast delivery as always by amazon.

My wife really likes this phone.

This phone worked flawlessly for a month and a half then it just quit.  No way to turn it on, no light when plugged into the charger, just dead.  If I wrote this review a day ago I would have given it five stars I have had no problems until it just died.  Amazon return policy will not let me return or exchange it so I guess I am out of my money.  This is the third LG phone I have had and none of the others gave me any problems, but with no way to return a defective product, I will have to consider a different product and a different seller with a return policy that makes me more comfortable spending my money with them.

why is this phone locked? write unlocke code or give my money back :@ it wasn't written that this phone is locked

Just got this phone yesterday and overall I am very happy with it. It was also quick and easy to root.My initial impressions:Pros:-Great price (got it for $154.75 on Amazon!)-Fast-Fast 4G-Qslide is pretty neat, but I probably won't use it much-I like the Led light around the home button-Gorilla glass 2-Comes with very little bloat-The Quick Memo feature is pretty neat, but I also probably won't use it much-Comes with Android 4.1.2 which is fairly current.-great battery life (so far)Cons:-plastic casing feels very cheap, definitely buy a case-soft buttons for the back and menu and a physical button for home is kinda strange to me-external speaker is rather meh

I really want to rave about Virgin Mobile - there's nothing I want to do with this phone that I haven't been able to for only $35/month.  I don't know what everyone else is paying for.  Sounds bizarre to me.

This is a good phone overall it gets the job done for those who aren't looking for a business type phone.  All apps that I've downloaded have run smoothly, not to mention the 4G is always connected and fast in my area I would definitely recommend this phone to anyone.

I've had this phone for one day, and it was a huge upgrade from my old one the minute I turned it on!  The picture is clear, sound is incredible, and it is super responsive!

Initially when I purchased this handset It was a capable and attractive phone. For its price range it was decently equipped and handled games and movie apps without a hitch. Unfortunately, much like the &#34;afforable&#34; Android phones I've owned in the past it began a steady decline before turning into a malfunctioning plastic brick.The Pros:The battery! If there was one shining quality about this was it's battery life. If use was normal it could easily stretch for an entire day. Even with heavy use you'd still get 12 hours on average. The textured backplate was great as it increased grip in your hand compared to the polished-bodied competitor phones.The Cons:Internal storage for a modern smartphone is small. Only 4GB to use and you can't even transfer apps to the SD card. After Google updated everything and you install a few favorite apps, you're bothered with constant low memory warnings. If you only do light activity such as email, occasional Facebook, Twitter and Netflix you'll get by. But heavy use; and you're always emptying the cache to keep the warnings at bay.My personal experience was only 6 months long before the phone simply, just decided to not function anymore. One day the phone app, factory installed disappeared. No matter what remedy we tried even a hard reset would not reveal the app. I know there are rooting options and other methods but I look at it this way. The phone app is one of the most basic, staple apps that should be working without question on EVERY phone. If I have to burn time to get such a basic function to work then there is simply either bad design or poor execution on part of Android and/or LG. I like many people don't have the time to waste tinkering with our phones to the point of geekdom. We just want it to work.The handset used to get very warm sometimes during use. A spot right under the SD card of all places. I'm only assuming the heat issue may have led to it's slow death.

This is a good phone except for the memory. You will need a micro sd when u buy it. Lol

No, I'm not some left wing radical - but, LG is planning to build a tower over the NJ Palisades, an area that for many decades has been left untouched, mostly by a gift from the Rockefellers and the rest by respect from the surrounding towns.LG is callously planning to build this vertical abortion, and you know they can build faster than laws can be enacted to stop them.You KNOW that the only thing companies care about is MONEY - so PLEASE do not buy ANY LG product. These days there is so many comparable products to choose from, it's a small sacrifice to make.PLEASE feel free to repost this any where it will help spread the word.Thank you.

Great Phone. I will order another one soon. I like the light weight phone and love the lock screen settings. A must for anyone looking for a inexpensive phone.

I love this fone.  Downloads apps well.  Easy to use.  Wrote this review with it.  Nice fone.  Would recommend to anyone.  Jan

I would give it five stars buy it has poor memory and I can't doen load nothing even with a SD card inside..... But other than that I like the phone it self,

This is the greatest phone I have ever owned. It does just about everything. The battery life is incredible on this phone. I can talk for 2 hours, watch a two hour video and listen to an hours worth of music and still have 50 percent of the battery left. I love the speech enable mode for dialing numbers and when speaking my address destinations into my GPS Navigation(a free app). Camera resolution under normal lighting is great. I still have to learn how to get better pictures in poorer lighting. The MP3 player works very well although I think they could have done a better job with an equalizer. All in all I am very pleased with my purchase and the phone is well worth the money!!

I ordered ths phone as a Christmas present for my wife. Scored a home run. This phone has more tech features than my rooted HTC Evo 3D. We even get 4G LTE in our rural area. It's lightweight, not to big, touch screen is very sensitive, processor speed is fast. Thinking about getting one for myself. Great purchase.

So far I love my new Optimus F3. I upgraded to the LG Optimus F3 from the LG Optimus Elite. It was truly a worthwhile upgrade.  Best parts I like about the Optimus F3 is that it have a  more powerful  processor, more RAM memory, a larger screen, a newer version of jellybean and a front and rear camera.  All these new feature gave me no regrets about dropping my Elite for the F3. The Optimus F3 have given me a totally new smartphone experience. Everything downloads faster, all applications  load and operate faster and everything looks better.

I'll preface this by saying that it's possible I'm overrating this slightly because of terrible experiences with my two previous Androids. That said, this is a quality phone for those who don't want to spend over $100. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is an issue I had with it out of the box, along with a couple other minor annoyances.First issue...when I initially activated the phone, I had a difficult time picking up a data signal...and I live in an area where this shouldn't be an issue. I had to apply some tweaks via a few different apps (one of them requiring root access) and the problem was solved. Now my data speeds are great.The minor annoyances include the internal storage space. It's adequate as is, if you don't use a lot of apps. If you do, you'll want to root the phone and use the Link2SD app or something similar to move some of your app data to your SD card. Moving to the SD is not available out of the box.Another (very minor) annoyance is an app shortcut widget called Qslide that LG locks into your notification area. For me, it just takes up space, because it doesn't give you a whole lot of options as to what shortcuts you can place there. And it can't be removed, unless there's a hack I haven't discovered yet.Other than that, very happy with it. It's quick and the design gives you a good amount of screen space for a relatively compact phone. Good battery life and charges quickly.So, despite the fact that I used up more space pointing out issues I had with it, I'd say the good far outweighs the bad.

this phone is reported as stolen i did not like this at all why would ya sell a phone thats stolen i dont think thats great what ya did i actually wanted to connect this phone because i have none now i have issues with this because i cant connect my phone this is so not right. i need retorned  my mony back. ray now.no quiero problemas, siempre he comprado en esta tienda y nunca habia tenido problemas ninguano. espero me puedan resolver esta situacion lo mas pronto posible, no quiero inc0nvenientes por esta causa.esperando su pronta respuesta, rosanny reyes

Voice quality not good. Has multiple false message notifications daily. Must be shut-off at night as a result of these false notifications. Is possibly the least expensive truesmart phone on the market.

I got this phone as a replacement for the LG Optimus Elite which I liked very much but had stopped working after 9 months. The F3 is significantly faster (both internet and system) and it has both rear and forward facing cameras. It's a really nice phone EXCEPT it only has 1 gig of storage (compared the Elite's 8 gigs). Apps cannot be moved to the SD card! I ran out of space in a week and and had begin the process of pairing down apps.  If you don't use many apps it's a wonderful phone. If you use more than a few basic apps this is not the phone for you.

This phone is amazing! It is just like an IPhone but it's affordable. I have had LG phones for years now and I have had this phone for about two weeks and I haven't had any problems.

The major bonus on this phone for me is that it stays charged longer, so it's more likely to have juice left when I need to use it.  Even without a lot of apps, I've definitely bumped my head on the low memory available, but that's the only significant flaw I've discovered.

I purchased this phone for my daughter and liked it so well I will be getting one for myself! Great battery life, responsive touch screen, high quality video and great sound. The LG phones have been very reliable for my family and the F3 is no exception. And the price is a super deal for the features and quality this phone offers!

Was good value and helps me accomplish lots of stuff. The product was in great condition as promised and so far, now a month, i haven't experienced any anomaly. Also am always impressed with the way Amazon ships its product, one of the fastest shipper i have dealt with. I can give them a plus five star. I love transacting business with Amazon

I have found this to be the easiest phone to use and work with. Love the light weight it has and calls are clear and fat facing is next to nothing. LOVE IT

I was looking to upgrade to a newer smart phone and this is the perfect solution!  It's exactly what I wanted.  Couldn't be happier. I received my shipment in less than 3 days. OUTSTANDING Customer Service!  If everything in life were this easy! :) 5 STARS for sure!

This gift was for my Granddaughter and she was thrilled with it. She has it set up the way she wants it to be.

Before I start my review let me list the previous phones I have used for reference:HTC One VLG Optimus EliteLG Optimus VThis phone blows all of them out of the water. I am 58 yrs old so this review is for the older crowd, less about how many apps you can use, more about how intuitive and easy this phone is to use. The well thought out home screen can hold all of your pertinent short cuts. A quick swipe from the top, gives you quick access to, sound, wifi, sync, and quick memo. Email setup is easy, with plenty of settings to increase or limit the number of emails stored on the phone. I sync my contacts with Google, fast and easy. Searching contacts is simplified by tapping one of the alphabet letters running down the screen on the right. No more flicking endlessly to get to contacts starting with &#34;y&#34;Placing and receiving calls is seamless. Battery life is excellent and the &#34;%&#34; of battery life remaining can be displayed next to the battery icon. I talked 5hrs on a Bluetooth head set yesterday and still had 38% remaining. last but not least, the screen is crisp and clear with touch inputs responding exactly as you intend, hard to &#34;fat finger&#34; a text. The voice to text option is the most accurate I have ever used. Words appear almost as fast as I speak. I highly recommend this phone for the &#34;older&#34; crowd, if you are looking for one that you don't need a computer science degree to operate.

this is my second lg phone I would recommend it to a friend fantastic phone battery life is longer than before the 4G is very quick

This is a lightweight phone with good battery life and quickly processes demanding apps like Navigation. I'm still not a huge fan of Virgin Mobile but the phone itself is 5 stars.

greatest phone for the price. satisfies all my needs and the storage issue isn't even an issue. I paired it with the suggested case and it fits like a dream and I have never liked any cases on phones before. it is super fragile feeling so I think it defiantly warrants the case. awesome and powerful in a small package

I bought this because my optimus V suddenly stopped. It works great and also have a lot of internal space. However It was really disappointing to discover that Apps are not allowed to switch them to the Micro SD card. It was really shocking to me because I know that every 2 weeks programs such as Facebook or Instagram are updated... So your internal memory will blow away really fast!!!!The Micro SD card will only work for images, videos and music, though.

I have the Virgin Mobile LG Optimus F3.  It was fine for a few months, but very quickly, I ran out of space!  There is no option to move any apps to the SD card.  I have disabled all the apps I dare to (that I cannot delete) and deleted almost all the apps I downloaded (with the exception of the few I use multiple times a day).  I have clear the cache of other apps just about every other day.  I am forever getting the &#34;system memory full&#34; warning, and I can no longer even look at new emails (the major reason I got  smart phone in the first place).  I am ditching this phone (sadly, I feel like I wasted a bunch of money!).

I'm in instant love. With the camera open, all i have to do is say a one of the words given and it takes 5 pics so i can choose the best one.

I'm not sure how anyone else is able to use this phone for more than the most basic functions.When I received the phone, I downloaded maybe 10-15 apps. After about a week, I ran out of space for text messages -- and I had only received a few texts anyway. I had to delete the majority of my apps and delete every text as they came in.The lack of internal memory can't be offset by using an SD card; there is no way to store apps on external memory. According to an email response I got from LG, this is a limitation put on the phone at the request of the carrier.I've been stuck with this phone for about 4 months now, and I don't have enough space to store call logs. I can't keep more than one or two text messages at a time, and I have to clear out my cache every time I receive one. And I get constant notifications that I don't have enough space -- &#34;some actions may be limited&#34;.Other than the memory limitations, the phone works pretty well. I like the operating system, and the phone itself is well designed. But it's no good if I'm limited to a handful of apps and 1 or 2 texts at a time.

I love how it's not too big nor too small. More memory for me so I'm happy about that. It doesn't lag at all and it's very reliable.

Sound quality - great.4G speeds in Tampa Bay area - sub-par.Quality of phone - good, but better after fixing issues.There is a flaw in the OS that does not allow apps to be installed to the memory card. This can be corrected by gaining root access with Saferoot, and modifying the memory card partitions with AParted and linking the partition with Link2SD. There is a video that shows step by step instructions online that are impossible to screw up, even if you don't know what you're doing.If you choose not to follow these steps, your phone will run out of space with less than 8 installed, along with stored text messages.

By far the best value for a 4G LTE phone out there, no doubt about this, if you can find a better value let me know.  I got this just to move up to 4G and treat myself to a new phone.  Paid 50% Off Retail Price and no regrets so far.This is a very slippery smallish phone and yes, you will need some sort of case.  The screen is made with Gorilla Glass, so I am not going to purchase a screen protector.  Battery life is superb with no need for some kind of Battery Saver App, even with heavy Browser, Instagram, Email and Maps use, I get 24 hours quite easily.  Charge up is relatively quick and unlike my other phone, it holds onto the 100% charge even when unplugged.  It does not lose much charge when phone is sleeping.As far as performance, it's pretty quick and responsive.  Camera is better than I was expecting, installed software is not intrusive and some can be "disabled".  Standard launcher/screen is pretty boring so I use "Smart Launcher" App, it's free and clean.  It does take some getting used to the "Qslide Apps", but the very cool notification light is unbeatable.As far as the available 1.24Gb of space, I have loaded all my previous Apps and still have @ 700Mb and I do not play many games on this device.  All the complaints about the available Space and the inability to move all/some Apps to an SD card is unjustified.  Why on earth would you even buy this phone if you already know all this ahead of time.  I do encourage using an SD card, so you don't use up all your space for photos, downloads, etc etc etc.  If you're looking to find a 4G LTE phone with more internal storage, you'll also be looking for a phone that is at LEAST twice the price.Voice and Data reception is going to be about the same as you're getting now, maybe just a bit better.  Where I have strong Voice and Data reception, I can pick up 4G as well.  However, don't expect this phone (or for that matter most any phone) to improve quality of reception.  When I do pick up 4G, the speeds are out of this world, as high as 16Mbps to an average of 6Mbps download, this really is a pleasant surprise.  Call quality is clear and constant.After giving this phone a hard workout for the last 5 days, I have nothing but praise!  No glitches, no shut offs, no freezes... (knock on wood)

This phone is just as good as the expensive IPhone. I am thrilled with the appearance, the speed, and size of it. I would recommend this to everyone looking for this type of phone.

This item I choose to purchase meet all my needs plus,  unfortunately it was stolen and I could notafford to purchase an new or replacement. But by all means great product.

I've owned mine for about 3 weeks now and i enjoy the price i paid for the quality of this phone.

This will be my 4th Android smartphone & 3rd from LG.  After 2 years with the LG Optimus V on Virgin Mobile (VM), I get T-Mobile prepaid a try when I found their LG Optimus L9 at a good price earlier this year.  Too bad T-Mobile's prepaid plans aren't as good as VM's, neither is their mobile data network in this part of NW Ohio.  So after a month of limping along with a serious Android device, I went back to VM with their Samsung Galaxy S II 4G (as in WiMax).  The build quality of the Samsung is quite good, but I never got used to holding the thing, it's a little to large for my liking (see my review elsewhere on Amazon).  I did get to like the size of the display (very little squinting needed), and the speakerphone in the car was good enough I didn't need my Bluetooth speakerphone (much).  And of course, WiMax is doomed, so the 4G on that device was useless.  So when I saw that VM was offering the LG Optimus F3 with 4G LTE, I got one, although Sprint doesn't have much 4G in OH yet.My first impression of the hardware was favorable: I like the physical Home button, and the build quality is acceptable (I don't think it's as cheap as other reviewers).  The size is about right for me, especially the thickness (same as the Samsung).Other reviewers' complaints/concerns about the internal memory (1.2 GB) are unfounded, in my opinion.  I installed all the apps I was using on the Samsung, and still have 600+ MB remaining (that's way more than the ancient Optimus V had to begin with).  Worried about space for music, ringtones, photos, etc. ?  Get a fast microSD card and put those things there.  And VM/LG didn't add too much bloat to the phone; at least they give ways to remove much of it.Swapping from the Samsung to the LG was smooth enough, though VM's instructions could be a little clearer (how often do they think the average VM customer swaps their phones, anyway?).The 4.0in, 800x480 display is small compared to the 4.7in display on the Samsung, but the resolution is the same, so we're not missing anything (it's just smaller).  For this resolution, the 4.0in screen is just fine.  Screen brightness in outdoor ambient light is OK, too.  I like the Screen Brightness control in the Notification bar Quick Settings: tap for low, half, full, & a custom setting - who needs more than that ?This phone comes with Android 4.1.2 without too much LG modification.  I like that LG didn't mess with the stock Call Reject feature; Samsung either hid or disabled it, so a 3rd party app was needed to have the phone reject calls from a black list, also on 4.1.2.Connectivity is decent enough on 3G  & good on WiFi - I get a 19Mbps connection from my home office on the 3rd floor of our late 20s frame house with the router in the basement.  And while 4G LTE continues to roll-out (none in NW Ohio yet), throughput is impressive when I can find a 4G signal in SE Michigan (around Detroit Metro Airport) - 350kbps vs 17,000kbps.  The GPS receiver seems to perform well, too (look out Garmin).The 5MP camera is fine for a smartphone camera -- remember, it's (mostly) a phone, not a camera.  It's very fast, and has decent resolution.The speakerphone is on the anemic side, so unless you're driving an Audi S8 with an active sound isolation system, best to pair the F3 with a Bluetooth device.  And while I'm on the topic, voice calls to both land-line & mobile phones sound fine (on both ends).And I shouldn't forget to mention the battery life with the stock 2,460 mAh battery -- it is astounding.  The Samsung Galaxy S II needed to be charged constantly as soon as any data connectivity was involved (WiFi or G3).  As other reviewers have suggested, I fully expect that the F3 could go days between charges if one only used the phone or SMS text messages.  But what would be the point of that ?I don't mind that the phone doesn't have a mobile WiFi Hotspot.  For as little use as that would get, I don't plan on paying extra for that, anyway.Bottom line: the LG Optimus F3 is a great 4G value if you can take advantage of it.

I have been using this LG Optimus F3 for Virgin Mobile for about a month now and am overall very pleased with the performance of the smartphone, especially given its low non-subsidized price.  My gripes are the terrible speaker on the back, 3G data performance, and the rear 5MP camera.  Otherwise, the phone screams for the price.  I upgraded from the HTC One V, and this phone is so much better, especially if you can get LTE in your area (as this phone is LTE capable).More about the cons:1)Terrible speakerphone performance.  When you raise the speaker on the back to more than 25% of max volume, your calls are heavily distorted and barely understandable.  Since I perform most of my calls on speakerphone, this is a big negative for me.2)3G data on Sprint network.  If you are unlucky like me and have very few LTE towers in your area, 3G data is a huge problem on Sprint.  On most days, daytime 3G data is intermittent at best.  e.g. if I try to stream a 32k TuneIn Radio stream, I often get data flow problems so many times I give up on listening.  However, I have two LTE towers a couple of towns away from my house and LTE works flawlessly on this phone.  I regularly get less than 50ms pings and 20Mbps+ down / 5Mbps+ up on LTE.3)Rear 5MP camera.  The rear camera is mediocre at best.  Don't expect anything close to excellent shots with this one.I hope this helps.  The phone starts up fast, Android 4.1 is smooth, and the F3 is an overall excellent value.  I highly recommend purchasing, especially if you can get LTE in your area.

This is probably the best phone you can buy for the least amount of money on the virgin mobile plan. Keep in mind that you get what you pay for with this phone. The internal storage is limited - on opening the phone it reported 1.2 GBs available. It has a sd card expansion slot, but most apps will require to be on the internal storage of your phone. The external SD card would be useful if you want to store a lot of music, photos or video. Also keep in mind that the RAM is limited. When I opened this phone it reported 350 MBs available of RAM, which will decrease with every app you install. Which reminds me the MobileID pack is probably the most annoying part of Virgin Mobile. As soon as you turn it on this does a mandatory install of package of apps that just takes up the RAM and internal storage, which is why the available RAM and storage is so low for what was advertised. I'm not sure the performance will continue to be good if you install very many apps on it. If you want a smart phone that you can install a few essential apps on, use for texting and calling, then this is the phone for you.

The LG F3 is Virgin's first 4G LTE phone with both a light and compact body and an affordable price. It is sometimes discounted to under $100, making it a bargain.A MAJOR flaw: a tiny 1.2gb of internal memory for apps and app updates. If you are willing to learn how to overcome this flaw, the F3 is a terrific phone. The LG Optimus F3 is half the price of some much larger, much heavier 4G LTE phones.A MINOR flaw:  Wi-Fi connections can be flaky.  Half a web page downloads and then Wi-Fi disconnects.  I must reset my home router several times a day.The F3 provides up to 24 hours per battery charge compared with 10 hours for many 4G LTE Android phones. Weak points include a mediocre camera and average rear speaker for music, and a processor too slow for some demanding games.You can add a 16gb or 32gb SD card to store your music and videos but the limited internal memory will block the installation of some very large games. I was able to move some of my larger apps to the external SD card, but Google apps, such as Maps and Navigation must remain in internal memory.FREEING INTERNAL MEMORY: You can free a ton of internal memory in "settings" by going to the "all apps" tab. Next, look at every app using more than 1 meg of memory. If you don't use an app, uninstall its updates, uncheck notifications, then select delete or disable.Apps most people can delete or disable include Google+, Google Books, Google Magazines, Google TV, Google Books, and the Chrome browser app. Be sure to uninstall all updates before disabling an app. You can re-enable an app in the future.CASE WARNING: The Sprint/Virgin Mobile LS720 model has different body contours and microphone placment compared with the T-Mobile/MetroPCS MS659 version. Wedging your phone into the wrong size case may damage your phone. When you buy a case, make sure the vendor is selling you the correct case.This is a  good phone if your neighborhood has strong Sprint/Virgin coverage. The coverage map at the Virgin Mobile website enables you to zoom in to see the signal strength on your block.If you live in an area not served by the Virgin Mobile 4G LTE network, you can buy the GSM version of the LG F3 from T-Mobile or for a lower price from MetroPCS.

When I seen that this phone was only 90$ on Black Friday, I had to get it. This is my third Optimus, I started off with with V, then upgraded switched to the Elite, now I'm with the F3. I only use the phone for the basics, like calls, internet, camera, music apps and videos. Camera and battery life is very good. I can't tell everyone how the 4G is because Virgin Mobile told me they didn't have 4G in my area, but the 3G works great. The only small issue is the little internal memory you get, and even when you but a sd card, you still cant transfer the apps to it, like you could do on the Elite. But you can put music, pics, etc on the sd card. So the best thing to do for internal memory is to delete the uninstallable preloaded apps, all of them cant be deleted but a majority of them can. Minors flaws aside, this is a great phone for the price.

Edited one day later:At first I gave this phone 5 stars.  Having used it I give it about a 3.5-4 stars because the claims and reviews I've read didn't totally pan.  Of course we realize user-experience can differ from person to person.On the whole the LG Optimus F3 appears to work pretty well.  At about $150 (currently) for a duo-core latest-tech phone it's a pretty good deal.  The F3 is thin and light-weight (about 1/2 the weight of my HTC Evo V) which means it's much more comfortable to carry.  It has a very visible decent-size screen (4").However, there are some minor, itchy little drawbacks.  Prominent is the HOME button, which is an actual requires-pressure pushbutton rather than a touch key.  On the one hand it's not as easy to accidentally hit, which is a plus.  On the other hand, it's not as easy to intentionally press, which is a minus.  Coin toss on that one.The user interface is not as intuitive and user-friendly as I would like.  There's a bunch of stuff at the top of the screen that I'm not used to being on Android... and it seems standard things I use daily that I had to search and find.  Probably a matter of just getting used to it, but minorly annoying since I own 3 other Android devices and they all work similarly to one another.Most annoying was the disappointing battery life.  The phone advertises "16 hours of talk time" compared to the standard 7-8 on most phones.  This was difficult to believe since it has a smaller battery than some.  That hard to believe turned out to be true.  I ran some significant and extensive tests (stand-by tests, Netflix tests, screen-always on tests, and an "overnight see how much battery it retains just sitting there" test)... and found it was about neck and neck with my EVO-V, which is known to have poor battery life.  In reality, most Android phones I've seen have horrible battery life-- especially if one turns on WiFi or Bluetooth.  This phone discharged from 100% to 75% just sitting idle overnight... same as my HTC.  Thus my primary reason for buying it-- the vaunted huge battery life-- turned out to be groundless hype.Also to be factored in is VM's service.  If you live in an area with good reception, you'll have little problem. If you live on a "fringe area"... you will grow to hate Virgin Mobile.  Their "coverage map" is significantly overrated in quality (as people will verify in hundreds of net reviews).  That's a drawback for all their phones, not just this one, but it does detract from the attraction of the LG Optimus.All that considered, responding to a couple of misconceptions:Several folks have commented on the "very low memory" (about 1 gig) and "can't install apps on the SD card".The HTC Evo V has the same internal memory... as do a lot of Android phones.  Many Android tablets have only 512 megs or 1 gig of core RAM.  That's nothing unusual.  I've put a ton of apps on my phone and never run out of memory.If one does run out of memory... it may be time to clear out some non-essential apps.  Move high-level games to the SD card (if possible)-- or limit your phone to lower-level games and save the big ones for your tablet or PC.  One shouldn't really run out of memory on a 1 gig phone.  If that happens, you may need to examine app use levels and research how Android handles app storage.  I've included a bit on that below.  In general, a gig should be plenty if you add a microSD card (which is pretty much a given essential these days.  Be sure to use a "class 10" card).Some phones have higher internal memory... but they cost a whole lot more (for example the Samsung S3 has 16 gigs, but is $400).  The Apple iPhone has 8 gigs (or more)... but is expensive and can't be expanded.  This phone can take up to a 32 gig chip.Some folks have complained apps can't be placed on the microSD.  That's simply not correct.  Some have claimed LG has crippled the phone.  I've seen no evidence of such.  It uses standard Android 4.1.1 Jellybean... and has a lot less "garbage" on the phone than others I've seen.Be aware that with Android, not all apps can be transferred to an SD card; they have to be specifically written to allow transferring.  There are apps on the market specifically designed to let you know whether an app can be transferred or not-- and that perform that transfer if it's possible.  I'd highly recommend buying a 16 or 32 gig mSD card and transferring as many as possible.  I've loaded lots of apps without resorting to the SD card and still had about 1/3 of my RAM free.  Never even came close to filling a gig.The plus of course is an inexpensive full-blown Android phone and plans starting at $35 a month.  I don't think one can buy a better phone for the money, which is why I give it 4 stars.
