
The Nokia Lumia 810 met all my expectations in terms of the quality of this previously used product.  I am very satisfied with the item.

broke my expectations of it i can finally sinc to myxbox with my phone and use an sd cardlove it

This phone is fantastic it has a great quality. It's a bit tricky to navigate at first but it's amazing after you learn how. the camera is also amazing.

Excellent phone, excellent price, good service, recommended. Product meets expectations. It meets my everyday needs and I would ask others to consider it.

the phone is pretty basic, decent but not great.  the camera does do the burst that i like, but the photos weren't always very clear.  its decent. just not great.

i love it nice camera and quality this is my first windows phone i always had android but now i don't change my windows phone back to android i love this phone its better definitely i will buy another one later

I ordered this phone Friday July 27th 2013 and paid for one day shipping. The tracking said it would arrive Monday the 29th . However Sunday when I went back online to check the tracking it said that the estimated delivery  date was Tuesday. Immediately I got on the phone and contacted costumer service to see why my order would be coming a day after the date that I wanted it to come and paid for it to come on. They were very nice and gave me a refund. I received the phone yesterday 7/30/13 around 4pm and already I am in love with it. I would highly recommend this phone to anyone. It does come with the battery, back door, and charger inside the original T-Mobile box that its sold in so that's a plus. The phone works great no complaints so far.

I like phone function but disappointed receive defective speaker in phone. Unable to use speaker. Couldnt  hear or  understand caller due to annoying sound, extremely loud echo, tremor, etc when activated speaker. Also phone self turned off several times as well.

Arrived on-time and came in nearly perfect condition. The only thing I had to do was get a microsim card from my local t-mobile store. Cant beat the specs in this price range and windows 8 is an absolute pleasure to use. Completely pleased with this purchase, would absolutely buy again.

I was a bit skeptical at first going from an android phone to a windows, but after using it for a week I fell in love with it and wouldn't trade it for the world. It has a fantastic camera with a Carl Zeis lens it takes great pictures. The battery life is really good, I use the phone to Skype my family in NY and its probably the best video chat experience on a phone I ever had. I use it to listen to music in my car with Pandora app there are no commercials which I love. I use the GPS & the Nokia maps are great. Overall a great phone the only negative thing I would say is the lack of apps, Windows is still catching up to Apple & Google but besides that great value.

This is an amazing value for money phone. I wish you guys would buy this from amazon instead of the Lumia521 or the much more costlier 1020 which is forced on us by the providers. It has it's limitations, the settings and applications are not as versatile as the android. It has a great touch screen, resolution and and camera. I am not a techie but this phone has worked smoothly with great google calender apps, list apps, social network apps. I have had an iphone3s and s3mini before and I am not missing any of them. I did not have a small SIM so I cut it to the dimensions myself ( youtube).

I have spent the past few years buying different phones, trying to find the right one, there are always problems with them. Well this one is the closest to "just right" as I can find. Everything is real straight forward, easy to set up. I have had difficult phones and have met the challenge, so I have nothing more to prove, easy is fine for me now. I can customize the colors every day, set on-screen shortcuts, set alarms and reminders. The texting screen is great, the right size and placement of keys for my thumbs. The phone itself is comfortable to hold. The camera, a very important feature for me, takes great pictures, even indoors. As with everything, turning the flash on and off is one tap.I guess there are still a couple CONS...1. The delay on the camera is too long to take some shots.2. As far as I can tell, I can not get or send photos within text messages.Other than that, this phone has everything I need. It is my second Nokia Lumia and I still like it. I just bought my daughter one too.

Is this the absolute best T-Mobile Windows Phone to-date?Well, depends on your needs - for my needs, yes - it's the best.At a bare minimum, I wanted a T-Mobile phone with Windows Phone OS, Removable Batteries, Micro-sd slots and Wireless charging capability. Plus, I need a phone with a reasonably sized screen that doesn't look awkward in my dress-pants,This phone fits the bill (NOTE: for wireless-charging capability, you do need to replace the back cover with a wireless charging one). I bought the Lumia 810 when it first came out and two years later, there's still no better option in specs that fits my minimum requirements. I lost my phone and I'm finding myself now purchasing the exact same phone as I had two years ago because there's nothing better! T-Mobile really needs to get their act together and have Nokia make them a better smartphone than those cheap 500 and 600-series phones that were intended to replace the 810.Yes, the Lumia 925 has better specs in several ways - but it does NOT have removable batteries, or a micro SD-card slot. Plus, it's kinda big in the pants.Personally, I don't like being tethered to a power-source, always looking for somewhere to charge my phone. You can say all you want about portable battery chargers/power-banks - but nothing beats carrying a few small spare batteries - especially if you're hiking, camping, travelling on long trips. Even that extra battery in your jeans pocket can be a life-saver on a night-out! Micro-SD capability also affords me a lot of versatility.If your needs are similar to mine and T-Mobile is your carrier, look no further!PS - T-Mobile no longer supports/pushes Windows Phone OS updates to this phone - but you can install the Microsoft Lumia Black update (beta) on pretty much any phone that has Windows Phone 8. This is an official Microsoft update (do a search for "Lumia Black Preview for Developers")  - the beauty of it is that it's the latest and greatest version of the OS, and it untethers you from having to wait on your carrier to push updates.

Acquired the nokia lumia 810 because it is a great team, my surprise when I arrived in Venezuela, so excited I opened it insert my sim card and I went and put the data plan, it appears that so far the phone does not grab me signal to navigate the data plan that would help me solve this problem since, so I'll have to send consequent to change what I hope your support!!

Dropped it the same way I dropped my cracked IPhone and no damage. You can resize the application icons which I found useful for holding more desired apps without having to scroll down constantly. I also Noticed a few marks on the back as if it's been opened before (even though it was advertised new), but nothing too serious that I was not happy with the purchase. Last of all the battery life is good if your not addicted to smartphones.

It barely even looks used. It only has 2 scratches where it was dropped and they were described to me before i bought they phone. However, windows isnt for everyone so check it out before you buy

I've had this Nokia phone for a couple of weeks now.  It is my first &#34;smart&#34; phone.  I was with T-Mobile, so switching over was easy with just a phone call.  It comes with a &#34;sim&#34; card. What I like about this phone is the camera.  The camera is great, with many features.  I added a 64 GB Micro SD card.  I've also moved all of my favorite music over to this phone, from my computer.  The phone works very well.  I purchased a couple of protective covers here on Amazon, and like them both.  I also purchased a water-proof speaker and enjoy my music while I shower.  (connected with bluetooth)  This phone has so many features I could not talk about them all here.  I would recommend this phone.

Before jumping on this deal (i.e. $259 "for Nokia Lumia 810 8GB T-Mobile Phone with Windows 8 OS, 8MP Camera + Seconday 1.2MP Camera, Video, Dual-Core Processor, Dolby Sound Enhancement, Nokia ClearBlack Display, 4.3" AMOLED Touchscreen, GPS, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, MP3/MP4 Player, SNS Integration and microSD Slot up to 64GB - Black", and after deciding that you don't care if the phone is "unlocked" or not, then call up your Tmobile store and learn the Tmobile price for the same phone and features.  You will spend substantially less there, but the phone can only be used with a Tmobile account.  The phone is still available from Tmobile but you may have to call several stores to find one that has it in stock.

It said the phone would get here In 3-5 days I got it in two days. Fast shipping. The phone said it had normal use damage scratch on screen, only comes with battery & battery door. The phone looked brand new! It came with a brand new charger, the battery & the battery door as well, like promised. I was so happy with it. The phone is fantastic. I was so surprised & so please I got a better product then I thought I was going to get.

I ordered this phone on a Friday morning and received the phone by the time I got back from work on Monday! I was very pleased with the speedy service. I also purchased a like new/good condition phone and it looks brand new!! I am extremely happy with my new phone!!

Good phone...Great display (screen)Nice cameraWish the volume was louder with headphones.No more updates even thought microsoft said 36 months...-But thats a t-mobile thing...Besides that couldnt be happier

I'm a bit fussy when it comes to phones but I don't want to pay ridiculous amounts of money for the latest and greatest. This phone is not only the best Nokia I've ever owned, it's got a really good OS too. Unlike the Android phones I've owned this OS doesn't crash...at all! I've owned for nearly two months and it's great! as far as stability and consistency is concerned it's comparable to the Blackberry OS. The biggest selling point to me was/is Skype, I am not limited to who I can video talk to based on what phone they have; heck they don't even need a phone, if they have Skype and a Camera, we can chat. I love that feature as I have family in England and we chat at least once a week. I haven't tested it on 3 or 4G though, I've always done it on WiFi.The camera is great (front and back) and the flash is way, way better than most phone flashes (not camera's - they're still the best).oh and one last thing, this is the T-Mobile and you can get it working, as I did, on Straight-Talk, but you will need to download the following App, via WiFi: Access Point, the description says it's designed for phones with two SIMs, that's not the case for this phone but it still lets you add APN settings and then make it the primary, thus swerving around the built in T-Mobile settings, which I can't delete. I haven't had any dropped calls but I do experience MMS issues every once in a while, nothing major, I just have to re-send and that seems to do the trick, and that might not even be a phone issue if I'm to be honest.

Pros: Can download  a whole power point with the ability to edit and take notesBattery life is great whole day while playing on it in a single charge.The ability to change the box sizeCons: market place needs to updateThe apps and the phone does not feel in sync sometimesLag between facebook messanger app and the phone messageThe vibration is very low on the phoneIn the end this a a great phone for a great price I have only had it for about 2 weeks so in about a month I will update how I feel about the phone

Great phone. Love the live tiles.Pros -- Great pre-installed apps like City Lens- Has Microsoft Office includedCons -- does not support wifi calling- not many apps available

I returned it for refund, it was defective out of the box.Not the sellers fault that it was defective though.

First, I have to say that I've been a Nokia customer for several years.  My work often sends me to foreign lands, and when I arrive at my destination, I purchase local SIM cards for my current Nokia.  Since I always bought INTERNATIONAL versions of my previous Nokia phones, I've never had a problem with compatibility with local networks.  With my Nokia phones, I also stuck with the flagship models.  Nokia's maps & GPS always seems to be better than what my co-workers might bring with them.  Nokia's models also seemed sturdier than what other brands offered.Last spring, my old Nokia N97 began to have a screen display problem.  I started looking for a replacement, and the first thing I found was that Nokia has abandoned their old Symbian operating system.  I never really liked that system, but I was used to it, and it had matured over the years to where it was working well with my Windows desktop, laptop and other devices.  I had equated the Symbian OS on my first couple of Nokia's with the one old desktop that I had run using the LINUX OS.  You had to be pretty geeky to use it, but it was pretty powerful if you were an "IT" guy.By staying with Nokia, my first compromise was giving up Symbian for the Windows Phone 8 OS.  I held off on that decision until I could 'hands on' try Android and WP8.Then, as I researched the Lumia 9xx 'flagship' models, I immediately discovered that the batteries were sealed in the case, and that there was no sdMicro card slot.  Those two missing things were an immediate deal breaker for me.  I am so used to carrying a 2nd battery, and a backup sdMicro card when I travel - I can't imagine traveling without them.I had to bump down my Nokia choices to the next best models, the Lumia 8xx models.  That meant the AT&T; 820, the Verizon 822, or the T-Mobile 810 as the only three to choose from.  I don't like AT&T; as a company, and Verizon doesn't service my area, so I'd be staying with T-Mobile.My next step was to go to the T-Mobile store, and try their Windows Phone 8 models.  There was an HTC, a Samsung, and the Nokia 810 all running on WP8.  I played with all three, and found them quite similar, except that the Nokia had the really cool Nokia map & GPS based apps already installed.  The new WP8 OS was instantly easy to navigate.  I really liked it.  I bought the Lumia 810 outright, right in the store.After two days at home, the Lumia died.  It just turned itself off, and nothing would wake it up.  The only way to get it going again was to remove the back, pull the battery loose, reinsert it, and it was back running again.  Over the next week, with the phone just sitting on my desk, it did the same thing several times, seemingly at random.  Some web searching found that a lot of people had the same problem... but some didn't.  I saw that T-Mobile had discontinued the phone the same week that I had bought mine.  I took mine back to T-Mobile, got my refund, and put my old Nokia N97 back into service.  T-Mobile still didn't have their Lumia 925 model available.  I'd have to wait.During the next few months, I kept checking on what was available, and also hoping that HTC or Samsung might have a comparable interchangeable battery model available.  But, wait!  Some other models with interchangeable batteries were reporting similar problems.  Not nearly a many as the Lumia 810, but there were some.When the T-Mobile Lumia 925 finally arrived, it was heralded as the best of the Lumia 9xx series.  I still hesitated, and then the AT&T; came out with their Lumia 1020 model - which I assume will be followed by the Verizon and T-Mobile versions.  Awesome phone, but obviously, the sealed case is here to stay.  I went back to researching, and decided to try for an International version of the Lumia 810 on Amazon.  If I got another one with the same problem as the first one, I could easily return it, and resign myself to a phone with a sealed case.When this one arrived, I put it to the test for three weeks before going to T-Mobile for a new SIM card.  After several faultless days, I tried it with a 2nd new Nokia battery, and three days later, it went belly up.  I put the original battery back in, and tested for another two weeks, without a glitch.  About two weeks ago, I went back to T-Mobile, and changed the SIM card.  (Actually, they just cut the old N97 SIM down to the micro size).  The Lumia 810 is still running without a hitch.  I'm glad I took the chance on getting one of the good ones.It's apparent to me that the current sellers of this phone bought up T-Mobile's remaining stock, certainly knowing that some would undoubtedly be returned.  Now that I have a good one, I would have given it five stars... I do love it.  The missing fifth star is due to the relatively poor interface with Windows 7 on the esktop.  Symbian (and OVI) eventually got their interface with Windows to be very robust.  I could manage so many things on the phone through my desktop, especially the CONTACTS list with OUTLOOK.  Now, I'm back to the infancy days of Windows desktop management of my phone data and files.Since MICROSOFT has recently purchased most of the NOKIA company, I'm assuming that the desktop - phone interface will be greatly improved in the near future.  That would make this phone worthy of five stars.

So this particular lumia was a skeptical for me at first ...it has a memory card ... removeable battery ... now what got me ... is that the specs claimed there was a built in radio .. but that didn't seem to be the case with the phone that I got. And I have to big up the seller TOPCELL ... which doesn't seem to be available anymore .. but the phone came unlocked .. which i was extremely happy about

I love my Nokia Lumia 810. I have had mine for almost a year now and it works just as good today as it did when I bought it.  Very easy to use, looks great and takes great pics. Will definitely be sticking with the Nokia Windows phones.

This phone is great. I bought two phones. One for me and one for my wife.  She absolutely loves it.  We are not experts when it comes to smart phones, but this phone is very easy to use and we are very please with this buy.  I would definately recommend this phone.  If you decide to buy this phone, you will not be dissappointed.

I love this phone ! I bought two, I love that it has a micro sd slot ! It's super fast and camera quality is awesome.

I wanted this phone.I'm a T-Mobile customer and wanted a second phone with a low-cost pre-paid option and this is it. The Lumia 810 was specifically created for T-Mobile and was originally sold on a 2-year contract. The company no longer offers the phone but does support it and it can be used on any T-Mobile plan. I currently use my 810 on the company's $30 a month phone/data/text plan that gives me everything I need. I added a 32GB micro SD card for music, photos and videos because the phone only has 8GB HD but it hasn't been a problem whatsoever. The 810 is - in my opinion - one of the better looking - if not slightly thicker - Windows phones available but I have been very happy with it. The built-in HERE Drive app is worth the price of admission and the Nokia MixMusic app is a very solid ad-free streaming service that can be upgraded with unlimited skips for $3.99 a month.Update 4/6/2014: T-Mobile is not providing additional software updates to the Lumia 810 despite the fact that Nokia is making them available. The Nokia Black update that was pushed out to T-Mobile's 520 and 925 Lumia models was not made available the 810 and there's a strong belief it will not be able to receive the upcoming 8.1 OS update from Microsoft/Nokia which will likely affect the phone's ability to load newer apps. There's some discussion that Microsoft/Nokia have said that all Lumias currently running WP 8.0 will be upgraded regarded of carrier support - including the 810 - but that is by no means certain and I wouldn't invest $200+ in a phone that is at this moment EOL'd. That said, this phone is still very solid, works well and if you don't need the latest/greatest is an affordable choice for 95% of smartphone customers who prefer the WindowsPhone operating system and don't want to settle for the 500-series models the company is selling for $99.

I think it's good.It runs good,and doesn't have too much damage.But if it came with charger will be better.Anyway the phone is good.

We have had two other Nokia phones models in the family and they have been reliable and long lasting. So far, so good on this one. Easy to figure out set-up and personalization. Solidly built. Reasonably priced. It was easy to sync with my car's bluetooth phone feature.The not-so-good: battery life is 12-15 hours, even with little use. Not sure if this is a bad battery, or, could be my fault for not thinking through delivery--It was outside my front door in -30 degree temps! Not a good delivery plan on my part, in retrospect. Secondly, I wear small in women't gloves, the phone is too wide for me to hold in one hand and operate the entire keyboard with my thumb of the same hand. Lastly, the volume button is in a bad place. Easy to press during normal use. Almost daily I find I have accidentally lowered my volume so much that I missed calls.I will continue to recommend and purchase Nokia phones.

Good product, Excellent.  I read a lot of review about the product, easy to use and to get use. I switch fromBlackBerry to Windows Phone. I highly recommend for the BlackBerry user.

I've had this phone for two years now, with Tmobile. I just came from a really small Blackberry so switching over was a very different experience. Instead of keys, I had a touch screen, large enough for me to read comfortably in, and finally the ability to use more apps! (Using apps on the small blackberry was pretty... difficult). I really enjoyed the phone for about a few months, and then I grew tired of it.Because Windows had just started up, there weren't many apps in the store for me to purchase that I could actually use, and the &#34;bulkiness&#34; of the phone began to irritate me. But to be honest, After sticking with this phone for two years and going, I've come to really appreciate this &#34;discontinued&#34;, &#34;out-dated&#34; Nokia model.Firstly, this is my first windows Nokia phone. I don't know about any of the other series, so I really can't compare them for you, but I do know that I am incredibly grateful for how sturdy this phone. Two years, and all I have is a minor crack on the front screen from dropping the phone on it's touch-screen face to the concrete floor. Once, out of the many, many, many times I've dropped this phone -- and I only got one irrelevant crack. Mind you, this is a decently sized crack -- but I'm also saying that the damage could've been much much worse had it been a more fragile of a phone build. In this way, the fact that it's a little &#34;bulky&#34; is a little good.Because you can switch out the shells on the back of the phone, you can always replace your old dirty scratched up one for a new one, and they aren't that expensive -- incase you wanted to change the color, or if you simply wanted to replace it. The accessories aren't too expensive compared to that of many other updated smart phones because this one is discontinued. Thankfully I was able to buy a wireless charging shell for this phone while they were still available - for a very decent price. The product is good too [http://www.amazon.com/Nokia-Wireless-Charging-Shell-CC-3063/dp/B00AOU49SK/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid;=1405117706&sr;=8-2&keywords;=wireless+nokia+charger+shell].So, after two years of using this phone, this phone does glitch from time to time. There were moments when the texting kinda &#34;freezes&#34; up on the phone, and you have to go back to the main menu, reclick the tile to text, and hope the phone gets over its own glitch. It's pretty minor, in my opinion, and for me I was able to work past it so it wasn't a big deal. You get to add a SD card for more space, so by just popping a 16GB or 32GB baby in there, you can have quite a bit of luxurious space to stock up on photos, music, the like. Camera-wise, there are a lot of phones with a better camera quality than this one now, but I'm still content with it. No one looks awfully discolored or anything like that.In terms of apps NOW, Windows has been working very efficiently to get the hottest apps available first, such as Wellsfargo (banking), Facebook, Twitter, all that social media, Evernote, Amazon, etc etc. Before I was a little irked at the lack in apps, and certainly it is still lacking in apps compared to the larger competitors out there (Apple and Android), but I don't think this will be as big of an issue in the future when Windows further close this gap too. Honestly I don't mind the lack of apps anymore either. There's less clutter and distraction when I do use my phone, and because of that the battery life sticks out with me.By the way, I really enjoy the battery life on this thing. You can literally go full day on a full battery, which is pretty sweet. It also has a &#34;Battery Saving&#34; mode you can activate in settings, which will really really help someone out if they wanted to be more efficient in battery use.Ultimately, it depends on what exactly you're wanting in a phone, so maybe my review might not answer what you necessarily want. Either way, I know I initially didn't really think too much of this phone - I really didn't, but I'm enjoying it more and more, and really hoping to see just how long this sturdy brick can last with me before I absolutely have to switch to another phone, or replace it, etc. Thanks for reading(:

I have only had it a few days.  I just have to admit,for a product that has been out for some time, this is still very nice modern phone.  Pictures are great. bluetooth works great, sound quality is excellent!I have been using a Samsung Galaxy and this is definetely faster on the basic features.  INternet browser and Youtube work much more seamlessly.Will continue evaluating and provide updates at a later time.  But for now, very good phone and interface.

We went with this year old model to save some cash.  We are both very happy with its flexibility, ease of use, camera and battery life.  We both went from Android to Windows--the transition was not difficult.

I love that this phone is just as nice as the other windows phones out there. It is fast and customizable. The pictures are very clear and high definition. I like that it is not too bulky either. The only thing like others have said is that the apps for windows are limited. Otherwise love it. Great price!

I purchased the 810 through T-MOB April 2013,recently discovered this particular model is now deemed EOL(END OF LIFE) status.This means NO Lumia Black update available and more than likely no windows 8.1 upgrade,limited to 4G NO LTE,N0 wifi calling built in.In short,this phone has been put out to pasture. I just upgraded to the Lumia 925 which I found online for 240.00(new,from an amazon competitor!), about half off the listed price and couldn't be happier!Due to the roll out of the Black update it has so many cool features that the 810 lacked.

Who wants to be different?  This was the perfect device to choose.  Great operating system, large screen, loud speakers, excellent screen resolution and incredible camera. Battery life is decent, my only wish is for this model to be reissued. 2 camera's,  plenty of apps, budget pricing---lot's of potential.

So i just received it today and i'm quite impress. I couldn't find a single scratch on the device plus it came a day earlier than expected. As of right now i'm very happy with what i received.

The touch on it is good, sucks that there aren't that many apps for windows phones. But other than that it is great.

Fantastic phone! I have no idea why Nokia took hem out of production. It fits comfortably in my hand and the processor is incredibly fast so there is no lag. It's a great phone. The only downside is the lack of internal memory so just buy a reasonably large micro SD card with it. Micro SD cards are cheap, so it's no big deal.

So far so good. Was new and works well with T mobile. Definitely going with the windows theme. Easy to use for anyone.

I like the phone a lot. This phone will not update past amber, i.e. No black.  In other words, dead as XP. Would give it 4 stars otherwise.Post Review Update: After comments to this review, I must add that the update is fairly easy although possibly warranty voiding.

Awesome phone for less than two hundred. Design is just amazing on my Nokia phone.There's nothing is want different on this phone.

I will say that if they put on their description that it does not support what's and viber, it will save them from having people returning items all the time. If you are looking for a phone that support as much app as posible I will not recommend. Keep scrolling down.

Great phone. The screen is nice and vibrant; perfect for watching movies on the go. Its a lot thinner to the touch then it appears in the pictures. I got it for about $220 and feel that it was worth every penny.

Windows 8-phone OS is a failure. Not good for business use. Too bad as Windows 6.5 was just like a mini computer with folders and everything. Windows-8 phone has no customization whatsoever. No option for calendar events to notify more than once!!! Really??? So if you are not in the room when your outlook calendar event sounds, it will NOT sound again in 5-min like older OS. You then miss your appointment! Bad OS for business use.

The phone is great for the price I paid for it, but Windows Phone is still lacking in many basic features.  Windows Phone itself is fast and all the functions included like SMS, Emailing, Web Browsing, and the Camera are great.  Going from screen to screen and app to app is fast and fluid, and Nokia's software suite such as Here Maps and Drive and the Nokia Camera software are top notch.  However, several apps that I use daily are not available on Windows Phone yet and the notification system is severely lacking compared to other smartphones.  I'm hanging on to this phone in hopes that Microsoft does introduce a better notification manager in Windows Phone 8.1, which is being rumored.  Overall, it's a nice phone for the price and does a lot of things well, but the notification system and lack of common apps made me go back to a different smartphone.

I have had this phone for 2 years.  It works perfectly Microsoft Office 365 or Outlook.com.  It is a GSM phone so it works world wide.There are many detailed comments about the 810 posted here so I won't repeat them.  It is true, this is a truly great phone.The only problem with this phone was resolved recently.  For an unexplained reason, T Mobile abruptly stopped supporting this phone.  No more OS updates.  Until now.Recently, Microsoft released WP8.1 and you can easily go around T MO and put it and ALL subsequent upgrades on this phone.  I did it and it was easy.  WP8.1 is terrific and keeps this phone state of the art.Buy this phone and add WP8.1, this is the hot setup.  You will be happy you did.

Bought 810 at the amazing 199 bucks without tax, I relly luv it in comparing my low-speed, tiny-screene and fragile iphone 4s(sorry Apple). Sad to hear that Nokia smartphone department will no longer exist, I think Lumia line will be shine in the future, but as you know,,,810 is especially perfect as your second phone used together with the current one, it has averaged profile but solid look, EXTREMLY easy to use by its fast respond rate. Other than those pros, let me roughly list its cons.- just acceptable screen resolution.- you might encounter some wifi connection probs.- not-so-good camera image result.- a little bit way bricky for some women and small-hands.- 8GB just way too unpractical when installing growing numbers of apps.- 3 days to get familiar with this os is needed.However, when everything comes to its price, thats fairly OKAY if ur not so picky.To wrap up, decent phone and good job t-mobile!!! :V

So far this has been the best phone I have ever bought. I had the Iphone 3G that I could not update and so I pretty much only used it to text and call.  After purchasing this phone I saw everything that I had been missing on by holding on to an old phone for so long. I saw what phones are capable of these days. I had my eye on Android but I find the OS a little cluttered. Plus my Nook tablet is running Android and it is nothing special, so I gave the Windows OS a try and it is the smoothest OS I have used.This Windows phone really gives you a bang for your buck. The camera quality is excellent. I am the type of student who likes to make copies of other people's notes and I must say that when I take pictures of the document, I can see every detail written on the page. It is crisp, clear, and very readable. I no longer have to bring yet another device with me to do a simple task. Years ago, I would take my digital camera, a phone, a tape recorder, an ipod, and a watch with me, but now, in 2013, the only thing I need is this phone. The mp3/mp4 player is excellent. Your music is nicely organized, which can be  loaded through a MicroSD card.  The application selection available through the Microsoft store is satisfactory. I have found an app. for every task that I need them for. Of course, the selection isn't as broad as that of the Itunes store but really, who needs that many? This phone also has a great GPS that has directed me to places I would never had visited otherwise. Another function that I like is the capability of sharing your internet. I am sharing my internet to write this  review on my tablet. The battery life is very good as well. To make it short, a pretty good phone with a nice OS, a great display, and excellent features.

well having this phone for over a week now......i'll have to say, it is a very competent and reliable phone.  some people diss the battery life, but you have to know how to treat lion batteries.  better to have another phone in service and let this battery discharge two or three times to nothing.....then charge fully and you will see a significant improvement in battery life......call quality is excellent.  the tmobile 4g is blazing fast .....clarity, no static, loud and clear speakers,  excellent speakerphone....gps with nokia here apps are excellent......camera is first rate with the carl ziess lens.......hety , but I have big hands and appreciate this....addition of a case may render this a little clunky for small hands, but what you see is what you get.....and it will take a 64gb sdxc card ....format it to 59.xxxgigs....don't hesitate on this phone,  it is a keeper.  and the vender ecellular is quite a vender....my used phone , which was pristeen  arrived three days in advance of projected del time. hoe this helps

Great Windows Phone 8 device.I'm a fan of the Windows Phone OS, and this is a very capable device for &#62;$200 with no contract.  The squared feel is very comfortable in the hand.

I have this phone with a mobile prepaid $30 plan and I feel like I have the best deal ever. This phone is amazing. So simple and easy to use. Its beautiful, fast. Just great. I like it better than android and iPhone. Don't know why its not more popular. I feel like I have a gem. A hidden secret lol I recommend it to everyone I know. 3 people are buying one this week that I've recommended this to and shown mine off to. I love the fact that I get system updates (like an iPhone) which means my phone lasts way longer and keeps up with the newest apps and stuff. 5 stars, 2 thumbs up. Get this phone, u wont regret it!

Was great everything was fast and clear hd display can no longer be updated because tmobile has stopped supporting the phone

This phone has a bunch of software bugs - even in the newest software released a few months ago.The proximity sensor broke so it no longer locks the screen while in a call - often disconnects or redials during call.  Not sure if that's a hardware problem or software bug.The pictures / music often shows the same picture two or more times in the preview screen and sometimes loses pictures from the SD card.  Reception is so poor our company had to buy T-Mobile signal boosters so people with these phones could receive calls in the office.I'd recommend staying away from Nokia and Microsoft based on these experiences.

My husband bought this phone since he was so tired of his samsung... He just loves all the features, the cellphone is so fast. It took him some time to figure out that it was connected to the hotmail account and that he needed to reactive it in order to have all of his info into the device...but overall he really likes his new toy

the item was on good condition but there was only one problem the message did not arrive at time, some time they arrive after 2 or 3 days and I was having problems with that that is why I returned it, but the seller was nice at the beginning  but when I told him about that was going to returned he began to said that the cell phone was on good condition and that there was any problem with it and that had a little scratch on the bottom and that scratch already was when I took it, so I am very disappointed with the service that the seller gave it to me because after all he said that he was not going to give me my all money back and 30% it was going to reduce of the original price, so I receive less amount, this never had have happen.SincerelyThank you

I like this phone I would love it if it didn't freeze and restart multiple times a day. hasn't happened during a call but any other time I'm using an app.

Not a scratch on it, comes with a basic charger, and turns on just fine, ill be taking it to the store tomorrow to get service and a micro sim card as it did not come with one (5$) and the phone its self has a great camera, a front facing cam, great oled screen, you can use touch with gloves on. The Nokia apps are worth buying this phone alone. I hope it lasts a long time as I love this phone!!!

I bought this cell phone for my wife. After three weeks the cell phone would freeze making it imposible to receive or make phone calls. My wife had to constantly take the battery off and on every time the phone would freeze. We thought it was just a temporary problem but after a month of usage it randomlly got  to moving gears on the screen. The phone doesn't work anymore and its to late to return it.This is a low quality cell phone. DONT BUY IT!!!!

This is an excellent phone.  Nokia Windows phones are outstanding.  It's really too bad this model was discontinued.  I bought two, they arrived quickly, well packaged. Will buy from this vendor again.Buyer beware- T-Mobile support for this phone is hit or miss. wi-fi calling is not supported and some frustration about 3rd generation software update. See their forum.

This was a waste of money.  This phone is very clumsy to navigate..apps  and icons are ugly. This phone lacks personality....

I have been using the Nokia Lumia 710 for 2 years until the phone stopped charging. I LOVED my 710, but  was forced to buy a new phone. The 710 used Window 7. I have a window 8 laptop and I love it so I thought time to upgrade to a Nokia Lumia Window 8 phone, so I chose the 810. Do not regret my decision.Like =  I thought my Nokia Lumia 710 camera were good, but the 810 is even better. I love the fact the product is light. Bigger screen, the sensitive touch screen. I enjoy the auto updates of my tiles for Facebook and emails (you can change the setting if you do not want auto update to save battery). Battery life on this phone is way better than on the 710. The noise quality is good and the volume is pretty loud. Video quality is good.  oooh and it can charge wireless but you do need to buy the separate wireless charger.dislike - if  charging the phone wirelessly not all cases work for wireless charging. Make sure you buy the right case for wireless charging.

I even bought this phone used and I am in live with it. It does everything I want it more.

This Microsoft OS telephone, is my first experience with an OS other than Symbian.  In general, the Lumia is a slightly faster telephone than my Nokia 808 Pureview and it also has a bigger and sharper screen.  The Lumia also had a few more apps than the 808, but I have not found any that I need, that do not have their equivalent in Symbian.  This Lumia telephone certainly does the job, make calls, record, take pictures, etc. fairly well and effectively.  The four stars represent my evaluation of the telephone when compared to my 808, which although not perfect, still has a better camera.  Pity Nokia has discontinued support for Symbian.  I have no experience with Android or Apple OSs.

My first smartphone. It's great, but doesn't look like Nokia's going to support it with updated firmware. Too bad because it's a wonderful phone. The camera is quite good.

Work frist time after sim card was put in, strong sig. Even in back woods with tmoblie.  Better than the iphone

Met all my expectations and then some.  I wanted the windows 8 program and this fit the bill.  It is easy to use and suits my needs without spending the bigger bucks.

This phone looks good, works smoothly. It's easy to use, battery life is good. Internal memory could have been more, but supports micro SD card.

The phone is pretty good, no problems with it during the first/second day. Daily use of it to test it, audio seems iffy when playing videos. It could be the video as I have only played 2 videos on it. Phone call audio is good, so it isn't the speaker. I'm loving it so far! Would definitely recommend the phone to others. Buying a case today, I would definitely recommend this one (if it is as explained, because all others are not worth the value)B00AJZZJ2K

I purchased this as a Christmas gift for my wife. I was disappointed when I received the package because the vendor did not send it in the original box. It was ordered as a new unit and pictured in the original package. I decided to keep it since it was close to Christmas. So far the phone is working OK and is an upgrade to my wife's old windows phone.

I have to say there is a learning curve between the two operating systems but that is a bigger issue than the phone its self.  The 810 has struck me with the great battery life it has i can go the entire day without charging.  I used to have to make sure when I am in the office to plug in my HTC or by the end of the day it will be dead not with the Nokia i can go a full 24 hours before the battery is almost dead.  I will also say the color of the screen is vibrant and clear I have watched video on this phone one thing I never did with my thunderbolt before the refresh rate must be higher and it shows.  I am very happy with the quality and the features of this phone.

Overall it is a nice phone. A few quirks were that google couldn't sync my contacts so I had to take it to t-mobile and have them pull my contacts off my old phone. Also you WILL have to create an outlook account to get the phone to work. Do that FIRST before trying to set the phone up. I wanted to throw it through a window when I first got it now I like it. Since it is a window's phone some apps you can't get and some apps don't sync like candy crush :(The battery life is ok... Keep a charger close by. It takes nice photos and having microsoft office products available is nice. Once you get used to using an windows phone vs an android it's ok.

Giving this 4 starts because the phone and seller were nice and quick.  The issue was with the operating system, which is horrible.No problem at all with the quality of the product and seller, this return was 100% because of Microsoft's crappy tiles OS.

This is my first smart phone and I love it. It is so easy to use. Settings are a breeze because there are short explanations about the choices you have. In my opinion this OS defines &#34;user friendly&#34;. Very nicely designed. The home screen is completely customizable. So its all the things you access most and with a swipe you find the complete menu. The look of the phone itself is sleek and understated with a nice quality feel. So far (two weeks) I'm completely satisfied and would highly recommend this device.

I love this new phone. It is larger than most cells. It makes reading and texting easier than the tiny phones. It arrived fast and in excellent condition.

My wonderful dinosaur Nokia that I had been using since 2008 finally died. To be caught up with technology, I decided I would get a Smartphone. This is a gorgeous phone, and everything feels at my fingertips: email, important dates, websites that I use a lot. I love the to-do-list, the photo tile that rolls my personal pictures on the screen, and the easy texting. Texting is so much quicker and actually enjoyable! So glad I waited long enough for Nokia to create this awesome Smartphone instead of getting one years ago. Thank you Nokia!
