
good product arrived in perfect condition without problems, came on time and very puntualida recommend is a good cell nothing to envy to the other

the product was good it was not that wine without micro sd memory, but otherwise very good. thank you very much

Excelent

A great phone, easy to use, really good camera, nice sound, even with headphones.Multiple apps available, to play and or organize schedules, events or such.

Awesome battery life is great just doesnt light up when fully charged great phone feel good in hand real deal

He loves this phone and now wonders what he did before he has this phone. The battery may run down a little quickly but other than that he really loves it.

Perfect size, the camera is good, the device is fast and works great in Venezuela. Just a word can be said, excellent!!!

It Is such complete confortable and gently phone. I surprised with the identification of places from pictures that I stored

I like it so much, the weight, the size, the applications, I am more than happy with the phone. thanks

Product damaged, I had no good experience with this problem unfortunately. cell is unusable..disappointed with cell since this corrupt and will not startbad experience

This is a good buy.  I use a pay-as-you go plan and it works very well.  It is very convenient and it fits all my needs.  I have not fully explored it but so far so good.  Big cell phone companies try to block people from using pay-as-you go plan with smart phone.  When I tried to buy a sim from At&T retail store, I was told pay-as-you go sim won't work with my phone.  I found another company and they help me to set it up and now I enjoy 5c per minute.

Got it for my wife and she absolutely loves this phone. This is the ideal phone for the ladies, will blow them away

i bought the phone before a month and it just disappoint me a lot  !!!  first the battery life is less than a day for decent use, it has over heating problems that some times need to disconnect the battery to stop the heating, WiFi is just not functional ! its keep disconnecting , and when it works its so so slow .. the phone in general is slow .my previous phone Iphone 4s was much much better !

everything perfect

I was disappointed with this. The listing makes no mention of custom software or modifications, yet the phone was shipped with some kind of custom OS. I only became aware if this when signing up for automated firmware upgrades which was not allowed since the phone gave me an error saying updates could not be applied because &#34;your handset has been modified&#34; I was immediately alarmed and returned the handset for a refund.

The phone itself was in good condition but it wasn't for Version.

Got this for the boo, its light and works quiet nicely.  If you need a smartphone without all of the apps that will not be used anyway this is the phone.

The headline summarizes much of my thought: not a huge upgrade if you come from and S3 mini (GT-I8190). The screen is brighter and clearer... however is narrower (you can notice when you read your emails or the news). Faster than the S3? just a little! Battery life? almost the same: it should be recharged night after night. What I do liked most: the beautiful and stylized design and user interface as well as the WatchON App wich allows me to even use the phone as a remote for my TV and the DirectTV receiver and saves me much of the zapping :)-----Espa&ntilde;ol----El t&iacute;tulo resume gran parte de mi pensamiento: no es una gran mejora si vienes y S3 mini (GT-I8190). La pantalla es brillante y m&aacute;s clara ... sin embargo es m&aacute;s estrecha (se puede notar cuando usted lees tu correo electr&oacute;nico o las noticias). M&aacute;s r&aacute;pido que el S3?... s&oacute;lo un poco! Duraci&oacute;n de la bater&iacute;a?... casi la misma: se debe recargar noche tras noche. Lo que m&aacute;s me gust&oacute;: el hermoso y estilizado dise&ntilde;o y la interfaz de usuario, as&iacute; como la app WatchON App me permite incluso utilizar el tel&eacute;fono como un control remoto para el televisor y el receptor de DirectTV y me ahorra mucho del zapping :)

It is an excellent brand, the cell will meet all expectations I had.I love the style.The product is great.

I gave an extra star because I like the color purple. On the second night after receiving it, it overheated while charging. I mean, blisteringly hot. After unplugging it and putting it under the fan, there seemed to be no damage, but since then it's been freezing in the middle of doing ordinary things, and yesterday, Day 4 of having the phone, it froze completely, then restarted itself. Since I got a new phone to avoid these issues on my older samsung phone, it seemed like a waste of time to put up with these issues from week 1. So, I'm returning this phone. If this happens to the next Samsung I get, I'm switching to another OS.

Great product it works perfect everything I expected and more. Would buy any product from this sell I love the phone!

I have been using the phone during 2 weeks, and so far it has been amazing. I am satisfied with my phone.

I am facing some hardware problem. This mobile getting restarted every day, has no specific time. I am not satisfied with product. May be this product has some manufacturing defect.

I chose this phone mainly because of it's size. I wanted a performance upgrade from my HTC Nexus One, but not with the big S3, S4, Nexus 4 or Samsung Nexus. The S4 mini offers a great CPU, internal storage (expandable with SD card) and camera (with impressive HDR and panoramic results). And, what's best, it fits perfectly in one hand! The Samsung apps haven't been too useful, but they can be turned off.

Reached in time and is working well. I am quite happy with the performance of the product. It reached in good condition.

reached in expected time range and in good packaging...I like this phone clearity...this phone fucntions are lot better than my last phone htc evo and its lot faster.....no dout its unlocked international version. it started working as soon as I inserted my indian sim..overall good phone

Excelente

the phone is very good, it's fast, it works fine and have had no problem in its functioning! great great!

Good phone !

New product package. It came without problemas.El purchased exact color. Recommended seller. Very good smartphone. Large screen size despite being mini version

Product as expected from a world leader in smart phones as well as in many other fine products from Samsung

Excellent mobile computer, it works perfectly with Movistar Venezuela. a great team 100% recommended, super fast, really fantastic, perfect size and design. ultimately the best.

If  the phone have something bad you don't have warranty , mine sometimes restarts randomly  . And there have some other problems

I bought this to use with a U.S. pay-as-you-go carrier that I won't name here, but I've been happy with them. And I'm very happy with this phone. It's important to keep in mind that this is a scaled-down version of the S4. It's smaller in size, which makes it a lot easier to get out of my pocket; I'm not going to be watching Avatar on a cell phone. But it's got a lighter-weight processor than the S4, so it's scaled down on some of the features, too. Things like being able to make gestures without having to touch the phone - after you make your friends say gee whiz once, who cares? Less bloatware means the S4 Mini performs quickly with the processor that it has, and the battery lasts all day for me, too (though like I said, I'm not streaming movies). What I do miss, though, is no notification light after you get a text, email, missed call, etc. Also, its on-board memory is a skimpy 8 GB, and the system is going to use about 3 GB of that, so you definitely want to buy a high-speed micro SD card to expand your memory - especially if you want to listen to music, take a lot of photos and videos, etc. It will handle up to a 64 GB card; I got an inexpensive Class 10 32 GB here on Amazon. As an earlier reviewer mentioned, I can't get the "I'm looking at you, phone, so don't turn off the screen" feature to work either. But considering you're paying far less than you would for a grown up S4, or for an iPhone, the S4 Mini is a great bargain. Also, this is the 3G single-SIM version - know what you're buying before you blame someone else for you buying the wrong model.

Another article without qualify, is the second submission that not yet delivery parcel service almost a month ago that declare it at customs and still do not leave, i hope does not happen the same as with the previous equipment

good phone, but the price down very fast, i think i lost my money buying this phone too soon, i must wait until the price was down only for a 5 months

An excellent product of samsung, I do not have to say the great thing is that phone gracias samsung. Tiene

S4 Mini is a great cellphone, it has one of the latest Android and the screen looks really fine and clear. the cellphone is fast, has a dual core and 1.5 memory ram. i recomended it.

I order and got this phone on time it works very good no problem what so ever looking to get the upgrade

Got it new in the box for a fair price. It's very fast and versatile, great camera, looks awesome, and is easy enough to use. Only problem is the storage space (8 gb) which is good for normal users, but not enough for people who have lots of music and different apps (like me). I had to buy a 4 gb external memory card and now I'm very satisfied.

maravilloso

Good smartphone, does all the basics, however I find that the RAM isn't enough; most times it's almost at capacity when I'm running more than 2 apps.

Got this phone as a Christmas present from my husband. The phone is gorgeous physically! It is a Samsung, so the features are excellent. It was shipped fast, and it also came with a green Samsung flap case (didn't match the phone at all but a great addition)....

the cell phone s4 mini is very very good

The form factor is excellent.  Larger phones are an ergonomic disaster and very uncomfortable to use.  This becomes obvious once you try a phone like the S4 mini.  The cheap plastic backs of Samsung phones makes them more drop proof and the screen resolution and camera performance was adequate for me compared to the Nexus 4.  The problem with this phone are the many software bugs and the hit or miss screen responsiveness and after a couple of months it gets to be very annoying.  The cursor jumps around far from the point of contact on the screen when typing.  The desktop screen widgets sometimes blink annoyingly.  Google voice functions never work when the bluetooth is connected - you hit the mic icon, music is paused and then the phone recognizes nothing.  Google voice functions with the bluetooth off are better but not nearly as smooth and reliable as on the nexus 4.  Bluetooth transfers to my laptop rarely work and never work with any speed even though every other phone I had worked well with my laptop's bluetooth.  Finally every single Samsung branded application is a nuisance and a failed attempt to get users to sign up to yet another service/digital content provider to buy media and apps - stupid.  I will probably be replacing this with a Nexus 5 now that it has an acceptable 32gb of storage.  Is is much larger and less comfortable but I will probably end up breaking the S4 mini for being so aggravating to use.

good afternoon, the day November 3, 2013, purchase a samsung mini galaxi s4 ORDER # 112-0562910-7792219, which was a Samsung Galaxy Mini GT-I9190 S4 Unlocked International Version - Black where I do not get it purchases.I am writing to complain I get the GT-I9192 which that was not the who bid me, so do not trust in what they offer seller

I bought this phone at SHOPEBEST and I have no complaints. The shipping was at the agreed time, the product arrived in its factory sealed box. The charger configuration is for the Americas (no adapter required). And it works perfect for Movistar Venezuela.Le compr&eacute; este tel&eacute;fono a SHOPEBEST y no tengo ninguna queja.  El env&iacute;o fue en el tiempo acordado, el producto lleg&oacute; en su caja sellada de f&aacute;brica. La configuraci&oacute;n del cargador es para el continente americano (no es necesario un adaptador). Y funciona perfecto para Movistar Venezuela.

The best smartphone ever

omg waiting for this too

The smartphone is amazing , the only negative point falls over the volume of the auricular. The sound is low, and because that, the calls have become in a trouble, somehow...

I also have the Galaxy S4, and although of course it has less features it responds very well and applications run smoothly. It's also smaller than S4 which is a requirement that I had when buying it. Very good phone.

Love this phone.Has all I need and more for a good price. Camera is also excelent. Very good purchase

Happy with the product, I loved my phone fascinates me, what was expected, recommend you to my friends and family. Thank you

it is perfect, just like the picture shows, has no fail and battery works properly, it is just awesome, only that

Excellent mobile computer, it works perfectly with Digitel Venezuela. a great team 100% recommended, super fast, really fantastic, perfect size and design. ultimately the best

The perfect combination of design and performance. Excellent phone ... Friendly and adapts to any person!! Be sure to buy it

Ok...so I got this S4MINI phone because I didn't particularly like how huge the S4 was. With the misguided hope that, apart from a tolerable downgrade in the hardware specifications and a minor reduction in the plethora of software features, it'd be pretty much the same user experience. It wasn't....well at least not quite. A few of what I've heard people term as the "gimmicky" features made it's way to this tiny twin, for example, smart stay (which is the only feature I found that doesn't work all the time for me...or at least not the way I expect it to, i.e., my eyes are open, I'm staring at the screen reading an article or something so the screen won't time out...but it still does sometimes), there's the IR sensor/blaster coupled with the watchOn app that controls almost any smart TV and cable set top box (I found this pretty useful - very easy and simple to set up and functions how it should - it integrates with the calender so you can set reminders for your shows from within the app). There's also the floating video or picture in picture "gimmick" (this only seems to work with videos played by the native video player, so some fb videos, recorded videos, etc., will able to be played like this, but not youtube videos - from my experience at least). A few camera modes that I was soo looking forward to were also disappointingly not included, such as drama shot, eraser and animated photo; you can't take a pic of yourself while taking a regular pic either [insert sad face here]. The display is bright and has good visibility in direct sunlight. It has very rich colours, which is noticeable in (properly lit, focused) photos as well. There are slight pre-programmed adjustments you can make to this feature. The anti-shake camera feature does nothing for me, pics still looked shaken. Air gestures are also not present (at least this one I knew before purchasing), so no hovering your finger above the screen for magnification of text or pics and no waving the hand to scroll pages. There is no LED light to indicate missed events; which might not be SUCH a bad thing considering that they've instead included a feature to notify you of missed events when you pick up the phone from a rested state - the phone gives a single quick vibration. This, however, seems to only work for sms messages and missed calls; no other social application's missed event is recognized...not even an email. This, in my opinion, is a fail for two reasons, 1. because of  the foregoing statement and 2. the vibrations cannot be customized as how the LED notification colours could be specified for different apps. A better alternative to a LED notification light could have been what the LG G2 or Motorola X does for missed events notifications...but now I'm just ranting.Overall it's a pretty good phone, I like it. It looks neat and simple with a band of aluminum around the edges, fits snug in the average sized hand, and I prefer this S4 shape to the shape of the S3. Simply put, it's a smaller version of the S4, with noticeably less software features and lower hardware specs., but looks, feels, performs well enough and carries over enough "gimmicky" features from the S4 for you to be satisfied... with what you can afford to purchase ;)

BUY THIS PHONE WAS IN FEBRUARY AND MAY YOU started using TODAY MORNING SCREEN UNFORTUNATELY NOT REVEAL ANY REASON IF ILLUMINATE THE SCREEN BURN WITH ONLY TWO MONTHS OF USE, DO NOT RECOMMEND

I really love the functionality and capability of this phone. My phone has made my job much easier to maintain as opposed to having my laptop with me constantly. The ONLY complaint that I have regarding this phone is that the screen and casing are not very durable and suseptable to scratches and dents. I have had my phone 14 days, keep it and my iphone in my pocket or purse, and the Samsung is really scratched up and my iphone still appears brand new.

excelente

Great! original phone! thanks

perfect size very powefull lots of memory well built and incredible good pice. best relation price/value and very good brand. want more ?

Works absolutely great!!! Thank you so much!as fg hj kl zx cv bn as df gh df ty ui

I used to have the duos version but dumped it because of a wifi issue it had. I bought this one instead and the wifi issue isn't present! Perfect phone! I took one star because it doesn't have led notification light and there's no excuse for this in this day and age.Please AVOID SELLER SHOPEBEST. The phone they sent me has a stuck pixel to the right side of the screen which flashes red from time to time (and sometimes just stays there, as a red dot). They knew about this and still sent it to me, how do I know? Because they had turned on the phone before, android didn't even ask me to set up my google account, something it always does when first turning on a factory reset phone, that's because they had already turned it on and installed some Region Code Lock away app or something like that. It's good that they took the time to do it if they at least informed me beforehand but this phone is supposed to be UNLOCKED from factory. If they didn't install this then it was the person they sold this to (and returned) before me.. and they didn't even had the decency of factory resetting it. Also, this page is for the galaxy s4 mini BLACK not BLACK MIST, the one they ultimately sent me. Luckily I also like that color but they shouldn't send something different than the one the page advertises.I had to go overseas right after getting the phone so I'm unable to return it (I also can overlook most of this, even the stuck pixel issue, which I think can fade over time) but beware of this SHOPEBEST SELLER since it is full of crap.UPDATE 05/25/2014For custom roms users: for me the battery life is way worse with cyanogenmod. I have always used custom roms in my previous phones but mostly based on touchwiz. This phone is the first one where I have used cyanogenmod intensively and while I love all the power user options of the rom I was extremely disappointed with the battery life. I just could not make it through the day without having to recharge it at work and I HATE to charge twice a day, it also isn't very good for the battery's health over the long term. Also, the battery life indicator was incredibly unreliable once you reached under 20% levels. You could have 15% battery life (on stock the phone can make it home safely with that) left and after ten minutes the phone will be at 4% and turning off. I was left out hanging because of this more than once and when I needed the phone the most (as I was just going home from work). That was using default cyanogenmod settings of course (default scheduler and governor, no overclock or undervolted, etc) but most of the fancy stuff disabled (location, gps, data sync, nfc, etc) the same way I have it with touchwiz. In fairness some people on XDA forums seem to get good battery life out of this phone on cm but I don't know what kind of customizations they have used (most undervolt) or how they use the phone I'm just talking of my experience here. Me? I happen to like touchwiz, a lot actually, always have. I specially like how it looks (I don't know what all the hate is about). I even used a touchwiz theme on cm (it never looked quite as good as touchwiz though but that is expected). About the cm power options I miss? I can have them using the Xposed framework with the touchwiz-specific Wanam Exposed module (make sure you know what you're doing before meddling with it, but is mostly safe, needs root). I had never used the Xposed framework before and IT IS AMAZING. Glad I found it since I now have alternatives in case I don't find good custom roms (for this phone they're all mostly cyanogenmod-based). I hope this helps. PS: I initially posted this on my 9195 review since that is the model I own now but it applies to the 9190 too, since I have used cyanogenmod with both.

I bought this for my dad and when I saw it I wanted to give him my S3. This is truly just a smaller S4 it's not like the S3 mini that doesn't offer all the features of the bigger S3.

excelent

This is the BLACK EDITION it LOOKS AMAZING on the back!!!I'm so happy with this one i choose!!

exclente

The item came on time, but I haven't had at home yet. So I must wait until next Monday to give a better review of the mobile. I guess It would be a nice experience with all the apps and updates this device has.

Good phone

When I got this phone five months ago I truly loved but now the motherboard has gone bad. I am upset because I spent over U.S $400.00. I have to revert to a regular cell phone. I took care of the phone and I cant return it has malfunctioned... I got a bad deal with this phone

It is an excellent phone so fast. The size is perfect to my pocket. It is seldom slow but is due to the lots of aplications

Excellente product and cuality, I'm really glad to have received on time.

I would say that i received this package in great condition, the phone works well, it is suited to the needs to the person and recommend it to anyone.

I bought this phone for my sister that lives overseas. She has been testing all the different applications and all work perfectly. We added at 32GB MicroSD and now she can have everything she wanted in her phone. She loves it. Great purchase.

Exellent

Excellent mobile computer, it works perfectly with Movistar Venezuela. a great team 100% recommended, super fast, really fantastic, perfect size and design. ultimately the best.

its great just what i wanted.the phone came brand new as i requested and packaging was really great.I love my new phone

They delivered what it was expected. An up and running Samsung S4mini.Great phone! Truly recommended, light and full android environment

I am really having fun with my new phone. It works just perfect with Movistar in Venezuela, I recommend it fully.

What does this phone comes with? Is it new? Does this use a sim card? How long will it take to ship too Florida?

Would recommend this phone to anyone around the world. However, was a bit flustered at the beginning when the phone came in spanish and I had so hard to translate to figure out how to change the phone's language settings. Other than that excellent phone for anyone.

Excellent mobile computer, it works perfectly with Movistar Venezuela. a great team 100% recommended

I upgraded to this phone from a Huaweii U8800. The difference between the two is like night and day. Obviously like comparing apples and oranges since the U8800 is much older technology and the S4 Mini uses Android 4.2.2 vs 2.2.The camera is incredible for a phone camera. Images are sharp and colors are true. It has a rapid fire feature that makes it even nicer. I did have to contact my carrier, Consumer Cellular, in order to get MMS working properly and sending pix messages. But the tech was extremely helpful, knowledgeable, and courteous. She walked me through the steps to set up an APN and I tested it by sending several pix to a couple of people.I haven't rooted it yet and might not. As of yet I've not found a reason to do so.The slim design is much easier to handle and it weighs next to nothing. I have no trouble using the touch display and it is just the right size.I haven't yet found any cons to this phone. But time will tell.Highly recommended.

The i9190 supposed to have two sims...this phone does not have 2 sims...must be some other model.... We decided to keep it though for its great resolution but disappointed same as with most phones now.....You have a great phone till 3pm....

I love this phone. It has so many great features: the camera is awesome, the graphics are perfect, it is also fast. It is a perfect phone. I'm using it in Ecuador with Movistar and it works perfectly. If you have doubts about it, forget about them. This is the right choice!

Very nice cellphone, my wife is so happy with it..she say it has just what she wants. She loves it.

Excelent

Ok for a phone. Had it for about a month. Dropped it from about 3 feet onto the ground (fell out of my pocket) and the screen completely died, even with a screen protector.

great phone simple powerfull and faster i recommend for all people i use this in venezuela and nice for that

A mega price for a bad quality phone. The product come with non-English instructions. The phone always give me a message (android.process.media). Moreover, after a short time the phone does not charge, no charging indicator!

SP:+ Es exactamente lo que se muestra en la imagen. Gran equipo. Funciona muy bien con Movistar Venezuela. R&aacute;pido y con buena capacidad de memoria.- A&uacute;n no he encontrado alguna caracter&iacute;stica negativa.EN:+ Exactly as show on pictures. Great equipment. Works fine with Movistar Venezuela provider. Fast and good mamory capacity.- Still I have no negative comments about this equipment.

Excelente.

Good

One month with the cell and everything is good so far.... Totally recommended!!!!!!!!

Love my S4 mini the shipping time was great and the phone is what I wanted and ordered.

I'm happy with my phone.  It's wonderful

I bought 2 of this one for my dad and one for me. I bought them to use them in Quito-Ecuador. My dad use this phone for Claro and it works perfectly and I use it for Movistar. I am in love with this phone, it works great, I have not had any problem with the phone so far, is better than I expected and is worth the price. This is a great seller, and i would recommend this phone. Thanks!!

It generally works well...light weight and easy to use.  However, the phone's battery heats up sometimes and shuts the phone down, even though I charge and discharge it as instructed. It's a good phone.

I got my S4 mini through my local carrier! This Galaxy is super fast, perfect size and it has an great screen! I definitively recommend this beautiful phone.

The battery is always overheated..its works ok .. but is always overheated, and can not use longer time , i need put  in the car's airconditioning

What an amazing product! Thank you!! But I'm still not happy that much with Android, I thought it was better than the S3 but it's O.K!!

excelente good

Excelent! I bought it as a gift for my sister in Venezuela and she can't be more happy with this phone!!!

This is a great cell phone. I bought it to work with Claro in Ecuador and I had no problems at all. I recommend it!!

I'm in Jamaica and this phone works perfectly here. I've had it for a month and its been great so far. Very sleek design, perfect size and unique colour. I was pleasantly surprised at how big the screen is so its great for watching videos. Only problem i've had is that it gets really hot if i charge it while its  in the wallet case. The good thing is that if it gets too hot, the phone will detect the problem and automatically abort charging. I don't recommend charging it in wallet cases since the phone is unable to 'breathe'. Otherwise, this was a great buy.

very good product, recommended surely works perfectly, I have no complaints or the product or the seller. brought complete accessories all really very safe.

It is an exellent cellphone. Works very fast!! Everyday, I can find new surprises between installed and/or available apps! i LOVE IT

Everything is fine, the phone is excellent and arrived a time. Thank you.

For people looking for a small phone rather than a cheap phone, the Galaxy S4 Mini has most of what you can expect from the original S4, it just fits better in the pockets

It is a very nice cellphone, fast and easy to use. It's not heavy at all. I definitely recommend this phone.

excelent! i love it.excelent perfect sooo good !!!! samusng galaxy s4 the best cell phone  and works excelente love it

Great phone

Goood

This is one of the best phone never done. Is excelent. I recommend it. It is versatile you can do many things and the baterry stay wirh good charge status

within 17 hours of owning this device the screen had cracked in, be careful. they build these things to break and stick you with a fat deductible. Sprint does anyway, cant speak for other carriers.

The cell phone itself works great.  It is like having either the Samsung S4 (regular size) or Samsung Note but in a smaller version.  I totally recommended.  It is worth its price.The only complaint I have about the vendor is that they sent me two items instead of one.  I only ordered one cell phone and they sent me too.  Fortunately, I was able to keep the 2nd. phone, but I found out very disappointing that they charged my Credit Card twice without my consent.

Nice, recomended

samsung  phone that sold, stolen and you is not responsible,  your don't solved the problem,SCAMMER AND THIEF

I purchased this phone as a UNLOCKED phone, after trying to activate it found out that it is LOCKED in the middle east.  I have gone through hoops to get it unlocked.  World Wide will not take it back as I opened it.  How may I ask would you activate a phone without opening it?  How would you know that this phone was locked in another country without trying to activate it?  Amazon originally told me they had to honor the sellers &#34;no broken seal&#34; policy.  I now have someone from Amazon helping me resolve this issue.  I am praying that he will be able to either get me an UNLOCKED phone or my money back as $300.00 is a lot of money for a paper weight!

Excellent smartphone. I recommend it everyone, It have everything what I wont in a cell: velocity, apps, and nice pictures.

The product is very good because it has some great applications. is lightweight and has very good performance and excellent performance

Perfect size and excellent speed. It's really unlocked and perfectly works in Mexico with Telcel!!!
