
I'm a senior citizen and this is my first Smartphone. I was a little intimidated at first but it didn't take long for me to get comfortable with the technology. The phone works great and I highly recommend it.

I bought this as a gift for my bestfriend when her phone gave out and she absolutely loves it. Not too high priced for a good quality phone... even better, no  contract. SCORE!

As a novice, I find this phone fast, fun, and amazingly entertaining.  Very easy to navigate.  My husband and I compared the cost of owning Smartphones under the GoPhone plan vs the contract plan.  We found that  by going with  GoPhone  we could have everything we wanted or needed in a smartphone at a lower monthly rate.  No contract, no added fees and no hassle.  So glad  Samsung gave us the option of owning a great phone and ATT made it one of their GoPhone options.If I have one complaint it would be picture quality, Not the best, but not the worst I have ever had either.I would highly recommend this product to anyone who is looking for a starter Smartphone.

I am very pleased with this phone. I upgraded from the Avail, which had very low storage. I found thisphone very easy to set up and operate. It has a great front and back camera with a flash, which the Avail didn't have.

i have a friend that let me use his Samsung galaxy express and i found is a worth the money. i have the att fusion 2 and it used to be my favorite and best phone ever but after playing nfs most wanted I found i want this new phone! ignore the guy with the 1 star, he isn't even talking about this phone just some OLD software they this one doesn't have. here is a you-tube link to show gaming applicability.  http://youtu.be/IwlzjjrA_-s

This phone definitely does all that I wanted and more. Clear, sharp images and excellent sound quality are just the starters. I liked the phone so much that my husband also bought one just like it.

These GSM phones are a great buy and also work with the new AIO Wireless which is a division of AT&T.

I am glad I purchased this phone.  It does everything I need.  It was a brand new, out of the box AT&T Go phone and it  works great on Straight Talk.  I would recommend to others.

I first had the Virgin Mobile Optimus for about a year prior to deciding to get a phone and a service that actually.  Even though it's a little pricier I couldn't be happier with my decision.  The phone and the service are so much faster, clearer, and just all around better that I feel sick thinking about my old service and plan.  I have not had 1 dropped call in a year, my internet works all the time and is almost faster than my home one.  The phone is like having my laptop in my hand, it can use several apps at one time and not skip a beat.I'm telling you once you go Galaxy you won't go back.

This phone was purchased for a friend and I have used it as well.  It is a great little phone and I think I may purchase another for my grandson in the near future.  The price is right and it does everything you need a phone to do and more.  What's not to like?

I bought this phone to replace my broken s3 and couldn't be happier.  Call quality is as good and my apps all work just fine. Camera quality is ok at 5mp and the screen resolution is a little lower, but it's nothing to lose sleep over. I am very satisfied.

I love the phone. It came to my house in the expected two days. The price was great and I expect this phone to last a while.

Very happy with shipping and handling of product (everything was well protected for shipment, and the phone arrived precisely on schedule **on the earliest end of the predicted delivery dates**).Love the phone overall.. however there's two things that bother me:1. No sim card for the phone. I wouldn't be as upset if I knew going into it that I would be needing to purchase a replacement sim card. (I would suggest that you, the seller list that in the product description.)2. The cellphone has completely frozen once (where no function was responsive, and I had to manually power it off).Fortunately a restart (which was slow) got it back into function. Just worried that I will have future issues with this phone. :/

The phone is great, very fast, beautiful screen, the battery life is extraordinary. The phone is in very good condition, only has a roughness in the top right, maybe someone made &#8203;&#8203;to check the resistance of the glass.It would be great to put more detailed photos of the phones.El tel&eacute;fono es genial, muy r&aacute;pido, hermosa pantalla, la duraci&oacute;n de la bater&iacute;a es extraordinaria. El tel&eacute;fono esta en muy buenas condiciones, solo tiene una aspereza en la parte superior derecha, parece hecha con una lija, tal vez alguien la hizo para comprobar la resistencia del cristal.Seria excelente que pusieran fotos mas detalladas de los tel&eacute;fonos.

I have had this phone for about 7 weeks now and I love it. The pictures are sharp. The sound quality is good, and it's easy to navigate. Great phone for the price.

Easy to use, lightweight - would have given 5 stars, but it is just a tad slower than the newer smartphones.

Works well. Is fast when on the internet. I upgraded from an entry level smartphone. I am satisfied with the product.

Excellent phone for the money.Unless you use your phone like a PC, this phone is a great value compared to all others.I bought mine to use with my Gophone plan & could not be happier with it.No complaints here.

I really love this smartphone! This was an upgrade for me and it works just fine for my uses, the battery lasts most of the day. I haven't had any issues with this phone and would recommend it because of it's price and usability.

I bought this phone for my wife and she's using it with ATT prepaid plan.  At $200 for the phone (after $50 Amazon credit) and $30/month prepaid plan (she's not a heavy data user and tries to use Wifi wherever possible, so 50 MB/month was enough), it beats any plan out there and you still get ATT coverage instead of the so-so coverage offered by Sprint (and Boost, Virgin, Cricket, etc...) or T-Mobile.

I love this phone. Works perfect as a go phone, huge upgrade from previous go phones. And the best part is that I get 4G data

Ok, I will admit, Im really attached to my iphone 4. But, not enough to pay about 130 a month with taxes on a contract. I pay just 65 a month with at&t go phone plan with no contract. I wanted a good smart phone that could at least come somewhat close to the iphone. This one is even better!! Does everything my iphone does but with a much bigger screen, sharper colors, and way lighter and SO much cheaper. I have perfect reception and call quality.  Even while constantly on yahoo im, Facebook,  kik, email and netflix at night, the battery lasted a full 24 hours!! Dont waste your time and money for over priced contract phones.  You will NOT regret the switch with this phone! !

I am not electronically gifted but I do like this phone and over time expect to become adept at using it. It has so many wonderful features i.e., that you can text by talking. Never attempted texting before and this made it a  breeze.

I love this smartphone!!  It is a huge upgrade from my Samsung slider phone.  This phone takes nice pictures with or without  the flash, the virtual keyboard is easy to type on, the calls are crystal clear with no dropped calls, even on speakerphone, it is just the right size phone to fit in the palm of your hand.  I wanted this phone because their is no 2 year contract, you can transfer same number, you have the options to buy $50 unlimited plan or $60 unlimited plan with data each month, and with At&T, their is nationwide coverage.  The battery life lasts around 4 days before recharging.  I will keep this phone for a very long time, and continue to purchase as long as it is available through Amazon or A T&T.  Plus the price of this phone is a lot cheaper than many of the smartphones sold by other cell phone companies.

Several reviews I read before purchasing this phone indicated you could not set a different notification sound for e-mails and text messages.  I almost did not purchase this phone because of this supposed limitation.  I was very pleased to discover that you CAN set different tones for different events.  I have 2 e-mail addresses and I have set each of these to play a different sound when I receive an incoming email. (Tap E-mail Icon ---&#62; Tap Menu Button --&#62; Settings ----&#62; Tap the email account you wish to set the sound for ---&#62; Scroll to Select Ringtone ---&#62; Tap the Greater Than Sign ----&#62; Choose a ringtone)  I have another sound for text message alerts and another sound as my incoming phone call ringtone.I was able to find cases for this phone on amazon and ebay.  In addition to a case, I suggest the iVisor screen protector which applies to the screen easily and without any bubbles.  I suggest using the &#34;Navigation&#34; GPS app instead of AT&T;'s app (which comes at a cost if you want the turn-by-turn navigation to be read out loud while you are driving).  I am using this phone with the AT&T; Mobile Share plan, not as a Go Phone.  So far, I am very pleased with the phone.  It has all the bells and whistles I need.

This phone is fast, easy to use.  I guess the only &#34;complaint&#34; is when voice texting it can at times type the weirdest responses to my spoken word.

Got this on a Friday and set it up. I LOVE it so far. The only drawback is limited internal space (5gb) and you can't send apps to sd card, not even with apps to sd app...it's not supported by this device. I have an Ipod Touch so I don't need that much space anyway and you can save your pictures to the sd card so that's a help. Since I am used to Apple, I feel there is a slight lag with the camera and loading apps but it's all good once you get used to it. Call clarity is great, apps work well, volume is good and I like the size. I was a GoPhone customer before and this will only make it better. Great price from Amazon too...saved $40 that day on it! I would buy another one if the husband wants to go with a smart phone.November 9, 2013:  Well, I've had it for 2 months now and I cannot say how much I love this phone. Had a new baby grand daughter and all the pix I took came out great and posted to Facebook and Instagram flawlessly. It is a great deal. Don't hesitate to get this phone.

Works great!

What I expected

My first smart phone. It's fun and user friendly and i'm happy there's no two years contract. I use to have a tracfone but hated every phone I bought from them

I ordered this phone for my grandddaughter.  She is very pleased with the phone, and wwould recommend the phone to anyone needing a new phone.

This phone is such a great value for a mid-range phone I'm so happy I bought it and also so happy I switched to AT&T prepaid its way better than paying over $100 for an individual plan. This phone does as much as its big brothers/sisters the Galaxy SIII & SIV its camera just isn't as great. If you are not a power user this phone would be great for you, I also like it because its smaller than the SIII & SIV which I find too big to use comfortably with one hand.

Phone has all the features I was looking for. Easy to use and I do not have to have a contract.  Also charges pretty fast.

I absolutely love this phone. There are so many apps., web browser is extremely fast, and it so easy to use!I would definitely recommend this phone to everyone.

This phone rocks! I have been buying Boost Mobile smartphones for a years now and while some of the phones were good I could never get service in many places....more a Sprint issue I suspect than the phones themselves but just plain got tired of it. I mostly went with Boost because I don't use the phone all that much and the price was really good, $40/mo and all the contract services were too expensive for me to pay with as little as I used the phone. But then AT&T came out with the gophone plan so I bit. This phone is better than any phone I have had and I did buy the more expensive ones before. It is $32's less than at the AT&T store so I bought it here....LOVE amazon! The battery life is great compared to any I have had, and has plenty of features for me. I have been told by many that it is very much like the s3 which is what I really wanted anyway. It's easy to set up and use and now I even get service out here where I live in the country which I have never had before! Not sure if that's the phone or AT&T but I am thrilled. The camera works good and love the flash. I actually downloaded the front facing flash app so I have that also now.  Speaker sound is clear and loud enough. Love its thin style, too. I have been a fan of android phones over the iphone. It's pricey tho but for me has been worth it! I would have liked to have it in white.

I am a big fan of Samsung Galaxy because I already own the 10&#34; tablet so I know how to work this phone. I just got it today and I have no complaints. I just put my Straighttalk at&t sim card in it and started using it.

It is more than I expected. I am trying to learn how to make the most of it.Hope to prevail and it is a challenge.

I used to have the "best" phone for GoPhone service - The ZTE990 Avail.  A nice phone with many nice features, but in the end the 3.5" screen was difficult to use and the battery began to malfunction.  All great excuses to upgrade to the Galaxy Express.  GoPhone service is the best choice for me; the unlimited text, minutes, and 2GB data is enough for me.  I struggle to understand why people will pay $100+ a month for the exact same service via a contract plan???  Now AT&T; gives me a cool, functional phone.  Also, I won't look like an old nerd standing around the airport on my dinky Avail anymore.  I'm finally cool!Anywho...The 4.5" screen is beautiful and easy to use.  The resolution isn't as high as other Samsung Galaxy products, but when I compare them side to side, I really can't tell the difference.  Especially after I turn up the brightness a little.The processor is fast enough to make use fast and no delay between apps, etc.Calls are clear and 4GLTE!Browsing and watching videos are smooth and no hanging up.The backward facing camera is low res (same as iPad 2), and the forward is only 5MP.  Not that high, but O.K. for Facebook.Very few bloatware apps.Feels sleek and light.  I don't like a case, because I carry my phone in my pocket and cases seriously add to the bulk of a phone.Does not come with SD card. (the Avail did) but it transferred easily.  I imported my contacts from my old phone to the SD card and then exported them to the Express after switching cards.  Look for the video on YouTube to do this.Uses a microSIM card which means the SIM from every other GoPhone phone will not work in it. YOu have to call AT&T; to make the switch.Other than that...I lovin' it!

Bought this phone in February. It is still working well, so far. It has the feel of a Galaxy S II...which I love. A little costly $249.00 (AT&T SAMSUNG GALAXY EXPRESS GOPHONE) w the bring you own phone package via Straight Talk. Just wish I could transfer apps to sd card. That is a problem for me. ANYWAY, overall very nice phone!

As a long-time user of prepaid mobile service, I've had difficulty finding the perfect balance of cost, network reliability, and device capability.  Carriers like Virgin Mobile offer cut-rate plans, but their data service can be very frustrating at times.  Straight Talk offers "bring your own device" plans but the start-up costs with an unlocked phone can be very steep.  Tracfone and Net10 have reliable networks, but their overall handset selection is very thin for Android devices.AT&T; has it exactly right with the Galaxy Express GoPhone.  This is an Android device that doesn't feel antiquated, even in the slightest.  It works wonderfully on a network with unbelievably fast LTE that is not crippled or hindered for prepaid subscribers.  Best of all, it has been priced just right.  Simply stated, the Galaxy Express on AT&T; is a perfect balance of quality and economy.The phone itself has relatively few noteworthy flaws.  My biggest complaint is that it won't accept 64 GB microSD cards.  Most people can get along just fine with 32 GB, but my MP3 collection alone is well over 40 GB these days.  The other minor gripe I have is the device's audio output level.  It seems a little lower than other phones, but it still is in a borderline acceptable range.When it comes to the positives of the Galaxy Express, the list is long.  The 4.5" screen is nice, vivid, and eye-pleasing.  Apps run flawlessly on the dual-core Snapdragon processor.  There's plenty of on-board memory for app storage.  It doesn't feel bulky or thick in your pocket.  Even the battery life is better than I expected for an Android phone.  One can easily get a full day's use from it without needing to plug in.  I'm coming from a Samsung Note 2 (on contract with US Cellular) so my standards for judging an Android device are very high.  The Galaxy Express measures up nicely despite being a prepaid handset.The greatest phone in the world is worthless if the network it uses is poor.  AT&T; has come a long way since 2009 when I left them for Virgin Mobile.  Their data network works exceedingly well.  LTE speeds on AT&T; are easily three to four times faster than LTE on US Cellular.  The best part is I'm spending over $20 less per month with GoPhone, getting much faster data, and unlimited talk/text as well.  AT&T; is a truly national carrier, so my phone will work in places US Cellular will never even have roaming agreements.Samsung makes great phones, and while the Express isn't their most sophisticated device, it competes well against any mid-range offering out there.  Meanwhile, AT&T; is making a serious case for having the best overall value in prepaid wireless.  I'm certainly glad I switched to their GoPhone service, and the Samsung Galaxy Express is the biggest reason for my contentment.

It is a very nice smart phone for under $250 (as of right now).  It works on the gophone plan on ATT (though it seems it can work on other plans - straight talk). My reason for purchasing it was the price and to use it on ATT's 4g LTE network.  The applications open fine and the speed is more than adequate.The camera (only 5 MP) is okay but is not that great.  The screen is vivid but you can see pixels on some photos.  The screen is not like the one on a Galaxy S3 but is adequate for the price.  It did freeze up some while running a few applications.  Battery life is fine (though if you do run a lot of applications it will run down fast).  Overall this is a good budget phone and if you have 4G LTE in your area it runs quite well.  My one other gripe with the phone was when I streamed music via bluetooth in my car the song info (title/artist) did not show up on my car radio screen.In the end I did not keep the phone because I wanted a better camera phone and a slightly faster processor. I have a Galaxy S3 and use it on the gophone plan.  But I would still recommend this phone and plan.

I purchased this phone for my wife for Christmas 2013 and I love it! It has all the features that I need in a mobile device. The only reason  i don't have one now is that Virgin Mobile doesn't have them available for their system. So I am getting an S III instead. I hope that it is as reliable and user friendly as the Express!

So far so good. Hadnt had any problems that I hadn't experienced with other Samsung products.this phone Is a great back up

This phone is great in all aspects - easy to use, see, input, hear and hold.  Seems like this phone Is the same as an s3 If you compare specs, and that phone has excellent ratings.  Battery life is decent and so many accessories are available.  The phone works perfectly on the att prepaid plan, Internet access using wifi is excellent and gps tracker works great on offline cached Google maps.  I do hope kitkat gets pushed soon though - don't know how fast samsung is at getting android updates out since I've only had the phone for 3 weeks.  A tighter collaboration between samsung, att and google android on the operating manual would be helpful since at first it's hard to tell which is responsible for what.

nice phone, great reception, although beware keeping Wi-Fi setting on, eats battery up, apps are so so. would recommend for first phone, though a little pricey.

Best at&t go phone, as good or better signal than s3, fast android 4.1.2, and they make quality cases for it

I'll start by saying I have an iPhone 5. I love it but some things are better on Android. I had purchased a Galaxy S4 and to my surprise, I actually didn't care for it. It was HUGE (though it had a super nice 5" full HD screen) and the screen was not as responsive during text messaging as my previous Galaxy phones were. That latter problem was driving me crazy and it didn't matter which keyboard I tried or which app I was using. And I've had ALL the Galaxy S phones - the original, the S II, the S III, and then the S4.Enter the Galaxy Express. I decided I didn't want to spend a fortune. The Galaxy Express was the best combination of price and features - the Snapdragon S4 Plus CPU in this phone is no slouch. It also runs the latest Android which is another plus. This phone also has the newest 4G LTE, which I was not going to compromise on. The older (but still fast) 4G "HSPA+" network is fine but LTE is the future, so I wouldn't buy a phone without it if I'm spending a few hundred bucks.I LOVE the Galaxy Express! I'm picky as hell but for the price and feature set, I think Samsung/AT&T; got it right. The screen is not super ultra HD but it's crisp and clear. The camera isn't 13 MP (it's 5 MP) but the pictures are clear and are more than enough for Facebook, Instagram, and emailing. The touch screen is very responsive, Android runs smooth, and battery life surprisingly great for a smartphone. I charge it every other day. I need to charge my iPhone at least once a day, if not twice!Pros:- Price- 4G LTE- Snapdragon S4 Plus CPU w/ 1GB RAM- Super AMOLED Plus screen- Battery lifeCons:- It's not bleeding edge (but it's bargain priced, a worthy trade off!)All in all, very pleased. I find it a little insane that phones without a contract these days exceed the price of my Sony Vaio laptop! Seriously? This little gem of a phone has a great price tag and the performance to back it up. I LOVE 4G LTE. Everything loads so quickly but be careful not to burn through your data allowance - use WiFi when you're at home!

It's cheap and does the job. If you're on a budget and need to purchase a smart phone outright, this is a good model. It's pretty slow, though it isn't prone to crashing.

A phone that suits me to the &#34;T&#34; while maintaining my pay as you go plan. The WiFi enhancement is invaluable.

I used to have an iPhone 5 on Verizon. I had just finally finished my 2 year contract in November and decided to go a cheaper route (mostly because I would be paying the bill from now on). So after checking out a few of the cheaper cell phone plans, I came across Aio (which I found out is AT&T's new prepaid alternative). They offer unlimited talk/text and 2 GB of what they refer to as &#34;high speed data&#34;, which is 4G LTE. Anything after 2 GB is throttled to about the speed of Metro's 3G, but hey, it's unlimited. Anyway, for the longest time everyone told me Verizon's iPhone 5 model was special and could be activated on any SIM network. This was wrong. So, I sold Aio the phone and they paid $190 for it, which isn't a bad deal since I bought it for $200. I paid the difference in cash and left with this phone. Needless to say, it is strikingly similar to the Galaxy S3 save for less than half an inch in height. It's performance and screen size/quality is on par with the S3. The only significant difference is the camera quality and the speaker position (it's placed a little awkwardly). Other than that, you're basically paying about $200 for a nerfed S3. Can't get any better than that.

This phone is GREAT. Having migrated from a Sprint EVO 4G to an ATT Go Phone was painless and Oh so cost effective. Went from a 160/mo Sprint plan to 40/mo go phone plan. I'm now retired and home near the WiFi connection so data's not a big deal. My plan includes some data/mo if I get in a jam. I added a 32GB SD card, Skinomi film and a Ballistic case. Just ripped a bunch of CD's to the SD card and purchased the Anker Bluetooth speaker. Very nice, looking forward to using on the deck this summer. I've installed several applications. . .my favorite is Assistant. . .Sari look alike. The one negative would be that I can't move any of the applications to the SD card. That seems to be an issue of the 4.2.1 android operating system, Hopefully it will upgrade to KitKat sometime soon and that might fix that issue. But not worth losing a star over.

I wanted the best GoPhone available, so I bought this for close to $200. Overall I like it, but it's not perfect. Sometimes when I press the side button to shut the screen off, it powers off. Not ideal when you're on a call. When writing an email, it lists options for autocorrect and you select the right one, sometimes it puts the word at a random place. I never had that happen in previous phones. The camera is good but it doesn't have the action option like some other phones.One of the reasons I got this phone is to also work as a hotspot. It appears that it could work, but it doesn't. I called AT&T; and they told me GoPhones cannot work as hotspots. I had looked into this before I purchased and thought it wouldn't be a problem, but I was wrong.When I first got the phone, I got random calls and texts from people who were after the guy who had my number before (for unpaid bills/rent, bail money and other good stuff). Since then I ported over my current number and all is good now. But I was surprised how quick they assign a number to someone else these days.

Short of it: If you want a big screen and the use of 4G LTE on AT&T;'s network this is a good buy.  If you read a lot on your device or want a pure Android experience look elsewhere.I got this phone because I killed my HTC First which I actually liked (and can be found for about the same price.)  I was in a hurry to pick up a roughly equivalent replacement and got this after some research.  It is a respectable handset if you can get over the Samsung-ness...  which I can't.  In hind sight, I should have gotten a burner flip phone or one of the ridiculously cheap Nokia 520s to hold me over until the Moto G came out.Pros:Almost indistinguishable from the S3 or S4.Nice big bright screen4G LGE speedRemovable battery and micro SD memorySlim profileNice specs on paperRespectable battery life compared to other mid-range/budget offeringsCons:Low screen resolutionLooks chintzy and shiny surfaces show scuffing easilyLots of bloatwarePhone stutters a lot(compared to HTC First and Moto G.)Non-standard implementations makes switching from stock Android jarringLimited support from the tweaking community.Note:  This will work on AT&T;'s post-paid services in addition to GoPhone.  Also will work on services that use the AT&T; network such as AIO and Straight Talk.

I've used this phone for about a week now on straight talk wireless. I purchased a SIM card off of the straight talk website and under the SIM card part, I chose &#34;AT&T compatible phone&#34;.  Was a little difficult getting the phone setup, but the straight talk website tells you how to set up the phone for straight talk. Probably a touch difficult if you aren't fairly technically savvy. The phone is great. Straight talk is great. I couldn't be happier.

Did all my due dilligence regarding pre-paid phones and purchased this one last week. 4G, no monthly contract, very good phone. I was in and out of the AT&T store within 20 minutes. I do miss the slender size of the iPhone, but I think I'll make the adjustment pretty fast. Highly recommended.

i love the phone. It is everything that i want in a phone. The apps on the phone are great too

This is a great no contract phone I purchased to use with Straight Talk. Nice big screen, fast and feels good in my hand.

We recieved this package on time, as identified in the ad. The phone is amazing for GoPhone and i would recommend anyone to purchase one from THIS seller, no complaints at all. Keep up the great work

I am using this phone with an AT&T 4g LTE micro sim card from Straight Talk. The phone is a little bigger than I expected, but I love it!  The internet is snappy, the text messages are big enough that I don't have to strain my old eyes, the pictures are much better quality than my old phone (a Fusion), and the call quality is excellent. I waffled on whether I wanted to stay with Straight Talk or just activate it with AT&T, but in the end the $45 plan with Straight Talk won out. I am pleased, this phone is probably the best I've ever owned.

It's easy to read loves the bold lettering, and the fact he can see the screen and read it so easily. No guessing games

I own the iPhone the very first one and this is the first upgrade of done in about 5 years and I'm very happy with this phone serves on the purposes I need for a truck driver by trade and it's definitely a cool phone especially like the camera features

Great bang for the buck with this smart phone.  Screen resolution is great.  Touch screen is responsive.  I was hesitant to switch from my tactile keyboard, but have adjusted quite well.  Has an expansion slot for a micro sd card, I popped in a 32 gb.  Best part is the no contact. I have the 250 minute voice plan with unlimited texts ($25) and I also buy 50 mb of data for $5 a month (the data rolls over).  I try and only do things when I am connected to wi-fi.  When I travel and have no wi-fi available, I usually have enough data in my pool to check emails and what not without any additional cost!I had to go to the AT&T; store to have them transfer over my go phone info to a new sim card since the one for this phone is very small, but they had everything done in five minutes with no problems!Camera is great and there is a widget to turn the flash into an &#34;assistive light&#34; which is a great bonus.Very happy customer!

I bought this Go Phone to replace a old had for 4-5 years. I want to me sim card from old phone and plug into the galaxy and voice, text and wireless just like I did with at&t; fusion 2 go phone. I chaecked with AT&T; before I purchase the phone and they told me the only problem I would have the Galaxy has a new micro SIM card. No worries, just take you phone a they will swap the SIM card for not charge and I should be all set. I would have my same plan with no changes.When I got to the store they told this was a smart phone and I needed to buy a data plan. I verified that I would not have to do this at least 2 before buying phone. After several on chat and in the store walked out of the store with 3 lines, unlimited voice, text and 15gb data for $135. I did not want data but I was willing to try it month to month because I own the phones and have no contract. If I found I could find the plan I was looking for I could switch providers. To do this I need my phone unlocked. AT&T; is now telling me they will not allow me to unlock it for 6 months. WTF. After one day the phone appears to be very nice but AT&T; is terrible and is trying to keep a long time customer hostage just because I am looking for the best price. If this not get resolved I plan on unlocking the phone myself and taking it to Tmobile. If I can't unlock I will be sending it back

Love this phone for prepaid 10 cents per minute plan with text message plan without data (just use wifi)I paid about $225 total for this phone.  I'm not a frequent user but i used to have a pantech crossover which battery life was dying and kept on freezing on me.  This phone has SO many better features and function and definitely longer battery life andfor the purpose I need it for, I only end up paying on average of $100 per year for the plan I have. Camera works well but not as good for night time or when requiring flash compared to pics I've seen my friends take with iphone.  But for a Gophone, this is the best smartphone I've come across and AT&T; has the best option plan for what I need.Does not freeze, charges up very fast and it tells me how much charge I have left by percentage.  Love options that my notifications, text messages and phone calls can all be set up with different sounds and alert me if text comes in waiting for me that I haven't checked.

I bought this phone because it  was on sale at the time and I knew I would never get a chance at that price again, I was an AT&T Go phone customer already but that's not why I bought this one in particular. As it happens I wasn't happy with their prices for the service so I switched to another carrier. The phone itself is good, except for the fact that I'm stuck with some features that are AT&T on it (which luckily I don't even use) everything else I like and now I see what all the buzz about apps is about.

If you're considering this phone, you're probably an ATT Go Phone customer who is fed up with the shortcomings of the ZTE Avail.Look no further.  You are going to *LOVE* the Galaxy Express.  It's ridiculously faster, has a ton more memory, and you can cram in a 32gb external SD card for additional memory.  I mean, really...Yes, the Avail and the LG were the first prepaid Smartphones, but it's a case of you don't know what you're missing until you try the Express.  My 3G reception, slow and spotty in non-wifi zones, was downright pathetic to the 3G reception of the Express. (Yes, it is a 4G phone, but remember that if you aren't in a 4G area, 3G suddenly matters.)I'm not a person who has to load a lot of extra stuff on my phone. I have a handful of apps that I can't live without. I have the entire collection of my favorite band, some of their videos for emergencies, my language podcasts to study, and about a hundred necessary pictures (ok stop laughing!).  The camera on this phone doesn't have a fantastic resolution (I wonder why, seriously, given how easy it is to have a great camera these days) but it's fine for what you need, and it will take both front- and back-facing pictures, which is nice.  The phone also has that handy Assistive Light feature for when you can't see your car keys or you drop something under your desk at work.  Most of the screens are user-friendly, and you can customize your tones, reminders, settings to your heart's content.I have some gripes with the way the calendar functions in the Express as far as setting reminders go, but I've solved that by getting an app and I pretty much ignore the calendar now. I also recommend immediately getting an android-friendly browser like Dolphin that will allow you to exit an internet session easily.  The browser that comes with the phone forces you to back out of EVERY screen you went through. This is extremely annoying and probably uses up some of your data package.I still haven't found time to sit down and read the PDF of the user's manual, but I will get to it. When I stop finding things to play with on this phone.

I am really loving this phone, I am finally in this centuryOther people in my office have the S3 and S4 and basically it has the same features'just a slightly smaller screen and lower res camera - but the camera and video are certainlygood enough for most settings.  It synced perfectly with my new Mazda 6 and now my car can read my texts etc'I went with this phone as I am tired of extending contracts, now I have best of both

This phone is fabulous for folks that have the smarts to pay for only what is needed on a telecom plan. (AT&T Gophone no-contract $25 250min talk/unlimited text and wifi data is perfect; you can purchase 4G data separately if you need it.) It is generous with internal phone storage (4GB+ for personal use) and does not come with a microsd card out of the box but can be greatly expanded with removable card. Big plus. I upgraded from a LG P506 (which I loved, but kept running out of internal storage- puny 30MB- with apps that would not install on the sd card). I will continue to use the P506 for a wifi device and unlock it to use overseas on local plans. But the Samsung Galaxy Express is an enormous upgrade- beautiful display, larger screen, front 1.3mp and back 5mp camera, native support for Youtube videos, MP4/WMV/H.264/H.263 player, Voice memos, easy screen customizability. The 2000mAh battery! I know that doesn't sound like the mongo 3000mAh batteries out there, but I have had it off charger for 3 days and *still* have 40% left on the battery. THAT will be awesome when traveling. Just purchased a Ballistic case for it, since the phone itself is slippery, but it is actually a perfect size - 5.22 x 2.73 x 0.36 in - thin and small enough to hold comfortably (even small hands), fit in pockets- perfect size for web surfing, fb or emailing. Samsung just feels like the new Apple, quality and integration right out of the box. Love.this.phone.

The phone arrived sooner in then day then expected which was wonderful. I love this phone! I was so excited about finally getting a Samsung and I finally got one. This phone looks beautiful. It's kinda sensitive to touch but it's no big deal to me. The battery life could be better but it's not extremely bad. Overall this phone is exactly what I wanted. It going to take some time getting used to it though.

This is the best pay as you go, android AT&T; has offered.I have the LG thrive and the Fusion.both had software issues and other annoying glitches.The samsung galaxy express is faster , the touch screen Is more responsive , the color and image clear.Much better camera.I bought the express a few days ago. I hope I continue to be satisfied for a long time.

This phone has everything I want with a price that is very affordable. With a tight budget, I research many phones and wanted one that had many features. Once I saw the Samsung Galaxy Express I just knew I found a winner. Battery life is awesome which is a big plus. Camera not too bad and with many apps you can't lose.  :)

I am very pleased with this item. It is what I expected. Easy to operate and love the features.  Awesome.

Nice to read,the screen was large enough. This is a good phone. Full of information from the directions. The pictures are very easy to take, as well.

everything is fine the only problem is with the speaker if I open loudspeaker during viber or regular call, after 30 seconds i can't hear anything other thing is good

The phone is great and has great quality. The pictures are great on it but I can't get into the gallery though. But other than that it's a great phone. I would recommend this cell phone to my friends.

This phone is great.  This is my first smart phone, and it was worth the price I paid.  I like having a month to month phone plan by using this.

Funny but the least handy thing about this phone is answering a call!  Also, no mute button for those times you forget to turn the phone off (church, movies, etc.)  Large screen is nice.

I love this phone.  That's why I gave it five stars.  The one thing I don't like about it didn't cost it enough points to lose any stars.  "What's the one thing CarolynAnne doesn't like about it?" you're probably asking.  Well, I'll tell you.  The keypad tone.  The sound the number keys make when you're dialing a number and you have the keypad tone turned on.  It  don't sound like a regular phone's keypad: bleep bleep bleep.  It sounds more like a single drop of water dropping into a glass or a 1 gallon size bucket filled with water.  Now you're probably wondering why it is that you can download ringtones on this phone and you can download hundreds of apps, I've downloaded 125, but you can't change the keypad tone.  It doesn't give you that option.  You either have to put up with it or turn it off.  Some people might like that "drop of water dropping into more water" sound.  I find it annoying, so I keep it turned off.Now let me tell you 7 of the things I love about this phone.1. Size matters.  I love the size of this phone.  It makes my LG Thrive feel so little.  Yes, I still have my LG Thrive as a back up phone.2. Hundreds of apps instead of 9 to 12.  On my last phone, the LG Thrive, I could only download 9-12 apps.  I had to be selective about them or I'd get the low storage space warning.  As I said earlier, I've download 125 apps and still haven't gotten the low storage space warning.How do I know how many apps I've downloaded?  I go to my apps then I hit the arrow pointing down then I see just the apps I've downloaded.  On the downloaded apps, there are 20 apps per page, 5 rows with 4 apps per row.  I've counted how many pages have 20 and how many pages have less than 20 and that's how I know I've downloaded 125.3. Shortcuts on lock screen.  You can put shortcuts to 4 apps on the lock screen.  Then if you want to go to one of those apps when you unlock the phone, you just press on that appp's shortcut and slide your finger.  When it unlocks you'll be in that app.  Couldn't do that with my LG Thrive.  To set up the 4 shortcuts just do these steps:A...Go to settings-the gear shaped app at the bottom of the screen.B...Once in settings,scroll down till you see lock screen.C...Click on Lock Screen then click on Lock Screen Options.D...Turn on shortcuts.E...Touch where it says shortcuts to pick the 4 apps you want shortcuts to on the lock screen.After you've created 4 shortcuts, if you decide you don't want a shortcut to app a but you do want a shortcut to app b instead, then before you exit the lock screen shortcuts menu, pull the app you don't want a shortcut to down to the trash can at the bottom of the screen.  When the trash can and app both glow red, you can take your finger off the screen then just touch...not hold..the plus sign to add the app shortcut you do want.  You can also rearrange the order after you've added all 4.  Just press and hold down the shortcut till it moves up slightly then move it to where you want.  Just be sure you see a small blue vertical line like this--> | at the top of the shortcut you're moving otherwise it'll just move back to its original spot.4. Volume buttons and text size.  This is how to set it up so you can adjust the font size in text messages using the volume buttons.  In messaging, tap the menu button on the bottom left corner of the phone and go to settings in the little menu that comes up on the bottom of the screen.  Then to set it so the volume buttons adjust the size of the font in your text messages just put a check mark in the box next to "Use the volume key".  Really love this feature.  Don't need my glasses to read my text messages.5. This phone comes with a sim card but not a micro sd card.  Why am I so happy about that?  Because it allows me to pick how many GB of storage space I want my micro sd card to have.  I use a 64 GB micro sd card.  You might not want anything over 16 GB for your micro sd card and you can do that since you have to buy a micro sd card.  It's just for me: BGGER is better, hence the 64 GB.6. Clock app features.  I love the clock app that came on this phone.  You can have as many or as few alarms as you want or need.  I've tried to get it to give me a "you've reached the limit of alarms" message but I haven't yet.  I went high as 12 (or was it 14) last time I tried.  Never did get the "you've reached the limit of alarms" message. Here's another thing I like about this phone's clock app.  With my LG Thrive I couldn't turn the snooze off on any of my alarms.  The best I could do was set the snooze to the max which was 30 minutes.  The 30 minutes would be 30 minutes from when the alarm stopped alarming without me stopping it, which was usually a minute after it had started alarming.  This phone you can turn the snooze off completely on all or some or none of your alarms.  Really love that.7. Battery life.  On days when you don't use it much, very little at all, you can go over 24 hours between charges.  I have an app (Battery Notifier Pro BT) on mine that shows what percentage of battery life I have left as a number in the status bar.  I start getting the low battery warning at 15.  When I pull the status bar down, next to that number it shows how long the phone has been disconnected from the charger.  I once went 27 hours 15 minutes between charges.  Amazing but true.  This phone has a power saving mode which helps about the battery life.  The power saving mode comes on by itself, so you don't have worry about it.  I don't recommend turning it off but if you REALLY want to, you can do this one of 2 ways.  Either in settings where it says Power Saving (the word mode might be hid by the on/off switch) or by pulling the status bar down and clicking on Power Saving in the top right corner of the screen.Sorry Amazon.  I didn't buy this phone from you.  I bought it at a store in Florence, Alabama in November 2013.  I waited till now to write this review because I didn't want to write this glowing 5 star review then a month later take the phone back because I found 2 or more things on it I couldn't use which might've made me dislike the phone enough to take it back.To sum up my review: I sincerely feel this phone is worth every penny of what it cost.  I REALLY LOVE IT!!!

I bought a 2nd one to replace the first one I purchased.  I can't imagine wanting any other phone.  It is the perfect size, good graphics and most of all not to expensive.

I searched online for a no contract phone that wasn't too expensive and came across the Samsung Galaxy Express. I waited for it to go on sale before I made my purchase and I couldn't be happier! I compared all the features and specs of this phone with several others out there and this phone has so many great things for the price! I can go on and on about all the wonderful things about this phone, the list is long =)  It's very user friendly and was so easy to set up when I first turned it on. The only thing that I could say was a negative is that my old SIM card didn't fit into this phone because it was slightly larger than the new SIM cards. It really was no issue for me since I have all of my contacts saved through Google and the phone synced right away with no issues. I really love this phone! Great price, tons of features just like all the super expensive phones, and it has NO CONTRACT!! Yay!!!

I just received the phone just hours ago. I went to ATT Corp store to activate it with a 4G LTE sim card (free of charge) with no issue. So far, it looks like a nice phone. I was using an S3 before. Only thing is, it arrived with no invoice. I guess I could print the amazon order confirmation page but still it should have come with a proof of purchase. It did arrive one day before the estimated delivery date so good job

4g service on a pre-paid no contract phone.  The monthly fee and cost of this phone less then others.  phone works great and battery life is great.  works very similar to samsung galaxy S3.  $48 a month for unlimited phone/text/wifi on prepaid online, if i want 2gb of data, that cost an extra $9 per month.  So far just using wifi and works excellent.  MY previous go phone was the "Avail"  which sucks compared to this phone.  Based on this phone and coverage, contracts to me are for dummies who don't do their research.

This phone has a major issue with it's email app when trying to sync to Exchange server.I can only set &#34;Period to sync Email&#34; to less than 3 days, otherwise the email app will hang when trying to sync.I downloaded another app and was able to sync more than 3 days.In addition, Samsung has piled a boat load of junk wares into this phone and really slowed down some basic operations, such as switching apps.

This phone has a nice big five inch screen, and makes clear calls (clear on both ends).At the size, it is almost like a mini tablet.Great coverage, uses 3G and 4G coverage where available so data rate is great. Also uses home wi-fi (downloads are much faster on that). It can be set to use wifi when available instead of using 3G/4G only (saves the data usage charges).Recommended for anyone who wants a new phone with all the bells and whistles but don't want to spend 300-500 dollars for a new 4G phone.

So coming from an HTC Vivid I was used to a few things the Express doesn't offer but overall I'm happy with this phone. I read lots of reviews before I bought this phone and kept wondering if people were really telling it like it was. Now that I own this phone I'd say yes they were dead on.The good: A nice clear screen, good size phone that's easy to handle and very easy to use. For a prepaid phone this is really a nice change!The not so good: Sometimes it feels as though the processor is lagging a little as it takes a couple seconds for the phone to catch up to what I'm pushing. Not all the time but sometimes.Also I'm used to being able to set different sounds or tones for different things so I know what I'm receiving before I even pick the phone up. Like one tone for email, another for texts, another yet for calendar reminders. This phone doesn't let you do that. It's all 1 tone for every notification so you never know what you've received until you look at the phone. Also I'm used to having an LED flash when I have a missed call or any type of text, etc. This phone doesn't show if you've missed anything so you have to turn the phone on to check it. Not very convenient.Overall I'm very happy with the phone and the price (I paid $189). I'm using the phone on Straight Talk and couldn't be happier with the service. The phone works well since it's still using AT&T; towers and I've had no issues in the month I've been using the phone. Hope this helps!

I use to have the Fusion 2, My wife has the Samsung appeal and my son has the Nokia Lumia 520. I have used all 3 of the phones and none of them compare to this! Both the Samsung appeal and the fusion 2 are JOKES compared to this phone,The speed alone is unbelievable. Its faster then my $800 Dell laptop! Pages load so quick it puts my old phones processor to shame.The voice to text is amazing! It texts out what you say as you say it and surprisingly it is spot on almost every time!! The fusion 2 voice to text messed up what i said all the time, It was very disappointing.They now have swype & Voice to text on the same keyboard!! No more switching in between android & Swype! Swype is also sooooo much better on this phone then it was on the fusion. It makes each word correctly so no more fixing text messages!The screen is big, But not to big to handle. Still fits perfectly in my hand! It weighs less or about the same as my smaller fusion did which is amazing. The speakers on it sound great! Overall i just can't even believe the quality of this phone.I use to HATE smartphones because it was hard to text on them seeing as the voice to text always use to mess up, The swype would not work correctly or efficiently, Regular text i would hit the wrong letters with my big fingers and they were pretty slow loading pages and videos. Now because of this phone i now LOVE smartphones!!!! This thing is just put together so well and is so efficient compared to any of the other phones that i have used or have owned in the past.I didn't want to spend $200+ on a gophone and almost wanted to return it to get something cheaper again but i am SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO happy i kept it! I will spend the extra every time i need a new phone as long as it runs and works like this one does! AMAZING PHONE!! I would highly recommend! Especially to anyone how has had issues with smartphones and wants one THAT ACTUALLY DOES ITS JOB!! A+++++++++++++++++++

This is a nice phone. Just the right size, the processor is quick. It has a nice screen and just enough apps. I put in my Consumer Cellular sim card in the phone and it fired right up with no problems. I didn't even have to set up my voice mail account again. The call quality is really good and it has a loud ringer.

I purchased this phone (though not from Amazon) and have used it for only about two months now.  I  do like so many of the features; camera is just so-so but it's able to be lived with.  The call quality is excellent; (on both ends); speaker phone is good; texting is easy.  Battery life I'd rate as 4.5 out of five stars; it beats my old Samsung Galaxy II hands down in that area.But....(and there's always a but....) there are a few very annoying glitches that I feel shouldn't be present in such a new phone!  The phone turns off and on by itself; the Wifi (though appearing to be turned on) drops and the symbol in the status bar no longer appears, so you need to go in through your settings and turn it off and turn it back on again in order for it to resume working.  Sometimes the touch screen is very slow or freezes up; for some reason the Google Calendar app stopped syncing with the on-line calendar (though all other Google apps kept syncing properly) and to fix it I needed to delete and basically &#34;wipe out&#34; all my calendar entries and re-enter.  Not fun.Honestly -- when this phone works, it's a pleasure to use.  But with the poorly functioning Wifi and the very annoying, intermittent rebooting on it's own ...cause me to rate it at only 3 stars.

The most important thing about this phone is that it's a gophone.  Get on the 10 cents per minute plan, you only need to buy a 25 dollar card every 3 months that way.  Data plans are still way to expensive.As a device, this does all the stuff you need.  You can download apps, take pictures, watch movies, listen to music, and browse the internet.  The Amoled  screen is super nice looking

This device is nice considering its price-benefit. before I use Galaxy express, I had used Huawei Gophone priced about $80, but 40days later,  Huwaei phone became really terrible(automatically lost its power and even wasn't turned on, experienced too many malfunction, I really wanted to refund Huawei gophone). I chose Galaxy Express for the replacement and Galaxy Express works well and not so expensive as iPhone(I also was considering iPhone5 or newly launched 5s,5c but iPhones are usually twice expensive). Its battery life is longer than what I expected sometimes lasted 2~3days. However, some lagging in screen or processing still exist as other android phones do(I have not experienced lagging when I used iPhone). Whatever it is recommendable for gophone or prepaid phone users.

This phone is amazing. I'm not even sure where to begin. I used to have the Galaxy S2 (Sprint/Boost Mobile) before this and ugh, that phone was terrible honestly. It has a 1.5GH processor, 5mp camera, and a 4.5 inch screen, which is plenty big for me, and it always runs very smooth. I haven't had any problem with lag or anything like that since I've purchased it in September of last year. And on top of all that, it runs no contract on AT&T;'s lighting fast LTE network! I am usually on 4G LTE 99% of the time in places when I'm not at home on Wifi, and if LTE is not available, it's on 4G which is pretty much just as fast! I've never had 3G even come up on my phone.Battery life is also amazing! Never had any issues with it, unlike a lot of the Galaxy S line phones, which I've heard a lot of horrible, horrible things about the batteries in them and issues with them. Yeah no thanks.Only thing I can really gripe about this phone, doesn't really have to do with the phone. It's AT&T;'s GoPhone plans. They don't really provide enough data. 60 dollars a month gets you 2.5GB of data. Not a lot at all honestly. And when you go past that, they terminate your service until your new billing cycle starts over. Most other prepaid carriers just slow your speeds down.All and all, besides that, this is an amazing phone. I would highly recommend it.

Works great. Stopped by ATT store and they quickly transfered existing gophone account to new sim card. Everything runs smooth on it. Screen size is perfect and is a lot thinner then my previous phone. Would recommend.

I have vision problems but I didn't need a Big Font app to read my text messages.  Keyboard is larger then my old one so I don't get all these misspelled words and symbols.  This is a great go phone.

This was a great find and a super buy. Thank you have had no problems with our phone at all....

I had an iPhone but wanted to go back to Android without a contract.  This phone has all the features I need.  The screen is a perfect size so I can stream videos and still put it in my back pocket.  It is linked to AT&T service which is my carrier of choice.  I can take it to any AT&T store to ask for assistance and their friendly staff are always helpful.  I do wish Otterbox would make a more feminine case though.

Love this phone!! Great price and it does lots of cool things!! Works almost exactly like the S5 or galaxy note...very pleased!!

Was ok for a Go phone, but it lagged a bit.  For the price it was great, but after coming from top tier phones, I just couldn't handle the lag.  The phone was a bit smaller than I was used to as well, and it was a bit &#34;plasticy&#34;If you can't afford a S3/S4, then this will probably work ok.I ended up returning it.

I never liked samsung phones this is the first one. Its so fast it never freezes it has no bugs or glitches its beautiful and most importantly the BATTERY LAST FOREVER i get almost 2 full days with heavy texting and widgets running. for an android thats insane. this this is so customizable also its just a fantastic phone and worth every penny i spent on it samsung did an amazing job on this phone!!!!

Best phone I ever had an  it a very nice size I love everything about my phone I recommend everyone who's looking for something similar to a galaxy s3 this is it

I want to buy a 2nd one! No complaints and it everything that a higher phone would do pretty much.

love the screen size and battery lasts a couple of days without recharging. This phone can do just as much or more than an I phone

The Samsung Galaxy Express was purchased for my Mother-in-Law to upgrade from a Samsung Galaxy Discover which she has used for approximately 6 months. After assisting with the initial set up of the phone it was delightful in observing her enjoy such features as the larger screen, faster processor, camera w/flash. She is extremely pleased with this phone and the features it offers.

I gave this as a  gift, had it unlocked for tmobile and it works great.  Nice quality high end phone for a fraction of the price. You will have to disable some automatic functions that come with it, in order to use  portable wifi option. Also take note the sim card size is micro, but any cell store will trim the card down for free.

No complaints!Everything is good : data speed, wi-fi, mobile hotspot, apps, size......The camera takes good quality pictures.This is one of the best phones in terms of features as well as price range.Will recommend this product!

I had this phone for a month and it is easy to operate. takes god pictures and easy to setup... I ordered the otterbox cover for it and I am pleased with the over all fit and handling.

I researched for two weeks straight looking for the best value in a prepaid Android phone with Jelly Bean on GSM (AT&T preferred), and this is it.  Yes, the screen is 720p and the camera is 5MP, and it is a dual core and not quad, hence the word value.  IMHO, they made the right compromises to reach the best price point.  So if your credit is bad, or you just don't want to be locked into a contract and yet you want a GSM Android Jelly Bean phone, then this is the ticket.

Great for price, I really like it. Comparable to galaxy s3.  No problems. I'm going to buy my wife one.  I like the removable battery compared to some phones presently on market that don't allow replacing when battery gets week.  We use our phones for years thus the battery concern.  I bought ballistic case with it which I also find handy for grip and propping phone up

It's a very ,very nice prepaid phone. I was skeptical about buying this phone at first but I'm glad I did. Kinda puts me in mind of the Galaxy S3 but slightly smaller. Overall I'm impressed.

This phone is an excellent mid-range phone.  II mean, who wouldn't want an S5 or something, but the price on this is great and has most of the same kinds of features.  I was using an HTC mytouch 4G, which I liked, but it has the older os (2.3), and I wanted a 4.+ which this has.  Sound quality is good. Camera is relatively simple (compared to my HTC), but the photos are definitely more than acceptable.  Sometimes seems to run a 'little' slow, like for the desktop to come back after exiting a browser. But what's a second or two.  Definitely worth the money.

This phone is fantastic.  I am an avid iPhone user and have not made the jump, but I purchased it for my father-in-law and set it up for him.  After using this phone for 3 days, I am convinced it is a great phone that is fast and sleek.  We just purchased the phone and then popped in a regular ATT sim card on a regular (not GoPhone) line.  Activated and worked perfectly!  I absolutely recommend this phone to anyone!

First smart phone.  It is amazing what these can do.  I purchase a Straight Talk SIM card and am using with their service. It does more than I have been able to figure out at this time. I have had it for 2 months.

I have had an AT & T go phone for years but, the difference in clarity, volume, and everything you do with this phone is amazing.I would recommend this phone to a friend

I have only had this phone one week but it's charge lasts longer than my Samsung Infuse, it has better call clarity and it works well in my Ford F150. So far so good. It beats my Infuse in almost everyway

I didn't want to extend my contract and this phone was perfect.  It is easy to use and one of the best go phones out there. Thanks.

Great and fast shipping !

I just got the Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone for AT&T after using the Samsung Galaxy S II for a little over a year. It is definitely an upgrade, the phone runs a lot smoother and AT&T offers reasonable plans thru their prepaid service that makes me wonder why anyone would want a contract plan. I have the $60 a month unlimited talk and text and 2 GB of data, when I am home I turn my data off and use my WIFI, when I am on break at work I turn off my data and use the WIFI at work. I do not even come close to using all 2 GB of my data and I go online on the phone quite a bit. Most if not all McDonalds have AT&T WIFI so if you go to McDonalds you can use the free WIFI and turn your data off. For me the price of the phone is worth the benefit of not having to sign a two year wireless contract. I highly recommend this phone and plan with AT&T as well.

phone glitches a lot, shuts on and off by itself, swype doesnt work as well as I thought it would, and lock screen takes me 100 try's to unlock my phone. otherwise its fine

Good phone,  cool features. 5 gb available after bloatware, still pretty nice compared to other go phones. Expandable storage with sd card slot inside.  Screen is clear,  a lIttle slow at times. Wi-Fi direct/ s beam is a cool feature,  shares files faster than messaging.  The audio does sound tinny from the speaker if it's on full volume but otherwise pretty good. Camera could be better for the price,  but it does include a front facing camera which takes decent pictures. Video is a little blurry,  there has to good light both front facing camera and video.  Battery does very well,  Took it off the charger about  7 hours ago and its at 73%. 4g lte is fast.I rated 4 stars because I believe it could've included a better camera for the price, and there should be way less bloatware, but still all around a nice phone

Pros-No contractWorks on straight talkGreat speakersCons-No LED indicator of a textCamera doesn't always work and quits on me often

For the price, I would have thought it would have looked and felt nicer. The back is kinda hollow and flimsy. No frills here. But it seems to work okay.

I am a moderately fluent with telecommunications and found this Samsung GalaxyExpress with ATT service the worst in my entire lifetime......15 years using a variety of cell phones. First, to register, fund, and get set-up w ATT was a  nightmare....even their customer service people were confusing and contradicting between the four reps I spoke with. Plus, the instructions were so confounding I asked 5 different engineers at work to interrupt it.....all chemical engineers as I am as well, and NO ONE understood the instructions for setting up the phone's various functions....eg em, auto pay etc. I could elaborate, but I did the only smart thing..........I gave my phone to my older sister who will use it only for emergencies..........really a shame after spending about $300 between the phone and 1 months $60 plan. I went over to Apple's iPhone and was up and running, without the countless ATT frustrations in a matter of minutes.

I played around with this phone at the AT&T store a lot, just trying to make sure it was the phone I wanted. It is my first smart phone and so far has met expectations. As with all phones, it takes a while to go through everything and get the settings exactly where you want them. Once I did that with mine, the phone was perfectly set up for me. The phone by it self is very thin. It makes me feel like I'm playing with a toy. Being my first smart phone, I wanted to protect it (and also give it some bulk since it was so thin), so I got the Otterbox that works with this model. Great companion with this phone. I would recommend this phone and the Otterbox to anyone that wants a smartphone, but doesn't really need the &#34;Latest and greatest&#34;.

I really like this phone so far. I've had it for almost 4 months with not a lot of issues. But it has started to randomly exit me out of applications and sometimes just shut itself off. All in all, it's a nice, durable (I've dropped it quite a few times with only a handful of scratches) phone.

I upgraded from a Samsung Captivate and love this new device. The best part about it is the life of the battery. I can charge it up and actively use the device for 3+ days and the charge finally reached 30%. The screen is very responsive and clear. The dimensions are nice in hand and buttons are placed well. My only complaint is finding accessories for it. GoPhones are available at Walmart, Target, Best Buy, and cell company stores, but you won't be able to get a case to protect your new investment. I couldn't even get one from Samsung.com. I guess since I didn't buy a phone for $400+, I don't matter.

Bought for my 16 year old daughter a Christmas and she has never had any issue with it. Great item.

I LOVEEE this phone. It is my first phone. I get to keep my to go phone plan and get to use Wi-Fi wherever it is available. I do not know why I waited almost 2 years to get a smart phone. I really like this phone. I am sure it does way more than I know how to use. But it is PERFECT for me and anyone else who loves the newer phones, but doesn't want to pay a fortune. LOVE IT!!! Did I say that already?? hahhahah!

Love this phone. 4g on prepaid with AT&T. $60.00 for all unlimited except data at 2 gb a month. Gets the job done with NO CONTRACT!  Wish pictures where sharper. The camera is 5 mp. Not to bad though. Sound is better than my lg optimus. Pretty good price too!

I have had many cell phones over the past twelve years and the Samsung Galaxy Express (AT&T; Go-Phone) is far superior to all of them.The most important characteristic is the excellent call quality, which was lacking in every other phone I have had. It is equal to the call quality of my land line. The clarity of the screen, which is described as Super AMOLED Plus, and the fast response when using either the browser or applications is amazing. I find battery life between charges is greater than that listed in the phones specifications. It has abundant internal memory which was also lacking in my previous smartphones. Although I don't use a data plan, knowing that if I do so in the future, I will have access to the 4G LTE network. I could go on and on about all the other positive aspects of this phone. So far I have found no negatives.Finally, I was so satisfied with this phone that a week later I purchased another for my wife, to replace her smartphone. She too, could not be happier with this phone.

I wanted a new smart phone without  a contract. My husband wanted to buy a cheaper gophone so he bought the att radiant which is nice but I decided to get the Samsung Galaxy Express which has LTE and a bigger screen. After we got them I was so happy with my phone. It is slender with a nice large screen. It was worth the $150 more that it cost and I am a very frugile spender. I love it and will buy the same one if something happens to this one. It is also easy to operate which is nice too. I would highly recommend. Amazon was also $50 cheaper than everywhere else I looked.

I bought this phone for my son's 18th birthday. It worked great for 6 months then the screen inexplicably went black. Samsung customer support stated that this was a frequent problem with this phone. We were advised to send the phone in and it would be repaired under the warranty. Two weeks later we were told that this was not covered, that they had shipped it back to us, and that if we wanted it repaired we would have to ship it back and pay $160. They REFUSED to tell us why it was not covered and hung up on us. Appearance wise, the phone was in almost new condition when we sent it in; the phone was returned to us scratched and cracked. I will never buy another Samsung product and I will be sure to share my negative experience with others . It is very clear Samsung does not stand behind their products or have any concern for their customer base.

Buy this phone then go to straighttalk.com and get the micro sim. You get the AT&T 4GLTE Unlimied talk/text and data 2.5 gb 4glte for 45.00 a month anything over 2.5 throttles back to 2g but still unlimited.....can't beat it.....

Best phone I ever had, easy to use and fun. This is a keeper. Recommend for anyone. Fast and attractive

I purchased this phone to use as a VoIP phone, and it works really well.  Also the battery life is amazing!!

Great replacement phone for the money. A little slow but not to the point of irritation. The sound quality is good even in louder  environments

Great phone for everything well worth your my money,great battery life,left off the charger over 24 hour with 35% left, great buy

This is my first "smart" phone.  My old phone was a flip phone (it was so old, I got a text from AT&T saying they were no longer going  to support it - they did offer me a free, new phone, but it was chintzy and I decided it was time to move up!) I love this (Galaxy Express) phone!  I'll admit I went to the AT&T store everyday for about a week to learn how to use it, but, hey, it was all new to me.  It works well for texting (touch screen keyboard - but you can also speak your message and it will type it out for you, a great feature if you're driving), and for talking (you can hook it up to hands-free in your car).  But what I really love are all the apps, and widgets which you can set up customized on your homescreens.  My favorite thing is the Music Player - I don't bother with my iPod anymore.  I can listen to music directly from the phone itself (w/ or w/out earbuds) and also can hook it up to my car speakers with aux. cord.  The camera takes good quality pictures - maybe not quite to the degree of my Canon SX160, but very acceptable, and very convenient when I don't want to carry my camera with me.  It has lots of settings, too:  auto white balance (& other light source settings: daylight, fluorescent, etc...), scene modes, timer, metering, ISO, flash, self-portrait, shooting mode, effects (b&w, sepia), resolution, etc... Aside from the pictures I take on my phone, I load and store pictures in it - instead of the old days of carrying wallet photos, I scanned and store my kids baby pictures in it, pictures of my hubby, etc... . You can also store documents in it.  For example I have a typed, detailed list of meds and foods I'm allergic to that I store in my phone (handy info).  I use my phone almost exclusively now for facebook, pinterest, google searches, youtubes, etc...  You can also watch movies on it.  I have a variety of games (nice for passing the time), a calculator, calendar, compass, light-up magnifying glass for when I forget my reading glasses in dim restaurants :), a timer, weather forecast (accuweather), google sky map, etc...  Another feature that I was unfamiliar with before I purchased my phone that I like a lot is "Screenshot" - you press the Home key and Power/Lock key simultaneously and the phone will take a picture of whatever is showing on the screen at the moment. I purchased a 32 GB memory card for the phone, so I can store tons of music and photos without using up internal memory.  The phone screen is Gorilla Glass - good stuff, doesn't scratch!!  Phone comes with a charger cord, and a computer cord.  It has a really good battery, long-lasting. I use my phone a lot, and charge it once a day (I can sometimes go a bit over a day, but hate to run it low and have it run out on me). I have the "Belkin Surround Dual Layer Bumper Case for Samsung Galaxy Express SGH-I437 - Fitted Case - Retail Packaging - Black/Gray" - for my case (hate to send you away from Amazon - but I got it for $5.00 from AT&T) I like it a lot - it works great for me.  It doesn't add bulk to my phone, It is a bumper case (just fits around the edges of your phone.  It is hard plastic along the sides/top/bottom but the front edge that goes across the edges of the screen in front, and in the back are rubbery and stick up a lil higher than surface of the phone which protects your screen and back cover when your phone is laid down (or dropped). The rubber edges also give my fingers something to hand onto, as the phone with no cover can feel a little slippery in your fingers.  Additionally, the rubbery edge gives it a little grip - if I lay the phone on my leg, or on the car seat, or couch arm, etc... it doesn't slide off. I know that Otterbox style covers are popular, but I don't like a lot of bulk on my phone - and, I'm not one who is prone to dropping their phone so it's not a big worry to me.  However, if it makes you feel better, there is a youtube of some drop tests of a phone with a bumper case :).  I've had this phone for 7 months and am very happy with it.  There isn't anything that I dislike about it.  One thing I was a little leery of, when I bought, it was that it would seem to big (2 7/8" x 5 5/16" WITH the bumper cover on) because I walk, bike, and hike a lot and like to carry it in a pocket.  But even that has worked out fine - I still fit it in a jacket, jean, or shorts pocket (that little rubber bumper helps it not to slide out).  This phone is worth every penny (it is $199. now, - I paid $224. That's okay - no regrets!)

This phone pretty much reminds me of my Galaxy S2. I had no complaints then, and I don't have any now. I needed a sweet(ish) phone so I can switch to AT&T Go phone. This works well. Great phone/features/sound/OS/responsiveness. And only $145 (much cheaper than the S2/S3/S4)

I only had it for a month or two.  It seems to be slower in processing and bringing up items like photos and children 2-4 minute videos.  It is still hard to hear when someone calls or I am calling out.  So it is on speaker phone 99% of the time.  When it plays music it is clear and loud.  To bad I cannot get it to be louder when I am calling or receiving calls.

This is my first Samsung smartphone and, as expected, it really delivers.  I have had great experiences with other Samsung electronic devices (HDTVs, Tablet, standard cell phones) and can now add this to the list.  So many features so such a reasonable price.  The screen is very large (easy to see), the touch screen is highly responsive and the phone is super customizable.  Great buy!

I was fed up with Sprint's coverage (through Virgin Mobile) and also wanted the latest phone without paying $90+/mo. It seems to have all the features of the S3/S4. The processing speed is fantastic. The upfront cost of the phone is definitely worth the money you can save in the plans. It seems to be a bargain way (and less commitment way) of getting the latest technology.

I've had them all...Blackberry, Palm, iPhone. Switched to Consumer Cellular, but didn't like their choices for phones. Ordered this one from Amazon, and couldn't be happier. Took about 10 minutes with Consumer Cellular tech support and got it up and running on the AT&T; 4G LTE network. Battery life is good (I turn off Bluetooth and WiFi when I'm at work) and the battery lasts two days.Display is a little washed out, but it could be the OtterBox I bought for it. All in all, a great phone at a great price.

I didn't realize a go phone was different from a regular phone so I expected to swap my SIM card and be fine.  Luckily, after a phone call to my provider and a visit to the store, I was able to do just that.  This phone does not have as much memory as I'd like, but it is reliable.

This item have  to much trouble i reorder this phone and same problem .so i waist to much time to returning

My third Samsung and by far this is the worst.  Three weeks and I can't even use my phone.  The party on the other end says I sound as if i'm in a tunnel or under water. It was fine for the first two weeks, I like the ease in using the phone.

I upgraded and this my first smartphone. It seems to do all it is supposed to do. I have not used it for more than 2 weeks so I do not know how my go plan works, but so far it seems to be adequate using $25/mo plus $5 for data.

We just bought this phone because my husband was tired of his iphone 4, but we didn't want to upgrade at the at&t store and restart our contract nor did we want to pay 500-600 bucks for a phone. it works really good, i have a moto x and it basically does everything my phone does besides the fact that you can't talk to it.

I was previously using an AT&T Avail but was looking for something thinner with a larger screen. And this phone fit the bill perfectly! Even though the phone itself is not that much bigger than my Avail (it's still very pocket-friendly), the screen is significantly bigger. The speed and features available on this phone are great and really make me wonder why anyone would go with contract service. Thanks Samsung and AT&T for offering a great prepaid phone for us frugal customers!
