
excellent product thank you very much fulfilled expectations, I recommend it to the entire community in Latin America excellent product thank

The phone arrived yesterday. Google tells me the language of the quick start guide is Czech, the box and the software installed on it is from the Orange carrier. I order from Cell-Source, even though it was little pricier than some of the other orders listed because it was Amazon Prime and the percentage of positive reviews posted was a few percent higher than other sellers. I was still a little nervous about it because of seeing other reviews with unnamed sellers that were not unlocked and because the price for the phone on amazon.fr after applying the conversion made me think there can't be much profit in the business of selling unlocked phones.The phone arrived Friday in an unopened box. I charged it and it turned on just fine. I didn't get a chance to verify that it was unlocked that night since the sim card from my (dying) dumb phone wasn't the right size/type for this phone. But the next day I took it to Tmobile and there were zero problems switching my number and a new sim to the phone.I might update on the phone as I get more use out of it. For the moment I am happy to report that the product that I received was as advertised. Unlocked, international, functioning.

I live in the USA and have an AT & T GoPhone line. I was a bit concerned about buying this phone, not just because of the incorrect spelling of Samsung, but also because of the negative reviews and the number of people whose phones were locked when they arrived.  However, my phone was unlocked and I have not had any problems with it. The phone is from Orange Mobile in France, so a few of the Apps will only work on an Orange network and some Apps are in French. However it is not hard to delete these Apps. I  bought the phone from Cell-Source as they had good reviews and I have been happy with their service so far.

delivered on time as it was intended to. The only BIG problem is that it came up with FRENCH version. I had to buy an adapter for the charger and instructions manual was all in french, not a single Word in english.

I bought it for my husband and he is very very satisfied with this product. I recommend it to buy and enjoy it, Samsung is the best!!!

The price it's really cheap for a pone of this quality. For those who doesn't love Apple, this pone could be almost a top of the line in Premium

This smartphone is a top line smartphone in a not gigantic size. Although is not for playing, is an excelent option for the standard use. (phone, taking pictures, runs fluent...)I Love it.Pro:Fluent:it runs fluent all the time... I use almost 20 widgets in 3 screens and I hate when phones can't handle this amount of graphic demandHas Micro SD slot.Has android 4.2.2Screen:it looks great. the colors are beautifulCons:It could be tough to people with not a good view (high pixel per inch)Is up to you:Size:It is not a size for playing i think, but is the size i want... I can handle it with only one hand and that is what I want for a phonePictures:It is not an S4, an iPhone 5 or a HTC One, but it still get great pictures. For instance, for the day to day, I don't miss my compact camera.Battery:I use it a lot... like 2 hour for listening radio through internet, wifi all the time and 3g/4g all the time and it last like 20 hours

It was traditionally international. I received it in good time with all the extras. The problem was the instruction were it Chinese and the phone was set up in German. Since I am a guy in Jersey I certainly have no use for instructions but I do not know German. The sellers' best option was to send it back ... I needed the phone (that's why I ordered it) so I looked for another solution. Luckily I was in the local Walmart that sold this model and I asked the guy if he was familiar enough with the phone to navigate changing the language. It turns out he was a exchange student from Germany. Problem solved !One problem; the phone always is warm ! I am certain it will fry the unit way too early. Anyone have an idea why this is occurring ? It would have been a great pocket warmer this past Winter but I would rather go to Belize...Johnd.

This review is critical review and NOT intended to degrade the sellers' reputation  in any way.The packaging was good... my package included:- 2 back covers 1. branded with the carrier's logo 2. plain white- ear phones- charger  - with NO ADAPTER- battery- phone (UNLOCKED) and is good working condition so far.- manualThe customer service was adequate. I sent two queries while my order was processing and in both instances someone responded.The response was not diplomatic & friendly as if the employee were trained in customer service BUT it was a response nonetheless.However I am absolutely PEEVED about the fact that my charger did not come with an adapter. How is this possible? This phone is supposed to be an international version i.e. it should carry an adapter, after all it is intended for international use.  Needless say, I will now be forced to purchase an adapter to ensure my phone can be charged.To follow on from this... other colleagues in my office also purchased the same exact phone but from DIFFERENT SELLERS and they did not encounter this issue.  When each phone was unboxed, every box had an adapter enclosed.SHOPEBEST, your service was not bad, the phone works well, however I would like to suggest that the international version of this phone be sourced from one of the other regions listed on the box. That means the package will come with adapter included, hopefully SHOPEBEST would not need to incur additional cost.I hope this review is helpful.

I changed my S3 for this S4 mini and don't regret is a great phone, fast, small, handy and beautiful

I have been using it for 6 months now and is great, but when i tried to change carriers i was told that my phone is locked. It is supposed to be factory unlocked!!?? now i'm at a loss on how to unlock my phone to be able to change carriers.

this is by far the best phone i have ever seen or used.  great features on the samsung s4 mini.  great size fits in your pocket very easily.  battery last forever

Dear Sir: Amazon,I want to notify them that the phone you buy from -&#62; SAMSUNG GALAXY MINI GT-i9195 S4 8GB UNLOCKED-International Version No Warranty Black LTE 800/850/900/1800/2100 / 2600MHz with purchase order # 106-3505795-9248238 this &#34;LOCKED&#34;, ie I could not use it; however this product was identified as &#34;Unlocked&#34; for purchase on their website, this brought me drawbacks of time and money.I want to know which solution you propose about it?Best regards,Lisandro AponteCaracas_ Venezuelaemail: lapontea@gmail.com

Samsung makes a great product.  This is my forth Samsung and I love it.If you need a smaller and lighter version of the S4 this is it.  Sure it does not have everything the S4 has like the PIP function, which is great, but this phone is the same size as an iPhone and 10 times better.

When I just got it, the battery life sucked. As in, I charged it fully right before going to bed and when I woke up the phone was completely dead. Turns out that it just has to be fully cycled (I.e. fully charged and discharged) about 3 times before it fully starts to retain charge normally.Even under normal circumstances, the charge only lasts like 3 days max and I dont use it too heavily.I am on WIFI mostly and I disabled GPS and a few other services to preserve power.This is my first Android phone, so I am not sure if this is common, but my ipod and ipad hold charge much longer - on average a week or more - with similar usage patterns.Overall though, I am coming from a blackberry curve - so this is a major step up. I am quite happy.

good

It's a very nice phone, unfortunately after I bought it I found out that it is unable to work on the LTE network in USA.

When I was entering into the smartphone world I decided to go with Galaxy because I am an apple hater who listened to everyone who debates their phones and in most debates the Samsung Galaxy won hands down, against all competitors. I am not a big fan of the large interface screen of a regular Galaxy so I decided to go for the mini with the hope that it would fit better in my hand. (I have small hands for a man). Add the fact that at the Sprint store and with current plan it was a similar price to Apple&#8217;s year old models and I was sold.I was not disappointed. I browse the internet in my free time,  mostly social network sites or watching videos or listening to lectures or podcasts. When I first got my phone I did not set the bar high for download speed, but very soon after purchasing the phone I found that it quickly replaced my laptop for my downtime internet browsing. It could load hundreds of pictures as fast or faster, and stream video better than any  computer I had ever owned. At least when I have an an internet connection available to access. I have found few places in Salt Lake that are not covered on the Sprint network.Since this was my first smartphone I was a little apprehensive about learning to use the interface of a phone, I am so used to a computer that I was afraid I would miss the trackpad. I didn&#8217;t. It took me only about 5 minutes of use to fall in love with the touchscreen interface. I had no problems with worrying about what I was tapping or how it would all pop up when I called it. Every program runs smoothly when  I call it up, I have been playing a lot of sonic the hedgehog when I am waiting for my bus in the morning and I have not had a single instance of the game lagging or giving me any kind of trouble due to processor speeds. The 1.5 GB RAM is plenty for my purposes.The Google play store is great. I quickly got a hold of all the apps I was dreaming of before I got the phone, like Pandora and Google books. As soon as the apps were installed they basically take care of themselves. I get updates for them as the updates come and they run smoothly. I use the lookout security that came with the phone and it is really good. It definitely gives me the best false sense of security that any tech security program can bring (nothing is really secure in the hands of someone who knows how to hack). It even sends candid shots of people who repeatedly fail my unlock pattern. I love it!Also standard is a bunch of Sprint money grabbing apps that are trying to be as good as Google&#8217;s. Apps like the sprintzone or internet program I quickly replaced with things like the Youtube and Chrome apps and have no intention of going back. Fortunately gmail and google calender both come standard so all I had to do was input my email and everything was synced perfectly. Even Google maps was standard and it has saved my butt once or twice in the last month.The swipe entry method is still a work in progress. I have had the phone for about a month and still find myself regularly stopping what I was swiping so I can tap each letter to spell it out. It gets annoying when I swipe the word &#8220;what&#8221; for the 100th time today and it guesses something really different (after getting it the first 99).The sound on the stock headphones is crystal clear for my music (classical, for study) although I will still disconnect them to answer a call because the noise cancellation technology sometimes just leaves me confused and a little disoriented as I am talking to someone.The sound out of the back speaker is pretty good despite the lower volume, I can handle it most of the time but if I am trying to listen to some music through that over the sound of a car it lacks the power I dream of but has everything I expect considering the size of the speaker. I did get Jbl Charge bluetooth speakers and they cover all the sounds I need.The downside to streaming music or videos is that it has a tendency to drain the battery. I can go for several hours streaming music from the internet to my speakers via the bluetooth just fine. I do also have plenty of days when I can go a day and a half without a charge because I will only use my phone for calling (I am not a terribly popular person so it doesn&#8217;t say too much).I did get a Speck case for my phone and it has been dropped several times but has never lost an anything, not even a scratch when it was dropped onto a concrete driveway.In summary: I like the Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini; I would recommend it to anyone who likes a phone with a simple interface that will fit in your pocket.

I'm not happy, I got a phone that doesn't read the sim card, or is locked, I can't use it in Venezuela. I also came with a charger that used in Europe and its manuals and box are in French language. I had to pay extra money for install a program to read the sim card. NOT RECOMMENDED!

This is the best phone ever because it is handy and very fast and i don't see any lagging at all.

It's a great product with the perfect dimensions, I like it and it's pretty easy to use and configure. I could use my Sim card from Mexico

i feel the phone is just nice.... because i was expecting the 16gb version but he sold me the 8gb version and more over the price is little expensive.it could be sold cheaper for this version. over all the phone has all other features i needed.the about the delivery it was so slow, poor service. packing was not so safe.i hate this

I like too much this celephone

Excellent mobile, great capabilyties and for me the perfect size with powerful proccessor, amazing optimized battery perfomed, now i can listen mp3 more than 9 hrs and able to make calls ans sms without been recharged, i buyed with extra battery case but even needed till now. Worth the price, love it.

It is fast, and its size makes it really practical. I recommend it! It worked very good, so far. (15 days)

The phone was shipped and delivered very fast.It was in good conditions but was unlocked.I did choose this specific product the advertisement says it is a factory unlocked international version.That is not true.

I really like this phone, I like the flexibility it has meaning that I don't feel locked IN in an operating system ecosystem like apple has done. I already bought it an outterbox cover and it fits it nice. It was unlocked as advertised, and I was able to connect it through MetropPCS joined with T-Mobil network LTE (U.S), they provide me a microSIM for a $10 cost NO cutting necessary. Google this model phone and look the official UK samsung website look at the &#34;specs&#34; to match the frequencies from the website to the intended cellular network/LTE network frequencies i.e GSM/LTE frequencies. I had it small problem with Multimedia Message Service that not even the MetroPCS Reps could help me (I just had to Factory reset the phone and got everything working) The only problem that I have with this phone is that the eye scrolling down does not seem to work, but smart stay does work when you get it perfectly aligned with good lighting.

The seller says the phone comes unlocked, but that's not true. The phone is locked and I have to pay to unlock it.I need help to enter pin unlocked tells me where I get that pin

exactly what i have been looking for.Almost same S4 capabilities , a little bit smaller, good value for money.

no es liberado, its not unlocked

Excellent, I love it. It is beautiful and expires with all the functions to the perfection. My cell is Extraordinary.

The Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini is packed with features and I added a 64GB Micro SD card so now have all my music library in it,  just make sure to get a name brand Micro SD card like SanDisk. I highly recommend this phone I like it better than my old iPhone because of its larger screen, lighter weight plus I can easily change the battery or add memory.

I bought two S4 mini and had a problem with one of them and can see that the selling company (mercate group) and Amazon really cherish by customer, the unit was locked and were behind to find a positive solution. great.

my cel it's not unlocked, please i need the red security code. the phone does not recognize the sim card

It has exactly what I need and offers me the capability to carry my office with me at all times. Superb looks and runs smoothly.

fine

I love the size of the phone and it was the reason I ordered this international phone rather than going with a standard S4.  I really think it is the perfect size, not too big or too small.  I use it on the straight talk and it was very hard to get the internet working.  I had to call from another phone and several times until I got someone who gave me the right codes to put in. The speaker quality for phone calls is also pretty poor...I get a lot of echo and feedback.  The smart stay does not work, it doesn't sense my eyes at all.  I honestly don't think it's much different from my much cheaper samsung proclaim, except that it is much faster and has better screen quality if you are streaming a video.

I cheated with equipment specifications no 3G and LTE up tricked I do not recommendEstafadores estafadora estafadores estafadores estafadores

I bought a data only sim card in Japan and am getting decent speeds in Japan no problem.  The build quality and especially the screen on this phone is very nice.  The only weird thing is when I first got it a number of things in japanese came up on the screen.  I still haven't completely resolved that but it was a minor issue.  I also checked the bands on this phone and it should work well in Japan and UK and South Africa, three places I'm visiting soon.

The Cellular Phone is very good , fulfilled my expectations, so far so good, I recommend it, it is very useful, for many applications,

I received the phone but I wasn't allow to make or receive calls, I've tried with 2 different sim cards and nothing. Once I've started the return process after talking with Amazon, I was contacted by the seller and told me to factory unlocked the phone.After doing it, phone started to receive and make calls.It was not the best experience, but I got contacted by the seller and he resolved the problem.

the celphone never turn on again, the battery or phone died, overheat and i have return it, now at least 1 month waiting, very unhappy and disappointed, i just hope that people sold me that  returned me a new one, for now NOT RECOMMEND

Was excellent ! and the cellphone arrived in perfect condition

Its a good phone but i don't understand why say made in China . Not is made in USA .

Very Good, but it was set to Danish or sweden language at startup.No english instruction on how to change language, so i was blind to changedit to english.Finnally with an online translator help, i made it, and everything was ok.

I got my phone just recently and I was a bit surprised to see a lot of french apps, related to the orange company. Unfortunately this apps cant be uninstalled. I changed the language to US english and I still have some things on french.I must say the phone charasteristics are great, nice size and color. Ohh the phone brings a horrible 2 punch adaptor (black) since it's a UK phone, it's a three punch adaptor.A big plus, the phone got shipped to me on the next day and delivered on that same day.

I received the phone with all accessories and in time I was told it would receive but my complaint is that the phone came with manufacturing defects such as: is very slow, the battery will not last more than half a day without uasarlo far overheats even without using it, does not save the time and allows downloads Serbian mobile data network!

this is a great phone no complain about except for the battery it runs out very quick but beside that is great.also i think its beautiful specialy the white oneyou wouldn't regret it

Since purchasing my Samsung S4 mini haven't really put it down out of my hands or out of sight for too long..lol. People!! This phone is as I said before "awesome".After days of checking through various models I decided on this one and it hasn't let me down. Despite that it doesn't have the hover function, which I believe, had samsung added, would've truly further distant themselves from any opposition by miles. Thanks to the seller and the folks at Amazon.

the phone is locked I had to pay to unlock it, but it works well with your satisfecho con phone

S4 mini its a good phone, nice design, with feutures included in Galaxy S3, camera works great... Pretty much in love with my new phone...

It's a very good phone. It's pretty much the same size as the iphone 5 (I have made side by side comparisons) except a little bit larger and as powerful as android allows it to be. Due to the smaller screen size the battery life is great but this isn't apparent in the beginning, after a few charge-discharge cycles is that you begin to experience the real capacity of the battery. My use case is mostly this: BT audio during my commute to and from work (about an hour and a half total). Wifi on during the day at work. A lot of news reading and whatsapp. About two hours of gaming (mostly a game that makes intensive use of internet data, Battle Run) and you still have a lot of juice for the phone to last you the rest of the day.For custom roms users: for me the battery life is way worse with cyanogenmod. I have always used custom roms in my previous phones but mostly based on touchwiz. This phone is the first one where I have used cyanogenmod intensively and while I love all the power user options of the rom I was extremely disappointed with the battery life. I just could not make it through the day without having to recharge it at work and I HATE to charge twice a day, it also isn't very good for the battery's health over the long term. Also, the battery life indicator was incredibly unreliable once you reached under 20% levels. You could have 15% battery life (on stock the phone can make it home safely with that) left and after ten minutes the phone will be at 4% and turning off. I was left out hanging because of this more than once and when I needed the phone the most (as I was just going home from work). That was using default cyanogenmod settings of course (default scheduler and governor, no overclock or undervolted, etc) but most of the fancy stuff disabled (location, gps, data sync, nfc, etc) the same way I have it with touchwiz. In fairness some people on XDA forums seem to get good battery life out of this phone on cm but I don't know what kind of customizations they have used (most undervolt) or how they use the phone I'm just talking of my experience here. Me? I happen to like touchwiz, a lot actually, always have. I specially like how it looks (I don't know what all the hate is about). I even used a touchwiz theme on cm (it never looked quite as good as touchwiz though but that is expected). About the cm power options I miss? I can have them using the Xposed framework with the touchwiz-specific Wanam Exposed module (make sure you know what you're doing before meddling with it, but is mostly safe, needs root). I had never used the Xposed framework before and IT IS AMAZING. Glad I found it since I now have alternatives in case I don't find good custom roms (for this phone they're all mostly cyanogenmod-based). PS: I now posted this on my 9190 review also since that was my previous phone and all of this applies to that model too. I actually hoped that it would not apply to this one, since the developer in charge of cm for the S4 mini seems owns a 9195, which, I theorized, would make him pay special attention to how the rom behaved on it.

I was first hesitating to buy this item because of the reviews. The packaging of this product came in the Samsung box. Everything was brand new. The phone works great on t-mobile USA. The phone is unlocked. And SHOPe BEST was an excellent seller.  Highly recommend this product.-Sent from my s4 mini

Although the offer says the is factory unlocked - International Version, that was not true, the phone is locked and I will have to unlock it to use it

I received the I9192 model not the I9195, I returned the phone and already created a new order fo the I9195, I am waiting receive the correct one.

The phone arrived way before the eta! It looks beautiful! HOWEVER, the phone does not take a regular SIM Card. Only Micro sim card. I double checked with the manual that was provided and it said ONLY MICRO SIM CARD. I just emailed the seller to see if they have any available for regular sim. I purchased a International phone before, a Galaxy s3 mini, and my sim card fit like a glove. Hopeful that the seller replies soon!

The phone to uncover you'll put my microsim card, I find that it is not open bands manufactures, in short this time I could not make use of the

Definitely not for T-Mobile (my carrier) in the US as per my experience. I tested it for more than a week but signal was the real issue. I hate to return it but there's nothing I can do. I love the size, not so small and not too big..it's just right for me. I replace it with Iphone 4s and the signal was almost always perfect. FYI, I bought this as an UNLOCKED, INTERNATIONAL VERSION.

Excellent product, meet expectations and works as described. The performance of the phone is very good, and the battery life and speed of navigation. Its size is ideal, can carry comfortably in his pockets. It was definitely an excellent choice

This  SAMSUNG GALAXY S4 MINI GT-i9195 8GB-UNLOCKED International Version No Warranty White LTE 800 / 850 / 900 / 1800 / 2100 / 2600MHz (New)This blocked... ask me PIN of unlock SIM card network... is the phone that sent me the following IMEI  351616061382238/01I need the PIN to unlock it.

The phone was not delivered manufacturing as the publication says, I had problems trying to connect my telephone network and I had to pay an extra cost for it to be released.

This phone is really amazing so fast to navigate a internet, very nice touchscreen that makes easy to operate an navigate true the apps, this has a fectuares that can manage at tv control for tv,blu ray, proyector, for the price is a good product not to big like the S4 and not too small like the S3 mini have the right palm hand side with good proportions

Amazing device.I've been using it for about three months, and I couldn't be happier.It response immediately to every click. No hangs, just pure work (and fun).It is very comfortable to hold, fits in my hand perfectly.The camera works in a click - No delay between photoshots.I would also recommend to buy a matte screen protector for sleek feeling and better experience.To summarize - run and buy it :-)

It's from the UK and has foreign apps so don't purchase if your from the United States and speak English!!!

This is a awesome phone.....all the apps work great....data is deally fast and the camera is excellent. Screen resolution and clarity is great! Really happy i got myself this phone.

They say it is unlocked, but it is not!!!!! It is an european model saying that you have to use it in europe first to unlocked it. Also, they didn`t answer my messages.

It really runs fast and smooth that's my main thing I was looking for, and camera is normal nothing special, I love the size and look it's really cool just enough ram, would like to use more memory but I can buy a SD card, it can handle a lot of apps and run it fast and smooth like I said before, I was a little nervous before buying because I use T-Mobile and this phone doesn't support T-Mobiles 4G LTE band but I get H+ on T-Mobile that's pretty fast so I can't complain otherwise I recommend this phone for anyone who wants am average or high functional smartphone but not as big as the s4, by the way it's almost or exactly the same size as the iPhone 4 I just hope it will last a long time without any problems meanwhile I am using it already for 2 weeks will update if any problems.

My 16 year old daughter chose this phone after checking out the reviews.She totally loves it...says it's 'great'...and she's hard to please!

the phone doesnt work in Venezuela.It shows this message: Pin de desbloqueo de red de tarjeta sim.In amazon says: UNLOCKED International Versi&oacute;nI need the unlock codeIn the box shows an email: support@entyle.com, and says if you have any questions about activation with foreign country carriers please email us. I sent an email and I have not received any answer

this product wasnt what i bought, it said is factory unlocked and it wasnt, also said is new, and the phone came with audio problem so i guess is a refurnished cellphone.

Good afternoon.I did purchase the phone on 19 February 2014. The phone is excellent, I came to Venezuela in good condition but I have a problem because when putting on the en venzuela (movilnet) and other operators requesting me unlock PIN SIN network and I do not have the PIN, please you can send me to my email address maxhernandes@gmail.com to putting on the INS and to use the phone.Thank.

It's a great phone, great size...but it lacks some features that my old galaxy had, like: customize notifications for each application. I don't like to receive notifications everytime I receive an email, but I still want my phone to vibrate when I get a SMS or whats app message. In this phone I can not do that. it drives me crazy, I hope samsung will launch an update that solves that.

It's realy beautiful, thin, slim and not very big. I loved a function, the watch on, I don't need to get up of the bad to change channel (my tv control is broken kkk)

Okay. I was definitely worried about buying this phone at first because it was an international, factory unlocked phone. But, I really wanted the phone so I decided to go with it. When I got the phone, it looked awesome! The only sucky part was that the instruction manuals were all in French... But, &Iacute; can just watch reviews on YouTube about it. No problem. However, when I went to put my SIM card in, it would not fit. It was WAY too big for it because the phone takes a microSIM card. So crap. But I was so determined to use the phone I was not going to let that get me down. I contacted my local provider- I read reviews from other people on here that said to do so- but they weren't much help. This one lady was like &#34;Oh, you just break open your SIM card and the micro one I inside of it&#34;. I was like umm okay that's not gonna happen. So, I googled it and then found this DIY on cnet that instructs you how to make a microSIM card out of your regular SIM card by cutting it. I felt really adventurous and decided to give it a try because if worse came to worse I would just have to pay $25 for a microSIM. So,I watched the video, followed the instructions, and I did it! It was not hard to do at all. Then, I took my freshly cut miroSIM card and put it in the phone. It fit perfectly. I turned the phone on and first it couldn't find my provider but then I selected a different option in the service section in setting and up popped my provider. This phone is amazing and is so fast and fun to use. Definitely worth the money. Love it!

Because this phone is so much better than my last phone. This phones charger works great to. This phone lasts along time without charging to.

Good product. I like how long the battery lasts. The charger and owners manual did me no good as for it was international but that was expected

Works perfectly, arrived in much less time than the estimated!I love it's appeareance, it's weight, it's speed and performance.No problems so far, and it worked just fine with my Movistar SIM from Argentina...Had to cut it to make it fit and works like a charm anyways.

WOW. This phone actually fits in your hand! Although it has a 4.3" screen, it is narrower than the original Galaxy S1 (Captivate, Vibrant, etc.) as well as the Galaxy S3 mini. What else? Great specs! This is a really fast and powerful phone, WITH an MicroSD card slot. While not as fast as the full-sized S4, it is faster than the S3, and many other phones on the market. That, along with TouchWiz UI, plus the option to install CyanogenMod (Stock Android ROM), and you have a really nice phone. The only cons are the screen resolution and the bundled software. The screen is not HD, but really, it's fine. 16:9 videos look great and fit edge-to-edge. As far as software, the phone comes preloaded with a lot of garbage that cannot be removed without rooting, but it still runs fast, and the apps can be hidden from the app drawer. The phone also has NFC, eye tracking, and plenty of other gimmicks... and the price is right, so what's there not to like?

I bought this phone about a month ago for my wife. She started complaining of the phone heating up when making calls for a few minutes, after which the battery level would drain to 0%. Presently, the phone cannot be charged again since it went battery flat! I hate giving negative review

As good as S4, but cheaper and smaller. Perfect for me! I am very happy with it. The camera is really good as well

Excelent

I love, is easy to handle, its size and weight are suitable, it is what I expected, a great phone at a great price

I feel he cheated me, the seller said in the questions the celular was released but IT IS NOT! I would not recommend to anyone!

The phone says International Version UNLOCKED but you sent me an European Version locked out of europe. To use it on South America I had to bought unlock codes for 25eur... i'm very upset with this...

It works very Good!!! I recomend 100% The size is perfect!!!! I hope accept Andorid 4.4 in the next month

The cellphone works great, the only problem is the battery it gets really hot and turns off even when the battery is fully charged.

SAMSUNG GALAXY S4 MINI GT-i9195 8GB-UNLOCKED International works ok in Venezuela.  Battery is very poor.. I gave 5 stars for the seller but for the phone 3.5 because battery issue and phone overheats. I purchased 2 from different vendors and have the same issue..  Samsung The must improve duration. I have seen that Note 2 has incredible battery performance.Regards

Thank you very much for your attention and quickly solving very kindly perfect .and continue with such care in the future to other buyers

.I have just emerged from a nightmare ten days spent with this handset. It almost drove me to suicide!I should immediately declare that I am a middle-aged business phone user - i.e. I only want the mobile for calls, texts and emails plus occasional internet browsing. The Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini may be the dog's bollocks when it comes to its camera, video streaming, music and/or games (I really don't know) but I don't need any of those features on a phone. I came to the end of my 24-month network contract and was sold this handset as an upgrade from my trusty iPhone 4 which, although I know was now out of date, had nevertheless never let me down. What a mistake I made! The old adage of "if it ain't broke don't fix it" was never truer.-- COMPARISON of the key features of the SAMSUNG GALAXY S4 MINI vs the iPHONE 4S for a business user:SIZE and WEIGHT: The height/width is about the same on the two phones but not the depth. The S4 Mini, being markedly slimmer and lighter, fitted into my suit pocket more easily and didn't feel like it was bulging my jacket.&#10003; S4 Mini'HOME' SCREEN: The S4 Mini home screen is horrible. It includes annoying and intrusive adverts which constantly appear when you least want them and are difficult to stop. And trying to organise the screen layout is very complicated. The iPhone home screen, on the other hand, is a perfect example of the genius of Apple simplicity and 'visual logic'.&#10003; iPhone4SSIGNAL and CALL OUTAGES:In the few days I owned and S4 Mini I had several calls drop out and unexplained outages, even when the bars showed maximum signal. It could have been a network thing but I suspect it was the phone. The same thing had not previously happened in the same locations when I had an iPhone on the same UK network. Extremely annoying when you are on a business call.&#10003; iPhone4SCONTACTS: The display of contacts on the S4 Mini is irritating. Each one has a (blank) clip-art image frame for you to add your contact's mug shot, but that's irrelevant to me. Contacts are much easier to manage and less annoying to browse on the iPhone. However I did get used to the 'reverse video' (white writing on black background) on the S4 Mini. I'm not sure if I can change the settings on my new iPhone to do same but I keep meaning to try.&#10003; iPhone4SHANDSET LOCK: I don't know why but the screen lock on the S4 Mini kept malfunctioning, especially when the phone was in my pocket. It seemed to disengage at the slightest touch, making the notion of a 'screen lock' completely redundant.&#10003; iPhone4STEXTS: I found texting easy to get used to on the S4 Mini and, if anything, slightly better than on the iPhone 4. I especially liked the predictive text provided by Samsung which is better than Apple's version. However one downside is that I kept finding open (i.e. 'draft') texts in my outgoing messages list. Apparently the phone will automatically register a 'draft' if you accidentally hit the space bar - or for that matter any key - after sending a text.&#10003; S4 MiniBATTERY: The battery charge retention is a famous gripe of iPhone 4 users and I was assured by the store salesman that the battery on the S4 Mini was far better. In reality I found no difference at all. Both phones need charging fully every night.&#10003; equalEMAIL: I have multiple email accounts - business and personal - and the iPhone 4/4S is a dream from that point of view - easy to set them up and easy to manage. Not so the S4 Mini. The setup was straightforward enough but the layout and, in particular, updating of messages was a nightmare. I may possibly have been doing something wrong in the few days I had the handset (I am not a 'techy') but I hated the email experience with the S4 Mini. I felt I couldn't trust the phone and I was missing out on incoming messages. Worse still, some emails I sent were not delivered from the correct account or occasionally not sent at all. As a business user I rapidly lost confidence in the phone thereafter.&#10003; iPhone4SKEYPAD: I hated the screen-touch keypad on the S4 Mini. I never got used to it. Although I have quite big fingers I am a careful typist - but even so I found I had to correct up to 20% of my keystrokes on the S4 when sending emails. The keypad was erratic and unreliable, irrespective of whether the phone was turned landscape or portrait.&#10003; iPhone4SAPPS: One of my biggest gripes with the S4 Mini. It came complete with several (a few dozen) superfluous and useless apps which clogged up my screens and I couldn't seem to get rid of. Many of the ikons were simply horrible and in some cases too small to even decipher (although I realise you can make them bigger in 'settings'). The phone seemed to have been pre-set at the factory for a twelve year-old. Conversely I have always liked the Apple array of Apps, the layout and simplicity. Apple's design style is of course one of their biggest selling points.&#10003; iPhone4SBACKUP/RESTORE: One of the most important things for me - which I had taken for granted and thus hadn't fully considered before my short flirtation with the S4 Mini - is the backup facility via iTunes on my laptop and/or iCloud. I have many business contacts and always a lot of texts in my handset. It would stress me out big-time to lose them. It's so easy to sync an iPhone with iCloud/ITunes whereas when I tried to download the Samsung equivalent ('Samsung Kies') it froze my computer and, worse, came bundled with lots of horrible unwanted software and browser tools - including more bloody adverts - which I couldn't stop. It would not even uninstall via 'Add or Remove Programs'. It sent me into a mini rage and I was left feeling violated and extremely pi**ed off. That was when I decided I couldn't operate any longer with the S4 Mini'.&#10003; iPhone4SCALENDAR: In my line of work I constantly make appointments and over the past two years I had come to rely on my iCloud/iPhone synced calendar. I could enter a meeting into my office PC, setting an alarm/reminder, and the event would ping and remind me on my iPhone. It saved my business life many times! After owning the S4 Mini for a week I missed a meeting 'cos the phone didn't ping at me. I hated the calendar on the Samsung.&#10003; iPhone4SIn the light of the above which, to repeat, was my experience after only ten days' usage of the S4 Mini, I have to say that for me there is no comparison with the iPhone 4/4S. Going back to an iPhone felt like being reunited with a long-lost dearly loved relative. Maybe I would have got used to the S4 Mini in time, who knows? But the stress and frustration I would have had to go through would have most probably killed me.

The phone was locked for Venezuela and for Movistar, but I love it. I had to pay Bs 1500 for unlock. This phone is for Europe not for Latin America. It doesn`t have the adapter to charge.

I am super happily for having my cellular one, come in perfect conditions. I am charmed with it Thank you

I was looking for an unlocked version of this phone with a reasonable price and I found the StraightTrading company. It arrived on time, in a matter of hours actually. After receiving it, I realized that it wasn't unlocked. I emailed them, told them about the issue and that I wasn't going to pay to have it unlocked or I would return it. By the evening of that same day I got the unlock code. I think they know that the phones are not unlocked bcz other reviews say they're not but they sell them anyway. Idk how this reflects positively on themCustomer service is great. Very quick responses, and very courteous in dealing with the unlocking issue. 3 stars for the whole ordeal, other than that it would be 5PS. They'll ask you to remove your comments after you've alerted them of the problem

Is a great Phone, is fast, is versatile phone, we manage the dates, the phone calls, the emails, this monster make a great pics, and awensome v&iacute;deos we recomend that

it just doesn't run as expected, i had to restart it hundreds of times.don't spend your money on this

This phone is &#34; Factory Unlocked&#34;, but in my country need PIN for Unlock Network.

I received the phone with operation manual booklet written in Polish language. Amazon's customer service directed my complaint  to the supplier, Shopbest. I asked them to send this booklet in English , to my address un Israel:15 Kiryat Sefer St, (Appt 10) Haifa, Israel 34676Instead, they sent me a link to some technical details/Joseph Schlesinger

I am happy with my new Samsung cell phone. It is amazing.Thank you for all your offers.Kindly,Paola

ADVERTENCIA - WARNING !!!!!IT DOESN'T WORK IN VENEZUELA!!!! Don't purchase this phone with this scammer, they sent me the EUROPEAN VERSION and not the INTERNATIONAL now I HAVE to pay to UNLOCK IT when the seller CLEARLY SAID that IT WORKS, BUT IT DOESNT!!!!!!!!!! Mmgvos ladrones!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

I bought it to be used in Venezuela and works perfectly. Trabaja Perfecto en Venezuela, tengo linea Movistar, el telefono es una maravilla es super rapido y las aplicaciones son super utiles.

GOOD PHONE, EXCELLENT

It is the best phone I have bought. I am completely satisfied. Es el mejor tel&eacute;fono que he comprar. Estoy completamente satisfecho.

good service and good attention but the team did not get released as the description saysthe evaluation is based on the equipment is not released

Before this purchase I read a lot angry commends but I decided to have a try, and it came a good choice.Some comments mentioned this phone is unlocked for US carriers only, actually there's seal on the box say "This phone is factory unlocked for all US GSM carriers". On European netwroks, I tried three different foreign SIM card on this phone, ONESIM (UK), Vodafone (UK) and Lebara (Germany), without doing any unlock, it all works well. Even though there's another warning on the box says "Mod&egrave;le europ&eacute;en de carte SIM" (European SIM card module), but it also works perfectly on Asia's GSM/HSPA/4G netwrok. On Asian Networks, I tried CSL (HK), CMCC (HK) and NTT (Japan). Some Asian network was built on a special TDD/FDD mixed mode, like Hong Kong, so it might take up to one hour for this phone to move from HSPA+ to 4G.This phone comes with preseted French language, as some comments said before, but if you're familiar with the Android system you can find the "setting" menu and change it to English in one second, no problem as all. This phone comes with Type E/F plug-in charger, so if you use it in the US you need an adapter.

I just love it!! For now, I have no complains! It is a great cell phone!! I highly recommend it!

i love the cellphone was everything that i imagined, works perfect with my sim card, even he get 4G, i got it in 2 days after i buy, perfect state and in his original box. thanks excelent job

Great

excellent cell phone, it works perfectly anywhere in the world, is versatile, comfortable and functional for telecommunications and all installed applications

I purchased this product because I like all my other Samsung products, However, this phone, I am already having an issue. I turned it on and when I tried to use the internet without the SIM card, it immediately gave me a notice that the phone has been corrupted. It puzzled and scared me. So I turned it off immediately. I'm thinking maybe this won't happen if I had a SIM card. So I will wait until I get to use it in the Philippines next week when I insert a SIM card. I will be back for more feedback.

No wonder there is a lot of complains here regarding this phone NOT being unlocked. Buying this is a russian roullete, so beware. The seller still didn't answer my message and in fact I pretty much doubt he will. The main problem is why the f*** does Amazon continues to sell this as &#34;factory-unlocked&#34;. Pure crap.

if fulfilled with time of release, but it's actually not desloqueado for venezla, also comes with a European plug and is not what you described, and all those questions I did them before buying, not recomientendo this provider, since it offers it's not what ships

For starters, I have owned a Samsung Galaxy S4 and also own a Samsung Galaxy Note 3.The reason I bought a S4 mini was because I am an international development worker who does a lot of agricultural fieldwork in Ethiopia and didn't want to lug around my big phablet with me in the bush. I gave my (almost brand new) Galaxy S4 to my wife and held on to my Note 3. I have basically left my Note 3 on my desk since I bought this little powerhouse. It takes great pictures and has a beautiful little screen (not as sharp as the Galaxy S4 or Note 3, but once you adapt to it you won't notice) and can run all the same apps at comparable efficiency. My co-workers who have iPhone 5Ss actually admire this little beast and constantly compliment me on it.If you're choosing between a Galaxy S4, you should probably either wait for the S5 or buy this for the meantime (or as a second phone).

I live in Brazil and the phone requires an unlock code, which the seller couldn't give me yet.  Although it was sold as an unlocked and international phone, it's in fact a locked one. I've contacted the seller, who gave me some directions that didn't work. I'm still waiting for Samsung to give new directions. Meanwhile, I'm feeling very disapointed to say the least. There wasn't any warning on Amazon about the phone's being locked for use in some areas; if there was, obviously I wouldn't have ordered it. Terrible experience!

I was quite concerned about those bad ratings from customers, but I think I nailed it with this purchase; this phone is great. I'm planning to use it in the US and LATAM. If someone wants to ask something specific about how it works in some countries, maybe I could help.I'm happy to leave a five-star rating for this seller straighttrading; not only shipped my cell phone the same day was purchased regardless that I chose free shipping, but delivered an all-round good service: good packaging, excellent quality product and they solved every question I had. Everything as advertised. In second thought, the packaging could be better, but they even sent an electric adapter for 115V-60Hz standard.

great phone

Great phone, excellent quality.Two stars less because they included a european wall plug instead of a US plug, which is sloppy.

hello, my question is:Warranty is there in the U.S.? or the cell has no WarrantyThanks for your support

The phone is awesome. I haven't even seen all the stuff yet but I love it. Exactly what I was expecting.

So all in all the phone isnt too bad. I actually waited a bit after buying it before posting the review. First up, it should be known someone using this for travel should understand the phones OS more than the average joe to get it working right ( I will explain later). After having the phone for about a month and using it reguarly the phone performs well, handling most standard apps like a champ. It reacts quickly and despite its small size they keyboard is fairly easy to pinpoint what I want to type, even after coming from the Note platforms.  The phone in general responded well to running multiple apps with minimal lag, running up to 9 at the same time (facebook, ebay, translate,  pegland, clash of clans, chrome, browser, camera, and play music). There were onpy a few things I did not like. These were the incorportation of every function of the phone being available from the drag down window, a problem with the network drivers, and constant prompt when raising the sound level beyond 7. All of these are problems on the android os and can be fixed by swapping the rom or rooting the phone. To better explain my complaints, the keyboard is straight touch sensative so unlike other keyboards if you touch it it will activate, even if it is in your pocket. Too many times have I found settings will get turned on or off after pulling my phone out of my pocket at the end of a long work day, because the options on the drag down window were hit. To fix this you can simply add a lock screen through the settings tab. To explain the prompt thing, I tend to use my phone to lksten to music a lot. Whenever I am playing a tune and try to turn it up loud to hear a soft part, the screen will activate and give a warning about the dangers of listening to music loudly. If your like me you cant always pull your phone out to tap ok. It gets frustrating. The last problem I had prevented my data from working and youll notice others commented about this in the in the other reviews. This is a simple and misunderstood problem. When you firdt have the phone it is in auto mode pointing to lte networks.  If you live in the US, because ths frequency is different lte is not an option, and rather than rolling over to the other lrotocol the phone will just prompt no connection. To fix it you must go into settings network more networks and change the connection type until it is figured out if the frequencies recieved match your host country. This is where the understanding of the os comes into play.All in all id recommend this phone to people, but make sure you have the propper frequwncies broadcasted in your country to recieve a signal. Thank you for reading and sorry if there are typos, as I am posting at 5 am after studying for exams for a week.

Excellent cellphone. Recommended. Is even better than the Samsung Galaxy S3. Really smooth. I'm happy with this purchase. And works fine in venezuela. For that reason I give it 5 stars

the phone is excellent, great speed and the display is unbeatable. great buy! I dont see any problem with the phone!

Excelent, very nice...

All with this product is ok, I received a little late, two day after, but everything is fine and right

Works wonderful from Argentina, this looks like a brand new device, at least I couldn't notice a difference. This is not the fake Chinese version, it's original.

This was purchased as a replacement for my daughters old phone. It is a great phone and the best thing is that it has endured her usage and torture so far. All kidding aside, it does about everything expected.

it was what i was allowed to purchase with my annual US$300 limit set by the Venezuelan government.-It was just fine with DIGITEL. I bought my 4G USIM and then inserted into celphone! Voila !I recomment other Vzlan customers to purchase this model to do nothing else but to go direct to DIGITEL Spazio and obtain your USIM..... TO ENJOY 4G band. #SOSVENEZUELA

Very good....... its a fine product and very handy, exceeds mi expectations since I had the big G4S ........until broken

Not good fone! Had problems two days later. Plus the fone was not new it was refurbished n sold as new . I worked for digital provilon llc. 585 beramion street in brooklyn. And that all they did was sell used and refurbished items n sell it through ebay n amozon

I'm so happy with my cellphone, and the price still going down... All the functions are better than other cellphones, the camera resolution it's excellent, Ive got my better pictures ever.

I ordered the Samsung S4 mini and I'm very pleased so far. It's locked up a few times but it hasn't been a big deal I just restart it and carry on.  The cell manual was in Hungarian so I've had to figure out many of the features on my own but it's been an adventure.Nice ear-buds and a charger with an American outlet adapter were provided as well. It came as a T-Mobile cell but was also unlocked which I was happy about.  Love this little gem.

It was ok.

Really dissapointed. When I open the box everything was original but the cellphone. The cellphone looks cheap and when turned on for my surprise was a scam. Bad copy.

Until now, i have just 2 days using it, and have no complaints. The only one was that i couldn't get it on time and i had to pay another $63 to send it to my country. It took a week to get from CA to NY, which I considered was a lot of time, I had a family member in NY that had to bring it to my country, and because of that delay, my cousin left and i had to pay extra fee to send it by other carrier to my country. (I WROTE THIS REVIEW WHEN I HAD JUST 2 DAYS USING THE PHONE)AFTER 4 DAYS OF USE:When i decided to buy this phone, i checked all the reviews and the questions made to the seller and i found out, it works in my country because it match with my frequency and GHz. I bought it to use it out of USA, but I had a family that was able to bring it to my country. Due to a problem with the delivery, my cousin could not bring the phone when she returned and because of that, my aunt had to send me the phone by UPS to my country. I was avoiding paying extra fees, but at the end, I had to pay $73.30 dollars of extra fees to have it in my country. Because of that, i received the phone 28 days later than when i made the purchase.Anyway, I get the phone and i started use it and i was working very well the first 4 days, after that, the phone start to fail, the screen remained paralyzed  without making any movement, and none of the functions worked up after a while of being immobile, one of the days, the battery overheat and i had to pull out the battery fast and leave the phone off for around 12 hours.I contacted the seller telling the situation, thinking that maybe was the battery, the told me how warranty works with Samsung and the gave the steps to follow. The fact that i was out of USA, in Costa Rica, I had to contact Samsung Latin America and the will give me the places in my Country authorized to cover warranties of the Samsung items. The gave me the numbers and i went to the place hoping the will help out with the problem of the cell phone and of course using the warranty, because the phone was New, only 4 days of use. When I went to the place, they told me they were not able to help me due to 2 things: 1- The IMEI of the phone belong to Europe specific FRANCE and in my country the only cover warranties of IMEI's that belong to Latin America, that way the weren't able to cover the warranty, neither can fix the phone if I was willing to pay for it, because they can not even fix item that doesn't belong to Latin America, that way I had no choices to can fix the phone in my country.When I told the seller what happened, they never tried to help me, they just sent me an e-mail saying they will not cover the warranty and that was it. I had to speak with Amazon customer service to put a complain, and because of that, they tried to be in touch with me again (the seller), but the fact that the phone had more than 30 days since the day of the purchase, they were not able to received the phone back due to the returns policies, even when i explained that I received the phone 28 days later of the purchase and I had just 4 days using it when it started to fail.TO ALL BUYERS: PLEASE BE AWARE, when buy a phone like this one, ask the seller first the  IMEI and double check if that belong to the country you live before to make the purchase, because, i know that most of the buyers think that the sellers have to cover warranties or be responsible for defecting items, but in this case Samsung works different and warranty is based on the IMEI of the phone, and they give support and warranties only if the IMEI belongs with your country. In my case, I received a damage item and now i can't have warranty neither support..... and the seller was not what i expected.. they were not kind, neither polite, very disappointed with the seller.To all Buyers, before to make an expensive purchase, please make sure you know everything about all this issues that happened to me, that way you will not lose the money. PLEASE BE CAREFUL!

I bought the cellular mobile phone on November 2013. Now in June, 12, 2014 the Samsnug Galaxy GT-i9195 left working... Suddenly the screen powered off and now the equipment doesn't show anything..... it's dead and I am in Ecuador now. I don't know how to claim about my purchase....

This is a great phone and I love the physical size and specs! Ive had it now for some time and its works awesome! I think Samsung made a very smart move in designing this smartphone and I think think that it will make a hit. There are a LOT of people that  want a good solid android phone thats not so huge and I think this is it. Its an upgrade all around for me coming from a Motorola Arrix 4G in mic, speaker, processor, all around android experience and still about the same size.

The device is OK, but  neither the USB conector nor the USB wire works. I had to buy another one.

Excellent phone and perfect size. Light, fluid, nice-looking. Like it even more than the big s4 that I think is very bulky.

This product is very great, works just as described and the clarity is really good,  I thank you very much

I love this phone lot.It has cool feature and light weight.Seller did great job with on time shipping.

Received item promptly.  Inserted battery, charged to full.  PHONE WOULD NOT TURN ON.  Unplugged charging cable, plugged in again.  BATTERY CHARGE SHOWED AS ZERO.  Charged again.  PHONE WOULD NOT TURN ON.  Only the battery icon ever showed.  Every time I unplugged the charging cable the phone did NOTHING.  Every time I plugged the cable back in the battery showed ZERO charge.  The phone would then SHOW THE BATTERY CHARGING, and eventually show the BATTERY ON FULL 100%.  STILL, THE PHONE WOULD NOT TURN ON.  Looked up how to spot a COUNTERFEIT Galaxy, and one of the items was that the letters on the backside had a clearly embossed feeling as opposed to smoothly and seamlessly printed on the back cover.  This phone had that absolutely embossed feeling on the letters.  IMMEDIATELY sent phone back to Amazon for Full Refund.  I would say Steer Clear of this merchant!!

I had no battery samsung but a nokia and comes without headphones. I am very disappointed. Would not recommend. No guarantee because they do not provide good service.

the best smartphone, everything i was looking in a phone, is small fast, strong, have no negative details, buy this with your eyes closed

Received the phone yesterday as a replacement for my bulkier Samsung Note 2. Was immediately disappointed.1) Screen colors look pale. Definitely paler than Note 2.2) When played music sound was inferior. I compared them back to back, playing exact same song, on exact same setting. Note 2 sounds noticeably better.3) Pictures taken with this camera definitely inferior to Note 2. It may also be 8 MB, but it is not the same 8 MB.4) Had weird issue with SD card. Unmounted my SanDisc 64 GB card from Note 2 and inserted into S4 Mini. No problem at first, card recognized and worked fine. After I turned off the phone and turned it on again message "SD card removed" appeared, followed by "SD card unexpectedly removed". Phone either saw the card but did not see any files on the card, or did not see the card at all. Tried to re-incert the card - worked well for a while, but once I turned off and on the phone again same thing happened. When the card was back in Note 2 it had not problem, which can only mean one thing - problem is with S4 mini.I can see here the description states that SD card up to 32 GB is OK, but the manual says that it should be able to take cards up to 64 GB. I considered buying another card, but decided not to take a chance. Given overall poor performance I have decided to return the phone and get S4. For 200 dollars extra you get the best phone on the market, superior in every aspect.The only good thing - it is, indeed, amazingly light and small. Applications run smoothly. I guess if it was the only thing that mattered I would have kept it.

This was an xmas present for my partner and in other cases the feedback on the product indicated re-flashed or unlocked units with carrier branding. This was not the case with this device and it was unblemished and factory fresh in sealed box. Delivery was on time and suitably boxed for safe shipment. It was the ideal replacement for Galaxy S in terms of form factor but with the enhanced performance and os. The missus is delighted!

offers everything that is required of a smartphone at a reasonable price, without going to the top end. The materials, its screen and other hardware and its performance have been tested for more than a week at full capacity.Something that stands out and seems to be a little above the midrange terminals is the feel of the buttons.

I ASK FOR A UNLOCKED PHONE I WATH I GOT WAS A EUROPIAN VERSION SO I DONT RECOMEND THIS PRODUCT AT ALL

Easy to use, small, compact and versatile. It did not come with an extra sd card, but it has enough internal memory for apps.

this product is really good even though it is not for me,i bought it as a gift to my friend ,she really loveiit.what i concered before i will get something fake or something like that. This is what expected to see .

I have not had problems with the phone, but I should have read better the ad because the International version charger is for Europe (I guess) I had to buy another charger, but it was my fault.

The phone is locked, does not work internationally! Please send code unlock urgently! It is not no international version. Unlock PIN code request!

friend, the team reached me in perfect condition physically, but I think that comes with a new computer failures wifi as I fix that? the wifi does not turn I'm really annoyed with this issue I hope your prompt response..

Worth the wait, believe the hype! Great phone.Lags a little bit but still perform as expected. It is very light and in the size I want!

It's so perfect the phone. I had a iPhone. I changed for Samsung cause iphone never figure out the problem with them. It's thin and quick for download the programs

Its a beatiful cellphone and it works in Venezuela very well, i only see 1 detail, its dont have a charger for venezuela, that is bad.

This is a wounderful cellphone. It met my spectations for all aspects!! I strongly  recommended to anyone worldwide. It works perfect in Ecuador.

One of my best friends bought this phone as a xmas present for me. He lives in Tx and i live in Dominican Republic. The phone is original and is unlocked works in any company here in DR. I feel bad for those ppl that got the wrong one or one with several problems. Thx God is not my case, Funny thing is that came from Samsung.It totally seal. It was a great purched can't ask for more is the best xmas present ever!!!

I bought it to be used in Venezuela and works perfectly. The size is perfect too. I had a chinese S4 replica before and found it too big to carry in your pocket.Camera is great, very good reception and internet is very fast.

the phone its not unlocked please you has to be honest in Venezuela it not easy find dolars i lose that monney please tell me de name of de original carrier to try the imei unlock for try to used and not lose everything

Well made small phone, good looking screen and good performance, My only minor dislike is that it is a little thick. Thicker than the S4 and iphone 5. No LTE on at&t but still gets good performance on HSPA+

im unable to used because is locked to european sim cards only, i'd be ok when the phone is unlocked and then i can change rate

When this came out, I was concerned about two things: the screen and processor. I'm not going to go through the full specs, you can find that elsewhere. But for the screen, I, like most people, was a bit disappointed that it did not have 1280x720, which would've brought it at least relatively close to the ppi of its full size brother. But I have to say, the 960x540 is really not bad at all, in fact, the 256 ppi of the S4Mini (which, by the way is nearly the same as the ipad's "retina" screen of 264 ppi) makes text decently clear. The colors really pop and the screen is very bright, I would argue as much as the full size S4.The processor (dual core instead of the full size's quad core) is pretty much the same story, for nearly all activities it is very responsive, the only times I have encountered noticeable lag is running games like temple run 2. With a standard picture wallpaper, this very rarely happened, running a complex live wallpaper and other apps made it somewhat more regular. For me this is not a deal breaker as I almost never play games, and everything else ran very smooth.Overall the phone is truly a 4 out of 5, the specs are good enough to make it very enjoyable, but some obvious and easily executable changes to the specs (those mentioned above) could have made this an excellent 5 out of 5 phone, which is sad. If you buy it at the right price (which I feel is around/at least $200 off the full size S4), you will be happy with the phone in and of itself. Though, we all compare, so if you hold it next to a full size S4, you can definitely notice the sharper text and zero lag on the S4. Unless you are always holding an S4 in your other hand, I truly think you won't feel like you are "missing out."Some of my favorite updates: I upgraded to this from the S3 mini (which I got to test out the android waters since my iPhone shattered upon first drop). Aside from the screen (which is a huge step up), most of the things I like the best are software related. I've been very impressed with the camera, especially because of the camera modes...night mode is excellent, it removes the grain from low light shots and leaves colors perfect which would otherwise be distorted with the flash. Organizing photos with folders is great. Also the new lock screen is very nice. Swiping across the clock (top portion of the screen) will bring you to the camera instantly, and/or any widgets you define, like the music player. You can also set these widgets as the default lock screen. I only wish you could have more than one lock screen widget per page.

I have used this cell phone for 1 month, so far so good.It is light, with proper size. The battery can stay for &#62;36 hours. The signal is strong.The camera is some weak compared with my previous iphone, but it is not an issue for me since I use DSLRs.The android system is not that bad, different from what I have heard.Sufficient for me, so far, quite happy with it.

I selected one star, because i don't recommend the seller.He sent me an incorrect battery, the battery is the other model of phone.I don't have way to communicate with him.

THE PHONE DOES NOT WORK IN VENEZUELA, IT IS NOT UNLOCKED !! DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY, THE PHONE IT IS NOT GOING TO WORK PROPERLY !

Beatiful case and functioning very well. Remember International version have european charger connector and american adapter included. Flawless functioning. I have two mini s4 (9192 and this one). This was made in Vietnam so the battery conector is slightly different to 9192 version (from china). Both are very amazing phones. Highly recommended

Although the offer says the is factory unlocked - International Version, that was not true, the phone is locked, I need the pin unlock network sim card please send it to me as soon as possible, I am from Venezuela

Very cool phone. I like it alot.

Security seals were open, not just receive my product in that state, I buy a new product is not open product.The phone is faulty, the battery runs out very quickly and the phone turns off constantly....

Good evening, I address you for the reason that when you get the equipment you buy will not come in the original box samsumg, does not bring the original stack and does not come unlocked because when putting on the chip from my operator in Venezuela (Movistar) does not work; I do not think it's fair to say that the computer is one way and the reality is different and really send him to unlock inplica here in my country and other expenses paid for a product that supposedly came unlocked (international version), in relation to phone so little that I saw works well and is the version offered.because I'm unhappy because the product did not arrive as it was.I like the phone and get at least what I do not like is that nowhere was saying that the phone would not come in original box, without original battery and not actually unlocked.I would not really recommend it to anyone and each see things so much da weighing, so I want an answer as to the team and I leave so many doubts.

not if there is another way you comunicarcegood greetings from Venezuela that problem so late delivery arrival of my product when I receive it in my hands was the phone with the split screen and will not start for any event or product is not served it badly if you can not do something for the product as it is lost to me hope your early reply thanksYORDY SOLORZANOyordysolorzanop@hotmail.comfrom venezuela, caracas

It comes with all bands unlocked works perfect in all operators in venezuela . This mobile uses a microSIM card

This phone works well on my Walmart Family Mobile. I have not had any issues using it here in La Marque, TX! I must say I was a little concerned when I first purchased it and thought that maybe it would not work here, but I have had it for almost a month and it works very well! I will do another review after a few months.

This phone is great, it came in perfect conditions with all its accessories. I was afraid of buying it because of some reviews written here but I decided to give it a try, I must say I don't regret it. Reasons why I'm giving it 5 stars: It's NEW, It's the original gt-i9195 it is NOT a cheap clone, it works perfectly on 4g netwoks, it is UNLOCKED I've used this phone in the UK, Germany, France and Canada it works perfectly. Also, the package of the phone didn't come open, it arrived on time and so far I haven't had any problems with the phone. This is the phone I was expecting and I haven't got complaints at all, the only thing I'd suggest is that if you're buying this phone from the UK you are going to need to buy an adaptor for the charger as the original charger is made for EU socket only, but that's not a problem.

Very happy with this purchase! A new phone with all advertised accessories including an adapter for US use! AND phone was unlocked just as it says!Seller: Shopebest

Love my new phone, the only issue is I got it with the box open, don't know if it was on my end cause my shipping address is in Miami, but it has to be Delivered in the Virgin Islands, so don't know if it was Customs here that open it. overall loving it so far, will give an update in a few months.

This is not a unlocked phone. This a European version.This phone have a region lock. Doesn't works it in U.S.A. o Latin America.

sorry but the product does not cover my expectative, now i have to spend a lot of money to unlocked this phone....

It is fabulous!

All I get full and sealed and wonderful lyrics. Highly recommended. and also who buy it to give 5 stars Straight Trading, Inc.

The phone works very well, but the headphones are awful. I don't think Samsung has tested it before placed on the market. If you are going to use it when you are running, you should buy another headphones, because the friction with the air don't let you hear anything.

If you're lucky and you get this phone, it's great. But BEWARE of fraudulent sellers (e.g. S***TY_Services_WORST_Practices)Let's face it. Someone buying am "UNLOCKED International Version No Warranty " phone, is doing it for only one reason: To use it outside the US.So a crook seller sees an oportunity to commit fraud: Let's sell them some $50 used cel phone with a sticker that says i9195 for $300 and when they noticed they where ripped off, they'll be out of the country and won't be able to complain.That was almost my story. Luckily I was able to notice ON TIME, that the model number behind the battery was for an used S7562 (a $50 cel) and not a new  i9195 (a $300 one). The worst was that this is a fraud and not an error, since the sticker outside said i9195. They know what they where doing, and they do it on purpose, to criminally cheat us. I tried to contact the seller, but they didn't want to solve the problem, they even  insulted me. Luckly, I contacted Amazon and they refunded me the money and I bought it again in another seller, and got the i9195 I wanted (which is great).  But I was almost ripped of by this "Quality_Services_Best_Practices" crooks.  Do you want to risk buying from crooks like these?Read the other reviews for this phone. And you'll se some happy people and some angry ones. This is not due to the phone itself. Some sellers are S***TY_Services_WORST_Practices and they commit fraud to people, hoping they can't complaing from abroad.The i9195 is a GREAT phone, just google i9195 review and you'll see. But you are reading this review, because you pay for the phone YOU GET, and at first I didn' get what I ordered.Be extremely aware from what seller you buy this "international" phone, because some are just waiting to rip you off

That's was the reason for that rate. Still not receiving the cellular and I tried to find out what's happened and nothing, no news!!

I bought a samsung s4 mini and they sent me a samsung galaxy young. and I came to Venezuela this week as would do was to make the return

The phone is incredibly... Small as me... Totally recomend it.. I was a Bb user, and I am totally happy for the change to Samsung

thanks for promote your product, but did not come all the operators released as I said in the product description, I hope it is more responsible about it, thanks for everything

before buying this team had doubts because I had opinions that did not work in Venezuela and safe me! Today I went to remove the product still in doubt, but when I got home, lit it and it worked perfectly ... I recommend gentlemen, there is no doubt that all excellent!

I see a lot of reviews saying that the phone is not unlocked but mine came unlocked and it's working well on T-mobile (3G+, no 4G) in the Philadelphia, PA area. For all those wondering, I got mine from Open Group Wireless with fulfillment by Amazon. The phone is from Orange, France, but in the initial set up I chose English as the language which made all the rest of the set up easy. I didn't have problems with the configuration with the T-mobile network. All I did was to get a micro SIM card and insert it. The phone is awesome! Great size if you are looking for a normal size phone! I am not new to Android or Samsung (my previous phone was a Samsung Ace) so working with the phone has been easy. And it's so fast that makes me wonder why I didn't change my phone before! It's fast even when I am using the 3G+. I have only two main problems with the phone that made not to rate as a 5 stars. First is that my Bluetooth is not working. I googled and I found that it seems to be an usual problem for phones with Bluetooth 4.0 and running Android 4.2.2.  Since the rumor says that this phone is getting an upgrade to the Android KitKat in June, I will keep the phone and hope the upgrade can fix it. My second issue is the battery. It's awful!! It doesn't last a full day! I have been trying to be conscious about the battery usage and turning of features I don't need, but it's still bad. Be prepared to carry a charger with you. Overall, I am happy with the purchase and experience with Amazon/Open Wireless Group and would recommend this phone. Battery seems to be an usual problem for smart phones, so we just have to learn how to deal with it.

I have received this phone, which is a French version with software from Orange installed on it. Once I have inserted my Israeli SIM card into it, the message center # was set on Orange in Israel, since I have a different service provider, I couldn't receive text messages. It was impossible to change the center's # ("unable to change center's #" was the phone's message), and I had to return it back to Amazon. Beware when you buy this product as it is not certain that you'll be able to use it.

This Samsung galaxy S4 mini is not unlocked version, does not work in Ecuador, now I have an expensive paperweight

the s4 mini is a great phone very good screen very fast but the battery down very quickly. Samsung s4 mini

I am returning it because I ordered this phone and WIRELESS EXPERTS sent me a OPEN BOX PHONE, sealed security tape was broken, a white sticker was affixed over the original seal trying to conceal that,  also a false original description decal was put over the original factory one.Plus this S4 Mini is from ORANGE CELL COMPANY (I think from UK) ORANGE LOGO is on the BOX.IT IS NOT AN INTERNATIONAL VERSION.DO NOT BUY IT FROM WIRELESS EXPERTS INC. THEY WILL MAKE YOU WASTE YOUR TIME.IF YOU RECEIVE A S4 MINI WITH THIS DESCRIPTION RETURN IT IMMEDIATELYIN MY OPINION THIS IS A RIP OFF , THANKS FOR AMAZON.COM for having such a great returning policy.By the way, I have pictures of everything I am writing here.

First,it's refurbished,because it has two seal labels on the box.Second, the SIM card can not put into the SIM card hole.

Is a great phone, the size is perfect. Is relatively fast, the only thing I don't like is that the camera is slow.

It's all good. Samsung mini s4 a great phone. Total agree with the terms of product and the internal funtion, doesn't has any problem Thanks

This is an Great phone! really works great. processing is fast, works great with GSM networks Venezuela. I have no complaints. It's a great big mobile. Very good expereince

I could not use the phone in Venezuela or Panama, even though I bought unlocked internationally and despite several attempts to to unlock it.Additionally I had to pay $ 111 for the return shipping cost.It was a sad experience.

im writing this review specially because i was so worried thinking that my phone wouldnt work in my country just because i had read reviews saying that it didnt come unlocked.... but let me say something... this cellphone works perfectly, i just put the the movistar microsimcard and immediately it started working... so if you are from vzla and you are not sure about buying this cellphone, go ahead and buy it...!! it really comes unlocked and you wont have to pay anything to make it work...! the only reason why im giving the cellphone four stars is beacuse it brought a few applications that make me think this cellphone is not completly new...! i had to erase those games and now im pretty happy with my cellphone..!

Worked for three days. Tried turning it on one day, never turned on again. Tried everything to get it to work, just didn't want to turn on.

Love the phone. It works quite well. However, was not happy that the manual was in another language. Unfortunately for me, I only speak and read English.

Excellent phone, I made a good buy I like my Samsung S4 mini shipment was very fast and responsible, I recommend it. . .

I love this mobile!!! Its size is perfect (iPhone's size) and it's really fast. I'm always running several applications at the same time and it won't mind!I higly recommend it! It's iPhone's best rival!

This is a great phone.  Very responsive with a vivid display.  The phone size hits the sweet spot.  Large enough to work with apps, videos, etc.  while small enough to be handled easily with one hand.  While the larger phones are better suited to watch videos,  I'm more interested in using it with useful apps and,  of course,  as an actual phone..... :)Key features of this phone that sold me is the ability to add up to 64gb of storage with its micro sd slot and the removable battery.It's great to easily be able to replace a failing battery, or simply be able to carry a spare battery if you find yourself unable to recharge your phone when your traveling.I purchased 2 unlocked phones and one of the phones was not unlocked when I received it.  I've seen others complain about this and having to pay to get them unlocked.  No need to pay to fix this.  I called up the Seller (Open Wireless Group) and they gave me the unlock pin number over the phone.  If your Seller does not do this for you,  simply return the phone to Amazon since it was not what you ordered.

take long, but is understood to be by the carrier. is satisfied with the delivered product. thank you very much..cell phone but I get the color is not wanted

There are many good reviews and a few bad so I decided to weigh the odds and purchase. The phone was in good cosmetic condition upon arrival.Upon startup, the default language was French. This was an alarm as I had noted from another reviewer that the local Samsung repair center (Caribbean) would not service these as they are from another zone.Worse: the receiver speaker was not working! After some digging around, I realised that there was a bad connection at the speaker which would work if the speaker was pressed firmly against the case. This appeared to be an uncommon problem globally and I contemplated contacting the supplier for action but realised that cost of return within warranty period may exceed the cost of the unit since I reside in the Caribbean.I decided to forego the warranty and dismantled the phone and confirmed my speaker was faulty. I was able to pad the space between the speaker and the case and reassemble. It works fine now!This is the risk that Caribbean shoppers take when purchasing directly from the USA but it usually is still cost beneficial. Perhaps I just got a bad apple from the orchard.

Excelente

It perfectly work for me in Argentina

My phone works perfect in Venezuela! As soon as I got it I placed the simcard and it worked immediately.

I recommend adding additional memory other then that excellent phone works fast battery last forever just cannot find urban protector cover for it

I bougth this phone after read some coments about it. I decided to take the risk because the seller SHOPEBEST has had so many positives coments about it. The phone came in a sealed box, its Samsung original and fully unlocked. Im using whit Movilnet and setup 3g whitout problems. I recomended this phone whit this seller.

Item delivered on time, excellent.

PHONE DOES NOT WORK IN VENEZUELA, is not unlocked. And places that it is unlocked and a lie. So do not spend money on this phone that will not work.

I bought it because it's very clear in the advertisement that it's unlocked phone international version.When i put a Philippines or Caribbean sim it says sim locked. I don't know what to do with this phone. I am leaving on US heading to Philippines & I don't know how will I return the package.

Fine very good is a phone amazing and wonderful Yours page is fabolous always buy Yours products and the sale off course

Is excelent, i love it because I just had to put my Sim and it worked immediately. Really served anywhere in the world.

This phone has everything I needed. It was a Good price. It worked right away. I like all the features.

This is my first smart phone and I am enjoying exploring its capabilities, which are impressive by the way. Still learning its many functions but it is great in terms of value for money. Did I mention that it can fit comfortably in my pocket? For me that is a big plus.

Fantastic phone. Exactly what I wanted!  I didn't want a phone that was too big or bulky. The screen is crystal clear and the functions quick. Call quality is great and apps work well. this is my third samsung phone and I continue to enjoy their wonderful products. It arrived within two days, was sealed and came with a headset (with ear inserts) charger and adapter for USA. Strongly recommend it.

Hi, sorry for the delay in responding. I wanted to tell them that this was no more, the best purchase that I have made in these times. Phone covers all the expectations I had about it and many more. I recommend it because it is fast, the display offers a very good sharpness, the camera has an excellent resolution. It also has internal memory of 8 GB and external via MicroSD.

I just got my new samsung galaxy S4 mini 19195 Wow, it's just awesome and i must tell you that i am very satisfied with it. Though the manual and instructions came in French language but thats no biggy. It is all you need in a phone. The size fits very well both in hand and pocket. I have no regrets buying this phone and i must say it is worth the price. The features are awesome and the image quality is just perfect. I recommend it for any one looking for a smart Android phone.

I bought this phone, because it is supposed to be the &#34;international version&#34; and I wanted to used in Latin America. I got the European version, now I'm traveling tomorrow, have to return the cellphone and I don't have time to buy a new one. DON'T TRUST this seller, if we live in America he must specify that the cellphones that he is selling are European !! COMPLETELY DISAPPOINTED

this cellphone is locked it's a bad seller because is no true... my cellphone is locked, and the page say ( unlocked from factory)....

The battery dies very fast even when I am not using it. When I got the box it was already open. Please contact me concerning this.I am disappointed.

I needed a lighter phone than my Google Nexus and was very close to getting an iPhone 5 due to the size and weight, but thankfully a colleague told me about the S4 mini before switching over!  This phone is absolutely awesome.  I am one of those people who HATE big screen phones, so this is a Godsend for me.  It's fast.  Perfect size.  Light.  Built extremely well for a "mini" model.  Many many features.  It's the perfect iPhone killer and has a much lower radiation output too.Its SAR rating (radiation level) is hardly 0.33 watts per kilogram of body mass (on a scale of 0 to 1.60!). Phones with such a low SAR rating are very rare, and much lower than the iPhone 5 which is a whopping 1.6 watts per kilogram!The best part, it's UNLOCKED so you can use tethering all you want with no extra charges.  Just be warned, LTE may not work on many carriers so check that ahead of time.  Mine runs on AT&T; HSPA+ and I'm happy with the speed.Don't listen to the bad reviews here.  People complaining about the Micro SIM are just delusional, any major carrier will provide a new SIM for free.  Just make sure you get a SAMSUNG SEALED PHONE or send it back!  The first one I received was not sealed and wasn't even LTE.  Amazon exchanged it for the right one.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!

My son love it he says super cute and service is fast, even in another country,, and he said he just insert a sim card all the way working, is really amazing,,

The feature of the phone specified clearly that it is unlocked and international version but it is locked. I demand that you should send me the password to unlock it or send a new phone unlocked to change this.

nice phone does everthing i need and some. and not to big fits in my shirt pocket. and my cup holder in the car.

I regret buying the phone.I should have considered some of the honest reviews here before I went ahead.I found my old galaxy s vibrantfar better than this galaxy s 4 mini 19195.You struggle hard to click a news item you want to read.it's worth far less than the price to meNext time I am buying anything, I will consider only the cons before I make a any stupid choiceit messed up my sim cardit came with apps written in frenchunlike my old galaxy it doesnr vibrate while typing on the key board.it freezes sometimes

I write zero rate for this product i bought this product from amazone two monthes and i travelled to egypt and i could not use it beacuse it was locked and need to open its code i paid much money to open it it i sold it factory unlocked but i think some mistake from seller

I bought this cellphone for my sister. I think that it work for her. I didn't hear nothing bad about it, and she seems happy.

I live in Venezuela and here it works without problems. It has good reception and works fast. The camera is excellent. I recomend it a lot.

Ecellent phone and camera but battery runs out to quick.

Nice screen. Very easy to switch from France to English. Software and apps updated smoothly. Good speed, noticeably faster than my wife's S3. Perfect size for someone who needs to put his/her phone in a pant pocket.

Excellent phone I was very happy with when I received it. Display and camera far surpasses my expectations. I purchased this in preparation for a sudden and temporary stint overseas whose country runs on a GSM network. Perfect size and great functionality are my primary comments for this phone. Recent Region-locking of newer Samsung units (including the one I received)...

Excelent phone. A excellent delivery service. Only a comment the charger conection need a adapter to conect at the electrical conection this is include in the package but i prefer didn't request

The Galaxy S4 Mini is just as big as an iPhone, and it does a lot more, too! BEWARE! The samsung seal on the package is to fool you; the phone was already used, but probably just to unlock it. The phone is in a like-new condition, so no worries. The phone I got was also from france, but it's not a big deal because you can simply change the region, time zone, and the language to english.

El tel&eacute;fono fue recibido, pero el mismo no esta desbloqueado. Tuve que cancelar una cantidad considerable de dinero para el proceso de desbloqueo. No me parece justo ofertar algo que no es real. Deber&iacute;a reembolsarme parte del costo por vender algo que no es lo ofertado.The phone was received, but it is not unlocked. I had to remove a considerable amount of money for the unlocking process. It does not seem fair to offer something that is not real. Should reimburse part of the cost to sell something that is not offered.

SAMSUNG GALAXY MINI GT-i9195 S4: at every turn in an excellent team but does not have all the functions and features of its big brother. well for me this a modern phone and it does its job well, and the size is perfect for people who do not like big phones. and it is best that works perfect in Venezuela with all operators and LTG of digitel is great! I recommend it if you are considering one of these does not think more

It is fast, has a crisp and colorful display, has NFC and 4G and external card option (solves storage problem). Very nice phone with a few minor glitches.On the down side- battery won't last long with regular use- battery happens to overheat (although rarely)Overall very good value for money - even better now when it is significantly cheaper than 8 months ago.

Indeed - nothing wrong with the device but I hate the fact that Amazon Prime is turning into a concealed e-Bay and this review appears to be the only way to express it.The device was brand new in a sealed box and originally meant for T-Mobile in Hungary. Instructions, default language settings and power adapter all perfect if I was in Hungary but I am not and I do not speak Hungarian either. Really not all that significant issues but I thought I could trust Amazon Prime description to be accurate and to not sell items, which really cannot be used out of the box in the country they are being sold (in this case because of the power adopter)Since it was meant for T-Mobile Hungary (no logo on the outside of the box but you can see it on the initial splash screen when powering the device up) I suspect any software updates to the device will be coming to the device if an when T-Mobile Hungary decided to push them out.  ... (Well, unless you root the device and install something else on it)Otherwise the device came unlocked but I cannot tell if it was factory unlocked or not. It could be that T-Mobile Hungary do not lock their devices at all. Either way the unit I have received appears to be working with ATT for now.

Lo recomiendo 100%

They sent me the wrong model. I bought the 4G model I9195, but instead they sent me the cheaper version I9192. I'm really dissapointed.

This little thing packs a good punch..if you dont like holding a huge phone to your head..get this little device.. the other thing i like is that its an android phone not iphone..

When I got the phone, it looked awesome! The only instruction manuals were all in italian and need  for spanish.  Very disappointed. I returned to back this item.

I was nervous about ordering an international phone but I'm so glad I did because I have no regrets! This phone works perfectly in the US. I brought my old sim card to a TMobile store hoping to transfer my data onto a micro sim card but their system was down. I couldn't wait until the next day to go back to the store so I went home, found a YouTube video on how to cut sim cards into the size of a micro sim card, and within minutes, I was using this phone like a pro!

I owned the S3 mini and thought it was time to upgrade.  Surprised at the quality of this product.  Faster than the S3 mini, much much lighter and the ladies say its sexy (*wink *wink)....a must buy!!

This set can gather many useful apps without loosing performance, but I'm still exploring possibilities and functions. The other point is that I haven't had any chance to check its prime function, as a phone, since so far I couldn't install a SIM card on it. My older SIM card, witch is on a Samsung Galaxy SIII mini is a minicard, whilst the  Samsung Galaxy SIV mini requires a Microcard, so I have to proceed to change the older SIM Card by a new, SIM microcard.

I have T-Mobile and live in the Philadelphia area.  The coverage is not bad. The internet speed isn't LTE but its fast enough for me and I run it on wifi mostly anyways.  Besides the coverage, the phone is absolutely amazing. Everything I wanted in a phone for an affordable price.

When I try to use my phone abroad the country I couldn't and I think the UNLOCKED was a fake. I contact the reseller and says to me how to solve the problem without extra costs. I really like the phone, and also like is Dual band, 3G and 4G, and really likes the support of the provider.

the phone never came to my hands, but received the same box with all accessories but without the phone inside. try claims and lost my money.

After buying this Factory Unlocked, International Version and try to used, a SIM UNLOCKED CODE was requested...I contact seller &#34;Sold by mercate group&#34; they answer back next day apologizing and ask for IMEI and S/N to obtain FREE CODE and I did not get any answer back... almost a month later an 5 or 6 mail to them asking for status on my request, decide to return it and clasify them NEGATIVE....very unsatisfied costumer ...

This phone is not unlocked, don't works in venezuela. . . I also buy it, and I lost my money.

i love this item, anyway i buy 3 at work perfect, work in venezuelan red, and good price! i recommended!

It works with my sim card but it comes linked to orange, a french company, so it brings a lot of software useless for me

I have read many posts that have sent the wrong models to pay for the I9195 model and I really hope that this model can get my hands because denounces false advertising'm from Venezuela and hope I do not take bad news when you open the box Greetings

I was obviously concerned about an unlocked international smartphone purchase. However, everything activated perfectly with 4G on ATT network! Phone arrived the next day in sealed box with correct i9195 model S4 Mini. I had to change the language to English on the initial startup screen, but all other setup was straight forward. I had to trim my existing SIM card down to fit in this phone, which again was not an issue and retained all SIM contacts from previous BB phone. The phone came with instructions to configure the phone to connect to ATT, but 90% of the settings were already configured on the phone and actually connected without needing to change anything. Box also included an adapter for US power adapter. I cannot think of anything bad to say about this purchase or the phone! My wife is happy with it, so life is good!

Great phone, works perfectly in Venezuela with Movistar and Movilnet. Excellent screen, colorful high definition, and sound alike. I recommend it 100%.

Very satisfactory...phone works with ready sim as well. Clean phone. Looks very brand new, came in on time. I would recommend to anyone.

This phone is really amazing so fast to navigate a internet, very nice touchscreen that makes easy to operate an navigate true the apps, this has a features that can manage at tv control for tv,blu ray, proyector, for the price is a good product not to big like the S4 and not too small like the S3 mini have the right palm hand side with good proportions

It is not too small, not too big. Powerful enough for all my apps (and i use them a lot).It came with a yellow flip cover which i really appreciated.

This phone it is great and very easy to use, the phone it is ready to use any sim in all contry.

I commented earlier that I was enjoying the phone's features but not until I tried fitting a SIM card in the phone. Guess what, the slot is too small. This phone is useless to me. I'm soooooo disappointed. I will have to return it. How could they have described it as an international version? This is so wrong.

The S4 wasn't unlocked when it arrived but Mercategroup took responsibility and help me unlocked the phone free of charge.The phone works well with MOVISTAR in Venezuela and Colombia, but sometimes rarely it  freeze and need to be restarted, besides that i haven't found any other problem.

This phone has all the basic apps already pre-installed, plenty of room to install plenty more and fast access to all of them. Endless features make this your best price-quality ratio purchase.

I just love my new GS4 mini. I didn't want to have the big size S4 and having the mini option just come perfect to my needs. The phone is beautiful and have all the features the big one has. This phone is really nice, the screen is a little smaller than I thought it would be. I just up sized the front one level and it's much better now. I have it synced to my Samsung camera. Nice feature to have. Overall, great phone for the price!

The phone is pretty good, zero details, all accessories included, it had no problem with Movistar (Venezuela) bands. It arrived on time in Miami. Nothing more to say, I'm happy.

This handset is the perfect size and has just about all the features of the regular Samsung 4 .The motion gestures are not as responsive as described,so far the dial by watching phone no and placing by ear is the only one that's worked according to manual but overall very good performance.

Smaller than S-II that it replaced but much better product. Screen amazing, performance too, and with LTE I'm future proofed. Only problem so far is Samsung WatchOn (IR blaster for TV) I have homes in USA and UK but application can't cope with that - I have to delete USA room to set up UK and vice versa

Good product and excellent service. Very compact and light wight. Bought it for my niece and she loves it. A+++

Bueno

Large screen with 2 cameras makes video chat more enjoyable. Touch screen software is one of the best I have used.

The Phone Wasn't unlocked as advertised it is incorrect  to describe the product as unlocked. it Works ,but is locked away

I purchased the phone in September and it constantly seems to overheat sometimes to the point where it drains all the battery life out of the phone. It's quite a strange phenomenon and I would like some kind of clarity to these occurrences. I'm unsure whether this is an isolated problem with this specific phone model or if any blame can be attributed to the supplier.

Excelent and powerfull cell phone....I am very happyMini S4 9195 Samsung is beautifull. Is the best smart phone.

Great phone but not fully compatible with T-Mobile.  Phone is new unlocked, clean ESN and 4G LTE compatible.  Issue with T-mobile getting 4G support.  You must have a T-Mobile branded phone to get on their 4G LTE network.  Can only get 3G but can get on the LTE in certain areas where T-mobile has established their free wifi services.

I bought this cell phone for more than a year and it looks really good until now what I do is changing its cover every 6 months for protection from scratch and as accessories.

I've never actually owned a smartphone until now; I was able to make do with my iPod touch and $20 Go-phone. With the iPod deteriorating in quality, I decided it was time to move on and catch up with the times. After much deliberation, I decided I'd purchase an unlocked phone to use with Straight Talk - cheapest individual plan I could find. Additionally, I decided, since I am an avid music fan, I'd need a phone with expandable memory so I wouldn't have to pay out several orifices for a large-memory iPhone. I searched, did some slight spec skimming, considered my fairly low budget, and decided to go with this phone. Some reviews made me a bit worried, namely the people who seemed like they weren't getting what they ordered...BUT my choice was fantastic. I got EXACTLY what I expected. An unlocked S4 mini, brand new. The phone itself is very attractive looking, and quite easy to figure out by yourself without sacrificing the ability to customize. The camera works fairly well. Nothing spectacular, but well enough to be used casually in most circumstances. The battery life isn't anything special either, but it's not abnormally bad - I simply use it a lot. Aside from the two aforementioned average features, there is really no other bone to pick with this product. It delivers what features I'd expect from a smartphone and all while looking pretty darn nice. Definitely glad I picked this over an iPhone - getting an equally good product from my point of view, if not better, depending on opinion, and saving a few hundred bucks at the same time.

Very happy with this purchase! A new phone with all advertised accessories including an adapter for US use! AND phone was unlocked just as it says!Seller: Shopebest

Cellphone works as advertise, I  activated with T-Mobile with no problems at all. The phone is easy to use, and pretty fast, and the size is just perfect. Thank you so much!

French instructions, European charger, SIM card did not fit into card slot, otherwise brand new, but had to send it back

The biggest disappointment to me is the screen. I understand that Samsung needed to reduce the size in order to shrink the phone's footprint, but it dialed the resolution back to 2011. The rest of the hardware looks good and functions well. Voice calls are generally good, signal performance was adequate, and battery life delivers a day's worth of use.The software is nearly as advanced as the full-sized phone, but nixes some of the features for reasons unknown. For example, Smart Stay and Smart Scroll are gone, but you can still use Face Unlock. The TouchWiz user interface is as flexible (and complex) as ever. The camera offers plenty of neat features, but loses the GS4's most exciting capture modes. Thank goodness the Mini takes good pictures. Media options are plentiful, even though the GS4 Mini doesn't have the best screen on which to watch movies.To wrap-up its  for what you get: a smaller, more user-friendly handset that isn't quite the flagship it pretends to be.

The phone came unlocked and in perfect condition.  An adapter was also provided to use with U.S. power outlets but it was not needed since I charge my phone through USB at my work computer.  I noticed that the device status indicates custom which I found out does not allow for updates if the status is custom.  I downloaded Kies (the Samsung software) and it updated the phone and the status now shows Official. The phone now updates when needed.I am using this phone on BrightSpot, the Target line through T-mobile, and so far no complaints.  It uses a micro-SIM which fortunately BrightSpot SIM cards can be used as both a regular SIM and a micro-SIM.  It comes with a SIM adapter.  The size of the phone is perfect. I fell into the trend of large phones prior this one.  Large phones are nice but not practical (for me that is).  My thumb can reach buttons and functions making it easier to type. It has the capabilities of any smartphone in a much smaller size.I recommend this phone to anyone looking for a reliable and practical device.

Open Group Wireless products are packaged very well.  I had no problems with the cell phone.  I love it!!!!I highly recommend this cell phone.

It is sometimes difficult transition from a cell phone of another technology (blackberry) to android, but fascinating when you have the new phone in your hands and you realize what you missed. This happens with this cell phone. Some small details, but overall is incredible.

I enjoy it very much :) was used to an older phone so there's nothing to compare. Big enough but not huge..

I love this phone! Awesome reception, great battery life, all the functions you could need. I have Straight Talk and this phone works like a dream. Mini SIM card it's required.

Really good cellphone, was much more than I expected, really good touch screen, perfect size, and operational system excellent, and awsome camera

Some few weeks ago I bought my new cell S4mini Samsung 4G/LTE model I9095 , international/unlocked version , I use it with Movistar carrier in Venezuela. Here it is my very first review after a few weeks of intense use.When I set out to buy a new phone my priorities were PORTABILITY, power / strength and reliability.The S4 -mini is a very powerful device dressed in a pocket -size) . It is a pleasant one-hand device; I mean you can use it with just one hand instead of its big brothers . It fits easily in the palm of your hand and you can run through entire screen, even in the far 4 corners- with just a simple movement of your thumb  (good point).I run my cellphone 24/7, intensive heavy -duty use and as an journalist I running permanently Internet and lot of social network. The battery lasts a few more than 24 hours of intensive (ab)use and I run it permanently connected to Internet . The battery charge is really fast with standard traveler charger supplied by Samsung ( about 45 minutes or less to full charge).Touch screen is really bright and extremely sensitive. WIFI feature is excellent ( much much better than my previous LG 4X).Even 4G/LTE service is not yet available in my country I am running 3G+ from Movistar with no problem.Its processor is fast and furious; I mean, really fast and no freezings nor hangs-outs, so far (thumbs up!). Another good one? You can go 32 Mb via microSD; so don't worry about about the storage capability for program downloads, music  or even pictures from its digital 8Mb camera.I9095 is an international version; it's means that the device comes with the European plug charger ( round pin instead of the standard American flat paddle pin -up ) . Its a problem? Solve this by  buying a traveler adapter (round-pin-to-flat pin) for some few pennies in your local convenient store, and done!A but (there's always a &#8220;but&#8221;), when you work upright (vertical position) on-screen keyboard is a little bit tricky specially if you don't have thin/tiny fingers . I guess the designers from Samsung could have improved a better digital (on-screen) keyboard design by  reducing separation between keys or even put no separation between them at all. Excelent on-screen keyboard use when you tilt the S4mini to horizontal position.My opinion about S4mini? it is an excellent choice if you are looking for portability, strenght and realibity; nice small cellphone with a heart plenty of power.And don't forget: it's a PHONE &#8211;I mean you can do calls all day long- with nice and great audio.I will keep testing my S4mini for some months more and then I will go for a second review

My husband has been using an iphone 4 for years because he didn't want to upgrade to a big phone, which a lot of the cool phones are nowadays. AT&T here doesn't carry this phone yet. Surprised him with this and it's perfect! He absolutely loves this phone. It's sleek, lightweight, almost the same size as his old iphone. Perfect for a guy who doesn't want a ipad sized phone. LOL It did come in French but was pretty easy to change the language. It works on AT&T's H+ (?) network. Doesn't work with LTE but internet is fast enough. Way better than what the Iphone 4 was getting. Best part of this is no more Itunes!

There is no information about the phone needing an Sims Card. Pretty upset I spent that much money and have it sent the next day and it is needing something I was unaware of. It was in perfect condition, but the box was open when I received it.

All good 100% product and sellerWhy 4 starts?the charger came European type no USA type.But all good!!!!!!Buy it (if you like of course)I dont test yet the phone with the sim card it uses micro sim and my car is mini simnext month y buy a micro sim and then I try it

Thank's for all very nice the smartphone and so fast i received well i think that will be making a deal soon for anothers ok

I Dont know if its becuase its unlocked or what, but the speed of the phone and the conection with the internet is much more slower than with the iphone.Very bad!! Cant work with it.

small but with very good performance like i expect samsung to do these days.a great phone to people that want 4' phone

YESTERDAY I RECIEIVE THE PRODUCT, BUT I DISCOVERED IT`S NOT UNLOCKED, MY SIM CARD DOESN`T WORK I THIS CELL, WHAT CAN I DO?

I do not qualify the quality of this product since the parcel service declared it as lost. It is unfortunate to happen.

I don't know much about phones but the size of this phone is perfect and I can do all I need from a phone.

Despite the ad say it is unlocked, there is no warning that European products are not unlocked for use in latin america. I'm returning the product. Care to buy if you're from Brazil or Latin America.

Congrats! this phone is a factory phone it works very well in Barbados, I was a bit concern about the reviews when I ordered it, I even contacted the sellers and they assured me that it was unlocked, sometimes you really cannot believe all of the reviews or you will end up not buying the product and now my daughter is enjoying her most precious phone, Thank you very much sellers.

Excellent

The cell pedi what they sent me black and white. I think you should reimburse the price difference of the colors ...

My new phone works great -- I love how easily I can navigate using the device.  A huge improvement over my previous phone.

I have been with it for two weeks, and i can say that this is one of the best mini flagship phones that there're out there. Highly recomended.

I got this phone and lost it after 3 days! I needed a phone so I went for something cheaper, which is the Motorola Moto G.The Motorola A bit bulkier and heavier but the performance is better that the s4 mini.S4 is slick and light. No complaints about performance, just saying that the Moto G is better and its screen is obviously better

Awesome and I didnt have any problem with it.. plus it was compatible to use it in my country Ecuador!

It does not work in South America countries. Actually, it is designed to be used in European countries only. Thus, the title of the annoucement should be more specific.

I ordered this phone because I have AT&T service. It was OK for calling and texting but when I tried to use the Web on it the data service would not work. Found out that it was probably a Sprint phone.

I really think this is the best phone out there! Great size, it's fast, it's good looking, I just love it!

I looked into a few 'small' phones, and this was the best i found. Looks and feels like a Galaxy s4, Funny how a few years ago 4.3 inches was huge and is now considered &#34;mini&#34;. Its about iPhone 5 sized but still has a bigger screen. Anyway I overall love this phone, the small form factor, its snappy and almost never lags, can play modern games if youre into that. Also has some of the original s4 features like smart watch and some gestures. it DOES NOT have air gesture, smart scroll, airview or S health, (which I think are kind of gimmicky anyways) also no LED notification light. I use the phone alot for work (texting and calling) and occasional candy crushing, and it limps through the day. Will not last a full 12 hour day most of the time, I guess depends on use but you will probably have to bring a charger with you. But if you can look past that this is a great little phone, I get asked about it all the time! Great ice breaker I suppose hahaPros -Small form factorNice vibrant displayOperates smoothlyCamera is great (comparable to the big S4)Cons-Battery life not so greatMissing S4 air features

I really like this phone; it allows me to do all the things I wanted and need in order to use it for fun and work. The battery last all day even when I use it a lot during the day.

Fast and small highly recommended. Doesnt have Google's  ROM but touch wiz is not that hard to get used to

THIS PHONE UNLOCKED NO REQUESTS A CODE

I like it a lot. The size is perfect for me. It came with the adaptor to connect the charger.

good morning sorry I bought a computer last month 28but the box says androi samsung and does not go as is the original that is that and hope it's not a copy that would be very disappointing

This phone is not unlocked, i got it over a month ago and still haven't been able to unlock it.

I needed a new phone and trusted to receive a product new never used before!!The cell phone I received had games such as monsters and aliens and tetrix, and also some apps for a French Mobile provider.Since I paid for a new phone, can not accept the current equipment.Very disappointed with this purchase.Now I am waiting for the return instructions, expecting that part to go smoothly.

Goodnight;First coordial receive greetings, the equipment meets all my expectations both dice&ntilde;o as the operating system, the only thing was that the pedi black and blue I arrived.planning costs was fulfilled as channeled.many congratulations.attentivelyThomas Dimas

Actually I bough as a git for my girlfriend, she's love it. it's great device. and works with mini sim card

Item is great.  The price wasn't bad for an unlocked gsm phone.  It is smaller than a full size samsung galaxy s4 but as long as it works, I'm happy.  Females definitely will love its compact size.  I will recommend it to anyone.

First, it is cheaper than the market, style light, feel good, so much.Second, Amazon delivery is also very punctual, sometimes two days earlier to.Third, like it buy it, worthy of trust.Fourth, if it can have offline navigation feature is perfect.

I like the phone, but it doesn't work with my current carrier and I am returning it to the supplier.

Very good phone, very good speed , good graphics and easy to use. Negative point little duration battery. I like it

The galaxy s4 delivers to the hype (althought it might be a bit overloaded with carateristics that we really never used/needed) and it's little brother is no lacky in technological refinement. It's just mini, mostly because not everybody wants/likes a GIGANTIC screen to carry on their samll pockets. The screen I believed should have stopped growing when it reached the size the galaxy s4 mini screen has. But as always, find reviews, and carefully see if it fits your needs. no better judge than you, when you have the right information ;)

The Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini is a great phone. If the seller just says &#34;unlocked&#34;, then the phone is from a foreign phone company that resold the phone and you never know where it came from. For example, I bought one from a seller that said only &#34;unlocked&#34; for $30 less than Amazon's price. Big mistake. The phone was originally sold by Samsung to O2 in the Czech Republic. O2 resold their excess phones and I got one from a big New York internet supplier; an unlocked phone with default Cezch language and still having the O2 splash welcome screens and goodbye screens. I spent hours converting the phone to English and getting rid of the Czech language apps. The splash screens are still present, but at least in English. I bought a &#34;factory unlocked&#34; Samsung Galaxy Note II from Amazon last year and was totally pleased with the purchase. There were no phone company splash screens and the phone was already set up for American English since I reside in the U.S. When Amazon supplies a &#34;factory unlocked&#34; smartphone, you are getting a good phone with no hassles. None of the time wasting issues I went through.

This is an excellent phone for those who don't like the super-sized phones that are coming out now a days, its slightly smaller than the Moto G http://amzn.to/1iefdUO and unlike the moto G, it can accept microSD cards and has an iR blaster for controlling he TV or stereo.The camera is way better than my P&S; camera, it has become my everyday camera, only use my micro 4/3 http://amzn.to/1lKer35 when i really need to.

I bought this as I had to give my wife my old iPhone 4 (she doesn't look after anything and broke her iPhone 4s).  I really wanted a new iPhone 5s but with only about 6 months away from the release of a new iPhone 6, I decided to buy something else until then.I have to say that I am really impressed with this phone, it has a nice screen, bright colours etc and feels great in the hands.  I thought that the fact it has a more of plastic build to it would put me off but on the contary, it really looks and feels great.As it only comes with 8GB as standard I bought a Kingston 32GB microSDHC card for it so now I have lots of memory for photos and apps etc.  I also bought the Tech Armor screen protector and the EasyAcc leather flip case which is really great too.I know that many people probably have the same problem as myself trying to find a reseller that actually sells what they advertise.  I do not live in the US and a family member took delivery of it whilst they were visiting friends so I was a little nervous thinking about whether it would work here or not.I am happy to confirm that this phone came UNLOCKED out of the box and I am currently using it in Venezuela on Digitel.  Even the 4G/LTE signal works perfectly.  It does say on the box that only European SIM cards are to be used but that is because this is the European model GT-I9195 and works on the same frequencies as here in Venezuela and probably the same in other Latin American countries too.  I received everything new in the box but be aware that the charger will be a European type (2 round pins), it's multi-voltage and will work with 110v but you will need to buy a seperate adaptor for it to plug into your 110v outlet.  Really no big deal at all considering everything else is perfect and as described in the listing.I hope that Amazon will not delete this part because I know that so many people always ask who the seller was.  I bought the phone from Global Mobiles and it was fulfilled by Amazon

I don't normally write reviews but thought this time i should.  Buyer beware.  Have tried to use on 2 different cell carriers in the USA.  At first I that it was just bad signal from the provider. However after trying multiple carriers we have determined that poor signal is the fault of the device.  It will have full bars one second and the next without moving locations it will be searching for signal or indicate that it has no signal.  At times you are unable to make a call.  After reviewing the internet forums it seems that this is a common problem that occurs with this device.  Disappointing.

works good, and do almost all that the S4 do. very fast and have good size. for the price its the best that you can get.

Excellent device. Beautiful screen and really fast!No lag when playing games or opening multiple app at the same time. Good purchase for a nice price!

The phone is great, I bought it to use with an south american sim card and I had no problem. Great camera, great display as just quick as I was expected.

I am totally loving my new SIV mini!! It arrived really quickly and it was exactly what I wanted. This phone is amazing! It is no where near comparison to my previous Blackberry Curve.. The color on this phone is phenomenon. It's so beautiful! I love that it's slender and sleek. I highly recommend those who are interested to purchase this product.The only downside about it is there's no notification light.. Other than that, everything else is fine. Enjoy!

I received a brandmarked (Orange TM) phone- altough it said factory unlocked. --&#62; Orange startscreen, orange lock screen, serveral useless orange apps.  I will have to return it.S4 mini is good phone - but not from this supplier!!!

Oh my God, It's very light and beautiful. It seemed like a good choice for the price. I will buy another

It really is a well designed product. Now I know why this phone is so popular. I will update my review once I have a chance to test it on my overseas trip next week.

I ordered the samsung galaxy S4 Mini I9195 but they send me the I9192 version! The phone works good but I paid more and I received less.

Orange linked (France). Manual in french. No problem in Colombia with Uff! simcard. I hope it works with other carriers.

don't have and problem with this cell phone. works with every company in Guatemala and the Salvador.  And the box it's completely sealed

Put the micro sim in ad had coverage. Uses 4G LTE and its super fast. I have straight talk and the coverage is amazing.

I'm extremely happy with my order! ^_^It arrived on time through amazon prime, and I had no issues at all. I got the right model, the battery and everything else seems to be operating well, and I'm happy with my purchase.My only issue was the charger; although it came with a changeable adapter, it doesn't quite stay on, it always pops back out. The charger is a UK charger but they included an adapter piece for those with US type of outlets, but like I said previously it doesn't quite stay on the way it should. However this is a minor issue.Coming a from a Blackberry it was a bit of a difference, but I absolutely love this device. The one thing I wish it did have though was the notification light but other than that its a truly customizable phone.I was a little worried when I read that some persons got the wrong version, but everything has been working quite well so far. So I'm happy.

Phone works well. Great features,  light weight so it is great to carry in small purse. I would definitely recommend this.

The Galaxy S4 mini is a dream!  It has an excellent camera, great processing speed, and so many features that make things easier (like swipe texting).  It's small enough to fit in my pocket (even with a gel case on it), but it still has a large screen to enjoy.  Comparing it to my old phone would be like comparing a W8 device to a W3.1.  It's sleek and light (this phone is an inch bigger than my last one and weighs less than half).  Its battery was initially draining really fast, but that was because of a bunch of software updates. Once it completed that, the battery life went way up.  The only other thing I've noticed is that when I play games on it, it tends to get pretty warm, but that's the only time.  The speaker quality is amazing.It does come with a European plug, so be prepared to have an adapter or different plug for this phone.

I like the phone just under five stars. I see nothing wrong with it except it has about a half second delay when dialing and launching apps. A half second is short, and I get used to it, but it does appear it could have a faster processor (just a little bit faster). It is one of the smallest smart phones I could find that has 4g. It works well. It is international, unlocked, and fine.

It works in Venezuela.

Good phone, my teen daughter loves the fact it fits in the back pocket. Features are ok, except no 4G. I love the fact you can replace the battery- it will come handy some day

Very smart and practical smartphone to be used on all daily occasions. Only one minus - short battery life. But in general excellent.

This unlocked cell phone is not used to Venezuela. I had to unlock.That was the only detail that has the phone

I purchased my phone from &#34;Cell-Source&#34; Its a great phone. I loved it for the 1st couple weeks until it started heating up and the battery being drained. My guess is a defective battery I'm not sure.Btw my 1st seller feedback was removed. I know its a good phone I probably just received a defective 1 from the batch.

Just amazing. Mote than i have expected. It is faster than s3. And the size it is just perfect for me

This phone is truly a great phone. Yet, it lacks some of the features that it's older brother (The s4) has. Such as the notification light, and air gesture. The phone is a beautiful phone, and has a cheap sort of feel- that's only because it's backing is plastic which is better for if you drop it so that's a plus. The phone has a nano sim slot- there are different versions of the s4 mini such as the I9190 and I9192 so each sim for each phone has different requirements. The phone is pretty fast, although a few months in it freezes sometimes. Perhaps, that's due to the fact that I am constantly on it. The camera is okay, it is nothing special but the fact it has two cameras front and back (has a flash light) is great. Phone calls are clear, and the service I get is pretty good considering the phone is not from the US and hasn't even made it here yet. The fact the phone is unlocked enables you to use any service you please- not being bound to a service is nice. The price as of now is high, but not as high as an iphone, considering it is unlocked raises the price. Over all I love my phone! If you have any questions please ask!

excellent !!!!  delivery was great everything came full that the only thing wrong was the power charger for European countries and I got to buy an adapter for u.s.have to specify when purchasing international  buy or for u.s.

it was functional,  and cute.  It has been working ok,  and it was extactly how it was showed on the web

Excellent phone, one hundred percent new, original and unlocked. I had previously purchased another computer, another shop and result in a locked cell and rebuilt, now otherwise all according to what was published.

The phone is fine and fill my expectation. It's very complete to people who like to use smartphones, that is why I recommend it.

I was expecting it until a few days later ! and I got it earlier, so I was very happy!

Does not include a charger that fits in US outlets. Be warned. You will need to buy a separate charger if you live in the US. Phone comes in french and is missing network settings.

The seller says the phone comes unlocked, but that's not true. It does not work with South or Middle American or Carribean carriers. Samsung Regional Lock. But I wrote them and sent me the unlock code, very good attention via e-mail. Thank you for taking responsibility even though the product descricion says nothing of regional lock samsung. Unlock my phone and it works perfectly.

It's my favorite brand for cell phone!! Is just what I need, my last was a Galaxy S2, big difference with this two toys, nice screen and very smooth design. I love it!! Nice price, excellent delivery. Thanks!

I really loved the on-time delivery and the way it came. I got the same phone from someone else and it was in bad shape. This was just perfect. Works perfectly on LIME in The Caribbean.

Really good. Small and powerfull, good size phone ... Galaxys4 mini  worth every penny. Nothing to envy to big versions and phablets

The Smartphone is in perfect condition, and has the specifications of the Samsung Galaxy S4. However, the company that sells it says it is "Unlocked" and is the "International Version" and it is false. I am from Venezuela and I had to spend more money to unlock it because it did not recognize the SIM. I'll be back to buy anything this company.

I've been using this phone for one month and a half, everything is working perfect, also if you want to will use it out of USA, this the model you should buy.

The internet 4G In Brazil do not work in any part of Brazil , only  EDGE which is very slowly.

100% recommended, responsible and meets its expectations.

The seller says the phone comes unlocked, but that is nor true. The phone is locked and I will have to pay to unlock it.

This is not a unlocked phone. I will have to unlock it by myself or pay for someone provide me the NCK code.sorry but the product does not cover my expectative, now i have to spend a lot of money to unlocked this phone...

I ordered mine from the seller &#34;WorldWide Distributors&#34; and had no problem at all. The product box was sealed, and the phone was definitely brand new. When I turned it on, the default language was French, but I was easily able to change it to English. Some reviewers said that their order came with an extra 110v-220v adapter, but mine didn't. I have a few of those lying around the house, so it wasn't a problem for me, but you should be aware that this international version likely comes from Europe and therefore the charger plug has 220v round prongs.The phone is still going strong a few months in, and I love it very much. Just be aware that you might not get the warranty service in the US. The warranty card it came with only listed European regions.

Very balanced device. Very good pre installed apps from samsung. The camera works fine. The only little problem that i have noticed is the battery lifetime that is poor if you turn on you bluetooth, listen to music or play videos.

I bought an  cell phone unlocked factory, and AMAZON sent the locked cell, and what eh funny site which was purchased in the USA and you sent me a mobile phone from france. SAMSUNG blocking this cell phone region, since I bought, I can not use because this block wregion.No moment I'm in Brazil and can not use the phone, waiting for the unlock code.I'm very disappointed in AMAZON, will not buy any products from this company

Im thinking twice before i buy this one. because of the international version. i got a problem when i bought one. but so far this one is great. fast. the only thing though is the battery`s energy somehow drain out. even though i dont use it. i didnt realize s4 dont use the full sim card. it`s ok though. the thing though on camera. its only limited option you can do. but over all its a fine mini cellphone.

buy these phones on offer for the whole family, everyone was happy with the speed and because samsung is samsung is quality and a fast processor tinenen

I absolutely love this phone, very easy to use; it's like a mini computer, the world is at your finger tips.  I ordered the I9195 but was sent the I9195T which I was told is different. Sorry the phone had a defect and I had to return it, otherwise I would have kept it.  I need another one asap and will definitely buy through amazon again.  Anyone can recommend a reliable seller?

Phone is on point for almost everything. It's the perfect size (i.e. not too big like most andriods). It gets 3g+ on T-mobiles network. It has an SD slot which is good. Camera quality is great even with the forward facing camera (unlike the iphone 4s and lower). The phone is very easy to navigate and customize as well!Only minor hiccups are you can't turn off the sound when taking a photo and the phone itself doesn't go into silent mode (the lowest it goes is vibrate). I'm sure these things can be changed when rooted but I'm not interested in messing around with that.Best thing about it all - it got to my home very quickly (just in time for a birthday!).

This is not a unlocked phone. I will have to unlock it by myself or pay for someone provide me the NCK code.

I was looking for a smartphone with this exact specs,other than iPhone. I had an iPhone in the last two years and just wanted a change. My husband got Samsung Galaxy 4, and I like the look and feel, but for me it is gigantic. I was so happy to find the mini one. It is slick, easy to use, has everything that I need. The only cons are the battery life is a bit shorter, and also the device gets very warm at times. Regarding shipment: the first shipment was wrong, Amazon shipped black instead of white. Both Amazon and Mercante group were very accomodating and quick to reply. The replacement came few days later, and I had to ship the black one back. Annoying to have to go to the office because of Amazon mistake.

It meets the expectations, it's just faster than the S3 mini. It's a good purchase considering the price, works fine in Venezuela

excellent phone, I was not sure of the purchase but really left very satisfied, the phone is not for me, is a gift for my sister

Unlocked phone working great. Thumbs up Samsung,Open Group Wireless and carrier service.

The phone arrived in perfect conditions and it was unlocked. So I was able to just insert my micro chip and use it as any other device.

I like the phone very much. Reasons for the 3 star are: User's manual is not in English and I don't understand it and there was a little scratch on the top of the phone (but its barely visible). It is functioning very well.

Love the phone - Only one problem is I cant seem to be able to turn off the camera sounds.

Too many things didn't work and I had to call a technician to make it work!!!My friends that have the same  telephone couldn't understand what happened.

From time to compare the mini s3, s4 mini, Ace 2. I decided this. Most of all I like design and is not very big. It has twice the processor and memory mini s3. It works perfectly for games is incredible.

When cell phone is on, suddenly it gets very hot and it turns off. I have to take battery out and wait some minutes to turn it on again. It happens repeatedly.

very great phone i recommend to any one who like samsung phone and the seller i didnt have problem i recommend this one. sorry for my english :)
