
Thank you Samsung for filling the niche market of those who want to get biggest display they can get in a phone at reasonable Price. Mega isn't premium phone in today's standards as it uses last year's specs. It's bigger but not better. STILL, that is perfectly fine by me. I wanted bigger display. I didn't need better specs. The phone isn't slow at all, but it just isn't as fast as the today's premium phones. Still upgrade in speed in real life is not very noticeable in my opinion. As for the display, now smaller 5&#34; display phones are sporting 1080P Full HD display, but Mega &#34;only&#34; has 720P HD display. Can't you tell the difference in real life? I doubt it. The display looks beautiful. Period. I have Nexus 2nd gen with 1080P display with bigger 7&#34; display. When I compare 720P and 1080P videos on Nexus, I don't notice the difference in extra resolution in a small 7&#34; display. So what benefit do we gain in getting higher resolution after 720P? Hmmmm... perhaps a satisfaction in &#34;knowing&#34; that I have higher resolution although I may not &#34;see&#34; the difference. You will see the 6.3&#34; vs 5.5&#34; difference very clearly though. Bottom line, if you don't mind carrying around a big phone, you will enjoy the mega. If 6.3&#34; mega is simply too big, don't get it. This is a love it or hated phone. I am actually glad that they used the older specs since I can get a bigger display phone like Mega for a price much lower than the newer Note 3 or S4 with smaller display but higher resolution.

I've had my Samsung Galaxy Mega for a few weeks now. I LOVE this phone. The problem is I do not know what I am going to switch to once this phone gets "old" to me. I love the large screen. It gives you the all the features of a phone plus the feel of a tablet. Since I love using my kindle app this phone is perfect. I love all of the other features about the phone so far as I am still learning it. Whenever someone sees it in my hand they always stop to ask me what type of phone it is. I laugh and explain to them that its a combination type thing between the Galaxy S4 and a small tablet. I think Samsung did a superb job when they created the Galaxy Mega.

Is it OK to say I Love my smartphone? It does so many things for me. I can't imagine how we got along without them. Of the many, many phones that  I have owned over the years, this is my favorite!  My previous phone was the Samsung Galaxy Note II, and I loved that phone, too, but my new lover: this Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 is divine! You can read all about the specs for this phone from so many online reviews (as everyone should do their due diligence in researching their next smartphone love), so I will just share what I really value and appreciate about this phone. The screen is big, bright, and clear. It is so big that it really replaced my 7in Galaxy Tab (which I have sold to a good friend), YET it still fits comfortably in my pocket. It is that perfect size sweet spot -- for me, it's the "Goldilocks" phone: not too big, not too small, but JUST right. With this single device I have a decent sized e-reader (Kindle app), tablet, phone, game system, and mini-computer. Compared to my previous Note II, this phone is just as fast, and I never really used the stylus. There might be others comparing the Note series to the Mega, and as for myself, I haven't looked back and do not miss my old Note II. I usually don't keep a phone for more than 6-8 months, but I have a feeling that I will keep this phone for some time, as it meets all my needs, and it looks gorgeous, too.

I LOVE THIS PHONE A GREAT PHONE FOR THE PRICE CLEAR PICTURE GREAT FOR GAMES AND MOVIE WATCHING MEGA IS THE BOMB.COM

i liked it caused its a phablet  it is a hyrbid of phone and tablet in your hand with a big screengood video quality

I dropped my I9205 16GB Mega and the screen cracked and was unresponsive.  I quickly ordered this as a replacement I9205 thinking it would be the same as my original.  Sent the original out for service under insurance.  Was getting low memory warnings and checked the device I ordered from Amazon to find out it only has 8GB.  Buyer beware - this is the low memory unit masquerading.Also, I've noticed that the wifi is flaky compared to my 16GB model.

I used my old phone (EVO 4G) for media consumption (web browsing, youtube vids) more than I did as an actual cell phone (talking, texting).Initially I was going to buy a tablet and keep my old phone, but this device seemed to combined the best of both worlds (at a bargain price).I was paying $50 a month (unlimited) for Boost mobile and I couldn't see myself going to a rip off carrier/service like AT&T;, Verizon, Sprint, T-Mobile with either no unlimited plan or very expensive ones overall. I bought this device for $399.99 at Metro PCS (about $560 with all of the taxes, fees, etc.) and my monthly bill is $65 flat for true unlimited everything (data, talk, text + insurance).I'm not a huge &#34;specs&#34; person and while a 1080p display would've been awesome, the functionality (I've had no problems with it so far, had it for a month, runs smooth) and 720p display on this device is perfectly fine with me. Videos, pictures, just about everything is still very clear. Very bright, sharp, rich, colorful display.It is a HUGE phone (it's over half a foot long), so it's definitely a 2 handed device for just about everybody. I have no problem with it's size because I have some what large hands (I'm 6'0&#34; tall). It's much easier typing, texting and navigating through this device for me than the smaller ones.Overall, not as high end (but not that far behind) as the latest phones (Note 3, S4, iphone, HTC One, etc.), but still an awesome device as a mini tablet/cell phone. I love it.

When I ordered product,I could not find a great description,only after I received product did I find it was not what I wanted.

Before I start my review I just want to say that I own the Galaxy S4, Note 2 and now the Galaxy Mega 6.3 and each one of them is unique in different ways. It's been a week since I got my Galaxy Mega 6.3 and this thing is super awesome. It has the same look as the Galaxy S4 but it's just larger. The Galaxy Mega 6.3 makes the Note 2 look tiny in comparison. The Galaxy Mega 6.3 feels like an experimental device from Samsung to see how big of a device people are willing to buy. Since we continue to buy their large phones, Samsung wants to know if we will continue to buy their phones regardless of the size. My main phone is the Galaxy S4 which I think is perfect and I won't get the Galaxy S5 if Samsung decides to make it larger than 5 inches. I think Samsung is getting a little carried away with their phones and trying to make their phones as big as possible. They just need to stop at 5 inches in my opinion.So far the Galaxy Mega 6.3 has been great and the battery life is outstanding, much better than my Note 2/S3/S4. Since the screen is 720p on this phone, it consumes less power than the S4 and it lasts much longer. The Galaxy Mega 6.3 comes with Snapdragon 400 which is a dual core CPU that has no problem handling everything you throw at it. The phone comes with a ton of bloatware as always and I always try to remove most of it because it can really slow down the phone and kill your battery.These are some of the things that I like about the Galaxy Mega 6.3:Pros:+Screen: I personally love big screens and the Galaxy Mega 6.3 has a nice 6.3 inches screen that makes everything stand out when viewing HD videos or playing games. The resolution on this phone is 720 x 1280 (233ppi pixel density) which is the same as the Note 2 but the Note 2 has 34 more pixel density than the Mega 6.3. It would have been great if Samsung put a 1080p screen on it like they did with the S4. 720p is still more than enough and you will hardly notice a big difference between 720p and 1080p on a phone.+Android OS: This phone ships with the most up to date version of Android, Android 4.2.2 (Jelly Bean) which is the fastest Android version yet. Samsung has added many new features to TouchWiz which is great but I'm not really a fan of TouchWiz. I usually just disable all the things that I don't use to improve the performance of the phone and the battery life. I just wish all android phones would come with stock android instead of coming with pre-installed bloatware and whatnot that slows the phone down.+Design: The design is the same as the S4 which I have no problems with because I love my S4 to death. If you have a Galaxy S4 and love the design of it, then you will love the Mega 6.3's design as well. Since the phone is huge compared to the S4, it feels a lot heavier than my S4 because it's roughly 200g while the S4 is 130g. I don't have a problem with the weight of the phone but I'm so used to my S4 being light and thin.+Camera: The rear camera on this phone is 8MP (3264 x 2448 pixels) and the front camera is 1.9MP. They both take great pictures and you don't have to zoom in to look at the picture because of the screen being so big. My Galaxy S4 which has a 13MP camera takes better pictures but I rarely ever use the camera on any of my phones so this is not really a deal breaker for me.+Battery: The battery on the Galaxy Mega 6.3 is 3200mAh which is more than any phone I know. It makes sense to put a large battery in a large phone because it has a huge screen that needs a lot of battery to stay on. So far it seems that the phone can easily last a full day with a single charge. I can get through the day with a single charge and still have 20% left at the end of the day. The battery life is one of the most important aspects when deciding which phone to buy for me because I travel a lot and I need a phone that can last a full day. My Note 2 needs at least two charges to last through the day. The Snapdragon 400 is much more efficient than the Exynos 4412 that's on the Note 2. The Snapdragon 400 is also a dual core while the Exynos 4412 is a quad core which consumes more power.+Processor: The Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 (Dual-core 1.7 GHz) does an amazing job at keeping the phone running blazing fast but it would have been better if Samsung put the Snapdragon 600 that's on the S4 on this phone. I have never experienced a slow down with this phone but since the screen is bigger on the Mega 6.3, it makes more sense to have a powerful CPU to handle everything that you want to do. I'm not saying the Snapdragon 400 is slow or anything but it seems like Samsung wanted to experiment with the Mega 6.3. The Snapdragon 400 has no problems playing games such GTA Vice City on the highest settings.Cons:-Not 1080p screen-Less pixel density than Note 2-Last year's specsOverall, the Galaxy Mega 6.3 is perfect smartphone for people who have large hands or large fingers but for regular users like me, it's not. My main phone will continue to be the S4 because it's perfect for me and has amazing specs. The Galaxy Mega 6.3 is a great phone and it doesn't disappoint if you are one of those people that don't care about how big your smartphone is. The battery life in this phone is almost always guaranteed to last you a full day with a single charge. I was disappointed that this phone came with a 720p screen and a dual core version but that's still more than enough for anyone. The specs of the Mega 6.3 feel like last year's specs and shows that Samsung is just experimenting with the Mega 6.3 to see how many people are willing to buy it.

Absolutely AMAZING!!! I thought it was going to be too big but its perfect!! Had it for over a month now absolutely no reason to complain at all! Love it!!!

I don't know how I ever lived so long without this amazing phone! I have used it for almost a year now and I am still as much in love with it when I first got it. Perfect GIANT screen for all my web browsing, reading, picture-taking and the list goes on. I can even stick it in my the pockets of my jackets, pants (though just halfway), bags, etc. Very handy companion! I have many people stopping in the streets and just asking me what the hell is that? how cool! blah blah blah. If you haven't made up your mind, I'll say GO FOR THIS.I have no regrets. None. Only compliments. Some may say it's hard to type with one hand, well that's true. But it works fine for me once I get the hang of it. 5 stars and MORE!***Updates: I just broke it last night! Hoping to get it repaired asap! Very sad until I get it back!***

Factory Unlocked Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 I9205 LTE White PhoneWanted a tablet but needed a phone.  This is perfect or pretty close.  Was very pleasantly surprised by the nice touches such as the picture album slideshow I was able to put on front of my phone to show off my family pics instead of a still photo on front of phone as I used to do.  The ability to multi-view the  multi-tasks is great. Just got and am already so very satisfied/  Wide screen is great for reading.  I will am sure be learning more to like but so far this has totally surpassed my needs and again thanks to Samsung for the thoughtful things they put in that were practical such as long battery life, easier reading etc.  I am gonna find out if the Samsung Note app will be fully usable on it after I buy the stylus--if they have developed it to work on the Mega then wow--what a package.  I loved my first Galaxy Note and the quality put in by Samsung is so appreciated.  I do so much on computer and this is so much lighter than laptop and easier to take everywhere and with cell capability--it makes my work easier and pleasant.  Hope others who buy this product will enjoy it as much as I already have.  I think this is the first time I have written a review ever--it just so impressed me.

The battery keeps shutting the phone off even when it's fully charged. Have to keep taking it out and putting it back in. Bought a new phone to replace.

I got this phone and was beyond excited to use it. Either the phone I received is not unlocked or for some crazy reason NONE of the providers in my area can use an unlocked phone in their service. If I could rate this a zero I would just because it isn't what it says it is. I wanted a great phone which this is, but I can't use it anywhere I live.

BIG screen, BIG screen, BIG screen. Talk about television, my mega 6.3 is bigger then my tv lol. I wish I can connect my ps3 to it lol. It's the BEST phone yet I gotta say.

I love this phone because it is an awesome phone better than most phone out there, example Apple iPhone from model iPhone 3 through their latest iPhone 5.My only regret with the international model is that if you have problem with the phone, the U.S. technical support team will transferred you to their overseas counter part for support and repair. Example, I bought my Mega 6.3 phone three weeks ago, and recently the screen broke, and I contacted the Samsung customer service here in the U.S. They could not help me, rather they transferred me to their overseas counter part ( UK and Vietnam countries) to assist me, which is a long process. However the process of the repairing the screen is on going. Please I need help on where I can send my phone for repair here the U.S. for a reasonable price. I think Samsung should have technical support teams here in the U. S. who can handle both local and international phones for those living here in the United States.Because of the way I love this phone I have already recommended it to my close associates and friends. Please reply through my email for any assistance you may provide me for repairing my phone. Thanks...

8G is nothing for a smartphone.

Let me start off by saying that I am an Apple fan boy through and through. My home has a Mac Mini, MacBook Air 13.3", Apple Superdrive, Apple TV, and a Time Capsule plus an iPad (4th Gen) so moving over to Samsung was like a deep betrayal. However, when I heard of this phone, I knew I had to have to it. I had an iPhone 4 - HTC Sensation - Galaxy Note 2 within the past year. I'm not anti-Android (though I wish it was as simple as iOS), I simply hate the plasticky feel of Samsung smartphones. However, after dealing with the Note 2 for 4 months, I discovered that as soon as I get a phone I put it in a case and put a protective shield on the screen... so I never really see too much of it. {Keeping it safe helps the resale value}. I prefer HTC/Apple type build but I gave in to the Note 2. It is a nice device but I rarely ever used the stylus so I did not see the point.After the Megas were announced, I checked out the specs and though I would quickly settle for the 5.8, the spec sheet reads like a very low-end device and coming from iPhones and Galaxy Notes, that's a no-no!! Though the 6.3 is not high-end, it does have a mid-range processor and a better screen so I thought "what the hell! Might as well go big!"Going "big" is an understatement. This device is HUGE. I'm 5'11" and 195, so I'm no small guy but also not huge. Well, this phone was made for Shaq!! It's huge!! I don't play many games on Android (mostly because they suck) so my main use for this device is for movies, tv shows, youtube, etc. My favorite feature that carried over from the Note 2 is the Multi-window. Nothing out there can compete with Multi-window. Do you here me Apple, HTC, LG, etc!!! That was the main reason I got this phone.I could go in detail but you can read about Android 4.2 elsewhere as well as Touchwiz Nature UX 2.0. I will say I wish the 16GB edition would come here because though the device says 8GB, only about 4.5GB are available for use. And on Android 4.2, APPS CANNOT BE MOVED TO THE SD CARD. The external SD is only for media, not apps. That is an Android issue, not Samsung issue since most phone are moving to non-expandable storage. Also, if you get the i9205 version, it will work with AT&T; and T-Mobile's 3G/4G (not LTE) network. Verizon users are SOL.Bottom line, I got rid of my iPad Mini and am sticking with this for a while!!

I have had a not so good experience with this device.  It constantly opens apps and widgets without ever having been asked to do so.  The screen gets frozen constantly requiring going back to the password input screen.  As mentioned by other reviewers, it is near impossible to read the screen in the sun. Finally and worst of all it gives non stop errors about the sd card and cannot keep it loaded.  I like the big screen but it is not worth the other hassles.

works for all my phone tabs need it s just convenient and easy to operate.like that long life battery .

I'm so glad amazon has this phone I will be purchasing as soon as the white version come out I have the galaxy note2 I love it but I want the mega and can't wait to purchase! way to go amazon!!! You Did It Again!!!

I was on the market for a mid sized tablet. I had the Tab 3 7.0 and the Nexus 7 2nd gen in mind as I wanted a tab with cellular data. Nexus 7 4g was nowhere to be found & the Tab 3 7.0 was just appalling specs wise. Then I came across this device.First thing I'll mention is that it is huge! If you intend to use it as a phone and your daily driver, it might disappoint you. But if you want a portable device with a tablet sized screen like me, I bet you cant beat this.The device has mid ranged internals packing a snapdragon 400 1.7 ghz dual core processor, 1.5 gb of Ram and an adreno 305 gpu unit. That might sound weak to you but this device is by no means a slouch. I have installed nfs13, real racing 3, modern combat 4, nova3, etc.. I've tried all the high end graphics games on this device and it eats its way though them. It is not going to win the spec wars but honestly, it runs every tasking app and process without breaking a sweat.The Super Bright Super clear 6.3 inch 720p HD display is fantastic. I know 1080p devices are the benchmark for displays now but honestly, this device's display is so good you wont feel its such a bad trade off. Media consumption is a joy on this thing. Games, videos, web browsing and apps. Its a lovely experience.What puts this device above any other is the fact that it has all these great features of a mini tablet, and it packs the power and portability of a phone. Though i dont like to keep it in my pockets but it sure fits in most of my pants pockets.In conclusion, if you even had the slightest thought of getting this device, stop thinking and get it already. You wont regret it.It is worth mentioning that a down side I noticed with it is the fact that it comes with 8gb on board memory with a meagre 4gb available for use. No problems for as I am a root user. Got a 32gb external sd card and I use an app called folder mount. BAM!! All my HD content and large filws now run from my external memory. No problems at all.

The phone should have been better than the S4 and Note 2 but for some reason the display is not visible in bright day light, the speaker is very low volume and if you put it at full level it distorts badly, the camera is poor quality specially if the photos are compared to iphone5.  Hopefully the next firmware update can solve these severe handycaps  if they do then I would rate it 5There is something wrong woth the upright rotate sensor  it stays lock into side display and it takes a couple of shaking to get it display portrait again.  The size is wonderful specially for me with big hands and it is a tough and sturdy phone

Yes, it's a big smartphone.  The biggest. However, I'm a firm believer that great things don't always come in small packages.I ordered the Samsung Galaxy Mega (international version) on a Friday afternoon, and it arrived courtesy of Amazon Prime Saturday morning. Prior to buying the Mega, I considered the Galaxy Note 3 or a US version of the Mega, but I'd have paid AT&T; more for both the Note III and  US 5.3 version of the Mega than I did for this 6.3" international device. I have an S4 and I'm a devoted Samsung mobile device fan (I also have the Note 8 and the Note 10.1), but I really wanted a tablet experience and to be able to use smartphone capabilities, too. The only reservation I had was the standard storage on the device, 8GB. Having had devices with larger storage capacities, I initially was concerned that at 8GB, with only 4GB or so usable after the Android operating system allocation, space would be an issue.  Thankfully, it's not as feared and I'm comfortably able to use my apps I normally use, and make use of a 32GB SD card I already had for photos and videos I shoot, and my Audible.com audiobooks. (yes! The Audible app has built in the ability to store audiobooks on the SD card - why oh why can't more app developers do this? Wake up Amazon, your Kindle app should let us store books on the SD card too!)  One thing to note:  if you listen to music stored on your device, you'll need the 16GB version to accommodate that kind of storage.I swapped my microSIM from my AT&T; S4 right into this device and booted it up.  Everything worked as it should, with the caveat that you won't get LTE 4G GSM carrier network frequencies in the US on an international unlocked Mega. I also found that in using it as I traveled between different cities and areas, I had to change a setting on the device to re-register it to use only AT&T;'s HSPA+ (3G) network because I found the automatic features that allow the device to switch between a wireless carrier frequencies would lock up, primarily because LTE (4G) is not present in my general area where I work or at home.  Many people would find this a deal breaker, the inability for the international Mega to not use LTE frequencies on US GSM networks, however in my case, this didn't matter so much. What made me care less about the LTE service was a recent trip to London where I used my unlocked S4 on a local London provider and 3G is more the standard there. Coming from the States, I thought that using 3G was a step down and I'd notice a huge difference.  The truth is, I truly didn't notice it at all. Thus, if you are concerned about getting an international device that can't use 4G/LTE US networks here, your concerns are noted, but experience will make this a non issue for you. If you have an AT&T; Microcell at home, you'll be pleased to know that the Mega handles that connection superbly and is more stable than the S4 in that regard.  Connection to wifi broadband or other free networks works just like every other Samsung wifi capable device.The device's screen is bright and clear (even at half brightness, which is what I use) , even though the processors and the glass screen are not produced to the high flagship spec standard of the Samsung S4 or Notes II and III. The battery life is fantastic - far better than my S4 (where I had to be conserving of battery life, and turn off functions to save power) and even more surprising given the huge screen.  I have yet in a day to tap it down to 40%. It loads webpages seamlessly as the S4, and the Jellybean o/s is smooth and doesn't hesitate.  While the camera specs are more in line with the S3, you will never frame better pictures on a smaller screen as you do this one.Your friends will point and make fun of you when they see it and will want you to hold it up to your head, but honestly, who doesn't use a Bluetooth capability or headset with their smartphone to talk these days? You can laugh at them - they're carrying a smartphone AND a tablet seperately - you, in your wisdom, get to carry one device that will do it all. And what's better, you don't have to squint, you don't have to reach for another device to do something like play games, read a book, or stream video because your smartphone's screen is too small. Responding to emails on this smartphone is a dream - you can see the keys and you can actually type on it when it's in landscape mode.I love this device and I hope they keep making them - if you want the capabilities of a smartphone on a tablet, you won't be disappointed.

too large to operate with only one hand. so for what it is, its like a 10/10, one star left becuae at the time it was made, they could have made it better, but compared to other phones it competes with the best

I purchased the Samsung Mega 30 days ago and I am already on my second phone. Although the phone boasts the large screen size it is always a challenge to get the phone to work properly. My first issue was an issue with sending picture messages (Phone would show a spinning circle as and the picture would never go through.) Called my provider and they performed some sort of push and it went through at that time only. They advised that I get a replacement device. A day after this the phone completely locked up. The warranty center reflashed the firmware and the device semi worked for a couple of days until I needed to use the map app for navigation. The device froze and at this point I demanded another device. I also have issues loading videos. I have a new device and it's a little better but I feel very cheated because this is by far the worst phone I've had in twenty years.

Bad phone, after using this phone for 2 months the phone starts to buffer, lag. when i restart and turn on my phone again and i tries to type in my password,every letter i type has a 5 second display delay, and also there's a sign just keeps popping out and tells me that (Unfortunately Google Play store has stopped)So really this isn't a phone is a brick that looks like a phone.Do not buy this s***!

This Galaxy phone has most of the new features found in the Galaxy S4 but with a bigger display. Makes it ideal for data use - - reading news, surfing the web, even watching videos. Reviews have said the screen resolution is not as good as S4 but I really don't see any difference. If you want a truely portable tablet with phone capabilities, this is the one. I bought an unlocked version, which let's me use it with my low-cost carrier Consumer Celllular.

Quick version:(1) I love this phone and after a week of using it you won't ever want to use another phone! My only regret was hesitating to buy it.(2) I used the Note 3, the S4, HTC One Max and the Mega 6.3 for 10 days, price was not a factor - the Mega wasn't my favorite at first, but ended up winning hands down!(3) Again price was not a factor by any means (mind the pun), though the Note 3($779), the One Max($800), the S4($599) and then the modest Mega 6.3($400) = the Mega 6.3 makes "cents".Mega PROS*Best battery life of all!*HSPA+/3g (on TMobile) is super fast, absolutely no complaints.*Biggest screen (quality was not a factor, the numbers game is not always gospel).*Eliminates the need to carry/own a phone AND a tablet!*It is extremely light-weight with a perfect waistline/thickness (the S4 is lighter of course, but the S4 was my least favorite of the 4 overall and weight was the only category it took)*Super minimalist modern feel, sleek and sexy! I thought the HTC One Max would take this cake, but after a week, it was just heavy and the feather-light experience was just not there.*Best camera experience, yes even over the S4 because of screen size, though technically the S4 does take (very) slightly sharper photos, though the small screen exaggerates this somewhat.*IR BLASTER (universal remote), great apps like Watch-On and the Improved PEEL App with Netflix integration!*SPLIT SCREEN! ..last but not least; Samsung's split screen is far superior to any similar option, but split screen on this screen simply rocks! ..amazing.Mega CONS*It captivates and sucks you into exploring its never-ending rabbit hole of features! e.g., it can be distracting.*I am already unable to ever consider any other form factor - Sammy PLEASE keep the 6.3" screen in mind on the next Note (at least an option), no smaller and no bigger!*Haters will tease you about its size, only to open an opportunity to check it out for themselves, "so you can prove its dominance", don't fall for it! .....Lego my Mego! haha, get your own sucker!Conclusion: I really had a tough choice deciding which to keep between the Note 3 and the Mega, and after a few days was leaning toward the Note 3, but being fair and knowing I had a full 30 days to choose, I played with all for 7 days - I went with the Mega; after one full week, hands down the Mega (post updates) just was simply the must have - where the Note 3 is a nice phone, I just "grew" to like the size of the Mega and as clumsy as it was at first, everything else feels tiny and sub-par with regard to use experience compared to the Mega 6.3 and at $400 vs $700, it was a seriously easy decision to go with the Mega 6.3 and it had nothing to do with the price, that was just an extra pro that made sense/cents. ;)

I'm using this phone on the Consumer Cellular (AT & T) network. I had one hitch early when I couldn't access the web through the wirelessl network. Consumer Cellular sent codes as text messages but they didn't show up even though the phone indicated something had arrived. The tech finally said they couldn 't do any more because it was an unlocked phone and referred me to Samsung. Samsung sent me Singapore where the phone originated. Ultimately, I found the messages on the phone. (I still don't know how.) Opened them and the problem was fixed. Since then I've really enjoyed the phone. It is the perfect size for many tasks and I find that I often use it instead of my I-Pad

I just bought this to use on T-Mobile in Lansing, MI.  Our T-Mobile area has converted from the old 1700Mhz band for data to the new 1900Mhz band which this phone supports up to 22MB speed..:)  I bought it for my wife for Christmas.  She currently has a Samdung Galaxy SII and wanted a big phone, and something none of her friends have ( a girl thing? ).  Her old phone takes an old full size SIM, this takes a Micro SIM.  I called T-Mobile and they are sending me a new micro SIM for free to use with the new phone.  As for the phone it's not state of the art.  But it's still faster than a Galaxy S3, and while the screen isn't full 1080 HD it is 720P.  I have a projector in my basement putting a 112" 720P picture on my wall and it looks great.  A 6.3" 720P picture will be just fine.  Netflix will look awesome even though it's not state of the art.  Since this is an International phone it won't be loaded down with AT&T;, Verizon, T-Mobile junkware when I get it.  A little Samdung junkware that I can uninstall after I root it will be fine.  It's not slow.  A Galaxy S3 does Antutu benchmark at 16,000 and this guy does 20,000.  And my wife's current S2 still does anything you'd want.  I got her this, and a purple flower slim case, a purple flower wallet type case, and 6 screen protectors.  She'll have a merry Christmas.  Remember "A happy Wife = A happy Life".EDIT:  This says International Version with Warranty.  Samsung doesn't warranty these in USA.  I emailed the seller to see what warranty it does have.  I have recieved no response so far.

Samsung is actually ahead in innovation and understanding the customer needs . It's very simple to use and learn its working.

What the heck the design on this item is like the Motorola zoom what the heck is Sam Sung is doing? When I Install the equalizer and set the bass all the way up the two bars all the way to the left everything else lowered it all to the bottom. Dose not have the power. Its like its designed not to work with a equalizer.even it had crashed on me several times on the first day of use. I had to pull out the battery and put it back in. Another this g that updated me when UPS dumped the delivery at my front door out side. I was at home with a cold. Nothing. Any way I am requesting for a refund. My favorite equalizer from K&K Design did not work. I had to keep testing 60 others. One for audio and one for video. What else I did not like about the mega is the battery cover its so cheap and thin and it looks like it can break when got to be removed. What ever you do DO NOT DROP IT. The screen is the only strong thing as well as week in the other. Best looking 720p was its strong point the week is what they did not upgrade it to 1080p? And why they made so much short cuts on the design and parts on the amp? I am disgusted as well as disappointed. And the battery cover?  How cheap they can make it. Be afraid to remove the battery cover.its so cheap and thin come on its a joke

The phone fully exceed my expectations its the best phone I ever had and I been through a lot of phones snd I never been more satisfied with it

Samsung Galaxy Mega i9205 Unlocked Phone Large screen 6.3&#34; InternationalSamsung Galaxy Mega i9205 Unlocked Phone Large screen 6.3&#34; InternationalThis phone is the best of the best.

I love it. Its absolutely amazing.i can do anything in my phone.After my mega i never used my computer again.

What is the difference between an International unlocked version and a ordinary unlocked version? I live in Philly so which version should I use?

Love the phone! The phone is basically a Galaxy S3 with a much larger screen but it still fits in my pocket. Used it over a month now and I have only a few minor complaints so far. The biggy would be that the picture quality is only so,so but I would purchase it again without hesitation.

awesome......if you donot have one kindly purchase one. i love a big phone and its working perfect for me.everybody is talking about this huge phone.

The phone worked great. It is a big one, but that was what I was looking for.  Sad part was that someone liked it more. I had it for about two weeks.

-Very problematic order from MileHigh Wholesale. Do not order from them.-Issues with company failure to fulfill my 1 day shipping order. item will arrive in 4 days, not 1 day.-Company webstore states they Ship in Colorado, package tracking info shows it is shipped from NY.-Company changed name from ET Hydrophonics to MileHigh Wholesale Inc. in CO.-Very upset that I selected this company from CO specifically so that my item arrives here in CALI asap bec. they were closer to CALI. but they are shipping the item all the way from New York.====================Now for the product review. I decided to stop by at an ATT store and purchased their Galaxy Mega 6.3.The "phablet" is very nice and quite portable. In terms of usability, it handles most app launches and background task without any hesitation. I noticed a very slight stutter from an HD 1080P video from Vimeo but it was hardly noticeable.I'm a hardware engineer and I think this would complement my work and entertainment consumption with just one gadget instead of separate units. As far as "pocketability", It is possible to contain it inside a standard straight leg jeans. It could pose difficulty for someone having those skinny jeans and or silicone rubber cases due to the friction they create.I would definitely purchase another for someone in my household because of its double duty purpose. In addition, I'm a long time iOS user and this is my first time using an Android OS. So far, it is very impressive and quite user-friendly. Very happy with my ATT store purchase.Good: Good battery life, replaceable battery, pretty good screen, cpu is average,Not so good: slippery to holdBad: NO LTE support for Verizon or SprintI will add more info as I use the "phablet"

Phone is exactly what I want, it has the usual Android hang ups but when comparing it to the Samsung Galaxy S4 I had I can't really tell any difference in regards to performance or build quality.  Screen is easily read in daylight, better actually than my S4 and since i use it for work the email functioning with the split screen makes my iPad virtually useless.  Very happy and I'm not huge 6'1&#34; but with bigger hands and no penchant to wear skinny jeans/pants for work have NO issue with the phone's dimensions.

This October 2013 marks four months that I've been a smartphone owner.  And my ownership of this Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 has been a pleasure.  The large and vibrant screen is a visual treat; it makes viewing anything easy and joyful.  Furthermore, tapping large buttons makes doing business with the Mega delightful.  Another plus is the tap-and-play NFC, where I can easily engage another device with the Mega.  Then, a further advantage is the battery.  It proved itself worthy during a 5-hour hike when I videotaped heavily.  At the beginning of the hike, I had a full charge.  Then after finishing my trek, I still had a 69-percent battery life left.  The strong battery gives endurance, allowing several days between charging from moderate use.But because of the Mega's enormity, it's best carried in a bag.  For portability, I recommend the padded 5.11 Single Pistol Case.  That slim, rugged-looking, and protective case is large enough for the big phone and other few small items, but is still an unobtrusive carry.  Additionally, the phone's massive size requires handling it with both hands.  In a way, that's a nice requirement since the phone is gripped securely.  As I do so, it's easy for me to show what's on the screen without awkwardly invading someone's personal space that smaller smartphones would do.Unfortunately, what I don't like about the Mega is its tiny speaker.  It would make the phone difficult to hear, most notably in a crowded, public environment or while driving.  And even if the phone is heard, the audio quality is poor.  Another gripe is the poultry 4.78 GBs of useable Mega memory.  That makes it necessary to spend even more money for a large-capacity microSD card.  Finally, my last complaint is the lack of cellphone-provider-specific services.  For instance, it doesn't have T-Mobile's Wi-Fi Calling.  Neither does it have most networks' 4G capability.  What that all means is that the slower 3G Mega will have connection issues; they happen at remote locations and some places inside large metropolitan buildings.Regardless of my complaints, I won't be going to any smaller-sized phones in the future.  The ease and beauty of seeing and doing things with the oversized Mega trump the faults that it has.  I hope, however, that Samsung will further improve on the good smartphone.

I have owned the original Note and the Note II.  The Mega and the Note II are very different.  I do like both, the Mega for surfing, viewing movies, heavy texting and data entry because of the large keyboard.  I do think there are some needed tweaks for Android 4.2.2.  My Note II Android 4.1.2 seems to be more stable.  The screen is not as good as the Note II but still is excellent.  Also the processor is not as fast in the Mega as the Note II.So I am viewing movies and surfing with the Mega and very satisfied.  I will purchase the Note III as soon as it is available.

Phone was in perfect condition and I haven't had any issues with it at all. All the accessories that came with the phone work good also.

When I bought this phone, I was a little unsure about what I had just purchased lol. I knew that I would be getting a big phone but I had no idea just how big! When I opened the box and saw the device I just started laughing. It almost seemed like a joke phone!After using the phone for a few minutes, the first thing you notice is that it is super light for such a big device. I kept just looking at it because it looks like it should weigh as much as an iPad. I was concerned about the lack of LTE on AT&T;'s network but that soon passed. Even though this phone only has a duel core processor and 1.5gb of ram, it doesn't feel like a mid range phone at all. It kept up with all the demands I put on it throughout the day easily.The battery is also amazing! It will easily last me one and a half to two days. That's with moderate to heavy usage. The camera is really sound but it has a tendency to over expose the whites in a photo. You won't get any of the special features of a GS4 but honestly? I don't miss them. Watching videos or playing games on there is a dream with the 720p display! Call quality is amazing as well and I rarely had trouble understanding what people were saying.Overall this is a sturdy sturdy phone. Regardless of what people say, you can put this in your jeans pocket easily....unless you're wearing skinny jeans. Then I don't know what to tell you :) Ladies, you will easily be able to fit this in your purse. Also, don't expect to use this phone a lot one handed. Samsung didn't really make this device for that purpose. It is a tablet that happens to work as a phone as well. So if you're not afraid to try something new, I'd say buy this phone. You will not be disappointed! After a month of constant use, this phone now feels normal to me. Its amazing what you can get used to!

8/6/2013 UPDATE: I just returned my mega as I couldn't deal with the ridiculously slow notification bar.  The swipe down action to bring down your notifications severely lagged and stuttered. I found this odd because the device was fast in all other tasks. (Also I used ADW launcher so this had nothing to do with the Touch Wiz stock launcher. It lagged in both stock and 3rd party launcher) XDA had a thread where other users were experiencing the same slowness with the notification bar (I included links below).  One fix was to completely disable animations in the developers settings, this worked but only for a few days. The other bug is the screen will dim on its own. This isn't a setting that you can change or disable. The screen at odd times will just dim even though you may have fully charged battery. It especially happens on white backgrounds. I loved the device but having the notification bar lag so badly and the dim bug was a deal breaker. I'm using my trusty SII now and will be waiting for the note 3. Also after further review the mega 6.3 camera is worse than my original note camera.  I wanted to like this device but it didn't work out.  The screen and general performance were great but the poor camera and bugs made this a return. Here's hoping the Note 3 comes in at least a 6" model. The Mega 6.3 spoiled me big time!Dim Bug Thread: [...]Slow Notification Swipe Thread: [...]7/17/2013 ORIGINAL REVIEW: I'm a Galaxy Note user who has had the note since September of 2011. When the Note 2 came out I decided to skip it because I didn't think it was that worthy of an upgrade. So the Note has been my primary device for almost 2 years.Like you, I discovered the Mega 6.3 and began reading up on it and watching video reviews online. My initial worry was that it wouldn't be as fast as the current flagships and that I'd regret buying a device with last years specs.My reasoning to go ahead an purchase the Mega was based on the fact that to me it would feel like an upgrade since I was coming from my old Note.After using the Mega all my fears of it being underpowered and slow were gone. The device has a large bright crisp LCD display which I can now see clearly in daylight! The 1.5 GB RAM is handling my multitasking very well as I've yet seen a launcher redraw occur. The device is very snappy and has had no issues playing large MKV files. One of the coolest features that I was excited about was the IR port. Now you can control all your living room devices with your phone. The camera definitely is a weakness on this phone. My Note could take some amazing photos, this Mega only takes half decent photos if your subject is perfectly still and very close to the camera (So if you like taking photos of plants and flowers this camera can do it). If you have a moving subject or unsteady hands all you'll get is a blurry unfocused shot. It took actual effort to take a half decent photo with the mega. Whereas with the note it was just point and shoot and you got good to great results.The big win with this phone is the sheer amount of real estate you get. The original Note fits within the Mega 6.3's display area. You aren't just getting a phone when you get a Mega 6.3 you are also getting a small tablet. This device is a true Phablet. While the Note 1 and 2 were big devices the Mega elevates the browsing and media viewing experience to a true tablet level experience. If this is what you are interested in then I highly recommend picking up this device. So to recap, this device has a great display, versatile form factor, decent camera and great performance.If you are trying to win the antutu, quadrant benchmark wars then I suggest you stay away from the Mega as the S4 is the current flagship which is putting up crazy benchmark numbers.If you are looking for a large crisp HD display with last years flagship specs and excellent real world performance then the Mega 6.3 is your device. The only thing that should hold you back from this purchase is whether you want to wait for the Note 3 which will have the S-Pen, better camera and a 1080P display. The Mega 6.3 I picked up was sub $440. The unlocked international note 3 will start at mid $700's most likely.I can personally confirm that this phone (i9205) does work on AT&T; 3G and 2G frequencies. My Mega 6.3 i9205 is running on AT&T; 3G HSPA+. Unlike the unlocked Note N7000 and Galaxy S II I didn't have to enter any APN settings when I inserted my AT&T; SIM.  The Mega automatically defined the proper AT&T; APN settings and the 3G was working great.  You will need a MICRO SIM for this phone. If you have a standard sized SIM you can either cut it down to MICRO SIM size or visit an AT&T; store and ask for a MICRO SIM.The Mega 6.3 GT i9205 will NOT work with ANY AMERICAN LTE (4G) frequency.  In North America we use LTE frequencies 700, 800, 1900, 1700, 2100 MHz which are bands 4, 12, 13, 17, 25AT&T; uses BAND 4 and 17 Frequencies 1700/2100 for Band 4 and 700 for Band 17T-Mobile uses BAND 4 Frequencies 1700/2100 AWSThe GT i9205 uses LTE Frequencies 800/850/900/1800/2100/2600 which shows that it is missing the 1700 band. So AT&T; 3G HSPA+ is all you will get with the GT i9205 here in the United States. You will get 2G on T-Mobile and you'll only get 3G on towers where T-Mobile has activated 1900MHz 3G/4G. This phone isn't compatible with Verizon.If you purchase this unlocked international device from Amazon or any other online retailer and you live in the United States, Samsung will not warranty your phone.  Buying an unlocked grey market phone that was not specifically released for your country (USA) is not eligible under Samsung's 1 year warranty.  Please consider this before you purchase any unlocked international Samsung phones as they will not be covered under the Samsung warranty (It doesn't matter what the Amazon seller puts in the description about this).  If you want a warranty from Samsung then either wait for your carrier (T-Mobile, AT&T; etc.) to carry the phone or purchase a 3rd party warranty from a vendor like Square Trade. You've been warned.

Very good for my phone and good for safety of phone.I strongly recommend this product for those who have samsung galaxy mega phone.

Running this on a straight talk sim designed to run on ATT 4G LTE. I could never go smaller again. I love this thing!

Although it is much cheaper than note 2, benchmarks show that it runs faster even with 2 cores onlyThats because it have much newer processors than note 2Its LCD is not amoled, but you wont feel any differenceIn fact, reviews sayid it is brighter tahn amoledI think its true, or at least, not darker than note 2Battery time is much better than note 1, and I believe is the same or better than my old note 2Runs only a litle hot, vbut only because of secreen, mainly, that was expected, because its sizeFits well in my pocket, but be aware, i Have 1.92 m highFor some smaaler guys, you will have some trouble using thight jeans and try to seat with it in front pocketBut worth the sizeIt is much nicier to internet browseLoved it ( and I had everthing before, like dell mini 5, note 1 and note 2)This one rocks and is even cheaperRemark: it have built in IR emitterGood to use as universal remote, and there are lots of programs to do soNice

It is everything I hoped it would be. I like the larger screen, the removable battery, the addition storage - I like it.

Everything I wanted. Translator, Google maps, reading books and access to many phone companies worldwide. Purchased Ballistic cover to protect it in the backpack.

i like the phone very much,but did not know it was the international verson,it came with no owners manual or one i could read anyway.had a hard time converting to english

not throw away money, bad signal, does not work in new york, airports have no signal to call, bad, very bad, this phone is not for us.

I want to by this phone but, does anyone that has this phone know if it takes  a T-Mobile SIM  card???

Love the phone. Screen (contrary some other posts) looks fantastic. Bright and hi-res. I expected to see pixels. It actually looks better &#34;than&#34; my last Galaxy S3. Finally, an &#34;all in one&#34; tablet+phone. I do have to admin, this may be the max limit for phone dimensions. But since I plan to &#34;remote desktop&#34; into my clients computers (with the aid of a wireless mouse).. I'm happy! If you are hard core.. I recommend the Ballistic SX1171-A065 holster case.Had the smaller version for my S3. Uber protection.

Phone is great wish I have brought U.S. version lose internet because international version but still a great phone for the price

I WAS WORRIED  AT FIRST , I HEARD ALL THE REVIEWS ABOUT THIS PHONE . IT DOES NOT HAVE THIS  OR THAT AND THE SCREEN WAS WEAK COMPARED TO THE S4 .... BUT I GOT IT AND IT IS AMAZING . SCREEN IS CLEAR . I CAN SEE THE SCREEN DURING THE DAY  WITH SUNGLASSES ON . I COULD NOT DO THAT WITH MY GALAXY NOTE ..... OH AND THE BATTERY CHARGES SUPER FAST . IT ALSO LASTS ALL DAY SURFING THE WEB , PLAYING GAMES AND WATCHING MOVIES OVER THE INTERNET . I AM JUST AMAZED , WITH LOW SPECS LIKE THIS . IT WORKS PERFECT AND NO LAG . IM SO HAPPY I GOT THIS PHONE .... IF YOU ARE WONDERING . LTE DOES NOT WORK ON ATT . BUT HSPA , 3G AND EDGE WORK GREAT . SUPER FAST DOWNLOAD AND STREAMING SPEEDS . I GOT 22 MBPS IN DENVER CO ..... OVER ALL I LOVE THIS PHONE AND WOULD FOR SURE BUY IT AGAIN ..... AND IT DOES FIT IN YOUR POCKET JUST FINE ..... YOU SHOULD GET IT ....

I just got this phablet (phone and tablet combination). Its big, really BIG.  I'm a tall guy with large hands but be aware that unless your Shaquille O'Neal, you probably will have limited one-hand use of this.  On the other hand (pun intended) if you want a large bright screen, its a gorgeous phone. Great for using internet and videos. Clear, loud speaker, but doesn't have stereo speakers (something they could include at this size). Its comfortably fast but it isn't as fast as my wife's HTC One, for example.  Also, it does fit into a man's pocket, but could get uncomfortable if you wear tighter pants.  Lastly, I have mine on T-mobile's network and I'm in the DC area.  I get hspa and hspa+ speeds in some areas but it falls back to Edge rates in the outside suburbans.  It should work on hspa/hspa+ speeds on AT&T; network, but even though this is an LTE version, that is not the same LTE frequencies/bands as used by US cell companies.So short review:Pros: Nice HUGE screen, Samsung quality (compared to the many cheap large screen phablets available online), great if your primariy use your phones screen, really great for internet and video!Cons: Not usable one-handed, may not fit in smaller/female pockets, slightly slower than top phones (S4, HTC One ,etc), no LTE in USA

The Samsung Galaxy I received was perfect for my needs. Many of my friends called it a &#34;flat screen&#34;, however I refer to it as &#34;a phone by day, tablet by night&#34;. Features are awesome, camera functional and graphics very good. Only wish had receive the update for android 4.4 Kitkat by now.Overall I would recommend this device to anyone

Of course, the primary selling point is the huge screen... but it has good quality and features, akin to the smaller Samsung Galaxy S relatives. Well worth the money and great for the eyes.

Wow, I loved this phone.  Great for playing games and surfing the web.  Really big screen.  I thought the phone was going to be too big, but after I got it, it doesn't seem to the case.  It can actually fit in you pant pocket and the phone is really thin and light weight.  Great battery and can last me all day long with moderate to heavy use.  The only draw back is the phone only has 8 gb with only 4 gb useable storage.  I wish it comes with a 16gb or 32 gb version.

I am loving 8 so far and it is light and easy to carry. I just received it few hours ago and I luv 8 for now and I am going to see what happen in few weeks from now.

Its great it got here on time and if you like big screens than this is the answer.  I recommend it.

I used to have the s3 which I loved except I literally had to plug in at 4 o'clock in the afternoon everyday, even with little use. I wanted something with a larger screen and also with a battery that lasted for the whole day. With the Mega I have not once had to plug it in until night. Even with heavy use, watching videos, editing videos and other activities, the battery always lasts me the whole day.The only thing I've noticed about the screen is that if you have it tilted back a lot it's kind of hard to see (compared to the s3) but that is such a minor issue. You can see it just fine in the daylight (even better than s3).Yes, you can put it in your pocket. Several of the high school kids have challenge me. I've had them try and even the boys who wear the skinny jeans can fit it.Bought a prepaid SIM card for tmobile at Walmart and had it up and running in no time (no special adjustments needed). Wifi is fast.The only other negative I can think of is that I had to figure out how to change the language from French. Wish I could remember because then I could tell you guys. It's cool because it also came with an international power supply, so it will come in handy the next time I visit Italy. I'm using my old s3 charger. ..but Samsung includes an adapter for US outlets if you need one.

This is my second one( I lost the other one)  In the mean time I got the i phone 5S but there is no comparison!!!

I chose this rating because my need for a cell phone of this  format matched my expectations exactly. I chose this rating because after using and handling this handset has bridged a gap I needed between cell phone and tablet e-reader. My intentions were to buy an I-Pad Mini--the newer one when it comes available, which hasn't yet happened. Until the more improved I-Pad Mini happens I can with my new Samsung Galaxy Mega i9205 order and read relatively comfortably my e-magazines and view and edit photographs all on my phone and store them neatly in the Cloud. I am very pleased with this new Android product and I am an Apple product devotee.
