
I like Blackberry's and physical keyboards, so this review will be slanted with that bias:I really like the Q10 itself, the phone and the basic operating system. The phone is pretty to look at and feels solid in your hands. Keyboard is easy to use, and though different than my previous Tour, and I was able to get the hang of it quickly. Operating system isn't my favorite, but is an overall improvement and will get better with time.What does suck pretty hard is the overall lack of anything to do on the phone (outside basic phone functions). This would improve with new applications, but the huge lack now makes this a pretty glaring reason to avoid this phone.While I don't regret the purchase, I'm bidding my time until Android apps can be run virtually on the device, as I don't think there will ever be a decent amount of native applications.

I am a avid blackberry user that held out for the new Q10 because I love blackberry. While it is comparable to all the other touch screen phones on the market, it lost many of the great functions that I loved on my old blackberry. I can't change the sound profiles like would like to, the speed dial function is poor.On the bright side the browser is finally usable and the battery is good.

I saw a review complaining about a small screen and how hard this phone was to use.  I have to disagree completely.  I have had my Q10 for 3 weeks  now and have never complained about the screen size or the ability to swipe the screen.  If you are an ogre with large hands or you do not have an thumb this phone may be hard to use.  Otherwise navigating the Q10 is easy.  It took me 2 days to get used to the new OS.If you want a phone to play games on and watch TV this may not be the phone for you.  I am a grown man though and have a large TV at home.  I don't play the games or watch to many videos on my phone. I send emails, view spreadsheets and check financial information on my Q10 and it has made it easy. The screen is the perfect size for fast navigation.The only flaw I have seen so far is the inability to have individuals tones for SMS contacts, but I imagine that will be addressed in an update. I let it slide on the account of growing pains of a new OS.  I went the touch screen route for a couple of years with the iPhone 4S and regretted my decision for 2 years.  Now I am back to being productive with my smart phone.Bottom Line: If you want to communicate quickly this is the phone for you.  I you want to play games it is not.

I started out with BlackBerry when it worked like a pager and didn't have a phone component.  I had several more BlackBerries until the iPhone 3G came out and then I was an iPhone user with a 3GS, 4, and 5.  This is an excellent phone and for those of us business users who love the quick typing of a keyboard, this phone is a very nice fit with most of the conveniences of other smart phones.  You have to realize this is basically version 1 of the OS so beware it is not as mature as the competition.  The version on my phone is 10.1.0.2038.  They seem to be coming out with updates regularly so some of my comments may be rendered moot by a future release.Things I don't like:* Android ports don't work as well as native &#34;Built for BlackBerry&#34; apps so you might find yourself avoiding many of the apps in BlackBerry World in favor of the few but better native apps.* Only 1 twitter account in the app that comes with the phone (and is tied to the Hub).* Not much choice on the music streaming front yet.  Spotify would make this phone awesome.  I Heart Radio is native and works well.  We can only hope more choice arrives in the future.* Some things functions are not as polished as you would experience with iPhone.  I would expect that to be fixed over time.* I have two friends left on BBM which makes it useless.  It set the standard a long time ago but now they need to get people back on there to make it useful.* The great old professional ringtones are gone.  You can still download and use older BlackBerry tones but this phone comes with a weak offering.  Luckily it is easy enough to fix but surprising considering all my old phones had a better selection.Things I like:* BlackBerry as always is a great tool for communication.* BlackBerry is not tied to a major Internet player.  You are not really making a commitment to an ecosystem like Google, Apple, or Microsoft.* Syncing with Exchange is better than anything currently offered by Apple or Android.  You get everything plus your notes.  I am on Microsoft 365 using their hosted Exchange server and everything syncs perfectly using ActiveSync (no need for BES server)* The Hub really works well.  It can be a little much if you are getting slammed with communications on a particular day but you can toggle off anything that gets in the way of your important stuff.* Accepting invitations, friend requests, and dealing with Linkedin and Twitter through the hub is a joy.  The invitations are really the way it should be on any phone to accept or decline a meeting.  Android and Apple should copy what they have done for this function.  I deal with sending and receiving invitations all day and I live on my calendar.* The battery is as good as any smartphone.  I can go all day on this phone.  To be fair, I could go all day most days on an iPhone as well but the battery should not be a concern.* It is a very well built phone and it feels great in my hand.  It fits perfectly in the front pocket of a dress shirt which is where I keep mine during the day.  I find the huge phones out now to be a weird thing that probably do not appeal to many people who carry a phone on the go for working.  Also  being a heavy text user I benefit from the keyboard but also the size.  I struggle to type on the larger phones to reach keys quickly with my thumbs.* The multimedia and browsing capabilities have improved to acceptable to replace another smart phone.  These features arent great yet but the browser is very good and works well enough that most people will be happy.* I love BlackBerry Travel.  I had it a long time ago and replaced it with TripIt on iPhone but I'm glad to have it back.Over all if you want a phone that does what you need for calling/texting/emailing/social media and you don't depend on your phone as a replacement for your home TV, you might be very happy with the Q10.

It's a tough phone to compare as many buy it for the keyboard, I send 3,000 plus texts a month so for me this phone is a must.  Blackberry customer support is also really wonderful.  I can say that 10.1 still has some issues so I'm looking forward to 10.2 in hopes that fixes them.  I do expect this with any phone though and when it happens I would much rather deal with Blackberry than any other maker in terms of customer support.  One other issue, when setting mine down it would reboot randomly, sometimes 6-10 times a day.  I would be aware of this if yours does it and swap it out ASAP if so.  I simply cut a little piece of a business card off and put it in the battery compartment to tighten up the connection, it's an embarrassing issue and disappointing on a high end phone but that fixed it and I'm more than willing to deal with the few issues it has to support Blackberry as they certainly make a superior product.  Blackberry OS is a JOY to use!

This is the best Blackberry phone ever! Finally, i have a phone with a real touchscreen, apps and 4G! Upgrading from a Bold 9930 this phone is like 10x better in every possible way. Web browser that actually works! I can open attachments in seconds with all native apps! I can scroll through thousands of emails and contacts in seconds and they don't take up my entire screen. I can actually do everything the rest of the world has been doing for 5 years plus actually have a REAL KEYBOARD so i can actually respond to emails in seconds without making a million typos and wrong auto-corrects, like all the idiots around me on the bus/train typing like fifth graders with their silly 2 fingers!! (I haven't looked at my fingers to type in 25 years, so no, i will never type on a flat piece of glass and take homosapien evolution back 2 billion years.) You can sideload all the cool Android apps like Google Maps (with navigation, works perfectly!), Amazon, Kindle, OKcupid, Candy Crush Saga, etc. to satisfy and shut up all the stupid Android zombies and iSheep. I have 5,413 contacts as i'm a real estate agent and it breezes through them just like Blackberry always has with the ability to search 1000's of fields in seconds (including Company name, which for some reason half the Android phones still can't do! Android just farts and crashes, and stupid apps like Go SMS/Contacts throw smartphones into epileptic seizures if you try to throw this many contacts or any real data at them). Plus you no longer need BES enterprise, so i can get my Exchange mail and pay $15 less a month on my phone plan, and have a real email instead of Google's gARBAGEmail that looks like email did in 1993!Anyone who actually does WORK on their phone and doesn't just use it as a toy to play games and watch YouTube videos owes it to themselves to buy this phone. Guess what? It's actually a good PHONE,  a good contact manager, a good email device, and a good organizer. Not just a toy/miniature video playback device with a giant screen like everything else on the market. I paid $600 retail for this because i'm still in my plan and my Bold 9930 is going up on eBay. Worth every penny. Finally, i have joined the smartphone world where i can actually get work done AND have an awesome smartphone in one device. That's why i use a Blackberry!!

IT WAS A LONG WAITING FOR THIS SMALL AND VERY COMPACT SMART PHONE, BUT IT WAS WORTHY THE WAIT.IT RUN SUPER FAST. THE PIC ARE CRYSTAL CLEAR, AND IT HAVE MORE AND BETTER FEATURES.IN MY OPINION THIS PHONE IS BETTER THAT THE GALAXY.

I don't understand why BlackBerry products are so underated. When shopping for a tablet, I did't want to pay 5-6 hundred dollars. I searched for a while & one day found BlackBerry Playbook tablet, $199, 64GB!!  All the kinks were worked out by the time I purchased it. I love my Playbook, it doesn't have droid apps but I can surf the web, e-read, e-mail, etc, play games, there is plenty to do. I don't use it for work, just play.I've never owned a smartphone but when I heard BlackBerry came out with their OS10 & physical qwerty keyboard, I had to get one just because it was compatible with my tablet. I was so happy with my tablet, I just knew these folks would have to make a phone that rocks. Sure the screen is small but I don't need to watch movies on it. The camera is a whopping 8MP. It can switch back & forth between 4G & Wi-fi, by itself you don't have to keep changing it. I-phone users tell me their phone can't switch by itself, they have to switch it manually.What keeps surprizing me is every time I tell people how happy I am with the BlackBerry tablet & phone, they always say two things: (1) I didn't know BlackBerry had a tablet  (2) I thought BlackBerry was used for work or work related.  How did it get this rep? It must be a workhorse for the companies to select it as their mode of communication. It must be reliable. It must be the ultimate & awesome!!! I am hooked on BlackBerry, they just need to work on their promotional skills. The product is there, now the BB sales crew needs to get there.

I used a BlackBerry for years, but the old browsers were such duds that I succumbed to the lure of other smartphones.  I hated my HTC because of its twitchy touchscreen, and settled in with an iPhone for a couple of years. The iPhone was great fun, it just wasn't a great PHONE. I found myself missing the speed and accuracy of the classic Blackberry keyboard and the great sound quality.  The Z10 seemed like an iPhone wannabe, so I was thrilled to read good reviews of the Q10.  I gave my iPhone to my daughter, have used the Q10 for two weeks, and have no regrets.Yes, you CAN go back to a smaller screen when it is as sharp as this one.  The battery life is excellent, the browser is fast, and the phone feels good in my hand.  The camera is better than my iPhone's.  I did have to explore for a while to get used to navigating through the features, but it wasn't difficult.  I don't watch movies or read books on my phone; I don't need to stare at my phone 24-hours a day.  The apps I use are available in native format and work extremely well.  And I can write detailed emails as quickly and accurately as if I were on my computer.If you've never had a BlackBerry, the Q10 might be a challenge.  But if you have and you liked it &#34;back in the day,&#34; don't hesitate to come back. Just because all-touch screens are the current rage doesn't mean they're the only way.

This is a great device.  I just came over to Blackberry from an iPhone 4S and I am not looking back.  The OS is incredible - fast and smooth, and the physical keyboard is responsive and easy to use.  If you are one of those cell users like me who missed a real keyboard, look no further than the Q10.  It's portable which I love.  The browser is excellent, camera is great, it has an expandable SD slot for memory cards.  This phone does it all - especially messaging; the 'Hub' is where you can see your messages/emails/missed calls in one spot, which is actually really helpful.  All in all this is a fantastic device.  If you are upgrading from a Blackberry 7 device or looking to switch from the monopoly of iphone / Samsung Galaxy, then look no further.

Best phone out there for the business person but definitely has room for improvement.  Miss the answer and End buttons directly on the phone. Also miss the email inbox directly on the desktop. Love the qwerty keyboard, probably the best one one.

The upshot is-- if Blackberry had issued the Q10 first, their devices would be on fire with demand right now. The Z10 was an ok launch, but most of those looking at BB these days are keyboard junkies, as am I. Here's my take-- this is just big enough and modern enough to let you really enjoy the swiping, wiping and lightning fast full internet browser touch screen that was lagging farther and farther behind the competition until the new Operating System. Very quickly, though, you'll realize the second nature use of the keyboard is still there and makes this a completely utilitarian device, too. The slightly bigger size is not enough to hinder the one hand type input that many BB users can do in their sleep. So, you get a little classic and a little leading edge all in one device. The bells are there as well- high quality camera, voice commands (suspiciously like Siri), video calling, shared device viewing and even the little tap of the phones data sharing. Nice job and kudos to the designers. Boo hoo to whoever came up with the launch order, though...

I enjoy it, takes time to get use to it but it's a great phone, I love it more then then the Iphone,

I have been a fan of blackberry for a long time and haven't switched to iPhone or android, primarily because I like the convenience of QWERTY Keyboard.The big plus with Q10 is that I get Blackberry 10 features along with the familiar keyboard option. The screen is bright and easy to read even in sunlight and the battery life is not bad.The only minus: it is a blackberry, which means I don't look "cool" with a Q10. There again, cool is not what I want in a smartphone!

The last Blackberry I had owned prior to this phone was the Curve back in 2008-10. I replaced that with an HTC Incredible, that with a Droid 3 and that with an iPhone 5. I have to say, it's a great phone, it does everything I want it to do. Most of the reviews here have covered how great it is, so a few cons for the phone:-No electrical contacts on the back. I had 2 older BB devices and they both had tiny electrical contacts on the back, so you could buy a cradle from Blackberry for about $10, hook it to your charger and drop the phone right in. WHY HAVE THEY ABANDONED THIS. It was the perfect way to handle charging the phone. It's just aggravating.-The software can be buggy at times. I used a backdoor method to install a few Android apps on mine and they work well enough but it'd be nice to have say, KIK Messenger, run natively on the BB10 OS. Also the newest update causes some weird stuff to happen with the text message program.-Photo quality. I came from an iPhone 5 to this thing. As far as the camera goes, there's no comparison. Apple wins. I understand BB users usually aren't as concerned about picture quality, it's just an honest detraction from the phone.Some people complain about the screen size, but I don't understand that. If you're buying this kind of phone, one with a keyboard that doesn't clumsily slide in and out, you know what you're getting. Complaining about screen size seems a bit goofy.Other than that, it's a great great device. These are the only grumps I have with it. If you want a giant screen, a shiny appliance, a cute thing with cute commercials that everyone else has, to replace once a year, buy a Samsung, an iPhone, an HTC. But if you want something that puts usability, function and communication over the ability to take great photos or watch HD streaming video, this phone is your bro.

There are pros and cons to this phoneNOTE: I purchased a Mugen 4400 Mah Battery with a new battery cover for the back. This cover has the antenna built-in just like the original Blackberry battery cover. However, the Mugen cover gets better RF reception than the original Blackberry battery cover & antenna. Not sure why, but I did extensive testing measuring the signal strength in -dbm to be sure there was an improvement. It is not a huge difference in RF reception, but enough to make a noticeable difference.PROS* Good RF reception in rural areas ... but not as good as the older generation Blackberry phones I have used.* Battery life is just OK ... Blackberry should offer an extended battery ... but they don't.* Phone call and voice quality is good.* Speakerphone is good.CONSThere are some bugs and glitches in the software interface as follows:* You cannot swipe up from a phone call to get to other screens on the phone .... without hanging up the phone. The work around I came up with is to tap "NOTES" and then swipe out of the screen. You can also use tap "AUDIO" and then swipe up and out of the call screen. This is the ONLY way to get out of the screen.  I confirmed this with Blackberry ... they tried it on a Q10 and had the same issues I did.* When making a conference call, you cannot un-merge a call or hang-up on the other call. The only way to disconnect the call is to hang up ... which disconnects both calls ... and then call back the party you want to speak with. I confirmed this with Blackberry ... they tried it on a Q10 and had the same issues I did.* Not a bug but a much needed feature. There should be hard buttons for certain features ... like the older Blackberry phones. One I would like to see is the "ARROW" button working like a back or home key to bring you out of the phone screen ... or any screen for that matter. It would be nice if this worked as back button for all screens and it would be very nice if it worked as a back button for the browser as well.Bottom Line - Good phone ... but the interface still needs some work and Blackberry needs to improve RF performance to the level of old Blackberry phones.

I am completely happy with my Blackberry Q10. The new operating system is awesome, the phone itself is great and I will be a repeat Blackberry customer. I believe my information is more secure on a very solid and well made phone. Overall I am happy and satisfied with my purchase.

Love the phone - processor, capabilities, etc. Only wish - more apps available that are common - banking apps, etc. but overall, I am happy.

Without question this is the best device I've ever had for professional use. It can't compare with other smart phones for gaming, video etc...but that's not what I need it for. I need fast communication, easy navigation, quick and sure typing, good memory, great file management and this phone has it all. I am baffled why more professionals don't use them. I've also owned the Iphone and Samsung Galaxy S4 and this Q10 wins hands down for business on the go.

I did a lot of research before purchasing this phone. I have used the Droids, and the Iphone 3, 4, 5. I had some apprehensions about this phone before I purchased this, but am VERY happy with it. I will list pros and cons below. If you are an Android or Iphone user, and are somewhat familiar with Blackberry (or even not) , this is a great phone!PROS:VOICE: I have never had a cell phone with this clarity of voice. Ever. EVER! I have Verizon, and it is clear, loud, and people often ask if I am on a landline or home phone.TEXTS: Coming from iphone, small adjustment, but not much. Of course, you are probably using a BB for the tactile keys...but it is easy once a thread is started, and nicely done.EMAIL: Great! Super easy to see , type, forward, deleted, etc. Much easier than a pure touch screen.THE HUB! THE GREATEST THING ABOUT THIS!!!! The Hub is command central, with texts, emails ,voice calls, whatever you are doing. Once you learn the SWIPE system and modes, it is easy.CAMERA: Frankly, better than the iphone 5..crisp pics, easy to access Facebook, etc.It is not as intuitive as the iphone, but unless you plan to use this a lot for social media, it is fine for the occasional pics, upload to FB, etc.SOCIAL MEDIA: Easy acccess to Twitter, Facebook, etc.PLEASE NOTE: For anyone who complains this phone is outdated, or you are thinking of a BB from 2009, this is WAY BETTER! BB 10 is a combo of touch screen and tactile keys, so it is well done.SIZE: Wider than an iphone, but had the familiar heft and BB feel. Well made . Doesn't feel cheapNOTIFICAIONS: The hub, as noted, is command central. Also, the traditional blinking red light is there, and sounds and vibrate notifications.BROWSER/WEB:TEN TIMES better than old BB..very fast, especially on Verizon 4G LTEBATTERY: THIS ALONE WOULD BE WORTH BUYING THIS PHONE! NOT ONLY IS IT REMOVABLE, but it lasts me a day and half with heavy, heavy use. It will take several cycles to train the battery, so don't panic at first. I keep a spare charged as needed.OPERATING SYSTEMS OBSERVATIONS: This phone is a very nice combo of touch screen and tactile keys. You CAN use a touchscreen only for phone calls, and texts, and not use the tactile keys for anything but typing, or use the on screen keyboard and dialing pad. I like that is not like the old BB's , with crappy browsers, etc, but very fast, with 4G LTE on Verizon, it blazes!CONS:APPS: As noted, the Apps are limited. However, it has the most used ones...Facebook, Twitter, Linked In, Skype, etc. I don't use my phone as a toy, it is a business workhorse.SYSTEM: Takes a while to get system down of swipes/ moving around, but if you are coming from a Android or Apple ecosystem, you learn fast. ONCE YOU LEARN IT (It took me four hours) , you are on!Texting: If you have a longer text, sometimes hard to see whole field without scrolling down, but that is minor, in my view.THIS IS A GREAT PHONE!

The Q10 BlackBerry volume is very low and it is very hard swipe.  I Know 13 people who have returned their BlackBerry Q10  phones and are back to using their BlackBerry Bold 9900 or 9930.

Let me start here first by saying that i have had and used an iPhone 5, Samsung 3, and a handful of other recent devices. There were certain things i liked about all of them. But, for an all-around PHONE that can also surf the web, play my music, show some videos if needed and pound out email and text like there is no tomorrow the Q10 is the beast. Love the feel, layout, design and stability of the software. Apps are not an issue for me as I primarily use the device for work where texting and emailing our important. I use it next most to play my music and it does this flawlessly. Any app I can't find on Blackberry I have located via GoodeReader and loaded the android version. Best all-around phone I have ever used.

Went from an HTC Thunderbolt to a Nokia Lumia 822 to this Q10 and there is no looking back.  Perfect smartphone for a businessman.

As a Canadian I felt bad that Blackberry was going under... now I can see why! this phone is terrible. in comparison to the iphone i used to have its like stepping back to 2001 in terms of useability. For example, the Bluetooth will connect to my car but will not play music. Google tells me that many people have this problem but no one has the answer. Other issues include files not loading to the phone properly (or not at all), an almost unmanageable Blackberry Link application, convoluted operating system, and terribly selection for apps amonst a host of other issues. Save yourself and your money and do not buy this phone!! How anyone could write a favorable review of this phone is totally beyond me.

I strongly prefer a physical keyboard over a virtual one on the screen.  The current keyboard offerings on Android devices are outdated, and my employer supports email integration with Blackberry 10 so I thought I would try this phone.  My feedback after a week with the new phone:- If you have had a Blackberry in the past, this will feel very similar in terms of the quality keyboard and heft of the device.The screen quality is a huge improvement over older Blackberry's.  Watching video (albeit on a small screen) is actually very nice.- If you are looking  for a lot of aps to choose from, you may be disappointed.  I was not - this is a work device and email, texting, calendar, and call quality are what I need.  Yes, they have angry birds and some radio aps,, sports scores, poker games, etc. but not nearly as many  as on other operating systems.- The Blackberry 10 OS needs some learning - I recommend finding some YouTube videos like I did.  Once you understand the different gestures and menu structure, the device is fantastic. It reminded me of learning Apple's iOS in that you had to play with the phone and watch someone else do it to get the tricks.- The ability to touch the screen and use the keyboard together is great.  Don't want to pinch the screen to zoom in within the browser?  Simply press "i" to zoom in. Great, and one of many like that.  Once you get comfortable with the back and firth between the two input methods, you become very efficient.- sound quality is great and battery life seems decent.I recommend the phone if you want a keyboard and are not looking for a zillion aps.  If you want a big screen media device phone and the most apps, look elsewhere.If you primarily want a keyboard  phone and are happy with the trade-offs, you should strongly consider this phone.

What a great phone. It is the ultimate communication device. The keyboard is designed so it makes it difficult to hit the wrong key. I love having all my messages in one central location and I also love being able to respond to a text without leaving an app. If your aim is efficiency and time is money, then get the BlackBerry Q10.

Notice I didn't say best smartphone ever?  Because different people need different things from their smartphones, so that title is subjective. Objectively and measurable...for email, text, social networking, etc, there is no device anywhere close to this phone.Not for people who need their phone for Netflix and 3D gaming. Understand, I am not belittling those pastimes, but this won't serve you well if that is what you use your phone for.Anyway. Best keyboard EVER on any device. Wait until you start clicking away at it. The rush of power you will feel as you hit every key as intended, no mistakes, no auto-correction...amazing. Monster battery, I tortured it for 11 hours at work, still over 50% at end of day. Small screen, but brilliant, clear, responsive. The 10.1 update mine came installed with has numerous improvements over BB10 initial release.Perfect weight and feel and size. Snappy, nice camera with HDR now. So much to be excited about. LOVE this phone.

This is my second blackberry, as I have been around to android, apple and back! There is simply nothing quite like physical keys for handling true grown folk &#34;bid-ness&#34;! In my opinion blackberry has accomplished the daunting task of making a device that can compete with the most modern phones, while still remaining as true to the classics blackberry form as possible. Sure, they have done away with the physical return, menu and phone end keys, but with a little time and patience, the new form within the BB10 software makes perfect sensse. The Q10 is my first experience with BB10 and I am impressed! It does everything I need with many bells and whistles. For a 4G phone with dual core, this has the best battery life I have experienced (note, I have never owned any of the Super MAXXX phones to compare, just other 4G phones with similar specs). With moderate yet consistent use, I can get through an entire day+ on one charge...NO JOKE! Camera and camcorders is great. And let me say...the speaker phone is phenominal (just a small-big deal to me). And I dont even neee to mention the best keyboard in the history of the QWERTY...dont worry, its still the best! Now you're probably asking &#34;Well dag fanboy, what are the cons?!&#34; Well, no surprise the app world is anemic, but even there I find most everything I need (plus I have found a real easy way to side load android apps...uh oh!) The real con is the bad wrap blackberry is getting from all the media and the whispers of the company selling off. I mean, sure, they lagged a bit too much and got their lunch ate by apple and android in recent years, but for a company who has reinvented themselves and delivered a high quality product that can compete again, I think they should be commended!  Thanks Blackberry for coming through with the Q10...best communication device to date!

As with any new OS, some limitations can be annoying. I am a heavy user of the notepad app and cannot understand why there is no &#34;Find on Page&#34; function, for example. But OS updates are rolling out regularly, and overall the OS is quite coherent, particularly strong in messaging and contact management and calendering. By coherent I mean that the OS is really designed around getting things done and essential functions link and work in a smooth and intuitive way. The OS was built from the ground up to help get things done and that's really the Blackberry advantage. Note though that the interface is a bit different from Android or iOS so it take a little getting used to (gesture controls is what I'm referring to).It will not have every app the iphone has; however recent OS update vastly improved compatibility with android apps, which can be installed by going to Apitode, or Amazon App Store, or directly from Google Play with Blackberry app called &#34;Snap&#34; (which requires a slightly technical workaround to install). Having access to a large majority of android apps (not all are compatible, but improvements seem to come with every OS release) is a huge improvement. All in all I really live the device.

This is the best phone for me, I recommed 100% with VERIZON connection even better.I love it, thanks BLACKBERRY.

Very nice modern, industrial, tactile look and feel! Both this and the Z10 have a sturdy yet light feel to them. Great keyboard to punch out those messages and documents. Psychically the Q10 is a sweet spot and not drastic evolution of BlackBerry. BlackBerry 10 is a very impressive mobile computing platform and the updates it has been receiving are making it even better. There are some little things missing that are already lined up for 10.2 update, so BlackBerry is developing quickly. Don't be discouraged by the gesture based interface, it is not hard at all. There are tutorials right on the Q10 Setup app that will guide you through certain gestures. Take a few hours to learn your way around and you will find how useful and intuitive the gestures are or the whole user experience is overall. The battery life is very good! Yes the screen is small for todays standards of "it is never big enough", but that is the whole point and it is good quality 3.1-inch HD AMOLED touchscreen display (720 x 720; 330 ppi). Anyone complaining obviously purchased one blindly and are not after the benefits of a smaller screen. There are too many features to explain here that you can find on other reviews or videos. I will say this though: it is not just a business phone! Media experience is still fun especially when there is an HDMI output to hook up to any HDMI capable screen.

Best phone ever if you like the tough Blackberry engineering, the qwerty tactile key pad and the latest 4G LTE connectivity. It also has the same touch screen attributes as any of the best large full screen devices. I say 5 Star

I really do love this phone, the keyboard is awesome.  If you use this device mainly for business communications, i.e. email, text, phone, calendar, etc. it can't be beat.  The camera is very good, a big improvement over previous BB models. The browser is very fast and it loads web pages beautifully. I do wish it was easier to edit text (bring back the track pad in a virtual version possibly?) and it does take a little time to learn how to use effectively even for seasoned BB owners.  My company has also not yet adapted the BB10 enterprise, so it is not fully supported like previous BB operating systems (hopefully that will change soon!).The downside, as has been mentioned previously, is that the screen is smaller than its competition; so if you are primarily using this phone for watching video, gaming or general web browsing you might want to consider an iPhone of Samsung galaxy.  It also lacks the app selection, which wasn't a big deal to me, but I was surprised some very popular apps that I used a lot and were available on previous BB 6 or 7, were not available on for BB10 (Pandora, Shazam, Amazon, B of A).  I also have not been able to figure out how to edit pictures names (rename a saved or new picture), it was very easy on my previous BB.  Maybe I just haven't figured it out, but it seems to be missing that capability (if anyone knows how to do this please respond!).All in all an excellent choice for the business oriented mobile user.

As a blackberry user for over 9 years, I was eager to get the new Q10. After hours of playing around with the phone, I realized that Blackberry did an good job on updating the browser, but they left out the native features that every blackberry user is accustom to. I know its a new OS, but I feel that they could have did a better job. After one day, I am returning the phone until BB can get it right, months down the line.

the spacebar was broken so i sent it back... to bad beacuse i love blackberry... i got a white q10 again and the data 4g chip was defective... hesitant about reordering a third one... but then again the new one comes out in september... ill just wait for the new one.

I am truly in love with my Q10!! I still haven't figured out all the bells and whistles, but the combo of the qwerty keyboard and touch screen is perfect!! I am a dedecated Blackberry user, don't know what I would do if they ever went away!!

I LOVE Blackberry products. They have great battery life, they have excellent design and the keyboard is excellent.But Blackberry doesn't have all the apps you might hope for. No google toolkit, no Pandora, no words with friends. There's no possibility of finding an app that your friend/family member can also use (grocery apps, game apps) if they don't also have a Blackberry.I've had this phone a couple days and I'm going to return it in interest of finding another keyboard with a Droid operating system. I'm disappointed, I had high hopes.

The keyboard is great. The interface is beautiful. The screen is bright and high resolution. The browser works great. Remember app syncs with Evernote and with outlook.Only bad thing is does not have expo rates app

Difficult to work, did not respond well to swipes, data did not load well, had to repeat. very unsatisfactory. returned

It was harder than I expected to transition from my previous Blackberry to this one.  I'm not a big fan of touch screens.  I'm embarrassed by how long it took me to find the power switch.  I miss my &#34;back&#34; button that was replaced with swiping and tapping.  I'm still adjusting, but I prefer my new Blackberry to anything else available out there.  It's a high quality product.

THIS is the smartphone I've been waiting for.  I don't need an entertainment device (although there are plenty of apps for that) - I need a solid communication tool that isn't a brick .....this is it. I couldn't be happier.

I'll leave it to the other excellent reviews on this site and others to cover the web browser (world class) and the keyboard etc.  The HUB, swiping,multitasking, etc make this the most powerful communications hand held device in the world for my money.  Initial release software had some gaps which are continually being remedied.The purpose of this review is to look a little ahead to what Blackberry has already done in substance and just not released to the general public. The 10.2.1 Beta software programs that are readily available out there (Crackberry is the best site) provide a glimpse of the future.  I'm running the latest leak.  Blackberry has refined the Android player, added previews, a really cool picture lock home screen tool, priority hub and a ton of other meaningful improvements.  But, its the Android player that needs to be addressed.  This latest OS allows the direct install of many (not all but most) Android programs from a number of third party sites such a 1mobile, Amazon, and others without &#34;sideloading.&#34;  The &#34;App Gap&#34; has been effectively closed - at least for those of us on this publicly available beta.  I'm running NetFlix, Instagram, Stumbleupon, CVS Drug Store,Starbucks and on and on.  They all now run fast and fairly smooth and we're not even at the final versions yet.  So, the Q10 and the Z10 and Z30 actually now have one of the widest app selections in the world.  The entire BB10 app world and most of the Android world.  Right now one needs to be a bit of a techie to get the Android apps but over the next few months I'm sure Blackberry will make this OS public and simplify the process.

It took me about a month to decide whether I wanted the Blackberry Q10 or the Samsung Galaxy S4.  Eventually I went to the local Verizon store to actually handle both units and that made the decision quite a bit easier.  I&#8217;m a keyboard person, so I was very much inclined to the Blackberry.  I&#8217;d owned two prior Blackberries, and didn&#8217;t feel like learning how to use a different phone.  Actually handling the phone showed me that the Q10 is exactly what I wanted it to be: a miniature computer that I can actually do work on (as opposed to a miniature DVD player that I can fritter away hours with playing games and watching movies).  After handling the two units, I made up my mind to go with the Q10, and ordered one from Amazon because they were $130 cheaper than my local store (I&#8217;ll buy local, but you have to be closer than $130 in price).The unit arrived promptly in the mail and I had to go through the process of switching over my account.  This all went relatively easily, but I had a problem getting my contact information on the Q10.  Apparently the Q10 uses an operating system that is incompatible with the Curve 9370 which I had been using.  Eventually I got it to work, but I couldn&#8217;t walk you through the process.I decided to wait a week before I wrote a review because I knew I would be frustrated as I got used to the new phone.  That little snafu with the contact list would have dropped my rating a star all in itself.  There are some quirks that you have to work around which take about a week to familiarize yourself with.  Once you get used to it, it&#8217;s an effective phone.  Here are some areas that need to be discussed:Keyboard:Let&#8217;s face it, this is why we buy a Blackberry.  The Q10 boasts the &#8220;best keyboard available on any smartphone&#8221; and after using it I am inclined to agree.  At first, I thought the 9370 had a better keyboard.  The buttons are more rounded and it feels more precise.  But it&#8217;s just a matter of getting used to the Q10.  The whole unit is a little bigger and this keyboard works just fine.Touch screen vs track pad:Half the reason I prefer a keyboard is that I seem to have big, fat fingers that don&#8217;t access the correct thing on a touch screen EVER!  I always get the item immediately above or below the item I actually wanted.  I had gotten used to the 9370 track pad because it allowed you to make your selections but never forced you to cover up your screen with your finger.  Plus, there are directional buttons on the 9370 that allow for a bit more precision when you&#8217;re correcting a text.  However, the Q10 has a feature where you can place a cursor on your text and then slide it to the left and right which is effective for making corrections.  It isn&#8217;t quite as good or precise as the directional buttons, but it is effective enough.  I&#8217;m getting used to the touch screen and it has some advantages.Constant Swiping:The interface for the Q10 is really where it shows a bit of &#8220;iphone envy.&#8221;  I don&#8217;t know what the deal is in our society today that instills people with an obsessive need to stroke their phone.  Getting the Q10 to do something is the equivalent of petting a cat, and this is probably my biggest gripe with the unit.  With the 9370, for example, you&#8217;d see a flashing light that indicated a message, hit the unlock button, and scroll to the text message icon.  Boom!  With the Q10 there are a couple extra steps.  When you see the flashing &#8220;message&#8221; light you have to 1. unlock the unit by pushing the button on the top 2. swipe away the initial screen (bottom to top swipe) 3. go to the hub (or go to the text message icon) 4. open the message.  It doesn&#8217;t seem like much, but it&#8217;s a couple extra steps that you have to perform every...single...time.  The whole sequence is the type of thing that is convenient for showing off the unit in a show room, but gets annoying during actual use.General Interface Irritations:You have to learn a couple swipes just to make this unit work, swipes that start off screen and then go in various directions.  For example, to close an app you have to do a bottom to top swipe that minimizes the app where you can just close it (ironically, iphone has a BUTTON for performing this same feature).  Inside apps, a top to bottom swipe will open up options menu.  There are also menus that appear from right to left swipes and left to right.  The lack of symmetry kind of irritates me.  You have to think a little bit too much about which direction you have to swipe to get what you want.The Hub:I&#8217;m not too excited about the hub.  To get to it you have to swipe all the way to the left to access a vertical menu that connects you with all your social media and email stuff.  However, this tool is a little too rigid in my opinion.  For example, I have 3 different Facebook accounts that I use for various businesses, but there is no option for installing 3 different Facebook accounts onto your phone.  I used to be able to just log in and out with my 9370, but that&#8217;s inconvenient on the Q10 because every time you log into Facebook with the app it wants to download all your contact information onto your phone (I don&#8217;t want the names of 5000 people I only casually known on my phone).  Sure, all you have to do is disable the &#8220;download contacts&#8221; feature, but it&#8217;s annoying to have to do it every...single...time.  This is the kind of thing that drives me nuts about Apple (and why I won&#8217;t buy Apple products): the fact that the units are specifically programmed ONLY to be used a certain way.  If I&#8217;m going to buy a device it&#8217;s MY tool and I want to be able to use it however I want.  Reoccurring automatic prompts for absurd procedures do not help me.  Programmers sitting in little cubicles thousands of miles away cannot conceive of how I want to use my device.  Don&#8217;t be so &#8220;helpful&#8221; just sit there, shut up, and do what you&#8217;re told.  If I wanted to be told what to do, I&#8217;d buy an Apple product.The Camera:Ok, the thing that annoys me about all cell phones is that the cameras are always mediocre.  When is Olympus or Cannon going to make a camera which is also a cell phone.  To make a good camera you need a big lens!  These tiny little cell phone lenses are terrible.  Also, the lens should be in the middle of the phone for stability, and there should be a button on the edge of the unit for taking a photo.  Also, I&#8217;d like a button that instantly called up the camera (the 9370 had this) rather than have to swipe through a dozen redundant screens while the object I was trying to photograph scampers off into the woods.  Get rid of the rear facing lens (you&#8217;ll use that twice) and give me a solid camera body with the cell phone functions.  That&#8217;s how you get ahead of Apple Blackberry!  Not with a stupid feature that allows you to &#8220;rewind&#8221; a group photo so everyone is smiling.Apps:No kindle app and the .pdf readers are pretty much terrible for what I need them for.  I&#8217;ve downloaded a couple, they&#8217;re garbage.  However, there are a couple nice camera apps, one even has a tilt shift feature that&#8217;s kind of nice.  If only this took real pictures.All that being said, I have started to like this phone.  It is very much a portable office unit, although it still seems a little harder to navigate than the 9370.  Blackberry is on the right track with this, but they need to eliminate the clunky interface and produce a top of the market camera before they can really compete with the other phones on the market.  I think there&#8217;s still room for Blackberry out there, but they have to be Blackberry and not succumb to Apple envy.

what a piece of junk, returned it faster than fedex shipped it, don't waste your time, if you like garbage call up waste mgmt...ALL BLACKBERRY EMPLOYEES SHOULD PUT A RESUME IN @ APPLE ASAP...

I bought this phone from AT&T and it blew me away with its BB10 software and keyboard.  I am from an Iphone 4S.  Here is the only thing I am going to say:  If this is the device you will be using to play video game, just forget about; it is not yours.  Anyway, if this is the device you need to get your job done fast, this is a must have device over the competitions, period.

I had the Blackberry Pearl and and the Curve - loved them both.  The Curve had been an upgrade from the Pearl.  When the contract was up on the Curve and the battery was really toast it was about the time the Android had made it big and it sounded like writing was on the wall for the Blackberry.  So - first I went with the Droid - hated it!! Next phone was the HTC Incredible, ok but the auto correcting drove me absolutely nuts and I had a really tough time with the keyboard. Hated the calendar.Have had my Blackberry Q10 for 2 weeks now and am extremely happy with it.  It is so nice to type what I want to say and have it actually appear that way on the screen, no more having to closely screen emails and texts before I send them.  Still getting used to the swiping, but it is better everyday.  Love, love, love having the Blackberry calendar back, it is so much easier to use - actually tells me what the date is today and in the future; I did miss that so.....The camera is great, I take a lot of pictures of pets and they never wanted to stay still long enough for the HTC to finally decide to snap the picture - the BBQ10 takes the picture pretty much right away and it is very clear and sharp.I really debated about the size of the Z10 screen vs the Q10 actual keyboard.  Am not sorry in the slightest that I went for the keyboard, I love the feel of it and the ease of moving between numbers and symbols.  The size of the screen is big enough, do kind of miss the sideways feature but I can live without it. Wish call blocking was a little easier on the Blackberry, that was a feature on the android that I haven't been able to locate without going into my Verizon account and entering the number.And finally, the battery life is amazing........ I usually had to plug the HTC in by mid morning and if I wasn't going to be in my car at night was generally concerned about losing power.Not a bit sorry! Blackberry rocks.....

I owned this phone for a few days and returned it. You just can't go from a full screen phone experience to this.Things you may want to know:- Sure, you can watch videos if you want, but in 720 x 720 format, nipping off the edged. Or just settle for a miniscule viewing experience- The camera, while decent in good light, is very poor in low light conditions. I'm talking about the flash, which works well, I'm talking about low light shots with no light.- While the phone may sport an HD display, text isn't sharp on NO zoom, and it should be on a screen of this size and quality. Not like the retina technology on the iPhone, or even a Windows phone with HD.- The phone is built very well- Front facing camera is certainly above par'- Battery life is very good- Expandable storage is capable of 64 gb easily, as I tried several cards which were recognizable- The browser supports FLASH, an excellent addition- Call quality is excellent- Speaker is really good, and clear.Overall, a good phone, but unfortunately a relic even on thought prior to even releasing the phone. Only for the dedicated Blakberry fanatic who loves keyboards.

Overall, this phone is one great product that is way underrated by the media - partly because of the android / ios frenzy. I have to admit that it is not a phone for extreme entertainment - but rather it serves best at being a phone with email service and some great app support. I was initially scared of the apps selection for blackberry, but so far I have found what I needed in either the same app or an alternative one compared to any android phone set. The keys are terrific to send emails, chat with people, etc. I love blackberry'c hub concept which centralizes everything for message viewing which is very convenient  rather than clicking through each app to view disparate messages from different accounts (email, facebook, etc). Battery life is great, better than the s3 that I had before. The phone charger size is minimal too, not too big and easy to carry around. Blackberry seemed to have placed a lot of thought into the user experience and they did it right this time.Last but not the least, it feels on your palms :) Not like the big phones that look like bricks.

The phone is great I love the hub and all the messages in one place. I left my android to come try BlackBerry again and I'm not disappointed. With that said apps you want like instagram and evernote and amazon mp3 are all missing natively. I had to sideload them on to the blackberry via crackberry.com from android ports. Native apps are so much better. The Os is still new and they have gotten quite a few native apps I enjoy from the blackberry app world and it's growing quick.

great OS, Quality Phone, Call Clarity, Messaging, and excellent battery life
