
It says its performance is fast and when you touch that everything comes right up, it doesn't. Its a very laggy phone an  I am unhappy with my purchase.

I really didn't no what I was getting I am so glad I chose this phone it is the best Iv'e yet to have!!!

This phone purchased from Amazon cannot be activated on the Boost network. It will come brand new in a pretty orange Boost box. When you call Boost they will recognized the MEID number and seem to be helping you but you will be told phone call after phone call that they cannot activate the phone right now. First wait three hours and call back. Then be told 24 to 72 hours before they can get it going. If I every get it activated I will let you know if it is a good phone. But Boost is sabotaging any phone sold on Amazon.Further updateWell this is a good Phone now that I have it working. It took Boost 1 week from the date I had the phone in my hand to get it working on their network. They claimed the maker had never registered is SIM card.

This phone takes awesome pictures and videos.The charge last all day & if I don't kill it on Candy Crush, all night too.No problems with dropped calls, freezing or shutting down.I have fewer problems with apps force closing or crashing with this phone.Huge screen, brilliant color and the crystal clear HD.I cant hear very well but I have no problems hearing on this phone with or without the speakerphone.Love the customizable settings.Sleek good looking phone & it can take a drop or two. However I do have it in a protective case.  ;-)

I upgraded from the LG Venice, which was not that bad, but I'm a multitasker and that phone could not really keep up. This phone is bigger and faster. The display quality on this phone is really amazing; you will be impressed. It has several, cool features such as the &#34;Smart Screen&#34; and &#34;Home button LED&#34;. The battery life lasts for about a day if you are moderate user (one of the main reasons why I purchased this phone). It does everything you expect it to do. Therefore, I love this phone except that SOMETIMES it lags a bit (do not worry; it is not that bad). Another thing I dislike is you can NOT turn off the shutter sound on the camera. Keep in mind that it runs Android 4.1.2 not 4.4 if you care. If you are looking for a big, customizable phone with a good battery life, you will like this phone. Of course it is not the best phone on the market, but considering its cost, it does a very satisfying job. I had a choice of Samsung S3 or this phone, I chose this since I do not like Samsung products.

This phone came on time, it actually came a few days earlier and it was the correct item. I really enjoy this phone, it reminds me of a Samsung galaxy. Thankz

The GOS is garbage on this phone. It is a known issue that the GPS jumps all over the place when trying to use it. It is supposedly a software issue. And after four months of having this phone they finally did a software update fixing bugs. The GPS is still garbage and LG support is terrible. Did not even offer suggestions on how to fix this problem. I will never buy any LG product again from a company that will not support their products!!

I love. The. Batterie life and larger screen and.  All apps run fast. Way faster than. My old phoneLte

This a great phone!  It is fast, big and gives me great bang for my bucks.  After much research, Amazon had the best price.

OMG, love my phone.  Watch streaming videos and can do practically anything with this phone.  Just have one problem in that I cannot download .PDFs but will call the company to see what can be done.  Very happy with my phone, just about the best phone I have had to date.  Guaranteed better than my brother's iPhone!

This is my first 4g phone. I don't spend a lot on items such as this but I have to admit this one is worth it.

I like my phone it has a bigger screen, and it has a lot of personalized things that I can use.

A wonderfully easy to use phone with lots of features, most definitely a move up from my ancient and ever faithful old Prevail. Great sound, pictures and videos, and synced perfectly and speedily with my laptop Chrome. The GPS has worked just fine for me, so far. After using it for a bit over a week, I'd have to say I made a good buy. From Amazon at less than $200 you can't beat it. Try it, you'll like it.

phone functions great, switched from galaxy s2.lg phone is much better.Better battery life,better service,less lag,doesn't freeze,and best of all no charging issues.

bought this phone for a gift - and the recipient is extremely happy with it _ I got it at a great price too!

Better than my samsung mesmerize and fast internet connection..Doesnt freeze up much when muti-tasking and battery life is alot longer

Item was priced great and I love how it showed up on time works great and I love it.

I love it, it is totally worth the price. The best Boost phone I have ever had and I've been with them for years!!!!Highly recommendedAnd with 2-day free shipping it was here in no time!

I am still learning all the things this phone can do, and I got it at abou t$70 less than what the Boost website was asking for the same phone!

The GPS feature does not work on this phone at all!  They included an app on the phone that is supposed to help fix this--it doesn't do a darn thing.  I live and work in a large populated area (Newark, NJ and NY,NY metro area) and this phone can not lock on to a gps signal.  RIDICULOUS.  I use gps often while driving (because of where I live and work) and I also use it to log my runs/workouts with various running apps (Nike+, Runkeeper, etc).  I can do none of those things with this phone.  If you don't use GPS, this is a great phone.

This is a AWESOME phone. Takes great pictures, nice battery life and it is a nice sized phone. Love it !

Great battery and good phone. 4G a lot of the time. Works well with wireless. I look forward to keeping this phone

i just bought this phone at best buy for $200 with boost mobile its 35$ for the first 6 months then ur bill goes to 50 and every 6 months ur bill goes down by 5$ till u pay 40$ a month unlimited i love it so no more sprint, t-mobile , at&t , verizion bill 80$ a month thats just outright legal robbery i never had a problem with boost and now back to the phone the screen is about 5&#34; its a big screen front and back facing 8mp cam with photo and video editing right on your phone and its screen resolution is 1080p you just cant get better then that its just a great phone and if u want to compare it to an i phone it can do much more and plus u save your self 400$ on the phone it self and tons of money on that phone bill also another great thing with boost is its referral service u recommend boost to somebody you know and they switch you get paid 50$ per person that switches so be smart and switch to boost and get this grand phone

I like the fact that is thin i just dont like thati have to cover it because i drop it all the time

The screen on this phone is beautiful, and the phone is fast.  Although occasionally, I had to tap the screen a couple of times to get an app to open.  (something I've yet to experience with my current handset...)  Call quality was OK I guess, but I had an odd, echo sounding like experience in the earpiece.I really wanted to love this phone, but the GPS issue was something I couldn't deal with.  Just as others have posted, it seldom worked, taking forever to get a lock when it did.  And no sooner than it got a lock, it would lose it.  Very unreliable.  When I contacted LG, they suggested I send them the phone...A BRAND NEW PHONE....so they could check it out.  Yeah...right.If the GPS had worked, I'd probably have kept it.Thanks to Amazon for letting me return it.

I have had this a couple days. Took forever to get activated. Youtube videos, facebook videos, instagram & vine videos will not play. Idk if its the phone or boost, Is anyone else having problems playing videos ?

When I first got this phone, I was in love. It was fast, took great pics, and just had a great overall experience. After about 2 months, it became really slow with apps. It has a pretty bad processor and there's only 1 GB of RAM. It will work fast is you have under 75 apps installed. Great entry level phone with 4G connectivity.

I can honestly say this is the best phone i have ever had. I got it in 2 days.And i was texted everytime it was gettimg closer. Im very satisfied.

My boyfriend loves his phone. Only thing I have heard him complain about is that the battery doesn't hold charge too long.

phone came with nothing that the description talked about such as a case or sd memory card...... the screen was very badly cracked really wanted a good phone for a low price lesson well learned...

i can't activate with the mobile companies of my contry Republica Dominicana, not admit a sim card, and i think that is a stupid...... i need make calls but a can't i am totaly desapointed of that phone.

great

I enjoy this phone very much the only thing I will complain about is the Swype feature. At one point your phone can just freeze in the middle of the Swype function making it impossible to type with Swype again.

I did my research and I thank everybody for their feed back on this phone.  This is how I made my choice by your reviews plus I like this phone and you have to feel it in your gut.  LG F7 is a great phone all the way around.  I don't like the Navigation app they chose for this phone, Lg has to do better on that one.  All you have to do is download another app that you like.  I had this phone for 4 days and I can't put it down...so i'm still learning it.  The specs don't say it but this phone does have a flash. I'm very pleased with this phone!~I would recommend this phone~

the sound arrive incomplete to other side. Only work ok using speaker mode nice look but I will request replace.

i would recommend this item to anyone who wants a great phone for a great price. great items for the price!! and fast shipping!!

I've had this phone for about  a month now and I love it. I used to have an Iphone 4 and it works about the same. It is a little light for being a phone, took some time to get used to, got a case (from amazon) that should be in my mailbox and it will probably make it a little heavier.

Great quality 4g LTE phone for talking, texting and surfing the web without a contract.first of the 1080p true IPS display will wow your eyes on how amazing pictures, video and overall display will look simply amazingdoesn't have much ram but i have yet to experience lag with the phone due to the fact that it does a good job managing the available ram.- Also the LG interface flow really smooth with cool features on how your home screens move and how you unlock your screen.-outstanding battery life i can use it all day with heavy texting and web surfing and still be at over 30% battery.- android 4.1.2-1080p video and pictures-Physical home button that also works as a notification light which is extremely functional and really cool****BIG BIG BIG defect is the GPS****GPS signal goes in and out making it basically useless. most of the time it wont be able to pick up your loaction. LG included a free app called Izat qualcomm enhanced location service to help with the issue but it doesn't help what so ever same problems persist even after activating the app.LG refused to help me solve the issue when i called them. they stated that it was a software issue.....BUT google this issue and you will find that this issue affects most if not all of these phones so beware it not just me experiencing the gps issues, its most of the LG optimus f7 phones. other wise a great phone so LG please fix this.

I had the Venus, I loved it... this is even better. Girlfriend and I both got these phones, and she loves it... the apps are great, it is fast, and it runs smoothly so far.If we did not live where we did... in like the only no service area in Fresno, I am sure it would be running like a champ... I am taking it to work tonight so we will see but I can not imagine that I will have too much bad to say about it.

Wonderful phone! Much better to view websites then a smaller screened phone! All operational features are fast ! Would recommend to family and friends ..

Great phone for the money. Screen is awesome and battery life is excellent. Havent had any major issuses. The phone preforms well for most everything, although some games showed some hicups while playing. Not really a deal breaker, still recommend this phone to anybody.

I bought my past two Lg optimus from the boost mobile website. Not sure if the ones they have are an older model, a different model or what but the one I bought off here works far better than the two I bought directly from the Boost Mobile website.Activation was easy and simple. Ive done it before so it was easy as cake.I havent had any issues with this phone for the small things I need it for. The GPS works great, I havent had issues with it compared to the other two I had. The only time it might drop is when im passing under bridges which is pretty much normal.Love this phone, works great. Only thing im not a fan of is the 4g network, it runs crappy and I barely use up my data so not sure what makes it run so crappy, but when I connect my wifi at home to my cell it runs so smooth and when i connect to any other wifi service at other locations, I have no issue there.

ProsDual core processorScreen size is decentResolution is above par for this price rangeCons-A silly function that let's you take a screen shot and write on the screen-Doesn't come with a stylus to take advantage of this feature out of the box-a lot of pre -loaded software-Can't access SD card

Unfortunately I bought this phone through Boost Mobile for (sigh) $322.00 and tho it's a great phone and does more than I could hope for, I writing this to ask you all if you're interested in this wonderful phone, please buy it through Amazon and save money.  I hope lots of you read this.  It's a great phone.  Don't make the mistake I did and buy it through Boost Mobile.

This is not a good phone the microphone sounds like your under water to the person you are on the phone with so you have to talk on speakerphone so now I got a piece of crap phone that Im goin to have to replace again not happy at all

so, I bought this from Radio Shack on Black Friday due to it being $100 off the retail price of $299.  That was an awesome deal in and of itself but I also received a $10 off certificate for every $50 that I spent, which came out to just under $250 with the warranty and sd card.  Now that I've gotten that out of the way, I must say that I LOVE THIS PHONE!!!  very smooth operations, the screen itself is gorilla glass 2, which is awesome!  I have a few of the different Samsung Galaxy phones from boost and they've been fine, but this bad boy takes the cake!  Well worth the $$$

Got phone ad  then good bad gps bad speeker hot 97 doof brain rip of  sux Wang rip off fat ist

Overall This is An awesome phone But it has one Major flaw You cant save Apps to your SD which sucks so if thats A big deal for you I wouldnt get It. But it is An Amazing phone

I Love it  it has all the features the galaxy s3 does plus the added extra battery life i would say this phone is deffently worth it

It is supposed to have a card in the back bought it for boost connected it for boost. Picked this one liked the fact that camera had 8mp when I got it it had to have internet connection to open up had a hard time trying to open it when I was using other apps missed out on some moments will spend extra n go with samsung I had purchased the micro ad ultra 32g what a waste

Phone is OK, but Boost does not work in our area.  The coverage map shows Boost working, and I am on a high hill, but there is no signal.  The nearest tower is 3 miles.  Boost should not claim better coverage than they have.  The Boost support people had no sympathy, they told me to take my losses and go..  That included $50.00 in service charges.  I am glad that I do not have to deal with Boost in the future.

I love my new phone! The battery life is great! It is just as nice as the Galaxy to me. And if.you look at the specs, you'll see you're getting just as much for less money!

I purchased this phone because it had impressive specs for the price but I wish I hadn't. The gps is horrible and is constantly losing signal. You'll be lucky if it can get you to your neighbors house. Now recently the phone has been repeatedly disconnecting itself from the SD card. It does this multiple times an hour which in turn is killing the battery rapidly. I did give this phone a second star because the processor is quick and the screen is beautiful.

This was my first time ever purchasing anything from Amazon (outside of a phone case) and I am so upset. No one can hear my voice. Everyone says that I sound like a robot. I have so many important calls that I cannot miss. I am absolutely disappointed. I am forced to text and email. I wish that I could afford market price because I won't ever shop here again.

Great quality 4g LTE phone for talking, texting and surfing the web without a contract.first of the 1080p true IPS display will wow your eyes on how amazing pictures, video and overall display will look simply amazingdoesn't have much ram but i have yet to experience lag with the phone due to the fact that it does a good job managing the available ram.

THE PHONE CAME IN A BOOST MOBILE BOX LIKE IT WAS NEW AND I BOUGHT IT USED BUT THE PHONE LOOK BRAND NEW!!!! PRODUCT IS EXCELLENT I LOVE MY NEW PHONE ;)

Have had this month for 2-3 weeks now and it has been GREAT! Takes getting used to for those who havent had a smart phone before like myself,but its easy to learn. Love the screen, the battery life, and the service (boost).

With a 4.7in. screen I assumed I was not going to like the clumsiness that was to come.  However it's a tad bit thicker than the S3 with a 0.1in. smaller screen.Pros:-The detailed resolution on the screen is phenomenal-okay sound for music with special Dolby features-light weight-thin framed-durable screen-nice keyboard options-great processor at 1.5GHz-reasonable price at $199.99-If you love gaming you will love the emulators that will play with little to no problems-a fascinating LED lit home button for notifications-shows great HD videos keyword is HD anything other than that is a bummer-great talk time battery life in between 15 and 17 hoursCons:-internet is rather slow (my LG Venice and F7 easily are neck and neck)-sometimes the keyboard would lag behind will trying to enter a website in the address box-it gets hot really quick- can easily slip out of your hands if your not too careful-the appearance lacks originality other than the LED home button-little internal storage-no way of manually savings files to a micro SD card-the camera is to fuzzy but isn't the worst I have seen-while surfing the web battery life is just as bad as the other smartphones-speakers are of less quality than my LG Venice which is roughly half the cost of the F7Overall Nice phone for discounted price but if it was for the initial asking price of $299.99 it would have been a 3 at best

I BOUGHT THIS PHONE. I PAID FOR 1 DAY SHIPPING- IT DIDN'T GET HERE IN ONE DAY/PACKAGE AND PRODUCT WAS DAMAGE.... GOT THIS FROM AMAZON THEMSELVES- THEN I EMAILED THEM ASKING WHAT THERE RETURN POLICY WAS AND THEY JUST SENT ME A LABEL. I DID NOT WANT THE LABEL-I WANTED INFORMATION THAT I WAS FAILED TO BE GIVEN TO ME. I DIDN'T WANT TO RETURN IT BECAUSE I WOULD HAVE HAD TO WAIT TO GET MY MONEY AND I NEED A PHONE ASAP. OR GET A REPLACEMENT BECAUSE I DONT WANT THE SAME THING TO HAPPEN AGAIN.- SO I GUESS THERE IS NO OTHER SOLUTION.

It's hard to activate without a SIM card but its possible. This phone is loaded with great features and is fun to play with....just to make a long story short.

pretty cool phome, does everything it should and less than a samsung galaxy. ok in my book. ok ok ok

I am totally satisfied with this phone. This is the best by far and I will be disapointed if I ever change. It does everything that I would need my laptop and tablet for. I 'm still learning to different functions and applications that it has that I haven't begin to explore yet. I am super happy, happy, happy..

This phone is so solid and fast. I got it for a Boost mobile account and solid is all I can say. I've had only one issue with the flash and that was cleared up easily. the 4G is so quick. WiFi is outstanding as well. Call quality is really good as Sprint is upgrading their towers. My monthly bill is $50.00 now for unlimited calls, texts and 2.5 gigs data monthly vs 80 to 90 with other carriers. 4 months in now on this phone and zero complaints.

BEST, most comfortable HD, 3-4G LTE Smart phone WITH a SMART battery, FINALLY! I personally like this phone. I was going to buy a tablet to use for fb and Amazon, etc., BUT, this new processor and 4.1 is PERFECT! NOW, all I need is my LG!

Great phone and a great price.

This is not the greatest phone. My bluetooth is CONSTANTLY dropping off mid-call. I have tried 5 different headsets with the exact same result. The audio randomly stops working. Callers can hear me, but I cannot hear them without resetting the headset.The &#34;Quiet Time&#34; option does not function properly. My quiet times are set, yet the phone never activates it at the assigned time. What is the point of the option, if it does not work automatically?I have to agree with a previous review on the GPS. It is basically useless. I have not had one occasion when I have used it, that it did not repeatedly lose connection with satellite. I can also say that when I have used it, I am not where the GPS says I am....Maps Function is always failing. Useless.There are some great things, however. The camera is AWESOME!!! The screen size and resolution are wonderful, as well.Consider your options at the same price point, before you lay out the cash for this one.

I felt the need to upgrade to a 4g phone and I got this one......I have no super tech review to leave its a damn good alternative to iphone or samsung galaxy I can tell you that

This phone is almost everything I expected. I do have a dislike for the navigation app. It does not work very well. I also do not like that the phone does not respond to touch well. You have to touch the screen several times for it to respond. The positives are the size of the phone, the ease of navigating through the apps and screens, and the camera.

I sold my Htc One Sv from Boost Mobile just to purchase this phone and wow, what a huge difference.Call Quality, people hear me crystal clear unless im in a poor area that doesnt get great reception.GPS-Navigation/ Well, i know im not the only one because many people on the boost mobile wbsite comment on it, The gps always seems to have a hard time finding my current location and i have used gps many times before and have gotten either lost or arrived late do to it, i downloaded another app, mapquest, which made it easier for me, still noy completely satisfied, and if gps is a majot attraction for you, you may want to rethink.Screen Display, OMG, What a huge difference, when im home and i have wifi on, videos on youtube will be displayed in HD and wow pixels and movie trailers are so crystal clear. I Love the 720p display.Processor/ 1.5 Dual core, i love the new feature of LG that allows me to watch a video (phone or sd storage only) and continue playing it while i browse the internet, text, or do anything else for that matter. Candy crush looks so vivid and so beautiful compared to my old htc one sv.Speaker/ Music- Music is loud enough for me to play.The phone feels good in my hands, i have huge hands and the phone fits perfect. The back casing of the phone gets covered up with finger prints alot due to the style of it but a case can just fix that.Overall, i really love the 720p display,processor,videos,games,facebook,internet and pictures look so vivid and beautiful.

nice quality work's fine

Well, works great as far as what i've demanded from it.  The gps is not that great as other phones i've used.  But the 4g is great when available and the cool feature is quick notes in what ever screen.  Great for hvac quotes on items im intrested in buying...

I have had this phone  for about 2 mths.  I love it. My last  phone was a kyocera and it froze  up alot.

The back had some minor scratches but I think I can live with that. Anyway, I love love love it.  It has everything I need in a phone. It was an upgrade from my LG Venice and I love it. Sooooo many features for such a reasonable price....It was even cheaper than on Boost's website.

I love this cell phone. has nothing to envy to any other cell phone. strong signal, good screen size  and you can even write notes in your own handwriting. I definitely recommend it.

A few reasons I have chose this rating. The phone has been problematic anywhere from lagging, at times apps do not respond when touch screen only until I power off phone and restart. Lack of memory (approximately 2.5gb usable of 8gb) due to manufacturer installed applications.Device does not transfer applications to external memory, message appears each time I try to move apps to external memory stating device does not support apps to sd card. Other than that phone shows good quality videos,plays music well, and open up browser most of the time quickly. Not what I had expected being a product of lg.

I love this phone. But i must have functioning gps. I'm returning my second F7 today. If gps isn't vital this is a solid beautiful phone.

THE PHONE ITSELF WORKS PRETTY GOOD IF YOU ARE ANDROID AND COMPUTER SAVVY. IT HAS A LOT OF FEATURES BUT IT &#34;DOES NOT HAVE THE CAPABILITY TO SHOW YOUR CALL DURATION&#34; IN YOUR CALL LOG. I WAS TOLD BY THE &#34;LG COMMUNICATIONS MGR&#34; THAT &#34;NONE&#34; OF THEIR LG PHONES HAVE THIS FEATURE. SO IF IT IS A FEATURE YOU NEED CHOOSE A DIFFERENT BRAND AND INQUIRE FIRST. ALSO, LG'S CUSTOMER SVC IS NOT VERY KNOWLEDGEABLE AT ALL ABOUT THEIR OWN PHONES, NOR IS THE PREPAID CARRIER I USE. LG HAS ONLY ONE CUST SVC LEVEL, NO UPPER LEVEL AND NO TECH SUPPORT! SAMSUNG STILL HAS THE MOST KNOWLEDGEABLE CUST SVC GOING AND I AM SORRY I CHOSE THIS LG PHONE. I WILL PROBABLY GO BACK TO SAMSUNG IN THE FUTURE. THE MOST ANNOYING AND MOST TYPICAL ANSWER MANY CELL MFRS AND CARRIERS LIKE TO SAY (AND IT'S USUALLY BECAUSE CUST SVC DOESN'T KNOW THE ANSWERS) IS TO DO A &#34;FACTORY RESET&#34;. MOST TIMES THIS IS AN UNNECESSARY NUISANCE AND IS NEVER HELPFUL. ALL CELL MFRS NEED TO BETTER TRAIN THEIR STAFF. THE PHONE BATTERY ONLY LASTS LESS THAN HALF OF THE TIME STATED. IF YOU UNDERSTAND ANDROID PHONES AND COMPUTER TECHNOLOGY AND CAN TROUBLESHOOT YOUR OWN PROBLEMS THEN IT IS AN OK DEAL.(GOOD PRICE VS GREAT CUST SVC?? I SAY KNOWLEDGEABLE CUST SVC BEATS PRICE!) IF YOU EXPECT GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE FROM &#34;LG&#34; I WOULD SAY FORGET ABOUT IT AND BUY A SAMSUNG PHONE. AS AN FYI! I HAVE HAD A FEW SAMSUNG ANDROID SMARTPHONES AND SAMSUNG HAS THE BEST CUST SVC AVAILABLE. I WOULD ALSO STAY AWAY FROM &#34;ZTE PHONES&#34; BECAUSE THEIR CUST SVC IS HORRIFIC. THIS LG PHONE DOES WORK OK IF YOU CAN SELF-TROUBLESHOOT. I BOUGHT TWO OF THESE BECAUSE OF AMAZON'S PRICE, PLUS AMAZON THEN PUT THEM ON SALE PRIOR TO MY PURCHASE. COULDN'T BEAT THE PRIICE! I BOUGHT TWO OF THESE, ONE AS A GIFT. BUT I WILL BE GOING BACK TO SAMSUNG WITH MY NEXT PHONE.

I love this phone, the screen display is really good, also the processor os really fast and good signal coverage and also a excelent battery lifeBattery 10/10Camera 9/10Screen relolution 10/10Wed speed 10/10

Pretty decent phone. Gps doesnt work well at all even after updates. Also youtube run a litte slow. Ok for the price i guess..

This replaced an old boost mobile phone my wife had.  It has a very crisp and colorful display, and it is also speedy when opening and closing apps.  I would say this was an awesome phone for the price.  Happy with purchase.

His phone has everything. It works great. Even before I was issued a phone number I could get online and use apps and facebook, etc. I was even able to make a call to Mexico to one of my friends using the messenger feature without a phone number. This phone has so much that even after a week I am still playing with all the features and haven't even begun to download all the apps that I would want. It is a fun phone. The only thing I wish is that the volume was a bit higher.

I LOVE THIS PHONE UPGRADED FROM THE WATERPROOF PHONE WANTED THE S3 DIDN'T WANT TO PAY THE PRICE THOUGH. COMPARED THIS PHONE AND SAME PHONE JUST A FEW DIFFERENCES OTHER THAN THAN THAT I LOVE IT HAVEN'T HAD ANY PROBLEMS. I RECOMMEND THIS ITEM..

It is a very good screen  protector im happy ....  Works very good for MY phone thank  you so mucho..

I love this phone. It has eveything I need and want. I strongly reccomend this phone to everyone. However if your not on wi-fi phone charge doesn't last that long.

OK, I should have known. I made just two phone calls on this phone, and both parties could not hear me. They both said I sounded muffled. I was talking in my normal voice and could not be understood. So, I returned it. Hopefully, I will get my refund as promised. Keep you posted.

Best smartphone I have had yet.  First one I really liked.  I didn't want to pay 400+ dollars for a phone.  It works great, no glitches like my Samsung Ultra.  What I really like is  the battery life.  I can use it a good bit and it will go all day without running out of power.

I love this phone so much n it is very comfortable to use. I will like totell my friends to get this kind of phone

Love the screen quality. Great phone definitely made a real good choice when i bought this phone.  Cant complain at all.

I bought this phone when it was on sale over the winter break. The phone I had before this was a Samsung Galaxy II that had &#34;technical issues&#34; for the 2nd time since I had the phone (less than a yr) I read every review I could find on every site for the LG Optimus F7. The price of the phone on Amazon was a deal breaker! Since I've had the phone, I haven't had many big issues. Everyone says its fast and it isn't slow but I feel it could be faster. I love the big screen, I'm able to see Iphone emojis! && I'm able to use my Swype! The battery life is awesome (this is a BIG PRO for me bcus I am always using my phone) If you have the money I'd say go with the LG Optimus G2, my bf has it, its awesome, but if your on a budget go with the F7...it's great so far.One con would be that it sometimes freezes on one screen. It's easily fixed by waiting, or turning off the phone.

This is a great purchase. Great phone, great specs, display is very nice, battery life is good (after tweaking, turning off unnecessary stuff), good signal, speaker is not the greatest but don't really care too much bout it, call quality is again very good. I HAVEN'T HAD ANY PROBLEMS WITH THE GPS WHATSOEVER. I read a lot of complaints about this, so far gps has worked flawlessly. Only real complaint is that I cannot install apps directly on the SD card, but there are ways to work around that. Haven't really tried games or listening to music, but I see no reason why it wouldn't perform well, since the phone is pretty snappy overall

I'll take LG over Samsung anyday! No negative issues with this phone. I love the power saver option, it rocks!!  There is so much storage space on this phone that I haven't even had to use my micro SD card yet. No issues with the GPS as others have posted, don't pay any attention to them, GPS works fine. Best Boost phone I've purchased yet, now if the Sprint network will ever offer better 4G coverage, it will be a match made in heaven!!!

The phone does everything I need it to do. I love playing the games I downloaded with no problem. Awesome...

Quick and easy Thank yo for a great product. I will have know problem ordering for you again. Great phone.

This is an awesome Phone. Bought if for my boyfriend for Christmas and he can't stop playing with it. Thanks for the great price and fast shipping!

Battery life is a little disappointing, but all in all for the price this phone is awesome. I'm thinking of buying one for my girlfriend. I've had no issues with the phone and had it for a month now.

Great phone, loving my new phone, easy to use, great apps. Only had for a day, the size is perfect.

Best phone ever had even better than samsung galaxy and much faster internet service too. I love this phone. Buy it.

I love the upgrade from my old phone this one has everything to make a great phone i love it

Phone was purchased brand new. Its @ 63 days old and was well taken care of. Never exposed to water damage or dropped. Perfect appearance but screen not working. Dont waste your money on this boost mobile product!!

well from reading about the optimusf7 to then getting the actual item I must say a big thumbs down! this seller described a mint condition cell phone for sale, I got a used malfunctioning phone that I can only talk to callers if I use speakerphone. so disappointing.

Started of as being a great phone, now I am having issues with it.  The phone has frozen several times.  Pull down menu won't appear.  Contact pic stuck on front of phone and wasn't in contacts.  Thinking I could of spent a little more money for a better phone.  Not happy with having to keep restarting the phone and I haven't had it for longer than two months.

I love this phone. No contract and good quality like the galaxy. I even like it better than the iphone. The fact it barely drops calls and battery life is what sold me on this phone. Very pleased!

Great phone for the price. Nice display and not to hard to navigate. Just wish the screen was a little bigger. :) But over all nice phone.

I adore this phone. It was definitely an upgrade from my galaxy prevail. I had no other choice but to get a new phone since my prevail stopped charging. I got this phone and it came on time and was easy to open, activating it was difficult with the self activation. Boost did it for me and once I began using it, I find that although it sends multimedia messages quickly, I am unable to receive them. There isn't an error message either, just doesn't show up. I really love this phone, I even got a case and stylus for it, I am disappointed that it has this problem. Boost was unable to fix it over the phone so I will take it to a boost retail store and hopefully something positive comes from that.

This is my first Lg phone and I have had it for some months now, no problems at all. takes good quality pics and has a large storage, its still fast after all the time I have had it, its my go to for internet browsing, and I liked it so much I also bought my mom one as a gift and she loves it as well. I would recommend this phone to anybody looking for a high quality, but still affordable cell phone !

People are having trouble hearing me have to put the phone on speaker in order for them to hear me not sure if it is the boost mobile network or the phone

I really like te LG Optimus F7. It is a great phone with tons of potential for the low price. I had no problem getting it switched over and so far an cruising at 4G greatness! Thanks!

The built-in swype is an old version that bugged up. It doesn't matter to me since I use SwiftKey, but I thought I'd mention it.The glass screen is superb. With just a case and no screen protector, I have yet to get a single scratch in the 4 months I own it. I work freight and constantly use my phone- I've dropped it probably 5 times already. Very durable.. and it's a slim phone.Runs fast, but doesn't have the latest Android, nor will it get the KitKat. The voice commands are near flawless and the camera quality is great. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who asked.

It started to have static when I talk to people. I exchanged it hope this is going to help.I've read reviews about the GPS. I've had no trouble with my GPS yet.

This is a great phone and a definite upgrade from my previous Samsung.  The battery life is pretty good and the extra bells and whistles are adequate.  The only thing that I don't like is the camera.  The pictures in the daylight are great but at night, even with the flash, the photos come out pitch dark.

Phone arrived in one day, that was great but when i charged it up, full battery, it would not turn on. now it is taking me 3 days to get a replacement for the phone from amazon. I am still waiting for  replacement of phone and cant understand why it is taking so long to get to me. I am now thinking I should have just cancelled but would still have had to wait for a week to have my money refurnded. I am without my phone for  what will likely be a week and that is unacceptable.....boo for sending me a phone that didn't work, double  boo for taking so $%%^*** long to replace it.

got the phone and called boostmobile to activate it. Turns out the serial number was not even registered with them so i could not activate it. The guy i talked to said there was literally nothing he could do in this case and that i should return it, which i did...

The phone is great for playing games and making calls but the navigation isn't so good. It loses gps signals in the middle of navigation and the phone doesn't pick up regular phone tower signals that we'll either.

My son have a Samsung Galaxy S3 and no much different. By the way, my LG Optimus F7 has better quality of screen grafics.

This phone is amazing i have no idea what these other people are talking about mic/speakerphone issue i have no problems whatsoever with my device. EXCEPT for GPS, YES GPS IS HORRIBLE DONT GET THIS PHONE IF YOU NEED GPS other thna that issue Camera is Perfect on this phone, the phone itself is fast as light it crazy.The Screen is bright clear and supppper HD. Multitasking is good and Lg's UI is very nice heard we're getting 4.4 KitKat sometime in spring:DBattery life is very nice with it too.

good graphics for games it has alot of good features this phone has a 1.5 GHz dual core processor so the that means that this phone dosent lag while playing any type of games or apps

I bought the F7 last fall and have ended up replacing it twice.Both times the phone had a defect where people could only hear me on speakerphone, not regular call mode. Presumably not all of them have this issue since others aren't mentioning it. I ended up getting an HTC One SV instead.Besides the defects...Pros- big, bright, sharp screen- good battery life- fast and responsiveCons- Location tracking rarely works- Phone has a slick plastic back, so it slides off anything not perfectly level and is easy to drop- Hated the quickmemo button on the side. I'd always accidentally press it while trying to do something else, then have to exit out of the little overlay app it opens to keep doing what I meant to in the first place. Never actually wanted to use it.

Research this phone before purchasing it, the GPS is absolutely worthless!They claimed there would be an update to fix it but never did & probably never will.I bought 2 @ the same time (one for a spare) but never activated or opened the 2nd, after several months of dealing with the GPS issue I called Boost & asked to exchange the unopened one towards a Galaxy S3 & was told no way & if I want a phone that functions correctly I'd have to buy it & eat my unopened F7.Just FYI there are many other apps besides maps & navigation that need the GPS & won't work correctly without it.

I have had this phone for a couple of months now and I love it!  This is the only phone I've ever had where the battery truly does last ALL day!  The phone is fast and responsive. So far, it hasn't slowed a bit even though I've downloaded a bunch of apps and games. The quick memo and q slide features have come in handy. The phone is comfortable to hold, even with a dual protective case. I haven't had any issues with the volume or speakers at all. The camera is so so, but there is a flash. There is also a front facing camera for skyping and selfies.  4G is a huge improvement over my old phone's 3G capability. I use it mainly for Internet browsing, Facebook, email, texting, games, YouTube, shopping, etc. I have absolutely zero complaints!  It is an excellent phone!

I had and HTC Evo Design that unfortunately died after I spilled coffee on it. Bought this phone because it seemed to had a lot of features a a reasonable price, plus I though I couldn't go wrong buying LG .It's Ok, as long as you don't mind SOUND quality. The speaker crackles like an 1930's radio and even when you use without it you have to ask people to repeat because the sound quality is horrendous, when I try to use it on my car with the hands free feature I hear people complaining that my voice sound too far and I have to shout at the phone to be heard. I come from HTC, I am no used to bad sound and reception quality on a cell phone. I am sorry, I had it, this sucker is goin' back.

The LG F7 is the best phone I have ever owned! Its very user friendly, takes great pics and make my phone life so much easier. I highly recommend it.

phone calls are not good..I dont think it has flash....not worth 200$ would rather buy a different phone..for cheaper over rated

Camara is too blury, dont matter how far or how close i am. Its still blury, need to be fixed

This cell is way better then the galaxy 3 that I gave up for cause it kept freezing up it it turned out to be a great deal same screen and prossecor jelly bean 4.1

Had to replace my girlfriends phone. this phone arrived on time as expected. Nice clean up to date phone with a gorgeous display. Very pleased with this purchase

I've only had it for about two months but so far it's been great. Sound is good, screen works fine and the battery seems to last pretty well. The only downside for me is that it doesn't have a front flash but I'm not sure if that's most smartphones or not. Other than that, it works fine and doesn't give me any trouble.

so I bought this phone 2 weeks ago to replace my samsung galaxy s2, the antenna its in the back battery cover so it dont allow good signal I get many dropped calls and almost no gps. The calls are broken up..some times they can't hear me other times its hard to make out what I'm saying... phone has a lag an  runs almost at 85% ram all the time..camera is okay but only in daylight dont try it at night just looks weird..yellowish grey lol..im selling it on cl an..getting a samsung note 3.. A REAL PHONE... or the S4... Lg can do better than this...wth... only nice feature is the big screen...smh...n iys useless w/o 4g lte service ..wayyy too slowwwww

This phone is great for the first 6 months but now it is getting hot when Im talking on it, calls are breaking up,I didn't get Insurance because I planned on upgrading in a year or so, but it didn't even last that long.

I would make it 5stars but ppl keep complaining about my voice cuts in and out or either I sound to low.. I'm so tired having to bout scream in the phone sometimes...  I live everything else

&#62;It's no I-phone obviously. Read reviews, it isn't a malfunctioning device like my previous Galaxy SII was. It has a nice screen and camera quality seems to compete with similar devices. If you are looking for a phone with a good GPS do not buy. It will lose your location frequently. I haven't tried any other smartphone GPS apps besides Scout and Google Maps, but they both seem to have a problem which leads me to believe its hardware not software. I bought a garmin 2457LMT to fix this problem. Now I can have my phone for just music in the car.&#62;Rear speaker sounds good for a phone, seems louder than my SII. Weird though the amp for the headphone jack isn't quite as powerful as the SII. Meaning I have to crank my car stereo volume to hear the music from my phones headphone jack through my stereo.&#62;The center home button is better than the touch sensitive one on the SII, I'm glad more phones are going to this feature. I also like the notification light around the button, helps me catch my missed texts and events.&#62;Like all phones it's good to restart the phone every few days to clear the ram. This one in particular, if not it's like watching paint dry waiting for apps to close and for the phone to load the home screen.&#62;Get a case, its a slippery little guy. It's a lightweight phone though, barely notice it in my pocket with the trident case.&#62;Good battery life, that was a selling point for me. Charges fast too.&#62;Took me a bit to get used to the GUI difference between LG and Samsung, but that should be assumed if switching brands.&#62; There will never be a perfect smartphone, but for this price I got what I needed to do what I needed. The GPS is my only big disappointment. It might be related to Boosts service too. I'm not going to say buy it or don't buy it, but I hope my experience helps your decision.

I'm really glad I got this phone for $200 then caving into the iPhone nation! It's nice and fast and I haven't had any problems with it at all. The activation was pretty simple and my bill is only $40 a month due to the boost mobile loyalty plan (which it will be lowered to $35 in a couple of months :) ) But yes it's a pretty solid phone with nice features

guys the gps works just fine the only problem I have with this phone is that the time in the top right hand corner doesn't change but the alarm still works at the right time and I have the weather time which I can live with that's the only reason why I didn't give this a 5 star and the battery life isn't that great like people say it run just like any big sized smart phone and yes that is with all the apps off trust me im an expert

Love this phone. Big screen, features are great. Service is spectacular! Downloads fast. Plays videos with no glitching. Good buy well worth it.

This phone is okay. Not the least bit of what I expected. Picture quality is horrible...4G is the slowest network I've seen thus far....only moves fast when connected to my Wi-Fi. I was told this phone was a pretty good phone and it has been nothing but a let down since purchased. I will be getting another phone in the near future. Sorry LG but you have let me down with this one.

just be sure to buy a screen protector and a case because the back is made out of plastic .

I love the phone. Got it yesterday and was easy to hook. Not sure what other people are talking about on here, I get perfect pictures and very clear sound on the speakers. Maybe they got a messed up phone? Anyway I love this cell and would recommend  it to a friend.

It is a good phone for an Iphone replacement.  It is easy to use and overall it was a good buy for the money.

This is the second phone within 30days,3 or 4 time per day the phone drop calls, at this point don't know if I will keep it or trade.  it's some what better then the one I bought before.

Boost Mobile customers will be excited to see the new LG F7 with 4g LTE, which is about four times faster than Boost's older  4G Wi-Max network and about ten times faster than its painfully slow 3g network.NOTE: Sprint/Boost provide 4G LTE service to only about 50% of American homes. Use the coverage map on the Boost Mobile website to zoom in on your neighborhood and verify that a Boost 4G LTE signal is available on your block.Avoid the Boost phones that use its Wi-Max network, such as the Samsung SII. Boost has begun closing down its Wi-Max network to shift the spectrum to its new and expanding 4g LTE network.With its large and sharp screen, the F7 matches the high quality of the Samsung Galaxy SIII while providing DOUBLE the battery life, about ten hours of average use, compared with just five hours on the Samsung SIII.The camera takes good photos and adequate videos. Music sounds okay through the rear speaker and sounds great with high quality ear buds. There is enough memory to add 4 gb of apps and an SD card slot to add all of your music and videos.The processor is fast enough to handle demanding apps and most games will play smoothly. Netflix movies look great on the large, very high quality screen. Look for a case on Amazon that has a rear kickstand to make it easier to watch videos. Amazon has a good case selection.

This phone it was. for my girl friend because it sim like one of the best phones and it has work good

I would love to give this phone 5* but I can't because the gps sucks so much.  For me gps is a must have for any smart phone and has become a necessity for daily driving.  Everything else about the phone is great so far apart from the gps basically never getting a connection.  I have done a lot of research about this problem and it seems most most or all LG F7 phones have the same problem.  A gps antenna booster would possibly solve the problem.Conclusion -  Good phone, terrible gps.

The phone has been able everything I have thrown at it the large memory is good for me as I tend to install many apps.Everything else i put on teh sd card.I have had a occasional interference when the microwave in my kithcen turns on but that may be coincidene.The phone follows new standards where the camera click is not disable-able so i can no longer  take quite pictures of the  board when my professors go white board crazy without disturbing everyone with a loud SHA SHIN.Internet speed on boost is suprisingly good as well.The network gps issues are from a feature that tries to rely on wifi but the problem with that was some hotels or buisneses have wifi extenders so is may pick up mutiple streets over turn off the feature and it works as normal smart phones do.

I love the look and feel of this phone. The screen is clear and crisp. The calls are clears and calls drop far in between calls. The phone tends to lag sometimes, but nothing too major. The problem is the GPS! It's horrible!!!!!! Twice when I needed it, it would not work for me. I use GPS a lot and depend on it when I travel, so this is a major disappointment for me. Other than that, it's a good phone with long battery life.

I could not set the time and date for this phone, it seems an operating system problem. Even tough is a nice phone, I returned  the product an ordered am NEXUS 5.

This phone has it all!  Beautiful display, superb battery life (I can easily get 17 hours with medium use).  Boost's 4G is quite fast - very pleased.  The phone is a bit large at 4.7&#34;  but it's not too awkward and easy on the eyes. .Have had no trouble with GPS like some other reviewers - looks like they fixed the problem.  The processor is fast - tackles all my apps without difficulty - much better than my old Motorola, which was a great phone but had several glitches that kept popping up.  This is clean, fast, beautiful!Was choosing between this and the Galaxy SIII or HTC One SV.  Very glad that I chose this.  Faster, bigger, brighter than the HTC and much cheaper than the SIII with far better battery life!  No regrets.  You won't be disappointed with this phone.

I'm very happy with this phone.. I love it!!I will recommend this phone to anyone who really want a nice looking device..

I had att but i cant stand getting charged 15bucks a gig everytime u go over on data so i wanted unlimited so here i am this phone is okay just okay nothing like the quality of a mega but a good beginer phone on android service is just okay i got this phone to save money 50 a month is better then 200 a month u will be happy with this phone but dont expect all the bells and whisles
