
when I bought this phone two days after it  fell from a three story building deep in mud and would you believe I wash it out in a barrel of water and used a blow dryer on it and when I put it back together it actually work thank god for that phone if was some big time phone I sure it would have spoil hurray  hurray for blu q170t

This is an excellent cheap / generic phone that I bought for my 10 year old to use.  It's horrible in terms of functions and features but the battery life is great, the audio quality is good enough, and it's cheap enough that if it gets broken it won't be a huge deal.  The phone can't receive picture messages (good if you have kids) and you will reguarly have to delete text messages as the phone maxes out at like 20 or 30 messages (even with an 8GB micro SD card in it which, for some reason, can't bypass this 20 or 30 text limit).I can imagine that criminals would also love this phone as it's disposable and has the ability to use 2 SIM cards... So if you have a phone number for dealing Meth and another phone number for smuggling immigrants, this phone might work.

I needed something easy when I traveled to China and Australia.  Easy to put a sim in, and works, but within a month I found I could no longer hear the caller unless I put it on speaker phone- and if I put in ear plugs I could hear them but they couldn't hear me!  So some glitch went on there.  Great, however, for texting and plans in other countries are cheap for that.  Overall, it lasted while I was overseas, but that was a few months - and with the last couple as speakerphone only.  So that's something to consider.  It's cheap, it won't get stolen, and it does get in TV to watch while waiting for planes/etc.  Nothing fancy, but gave me a life line so I wouldn't get stranded.Another downside, as mentioned, is that it's really hard to navigate and the instruction manual is very very limited.

tried multiple carriers ..........no use ....TV is useless Suggest you buy something else its just not worth the money good luck

this little Blu was a pleasant surprise!for those folks that like to press a button to text, this little Blu is very easy to use with a roomy keyboard.I have the Blu Tank 4.5 because it is Dual Sim and this little Blu also has a Dual Sim.Great if you travel out of the US -  just put an Internaton Sim  in the 2nd slot and tell the phone which Sim to use.

everything it's fine except the message storage (and the camera is not even decent but I don't think you can expect anything more for this price).even in my case that I'm old school in terms of sending messages and stuff (not addicted to connection) the storage gets full every hour or two and I have to be constantly erasing messages.I can't even call since today 6/26/2014. it automatically aborts the call

I ordered this phone after my other phone broke. I ordered it because it was simple, cheap and low radiation. I am pleased with the product however I do have a few complaints. The first thing is that the phone is all plastic which gives it a really cheap feel. Another con is that the buttons are really loud when you type. The keyboard is on the small size, but it works for me. I would definitely not recommend getting this phone if you have big fingers. Even though it looks cheap it doesn't feel cheap and it comes in different colors which is fun. Basically, if you're looking for a simple and cheap phone this is a great one as long as you don't like the cheap feel. Worth the money!

Great phone with a much brighter and sleeker interface than my last samba. Works perfectly at a very affordable price. Simple to use and the keyboard is big enough. The ringer is really loud as well.

I'm so glad I ordered this phone it awesome. I wasn't sure what I was going to get, and it turned out to be a lovely device and I am going to order another for a friend.

I received this phone late because my school's mail room had lost the package. When I got it, the box was beaten up and the phone was floating around without any padding or bubble tape. When I turned the phone on yesterday, only the left side of the screen worked-- the rest was just a white blur. What am I supposed to do with this??Can I have a refund?

Performed as advertised. Needed a cheap phone for overseas with a qwerty keyboard for texting. Battery life is great. Phone is very tiny though. Maybe because I got so used to my 5&#34; screen smartphone.I bought two, one for the wife (white) and one for me (black).

I bought this 2 months ago, I use it in the US with an Indian SIM card just to get text messages. I turned it on only 4 times since I bought it and charged few times, not it wont charge and I can not return it to Amazon as it has been more than 30 days.

excelente

Poor camera quality!  Not at all what I expected.  Not sure how well the phone actually works...I had purchased it to take out of the country so as not to lose my smartphone.  Also, I had been told my smartphone wouldn't work outside the US.  I purchased this as an unlocked phone to take.  The camera, as I said, is horrible!  Blurry pictures.  I never bothered to buy a SIMS card to go in it to test the phone.  Cheaply made!

Yes, the phone is great. I ordered it for my husband; it is taking him a little time to adjust to the keyboard. He had a very simple phone previously.He likes the tv feature as he can assess the local channels easily when he is away from the house; this helps him keep in touch with what is going on while in the traffic jams in this third-world country we are living in.

For the price and being unlocked it is a good deal. The phone is made of plastic and probably not waterproof....but if you don't want to be tied down with a contract with your phone company , it is a real good deal. The reception and text quality is on par with any other phone. Bluetooth requires to reconnect everytime rather than automatic. Limited to 100 contacts displayed from the sim.

The buttons are so small on this phone it's no joke. It's a lot smaller than the picture shows. I'm buying the phone for a family member so have not used it to review the working.

The device is tiny, which was a bonus as its for a small person, an 11 year old boy.TV feature does not work in the US.Could not locate the FM app or feature.Has an antenna that pulls out and is about 3FT long. Used for FM and TV presumably.The SIM card is the type they stopped using in 1996, a MINI-SIM not micro or otherwise.

Kinda crazy phone. LCD backlight turns on and off all day long, depleting battery. Resets to default some of my personal settings every time I turn off the phone. U$10 would be a fair price for it!

Ordered this for overseas. Havn't tried it yet but will give it a review when I sim card it soon.

The phone works fine, however the television does not.  Also the ringtones that comes on the phone are unappealing.  I will need to download another ringtone.

Purchased this unlocked phone for international travel only. The instructions which came with the phone are very limited and very unhelpful l. The phone is set by the manufacturer for the Spanish language. The instructions do not tell you how to reset the phone for the USA and the English language. Setting the time was absurdly challenging.  When I finally was able to open the back of the phone and put in the lycamobile sim card which was activated, the sim card did not work in the phone. I had the unlocked code for my nokia phone and place the lycamobile sim card and my nokia phone and it worked. I will be returning this item for a refund because it is a faulty product. I have no problem with the shipping company, the phone arrived in a timely fashion . My recommendation is NOT to get this phone.

A nice basic phone to get me around the philippines.  Worked great.  Volume on tv too low.  Reception is pretty good.  Use headphones for tv.

Yup.  Gotta say I love this lil phone.

Works as it should and the price is killer - a must have  Thanks folks for making it happen for me!!!

I choose to rate this three due to that it can't send multimedia texts or but on the other hand still a communicative device. I would mostly recommend this to my fellow pals whom don't need much out of the phone.

I was thinking of the smaller model, but went with this for features and messaging keyboard.  It was confusing since you have to hit the left general button to get to a graphic version of the menu described in the booklet.  It can do two sims.Signal is weak where I am so I had trouble calling (other phones are better), but the fm radio worked.  It took a bit to find that the + - keypad buttons control volume.Quirky, but it works great for the price.

Its a great phone  for the price very nice i love the color pink and white,not to small not to big its perfect

This phone is really cute but i order it for a friend's 7 year old so i guess she's loving it so far.

The good:The dual SIM is a nice idea, and I like the fact that it has an FM radio and MP3 player. It supports a microSD card which means you can load as much music as you want. The analog TV is also a nice idea but really the screen is too small and I can only pick up one channel that appears to be a grainy Spanish soap opera!The bad:General plasticy-feel - the phone looks and feels much cheaper in real life than is portrayed in the pictures. The camera was a major disappointment - it has a max resolution of only 640x480 which seems much less that the 2MP advertised (hence the 3 stars). Also, I cannot seem to get the calendar to work?In general, you get quite a lot for $30 so can't complain too much, but its still a cheap phone at the end of the day, and doesn't quite live up to expectations

I think it's still too pricey. Has some annoying drawbacks, such as, texts aren't seen in order and aren't continued. You have to jump back and forth from &#34;inbox&#34; to &#34;sent messages&#34; to see the message thread. Message capacity is pretty low, about 25(?) messages and you have to make room for more. The TV feature is worthless where I live but I have used the FM radio feature. Battery seems to last quite a while. Camera is a joke.

I can use it to make calls but that is about it.  The manual does not help with trying to get this phone to English and I also tried dialing the #0044# like someone on here has suggested and that does nothing as well.  Very frustrating.  I will continue to search the internet but it would be nice since I am in the US for it to come automatically in English.

I havent had the chance to test it apporpiately however it seems to be working flawlessly so far, the material is kinda cheap thought but still a good purchase.

I bought this for a trip to the Philippines.  The one thing I didn't know when I bought it was there is no WiFi with version.  Additionally, you are limited with the amount of memory the texts messages can store.  You would figure the text messages could be stored on the sd-card, but they can't.  It's the only reason why I gave it 3 stars.  The best feature has to be it's battery life.  I rarely had to charge, which is great is you're abroad.

It's a basic phone that does what I need it for although one of the SIM slots is not working properly which is not a problem given that I have only one number so I just use the other available one.  So far, I have yet to fully explore it, but from what I have found, it does seem to lack certain features that I had in another phone that I previously owned, but that's a minor issue because i think this phone is still okay for what I paid.

The major problem with this unit is that the telephone automatically redials the last number after every call. Another problem is that there is no (as far as I know) a keyboard lock. There is no manual and you can't find any information about this telephone on the Internet. I'm returning this item. I definitely don't recommend it.

its a good phone with just the basic features... i never used it .. but i bought it for my friend...its good...

It is a very small phone. Don't expect that much small. really want to return it back but not able to do it as I pass the timeline. never used this phone.

IF IT HAD WORKED, MIGHT HAVE BEEN A DECENT PRODUCT.BATTERY WOULDN'T TAKE A CHARGE AND I RETURNED IT.ONE ISSUE, THE DIRECTIONS ARE ALL IN SPANISH BUTI FOUND AN ENGLISH VERSION ON THE WEB

Dual sim works well. Tv works, just not clear. Battery never worked.  Too expensive to return item from overseas, so had to use a battery from an old Blu phone. Back cover does not lock properly on one side and is hard to remove.

The sound quality was awful, I had to return it.  It sounded like you were talking into a tin can.

phone worked as expected.  Good battery life. Great basic phone for traveling  overseas.

Phone functions o.k. overseas, but I ordered 2 of these in specific colors.  What I received was two completely other different colors...so if color is important to you then you may want to verify with amazon what is actually being shipped

I bought this phone for my father in law, is very basic but does the job. I'm really happy with my purchase.

I got it for my niece n it cute , she love it..

Oh, how I hate this phone. First of all, I was not expecting much for the price. However, I did expect something that did not look like a child's play phone from the dollar store. Call quality is weak and there is no way to adjust the volume.I attempted to use my headset for a phone call and that was impossible. Could not hear the person on the other end and all they could hear was static. I also put in a new SD card and tried to get on Facebook and I got an error message saying there was not enough storage. Huh? Really? While it will work for me in the pinch I was in for a phone when Cricket screwed me over(long story but Cricket is horrible), I will not be using this for more than a month then in the trash it goes.

I bought this is a 'backup' phone for my more expensive smart phone, and for possible use in future travel.It is a dual sim, GSM phone, quadband, and should work on many networks worldwide where you can buy inexpensive prepaid sim cards.  The phone is SMALL.  The qwerty keyboard seems adequate for texting.Haven't done much other than charge it, pop in a sim card, and check it out.  The construction is about what you expect at this price, but should be serviceable.Good backup or second phone.  You can find prepaid, low cost plans in the US this phone will work on.  I like that the charging jack is a pretty common type, used on many cell phones and other USB type devices.  (I get the 'micro' and 'mini' USB types mixed up, but this is the smaller one, that is pretty common)

Really nice little phone.. it still picks up well with Digicel I am able to receive calls from Jamaica in the states.. Digicel transfer over to tmobil

I paid $24 for this phone.  For the price, it is great.  This is a basic phone to hold you over until you are ready to pay several hundred bucks for a keeper.

excellent phone, very good, everything is done fast seriously, I recommend it 100% and the purchase was finalized I received the product in record time

This phone was just on the news. Apparently they are so cheap, they like to blow up. Not surprising as the cost of the thing.Don't be a penny pincher. Buy a name brand phone that wont literally blow up in your face.[...]

I do not rely upon a cell phone heavily, unlike most people I know. I only use mine to text my kids or make very occasional phone calls. Thus, I have a T-Mobile pay-as-you-go plan, and as a Gold Rewards customer, I only pay about 10-20 dollars for my phone annually! I bought this phone just because I wanted something smaller than my previous (and older) Nokia. I slipped the T-Mobile SIM card in, and everything worked perfectly. Everything seems to be working fine, the FM radio does a pretty good job, but the TV feature doesn't seem to be able to bring anything in except a fuzzy Spanish channel, if I'm lucky (I live in Orange County, CA). All in all, I can't complain about this phone, it does what I need, but if you're a more sophisticated consumer, you may need something more powerful.

Got it for my 11y/o son. He loves it. Still can't get any channels on the TV. Excellent for the price!

Pros:cute colorslightweighteasy to use qwertydecent screenCons;everyone I talk to says I sound like I'm in a tunnel or there is loud static or grindingspeaker phone is awful, can't hear at allBluetooth is iffycharger didn't workIf this is for a teen or someone who hasn't used a quality cell before, they might not care. Otherwise, I'm ready to return this item asap.

I bought this phone for my kids to use. They have lots of activities where I have to drop them off and split to take another kid to another sport. Being stationed in Italy, I needed a phone that was unlocked, could hold a SIM, was easy to use, but was not expensive. This met all the qualifications. It doesn't take the best pictures, but my kids love it. It does everything I need and more: texts, calls, Internet, videos, pictures, music, games to keep the kids occupied, and the battery lasts quite a while. I also like the multiple colors so that my kids don't have to wonder if they grabbed the right phone. The only thing that was a bummer was that the company does not ship to Italy, even via APO, so I had to ship it to my sister and she had to forward it to me. Other than that, I am happy with the product! We'll see over the long haul how it works.

I got this phone for my son for his very first phone. (He is 11) I wanted something very simple with no smartphone capabilities. This phone is very simple, maybe a bit too simple. The FM radio does work well (the reason I got this particular phone). The messaging is kind of weird and my son never knows when he has a voicemail. Texting is easy to send, but receiving isn't as simple. The camera is total junk (even worse than I was expecting). The worst thing is that there is no keylock that you can set. There is a timeout feature that will lock the keys, but that is annoying to set a very short timeout feature just so that you can have you phone locked in your pocket. He is constantly pocket calling.So bottom line-- it does work on ATT. The sound is actually quite clear and texting functions. The FM radio also works fine. Not so bad that I am returning it, not so good that I would buy another one.

exelent very good

Bought this phone to use in the Caribbean and it's working well so far. Would have preferred and bigger screen though.

My son really likes the phone. He says the only negative is that the instructions are lacking. However by scrolling through the menus you can find what you need.

Used it on our vacation to Europe and it worked great in 4 countries!

It worked well in the first week, then it stopped working. All my text messages were deleted, and I could not get them back.

TOTAL RIPOFF. The &#34;manual&#34; is beyond inadequate. Even my techie friends were baffled. DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE. The language was defaulted to Spanish and most of the &#34;instructions were as well.

OK, as a senior citizen who tries to keep up, I think I have fallen off the planet on this one. The manual does not have ANY useful information that I can understand. No diagram showing the functions of the keys. So when they say SEND key, for example what are they talking about? The center "joy stick"? How can I scroll down? I did figure out how to turn it on without any outside help, also took a photo, and called my cell phone #, but I am really getting frustrated by lack of resources to help.OK-next day-I figured out if you stick your fingernail practically under the rim of the SEND key, you will can scroll down, left, right, etc. I think this might be an OK phone if I can navigate the features. When I wanted to change the time, the numbers worked well, but couldn't get AM to read PM. After some time I hit the "z" key and it worked??

These phones were great for keeping track of the kids in Greece and Spain, What peace of mind they brought us. SIM cards were $6  & &10.

Its noisy so much static and alot of times it's hard to understand the conversation because of the static and interference

Not as advertised . Says it has social hubs that's totally a lie.  The phone is a toy for your 5 years old kid. Save your money.

I PURCHASED THIS PHONE TO USE WHEN I TRAVELED INTERNATIONAL, WHICH I DID, AND I SO LOVE IT. THANK U

I read about this phone and was under the impression that it would be supported on the AT&T network. Although the phone was great and everything as expected, it just didn't work on the AT&T network. The phone is pretty small as well.

hello RECEIVED in Venezuela to support the computer came in perfect condition in its sealed box with charger battery longer have time using it to work without problems is a simple phone TV signal is received in perfect clarity depending on where one finds

Really good for the price and the TV looks really cool. I Recomended for basic phone, but the social networks doesn't work in Venezuela :(

Made from cheap material. Instructions in Spanish, (which you are not advised of) and very confusing. Battery life practically non existent. Would not buy again.

The phone came with everything as described by the manufacturer, it is super lightweight, supports my dual sim perfectly, good reception and most of all for me I can pick up local Tv stations, and I live in the Caribbean.Charger/data cable is ideal and any regular headphones can work with it. I'm never getting rid of this phone.

Only paid 28.00 for the phone but it was not even worth that. lousy,lousy reception no matter where you are! also came in a different language which is near impossible to change when you have no idea what it says to make the changes, Thank God for a nice man online who knew the code to change it to english, don't waste ur money here.

I've enjoyed this phone for the last few days which replaces a primitive Nokia smart phone (Symbian anyone?). While the Nokia is on it's death bed I've started depending on my tablet as a wifi phone for calling and messaging and realized I don't need a $300-600 phone.  I just need something to carry around when away from wifi. Also, with T-Mobile and other new wireless non-contract options there is no reason to be tied to a plan over $10-30/mo.Bad:&#62;VGA (0.3 mp) camera - Not 2mp as listed by Amazon&#62;50 contact limit (over 100 listed on my SIM card).&#62;No way to add appointments to the calender - sometimes it's important to have a phone beeping at you&#62;Navigating options is challenging but the back pages of the manual are in English (Hint: To lock the keyboard press middle &#34;go&#34; button followed by the space key).&#62;mp3 listed  by song only - no albums or artistGood:&#62;This is an excellent sub $30 phone.  &#62;Yes, it's plastic but well made&#62;Good phone sound quality&#62; Light weight&#62;The keyboard keys have a nice feel.&#62;2 SIM cards&#62;SD card (why pay $50 more for $5 of storage)&#62;Tiny television  - amaze friends and family with the single Spanish channel! Try that with an iPhone&#62;FM radio is nice and strong  (antenna helps)&#62;mp3 player better than average&#62;Bluetooth easy to use&#62;Good battery life&#62;USB charging (this is a major selling point)Other than the VGA camera (which isn't high enough resolution to  record receipts for bluetoothing to a tablet or laptop to convert to pdfs for reimbursement - something I need) I would keep the phone. I'm planning to exchange the Samba TV for a W (with 1.3 mp camera).

You are getting $20 worth of cellphone. Dont expect anything &#34;extra&#34; lol. Its good for calling and texting, thats what I'm using it for. It would be nice if the calendar app were a bit better. There's no ringtones, all settings are basically set in stone. I dont recommend getting it in white cuz it gets dirty pretty quick. But overall great.
