
Not Bad Good Case...Its a good case..I just wish it covered the very top and bottom of the phone.I would recommend it

amazing case just what I was looking for , the back cases work well on my phone... but please I want another one in different color . is it available..?

It is a very nice case, great materials, and well make. We are highly recommended! It will be nice if they can come with screen protector...

Nice product goes on easily

I would have liked a darker purple - the color in the image is darker than what I received - still nice though, but more approachinglilac than deep purple.Nice and sleek while providing some protection (and a needed bit of grippiness ) to the Lumia 925.Incipio prices are outrageous for as far as I can tell, the same piece of plastic. Maybe their plastic is much stronger or some such.I have the Incipio Feather and this case so maybe I'll find out . But even if this case breaks on a drop where the Incipio wouldn't -I could buy 2-3 of these case for the price of the Incipio Feather. I really don't see that much (if any ) difference other than price.

Works so far. Slim and fits very well. Shipped and arrived on time. Nothing out of the ordinary... Purple as can be.. She loves it... Doesn't come with a screen protector or anything though.

this is nice

Good protection for an awesome phone without the bulk. Very sleek, sometimes I forget I have the phone in my pocket.

This case has a quality feel matte black finish that is nice in your hand. It fits perfect and everything lines up spot on. Some may find it a bit slippery to the touch. It is NOT a gel/ soft rubber or TPU type case with a tacky feel. As pointed out in other reviews here, it looks awesome as one of the best features of the 925, the aluminum frame, remain exposed yet protected from drops and dings. I can't really comment on the durability and protection factor as I have not had it long enough to experience any no major drops.

This case is probably the best looking case for the Nokia 925.  It keeps the phone slim while still protecting the lens when I set it down.  It's also not too grippy that is can't slide into my pants pocket, but keeps it from sliding out of my hand too easily like it does without a case (the phone is slick/slippery for me).The downside to this case is that, since it is hard, it cracks eventually.  I've had mine for about half a year and the case is slowly starting to split from the corner down the side.  I've dropped the phone a few times with it on, and another corner has cracked and chipped off as a result.  It did protect the phone, so it has done it's job so far.The only reason I would give it 4 stars instead of 5 is that the case is splitting on the side that has not had impact (probably a result of it being in my pocket)

Perfect fit. Not going to protect it if it's dropped but good enough for me.Has great grip which the phone has lack of.

It is a beautiful case that fits great. The phone is very well nuzzled into the case. Thank you very much!!

This product is okay, it is a simple covering for the back of the phone. This will not protect your phone from the glass breaking.

I purchased this cover to try to reduce how slippery the Nokia 925 is. Fit is great and the phone looks really good in it. However, it is still a bit slippery and I find I don't feel as secure holding the phone as I would like to.

Slim fit, doesn't make the phone bulky. Smooth edges. Matte finish. Doesn't show fingerprints. Protects well. The purple is cute.

Update: So it has been maybe 2 weeks. Dropped my phone on a tile floor. Phone is undamaged, case is cracked. So I suppose it did its job and protected my phone, but it is hardly the "ultimate protection" if it only works once! Will need to buy a new case. And despite being pretty, I won't be getting this one a second time.Original review: I thought there would be a little more to this case since it is supposed to be "Rubberised". It is pretty and I love the color, but it is thin and I find I have to work to get to the camera button.  Worth the price though. The phone feels a little more solid in my hand, but this case appears more for aesthetics and than protection.

This case fits perfectly! Good quality and wears very well. I've had it for about 4-5 months and it still looks new. I take care of my electronics but I take my phone everyone, in my pocket, Pandora in the car, running at the gym. This case as kept my phone well protected. Most importantly it protects the corners which is great.

I bought the case about two months ago and all four corners are cracked and one has broken. I am not rough on my phone, it is usually in my purse or on the counter. Poor product, cheap and I'm disappointed. Would NIT recommend

Nice case purchase this case for my son and he loves it this is a keeper my son wanted it in a different color as well but it only comes in black.

I had to get this since i couldn't get an otterbox phone case for my nokia lumia 925 so this was all i could find. It was fair.

Fits great with lumia 925, love the color, good price, simple and slick, love it, have same brand for my other nokia lumia 920

Case looks great. It didn't ruin the appearance of the phone at all. Looks very elegant and is minimalistic. Protects the back of the phone and edges. Its the perfect fit for Lumia 925. Also great feel when holding the phone. Will see how durable is it, as it just arrived and it was in only 2 days. Great experience

When I purchased this case for my phone I loved it.  When I gave it to my son,  in one day it literally disintegrated.  The cover had b to be peeled off of the phone.  Would never buy this product again.

First, this is not the case you buy because you worry about dropping your phone from more than four feet high onto hard surfaces. This is a COVER case, as it says in the title. This is meant to prevent daily &#34;gentle abuse&#34; to the phone, such as setting it on dirty surfaces, taking it in and out of pockets, keeping it clean from your oily fingers (we all have oily fingers, don't deny it). It covers the phone and protects it from average, everyday use.Second, I give this case 5 stars because I don't abuse my phone. I don't drop it frequently. I don't carry it to jobs such as construction work. I don't have pets or friends that chew on it. It keeps my phone covered so that I worry less about it getting dirty, scratched, or wet (from the rain, not the ocean). It is light enough I don't notice it when I'm carrying the phone, stylish enough I don't consider it to look tacky, and provides direct and unrestricted access to the main buttons and ports; I hate cases that obstruct the main buttons and ports such that it requires you to bench a certain minimum weight to use them.Lastly, this is a back (and sides) cover only - no screen protection. Personally, I don't mind that. I love this case just the way it is and it fits my lifestyle and usage scenario perfectly. Oh, one last note: this does have an issue with lasting quality. This case is likely to chip and break even over extended &#34;normal&#34; use of the phone, but the case is less than $10 so you get what you pay for. For the price, I am very satisfied with mine.

Excellent product.  Super smooth.  Fits perfectly.  Every button is accounted for.  The case is also very strong and durable.  Not flimsy at all.  No need for a $30 case.  This does the trick.

everything fit perfectly on the product ,screen protector could be a closer fit on front of phone but does what it says

After only having the case about 4 months the corners started to crack and one piece around the edge did break off.  I wouldn't recommend it for long term protection of your phone.

great case nice price.  actually prefer the feel of the case to the bare phone.  very good product, highly recommend

This case really overcome my expectations, fits perfectly on my phone and looks great, it also seems well made.100% recommended

The design is simple, but it is very good looking. It has all slots for buttons of the phone. It is also a good deal.

I purchased this cover case as I had to replace my phone after repeatedly dropping it and the screen finally cracked.Don't know if this case will offer much protection if I drop the phone on it's face again but I am trying to be more careful  :-)I really didn't want to invest $25 or more for a case so this one for less than $7 was right for me.

Lucky to receive two stars. While the product looks and feels nice, it does not offer &#34;Optimal protection&#34; as advertised. Dropped the phone on the tarmac the other day and the case basically shatterred. Which wouldn't be too big of a deal...had it fully protected my phone.Received damage to two corners. The corners on this case do not wrap all the way around the phone's corners, leaving a large area exposed to damage. The weak structure of the case also led to damage of the screen near a corner. This happened when the case shattered, moving backwards and allowing the screen to touch the ground. Luckily, my screen protector is of high quality and while damage to screen protector was visible, the protector is healing nicely and no actual damage to the screen was made. (That being said, I recommend the Armorsuit screen protector).Product gets two stars: One for price, one for appearance/feel.

The corner split from overhandling or something, and then kept catching as my pocket caught it. Finally it broke off. I suppose it protected my phone okay, for the price. Until it split.

Though the title says rubberized, it seems there is still hard plastic below. The side of the case broke off between the volumne and the headphone jack. I ended up going with Iwotou Candy Color Matte Skin Soft TPU Gel Case Cover for Nokia Lumia 925 instead.

This cover fits phone as a glove, makes it look better and doesn't add much weight covering sides and back nicely. Love it.

No front protection at all . Very thin though . The only real problem is that it doesn't protect any if the corners or the front...just the back!  It does make the phone easier to hold though

to thin and slippery

I love this case. It fits perfectly, and leaves ample access to buttons. However, it is VERY slick. It almost mimics the phone's own surface, which if you own one, you understand. The edges are rounded, however mine are quite rough.

After almost dropping my 925 several times, I went ahead and purchased this case. Application is easy so long as you place the button side into the case first. The corners of he device seem relatively safe from impacts. Should the device fall on its face; however, the seems to be very little &#34;lip&#34; on this case to protect it. That actually makes it a lot easy to use the screen as nothing gets on the way of your swiping.Overall it seems to be a good case, I just wish it came in more colors for variety.

If you are playing/ watching videos movies or anything that makes you hold the cell phone horizontaly will make your fingers hurt. That's because the edge of the case is like a &#34;knife&#34;, so if you put your hands there (very usually) it will make it hurt. Except for that, is like any other case.

Great, hip and stylish case. It is durable and slim. It does not make the phone feel like a brick. Sleek!

Thought there would be a more rubber for a bouncy type of feel and protection from drops. Fits perfectly.

There are really only two problems with this case. First and foremost, after owning it less than a month, one of the corners broke off the phone. It's the top right corner, which is typically the corner that goes into the jeans pocket first, so it gets a little more wear and tear than the other corners, but it literally just broke off.The second problem is that while I agree with every other review here in that it is a very, very slim and attractive case, it affords no protection to the phone whatsoever. I dropped the phone from no more than 3 feet last night and it landed on the two non-broken corners. My Lumia now sports a shattered screen all across the bottom right of the phone.So if you want a slick, thin case for your phone, this is the case to buy. But if you want to afford your new smartphone any protection whatsoever, do yourself a favor and look elsewhere.

like the 5 star rating i gave you . this case is just what i needed for my phone. my only prob. is they only had one color black. other then that the case is great. i also used the cover from the case i got that i did not LIKE . i used the stand that came with the other one and it fits over the case that i have now. so i still have a stand for my phone. just need more colors.other then that ITS A GREAT CASE FOR YOUR LUMIA 925. CHECK IT OUT

I figured if I HAD to protect my investment with a coat of armor I would go for something that didn't add too much bulk or weight. But I still thought I would hate having my sleek, metallic Lumia 925 covered in plastic. I was pleasantly surprised.This case not only does what I hoped it would do -- reinforce the vulnerable corners and recess the camera lens so it doesn't get scratched when I lay the phone down -- it actually feels good in the hand. Smooth and kind of creamy, and a little less slippery (read droppable) than the naked phone. As other reviewers have noted, the buttons, lenses, and various orifices are easily accessible. The case adds only about a millimeter of thickness. And it leaves enough of the 925's beautiful aluminum rim exposed to remind you of the high-quality instrument beneath the cover.Finally, if you're into color, the solid purple goes great with many of the Windows Phone 8 color themes -- olive, violet, mauve, orange, yellow, green, taupe, and others.

Writing this review after using the case for about a month and half now, and honestly its just okay. The soft touch rubber back feels great in the hand and is TONS better then going case-less, as the 925 is way to slippery. But the case DOES NOT protect the back of the phone from getting dirty at all. It would seem that the case is flush to the phone from the looks of it but after taking the case off recently I was surprised/dissapointed that the back was really dirty. My 925 is white and its now a dirty yellowish white. So again. The case is good for the handling of the phone but it doesnt keep the phone looking new at all.

It protects the phone back really well from scratches on the back and sides. The top edge and bottom edge are open so they can be damaged on those edges. I'm not sure how well it will with stand a drop though.

works like it supposed to - im happy with it - again yr going to want more words so here they are - i dont like having to type extra since my fingers get very tired

Color n style feels great and that its slim not all thick,comes off easy too ,makes my cell look cool

Works just as expected and for cleaning it removes fairly easily! i appreciate the timeliness of the delivery as well. Thank you!

I took the plunge to be the first for this case and don't regret it. Recieved it in two days as described. (Gotta love Prime) The case fits to perfection with all the cutouts lining up just right. It hardly adds any thickness to it as it still has the feel of the thin phone without it. We'll see how long it last and how durable it is as time passes by for now, IT'S A GO!!!!! (posting pics)

This cover is just what the doctor ordered. A couple of standout items:- The Lumia 925, like the 1020, does not have a flat back. While less obtrusively so, it can still get annoying. This takes care of it completely.- The material has a really high end, classy feel to it. I mean it. It feels super nice to hold.- Having said that, please keep in mind that it is still slippery as opposed to grippy. But I treat my phone gently anyway, and so should you, and so this should be a non issue- It fits REALLY snug. A resounding *snap* when you put it on.

Everyone comments on how great my Lumia looks with this cover - the color matches the color scheme selected in Windows phone, and I got a great pic in Mexico that I use for my screen background that just makes it pop!

This case fits perfectly and protects the phone. Even though the profile is low on the front, I believe it is enough to protect the phone face. I especially like the snug fit, added camera lens protection and the color.  I have the purple cover and it is rather a dark color, not at all flashy. This cover feels soft in my hand.

I had some reservations, but I was surprised by the quality. The size is great - doesn't make the phone feel much bigger; the back protects the camera by ~2mm and the front lip of the case keeps the screen ~1mm of any surfaces. It stays on tight enough - it's a &#34;slap on&#34; case, so if you try to pry it off it'll come off easily. Haven't had any issues with it feeling loose going in/out of pockets. Don't get turned off by the comments about the &#34;rubberised&#34; surface - it's tacky and feels like rubber - the person who said it's slick must have tried the case out right after going to KFC.

Fits the phone well, shipped quickly and came as described.  Not a case that will provide great protection but keeps the phone slim while giving it some protection.

Love the feel of the case, but after a few months the corners crack.  Will try one more, but if the corners crack on this next one all reviews go to 1.

Very sturdy.  Has been getting daily use for over 6 months on two of our phones and shows no sign of falling apart, even around the cutouts.  Does not show fingerprints.  Not for those who want glitz, but perfect as a phone case.

I have always detested bulky cases, but after I cracked my last screen I decided to give this product a shot. I was very pleased.It has a sleek, sturdy design and just enough of a lip to protect the phone from concrete belly flops. Recommended for those who want to maintain the inherent appeal of the phone while adding some extra protection.

This case is wonderful.  Without it the Nokia Lumia 925 is very slippery and hard to hold and hang onto.  With this case it does not slip or slide and is much easier to handle and hold.  Thank you so much!!!  I would recommend this case to others!!!

I use my Windows phone to listen to my xBox music and it fell about 5 feet down to the concrete below and it kept my phone from getting damaged.  It is also very thin - so no bulky pockets.

Had a black one for about 6 months. After multiple drops, it was starting to crack, so got a replacement. Case did it's job; phone is still fine despite all the abuse. I like the slim profile and the rubberization isn't too much, just enough to give better grip.

I really like the case so far. The phone itself is very delicate and I always had the insecurity of dropping it. But the finish of the case took away that insecurity in addition to adding a rich look to the phone. It makes using the phone much easier without adding on bulk.

I needed a case that was functional but also with a great form factor.  I found it with this case.  I also love the fact that it allows for easy slip into my pocket unlike the larger rubbery cases.  And while I can clearly see it is not as protective as the bricks we sometimes surround our phones with...it gives me some assurance that a light fall will be covered.  I recommend adding a protective screen protector to lessen the potential for the glass shattering if it takes a hard fall.

Fits very well. Sturdy, elegant, doesn't add volume to the phone. Good material with nice feeling.Only improvement point is the bottom edge is a little bit sharp and this is annoying when talking on the phone. They need to make it more round. I did this with the help of a fine sand paper. Now it is perfect.

It fits perfectly to the phone and the phone looks good. It is thin and soft that gives a good feeling on your hands.

With this clip on cover, the phone is easier to hold/grab with the hand, material is really soft to the touch and effective at protecting my phone.

It has a very snug fit, the color (purple) is so pretty and the material feels very durable and high quality. Very pleased with it

perfect as described- this cover has saved my phone on numerous occasions!

This protector definitely makes your phone less slippery. It does protect the back but does not protect the corners or front. I like the feel, but ended up buying a soft rubber protector that wraps around the edges.So if you want the screen completely exposed this is a good case. If you want corner or drop protection, not so good.

Fits snug.  Protects corners.  Plenty of access.  Well designed.  Rugged inexpensive investment to protect your high quality phone/  If you rely on having your phone for business or family, then this is a good buy.

Confirming other reviewers:  The case cracks if it lands on the corner.  I've got two corner cracks that are slowing getting longer.  The phone is protected.  The cracks may develop simply from pressure on the corners, and not drops.  Not sure.  The case was slick at first, but it's getting more of a matte finish over time.  Fits pretty good.  Access holes to buttons on the right side are not centered and can make it a bit difficult to hit them with larger paws.After 6 months I'm getting another case...but not much out there to chose from for this phone.

I don't like the material that is like foamy. But I paid 5 buck, so... What was I expecting? Nice.

Since I paid for a light, streamlined Nokia Lumia 925, I didn't want a bulky case.  This is small, light and has a perfect fit.  Protects all the important stuff (inc camera lens) while leaving everything important open.  It is NOT a gel case, but firm rubber/plastic.  I have no problem with the grip, but it is not nearly as &#34;grippy&#34; as a gel cover.  That said, a gel cover by definition would not be as sleek.  If you are willing to add bulk for grip, go elsewhere.  If you want sleek and minimal, buy this.

light, slim & covers the phone pretty well. can't go wrong here. buttons are easy to press, fits like a glove

Love the low profile, as it doesn't weigh down my phone. Rubberized surface makes the phone feel secure in my hand! Great value!

There is nothing fancy about this cover and it does what it's suppose to do...protect your investment. It has adds style and character to the look and feel of your Nokia Lumia 925 and it does not fade away color or scratch the surface of the cover that easy unless you dropped it in the middle of your street pavement or rough concrete area. I highly recommend and would purchase again.

My partner got a Lumina 925 and I purchased this cover for him. It fits well and offers excellent protection. I have a similar cover for my Nokia 920.

I love this case.  I've had two of these cases.  I love how slim they are.  They protect my phone without being huge and bulky.  If you do drop your phone the case can crack fairly easy.  I love the rubberised feeling on it.  It makes the phone easy to hold onto yet it isn't so sticky you can't slip it in and out of your pocket.  I will only use this case for my nokia.

Update 2/26/2014:I purchased three of these cases and all developed crack in corner(s).  One developed 1" crack from corner as result of dropping phone on hard surface (see picture I published in customer images).  The other two cracked without being dropped, one had two corners cracked.  I have downgraded my review to two stars due to these cases not adequately protecting the phone.Original review...I purchased 6 different covers for Lumia 925 phone, this one in black and 2 in purple.  The cover is a coated hard plastic, not TPU gel.  It is the thinnest and "cleanest" looking of the cases I tried.  The corners are protected by the case but barely.  Thicker TPU cases provide better protection on the corners.  I prefer cases like this one where the buttons are not covered by the case.  The finish is matte and the color was consistent throughout, the purple is a deep purple.  The camera cutout is raised adequately to protect the camera lens from sliding.  Overall, the case has a very good feel in the hand.

This is a great case, exactly as the picture shows, a nice shade of black and looks awesome next to a white phone. The problem however is that it is a little bit slick and smooth. The aluminum siding the phone has actually provides a better grip than this cover. While it is a good quality product and looks great on the phone I think I am going to shop for another one because I'm afraid I will drop the phone more with this case on than without.Just the right thickness though to make the phone a little bit sturdier in your hand (as the phone is really thin) and seems to provide enough protection, certainly at least from scratches and stuffs on the back.

I've gotten compliments on this case and that's never happened to me before with any of the cases I've owned. The purple is a nice dark-greyish color and perfectly compliments the mauve WinPhone color setting. I do not expect this case to protect my phone from drops but it keeps the back from scratching and makes the slick Lumia 925 much easier to handle.

This case is mass produced and not a very refined case. Some edges are sharp and fragments are remaining where the case was cut. Very worth the money, but not a perfect product. Protects the camera and rear side of phone quite nicely as well as putting some space between the screen surface and case edges. Corners are protected and buttons are great to access. Overall not bad, and worth what I paid.

Does what it's supposed to. No fuss. What else can one write about a cell phone case. Well designed. Looks good.

Have owned it for more than 2 weeks now and its been great. Its one of the few covers that comes in a great color for the phone, and doesn't have ugly edges. It does make the phone a little less slippery to hold but not much. It does a decent job of protecting the phone as long as it doesn't fall screen-first.

Hard cover, really thin and goes on very securely.  It's actually very soft- I'm hoping it will not get dirty.

Protects my phone, looks good (nice and snug fit), comfortable feel. Haven't tested it by dropping by phone.  Arrived promptly.  Can't beat the price.

I've only owned this case for a few hours now, but so far it feels great.  It adds a lot of grip to this very slippery phone.  The thing that I like best about it is that it is very low profile, I hate cases that add a lot of bulk to a phone.  This barely adds any weight or size to the phone but seems to be very well made and should keep the phone safe for a long time.

This sits on the 925 snug, I would have liked to see a little more protection on the top and bottom and a little more wrap on the corners, but for the price, and based on the reviews I knew what I was getting, the &#34;rubberized&#34; cover isn't tacky at all, but it doesn't slide around as much as the phone without it.  My next case will be a more serious one, probably the trident, but my next phone will also be more serious, and 2+3 years away.  I won't be doing any drop tests, but I expect this is a 1 drop only case that will start chipping afterwords. The lumia's rear camera sticks out a little, this cover curves with it, making it so the lens will not be scratched by being placed and sliding on its backIs it a $10 phone protector? Yeswas it cheaper than $10? YesDoes it keep a small form factor?  YesIs it Bulky for greater protection? NoAre any ports/buttons protected/Covered? No *but rear camera is not exposed, so it is protected compared to without

I bought the case as an emergency stop-gap so that I didn't get any scratches on the delicate backside/edges. The case fits securely and the rubberized feel is not bad, but I prefer more of a hard rubber feel and this is very soft. In my few days of usage, I noticed that oil from my fingers left some smudges on the back, but nothing that couldn't be wiped off on my shirt.I ended up switching to a more cushioned case because I've broken a screen on a Lumia before and this case definitely did not give me confidence that the screen would be protected if the phone fell face down. That said, for $5, I wasn't expecting it to be that protective.My only real complaint, however, is the bottom edge. I frequently hold phones so that they rest on my pinky fingers while surfing/typing and the bottom edge of this case is very sharp making it painful to hold that way. If you hold smartphones this way, I would definitely recommend avoiding this case. Otherwise, for the price, it's not bad!

It is a nice case that snapped on easily.  However, some of the seams are rough, which is a bit annoying when trying to hold the phone.Don't expect this case to protect from drops, as it just isn't substantial enough for that.  However, as a basic case it should work fine.

The case is exactly what you see here, and nothing more. It is smooth, but adding the case improves grip on the phone versus using no case. It offers minimal protection to the protruding rear camera lens (to be expected), and will offer almost no protection to your phone screen.The case mostly wraps around the corners of the phone, but not entirely, so it may not have even protected my phone from the fall that precipitated its purchase (when my phone hit concrete and somehow managed to scratch all four corners). Nevertheless, I knew this when buying, and must say that I am satisfied with the tradeoff between complete phone coverage and protection and a case that is almost invisible.It easily slides in and out of my pocket and does not add significant thickness or weight to the phone.

It sticks to the screen... that is about all that is good with this.  I have them for other devices and they worked great... this one is super soft and affects the touchscreen and visuals of my phone.

There is nothing fancy about this case.  It keeps areas safe that need to be safe.  I did drop the phone and the case cracked in the upper corner, however the crack has not grown nor has the case fallen apart.

Holds well, protects phone well. Gives nice 'soft touch' feeling and i can hold the phone better, 'cause due to metallic sides the phone tried to slide from my hands several times. Totally happy with the purchase

The cover is convenient. It isn't so thick, in other words it doesn't make my Lumia any bigger than what it is. I love how it fits perfectly and it doesn't come off. It doesn't bother at all. I love my case. Would recommend to those that want a case that's convenient and doesn't make the Lumia feel bigger, plus it adds a really pretty color to your phone.

The case fits well and looks good. The price was reasonable. What more can you say? Five stars. A very good value for the money.

Love the case! Makes the phone feel and look great!

This case feels very comfortable in the hand, has a smooth and soft feel to it. It's thin and looks good too.

Case fits well, and protected my phone when it was dropped on pavement, although the case itself cracked. An identical replacement case began to crack at corners within a few weeks, without any impact incidents. I'll replace it with a different manufacturer.

I bought the Lumia 925 a few weeks ago and bought a case at T-Mobile it was large and did not feel great in my hand. When I had the phone in my hand without any case it just felt amazing. So I found this case on amazon and must say it is well worth it. I paid about 30.00 for the one at T-Mobile and this one blows it out of the water. That one might protect it a bit more but you do not enjoy the quality of the Lumia. I am loving my phone even better now that I am using this case. I will be ordering more colors.

Protects the back of the cell, also providing greater grip because it is very slippery.The construction material is very rigid  and beautifully finished.

Slim fitting, well made case.  Good if you're looking for something low profile that does not greatly expand size of the phone while still providing additional protection.

I've managed to drop this, still scratched top and bottom edge of phone where there isn't a lip to cover it. The phone cover already has a crack that is going down from the corner and hasn't met other side yet so I expect it to fall off in the future.  This isn't the best cover to get to put on your phone.  It will give it minimal fall coverage, but IMO not the best.  Will seek out another cover when I have the money.  The cover is good if you like to really grip your phone when you hold it.  If you just lightly hold it at an angle there is a chance it will slide out of hand.  I do see what other people mean by the plastic piece that juts out because it over flowed in the mold.  It didn't feel like it was cutting me but you probably could wear it down with a file like others have noted if you're picky about it before you put the cover on your phone.

The case is already started to crack and it has been only a month or two that I have bought the case. Also as mentioned by other reviewers, whereas it feels nice to hold and looks good too, it really doesn't offer much protection!

It started to break within a week of having it. It was like it was disintegrating. In a month, I purchased a new case.

This cover fits the 925 perfectly, doesn't detract from the phone's aesthetics and has a very nice feel in your hand.  For the price, I'd say it can't be beat.

This case addresses my two concerns with the phone: grip and protecting the camera lens.  Anyone who's picked up the phone off a table knows that the metal edges are pretty slick.  Many times picking up the phone means accidentally hitting the power button or volume rocker.  This case has enough texture to grip it well without being too grippy to slip into a pocket.With the protruding lens on the back of the case, I worried that the lens cover would get eventually scratched up from setting the phone down throughout the day.  This case keeps the lens bubble from ever making contact with the surface the phone is sitting on.Overall, it's a nice, slim case that doesn't add any notable bulk to the phone, doesn't get in the way of any buttons or ports, and adds a little extra protection to the device.  Really can't ask for more at this price.

It fits nicely onto my 925. Got the similar quality feel as the back of phone. It covers 4 corners, two sides and the back. Also leave safety space between touch screen and table surface while you put in face down on table. Nicely done.

Nothing to complain about. It fits perfectly and is easy to use. This is worth the price if this style suits you.

Clean, thin, nice feeling in the hand, etc.  Will buy again.  Hasn't come off even if the phone has fallen on the floor.

This case is pretty good as far as build quality. That being said, this is an extremely low profile case, so the amount of protection that it actually offers is questionable. If you are looking for a case for the lumia 925 that offers incredible protection, then you might want to look at the trident case. However, if a low profile case is what you want, then this is what you should look at. Just keep on mind that you may be sacrificing some protection by going low profile.

I love it, the color, the price and it actually does a pretty okay job in protecting my phone. I really recommend it, if you want something more protective than spend more money.

We brought this for my step daughters phone since her favorite color is purple. It fits great and shipped quickly. Product was just as described.

And more importantly; it barely adds any thickness to the phone, which is what I was most worried about given the price point.Very happy. My only knock might be that it's a little difficult to get off, but that's probably a good thing.

I really like this case. It has a nice grippy feel to the surface which manages to stay clean. The holes for the camera, flash, speaker and wireless charging on the back of my unit are a tiny bit off center, but this doesn't affect the function in any way. It grips the phone quite well without adding too much dimension. It, like most cases, does seem to contribute slightly to the heat retention of the phone but the protection it offers is worth the trade off.Update: After about three months of ownership every single corner of the case sports a crack going from the corner towards the camera hole. The longest crack is about an inch and a half and the shortest is only a few millimeters. I know it's only a matter of time before one of the cracked flaps catches on my pocket and rips off entirely. I rarely remove the case so this wear seems to have been caused solely by the force from entering and exiting my pocket.I will probably buy one more to replace this one since I am such fan of the form factor and the grippiness, but if that one breaks as this one did I will have to seek an alternative.

Not much of a cover case. a real disappointment. Wanted it to be more protective of the edges. It's as fragile as the phone itself.

I was very disappointed in this case. It broke almost immediatedly on bottom left and right corners. The color and feel were nice but there is little protection of the actual phone.

This keeps all the sleekness of the phone while giving it just a tad more protection and grip. Just what I was looking for!

not a pelikan case but then you did not think it was.  it's a phone cover.  what can you say about it.  it fits, it does not cover controls.  i provides some protection unless you are going to be throwing your phone at the wall, floor etc.  for the price not bad.

Great quality. Love how it feels, silky (not sticky and slippery).Goes in my pocket without getting stuck. Great thin cover.

I am not sure if it doesnt fit the phone well or what.. If I hold the phone now near the top or bottom edge I feel like I might get cut by the case.

bought this for my sister, she likes it a lot, need to replace though, its got lots of ware, but that's what its for, its protected her phone well.
