
I purchased the yellow lumia 1020.  Being my first nokia , I was impressed with the solid construction and feel of the phone.  There were no cheap parts used to make the phone.  The windows live tile interface is one of the coolest and unique interfaces out right now.  I still think windows has a lot of work to do, but they are on the right track.  The camera is without a doubt the best in the market period....there are enough camera settings for some people to lose their point and shoot and with camera phones today that seems to be the trend.  My only gripe would be the battery which drained a little to quickly for my taste.  That's with WiFi, Bluetooth, and all the other battery draining features turned off.  It still does an OK job, just not for my taste.  If you want a great camera with a phone added on, this is for you.  You also need to be open to windows live tiles and realize you are an early adopter so your app choices will not be as large as android or apple os phones until more apps get designed.  I would recommend!

I pre-ordered but it took longer than expected to get mine, so I tried it out in the store with their glass dome demo. To be honest I wasnt impressed with the camera all that much. It was placed in the darkest ugliest corner of my AT&T; store so there wasn't much to photograph. When I finally recieved my device with the camera grip I was blown away with every picture I took.The color and contrast of each picture were beyond my expectations. Playing with the manual settings of the camera really make it shine. The software makes it very easy to use these otherwise complicated features.Easily the best phone I've ever used and possible the best camera as well. It seems to take better pictures than the Sony NEX-5. Of course you could probably get a better picture with the right lens, flash, etc., but the Lumia 1020 is just so fun to use I will have a hard time going back to anything else (DSLR included).If your pictures are grainly try out some manual settings. At 100-400 ISO and the OIS it takes incredible pictures even without a tripod in dimmly lit rooms.

I paid full price for this phone, i spoke before I bought the phone with amazon and Nokia and i was told that if i buy the phone with full price it will come unlocked.Guess what??? it didn't!!!at&t; locked the phone, they have a contract with nokia so in order for me to get an unlocked code from at&t; i Have to be a At&t; customer for 6 months. so...no thank you!i tried to get the unlock code from at&t;, amazon representative helped me out, we stayed 1 h on the phone, we opned a case for this and still nothing.i had to return the phonevery sad :(

I just upgraded to the Nokia Lumia 1020, and absolutely love it. I take lots of pics and my old Nokia wasn't that great. However, it seemed like often, I missed pictures because I didn't have my camera along.This phone is a bit bulkier (there's a bulge on the back for the newer camera), and I got a camera grip with it, which makes it even bigger. That's not a problem for me because I carry it in my purse. That might be a drawback for guys who carry a phone in their pocket because it doesn't have that slim design.The phone comes with an app, Nokia Pro Cam, which lists the settings along the edges of the viewfinder. You can tap a setting and a menu comes up at the bottom to change the settings, almost like the dials on a regular camera. It also has a half press to focus and full press to shoot button, much like a traditional camera. There is a built in lens stabilizer that is works perfectly. I've taken several hundred pictures and not a bad one in the bunch, even in less than optimal lighting.There's also a Creative Studio app for performing various trick edits. I haven't used it yet but will update when I have more experience with it.The 2,000 mAh unit easily lasted me a day of regular use, talking on the phone, checking e-mail occasionally, sending and receiving text messages, stalking FB pics, and taking pictures. So far I'm really happy with this purchase. No more missing nice shots because I left my good camera at home.Thanks for taking the time to read my review, and I hope you found it helpful in making a purchase decision.

It has a cool, sleek, elegant design that goes very well with WP.The camera is the best in the market; you take the photo first and then, select (re-frame) the section you want.To share your photos, you use Hipstamic.It's a great phone!!

I am a smartphone junkie, I get new phones right when they come out and love to toy and rate anything I get. This phone has stayed in my pocket the longest since the Iphone 4S I had a couple years ago. IT's a wonderful device. I love to take videos at concerts and test the sound and audio clarity. This is absolutely crazy how well it records a concert with bass, right under a speaker. CLEAR AS A A BELL! It doesn't get interfered with or blurred by lasers and lights, it captures the whole show perfectly and replays like you were there. The photos are also above any device I've used. It's long distance or further away abilities are it's jewel. Close ups are amazing as well but took me a day or two to figure out how to make them as good as I wanted. So that's the camera features. The call quality is great! No muffled calls, people hear me crisply on speaker as well. The windows phone ecosystem is really sharp. ITs evolved into a great OS and I enjoy it more and more. It doesn't crash on me constantly like some androids I've had. I have had NO hardware issues or flaws like I did with some iPhones. Nokia makes a solid device. I recommend a case, I use a SPECK case ATT had and AMAZON does too. It makes the phone almost flat with just a little angle when on a flat surface. It has a tiny lip just large enough to protect the lens and camera unlike some cases that have that big lens sitting right on a surface. LOVE IT! Enjoys yours too!

I had the Lumia 920 and went ahead and upgraded to the 1020 once it came out because this is what I really switched from Sprint to AT&T; for (i.e., a Windows Phone 8 version of the Nokia 808). So far I haven't been disappointed and I doubt I will be. What really made me switch was comparing the 920 to the 1020 in store. I already loved my 920 but when I saw the imaging/zooming capabilities of the 1020 I was sold.Also a bigger sensor is a bigger sensor. In terms of image quality this thing pretty much beats every point & shoot camera short of a Sony RX100. For me, camera phones are inherently better than point & shoots because you can share your images more easily (i.e., what point & shoot camera lets you take a photo and then share it online with a caption/status included?). Image quality used to be the reason to stick with a point & shoot but as mentioned before that's not necessarily the case anymore -- and camera companies readily admit that.In terms of what I need from my phone it does everything I could ask for and I really love the OneNote app as well as all the Nokia camera apps. Additionally because Nokia is such a great company in terms of support and customer service I have complete confidence in them should I ever need something.Windows Phone 8 is trending in the right direction and more and more people are adopting WP8 over iOS and Android as we speak. Unfortunately this means that we're still in the early adopter phase for WP8 so if you aren't comfortable being an early adopter then you should probably stick with iOS or Android -- at least IMO.If you're an early adopter then what are you waiting for? :-)p.s. - Golla's mobile wallets are pretty much a PERFECT fit for the Lumia 1020s and they provide get protection for your screen and camera lens

I love my nokia! I was always a blackberry girl, and then everyone got iphones and samsungs.. and blackberry went bust and then I needed a new (more up to date) phone. Well the nokia to me is amazing, I wont lie I bought it for the camera, and thought I would hate the windows 8 look of the phone. but I have grown really attached to it and I can't wait for the new windows update that will make this phone even better :)

Its awesome !  Whale season is coming on here in the islands - I cant wait to start sending photo's to families and friends on the mainland

Loving it! Especially the camera! Really can compete with professional cameras, well, you know, not in too pro perspectives~. As wp cell phone, there may not be various apps like android and ios, but the basic ones are all covered so im cool with that. High recommended if you need a new cell phone and a new camera in the same time.

As a photographer, for years I've waited for a phone that would allow me to document my day-to-day world in both still photography and video with quality that can hold up against point-and-shoot cameras and such.I went to the AT&T; store three separate times, and kept hedging because of fear of Windows Phone. I bought the Lumia 1020 on a two-week trial with the option to return it if I don't love it, but there's no way I'm taking it back!Honestly, after using the camera for two weeks I'm as excited about Windows Phone as I am the camera.A few things I've learned since getting the Lumia 1020:1. You don't need a PC to enjoy Windows Phone, and it syncs beautifully with Mac. Just download the Windows Phone App for the App Store or search "Windows Phone Mac" for more info.2. I didn't really loose any apps in my switch, but gained beautiful UI enhancements. Sure, Official Instagram and Official Vine have not yet arrived (Vine is coming this fall), but I actually prefer these two third party apps to their Official counterparts:&#9679; 6Tag (the best Instagram client for Windows Phone -- all the official filters, full photo & video upload support, and with UI enhancements that I find better than the official app)&#9679; 6Sec (the best Vine client for Windows Phone -- much more stable than Official Vine, and I might stick with this even after the official Vine comes to Windows Phone this fall)3. Believe the hype. The camera delivers jaw-dropping image quality for a phone, and no other phone comes close. The sensor doesn't boast amazing dynamic range, but it makes up for that with detail.4. The bright/fast F2.2 Zeiss lens performs like a Zeiss. Substantially better than what I've seen from any other phone before. It gives a really nice wide angle of 26mm in 4:3 aspect ratio format that looks especially great for street photography, reportage and candid portraits.5. Lumia 1020 records native 1080/24p video with the best built-in audio recording quality I've ever heard on a portable device.6. What's more exciting to me than the 41 megapixel sensor is the true Xenon flash. Most camera phones have slow and blinding LED lights, but the Lumia 1020 incorporates a Xenon flash that syncs as fast as 1/16,000, allowing you to freeze action shots.7. First unexpected surprise: Nokia Here Maps Suite -- includes Here Drive (which works like the best GPS you ever had) and Here City Lens -- an augmented reality where you can look through the camera screen and flags pop up showing you nearby food, drinks, entertainment, etc. Amazing feature if you travel a lot! So far, I actually prefer Nokia Here Maps to Google Maps. Well done, Nokia!8. Next unexpected surprise: the audio quality for music is amazing, and will please audiophiles. Got iTunes? You can easily sync music to your Lumia 1020 with the Windows Phone App.9. Another surprise: "Find My Phone" functionality is built-in to Windows Phone and works great.10. I'm also surprised with the wealth of apps in the Windows Phone App store, and much prefer using them on Windows Phone vs iPhone/Android because of UI enhancements that come with the unique experience provided by the Windows Phone platform.Some of my favorite apps include:&#9679; Nokia Pro Cam&#9679; OneShot&#9679; Photo Editor by Aviary&#9679; Hipstamatic Oggl PRO&#9679; 6Tag (really beautiful, fully-functional Instagram app)&#9679; 6Sec&#9679; Vimeo (best official Vimeo App around -- seriously!)&#9679; Metrotube (really beautiful YouTube app!)&#9679; Flickr&#9679; Flixter&#9679; IMDB&#9679; Tumblr (surprised how much better Tumblr works on Windows Phone)&#9679; Photogrid&#9679; Photosynth&#9679; Amazon&#9679; eBay&#9679; TIME Mobile&#9679; The Guardian&#9679; CNN&#9679; LinkedIn (seriously, night and day from LinkedIn on iOS)&#9679; PayPal&#9679; Netflix&#9679; Hulu&#9679; Wikipedia&#9679; Twitter&#9679; Facebook&#9679; Chase Mobile&#9679; Kayak&#9679; Active Fitness11. Additionally, the Lumia 1020's display bests iPhone 5's display at 334pixels per inch (vs iPhone's 326ppi) and because it uses ClearBlack AMOLED, it reads a lot better in bright sunlight. Since the Lumia's screen is physically larger, I find it better for watching videos too.12. Last but not least, this is a phone, works amazing as a phone and call reception and audio is some of the best I've heard, though that shouldn't come as any surprise since it's a Nokia.Do yourself a favor and try this phone. You won't regret it!

It's a fantastic phone. Let's be real. I use my smartphone primarily to:1) Text2) Take pictures3) Look up infoThis has one of the best cameras I've ever used on a smartphone. It does have a learning curve, as the automatic settings are often too &#34;yellow&#34;, but you have control over all the camera settings you can wish for and can compensate by changing the white balance, though there is the minor nagging issue that the camera won't save your manual settings, except whatever settings you had set the flash to, in between uses, so I'd still love to see Nokia (I suppose it's Microsoft now) fix the overzealous automatic white balance issue, so when taking quick &#34;auto&#34; shots, I don't have to quickly swipe the WB to a non-auto setting first.Now, I'd love to give the phone 5 stars, but what drags this excellent phone down is the Windows Phone operating system. While it's easy to install the &#34;developer's preview&#34; of Windows Phone 8.1, which drastically reduces the gap in functionality between the Windows Phone OS and iOS/Android, it still lags behind a little in terms of polish and features.Messaging is basic SMS like yesteryear, which will be a stark contrast to iMessenger or Hangouts if you're moving from one of the other two platforms. The native email client is pretty basic and retro as well, and you'll likely yearn for a more modern/competent one that can easily be found on iOS/Android. The third party email clients on WP are largely pretty horrible and/or slow. If you are heavily invested in a calendar, such as google's, the good news is you can sync them to the native calendar. The bad news is the native calendar can't deal with all day events correctly (it's a timezone issue), and unless you live in 0 GMT, all your all day events will span two days. The further bad news is that all the third party calendar apps apparently are just skins of the native app, as they all exhibit the same behavior (and many were so lazy even in the skinning process that they simply open the native app when you actually try to edit/change an event). This is actually a pretty major negative that I'm somehow managing to live around and largely become numb to.LiveTiles are a great concept, but only if an app developer actually takes advantage of it. Only about half the apps I have pinned to the home screen actually have LiveTile functionality.The app store. Well, I always roll my eyes when Apple and Google make some statement concerning the # of apps in their app stores. After all, the vast majority of those apps are likely rarely used. Unfortunately, what is important is whether or not an app store has the apps you actually want to use, and the Windows Phone app store is sorely lacking in that critical area. Also, if you're a google user, you're in for a very rude awakening if you move to the Windows Phone platform. It's very obvious that Google has intentionally not supported the platform, and even actively tries to suppress workarounds by Microsoft. It's rather bratty behavior from a company I mostly admire (only children use the &#34;but they did X&#34; excuse).Still, I've slowly adjusted to the app selections/limitations, and the barebones messenging client. I love the camera. Love it. Considering the bulge that is the lens, I imagine the camera has to be the main reason anyone would buy this phone. It's just a question of whether the sacrifices-through no fault of the actual phone, but of the operating system that resides on it-are worth it. It's taken a few months for me to adjust enough where I'm at peace with those sacrifices. It could have easily gone the other way.Let me finish this review by mentioning a few things I love about Windows Phone:1) Glance screen - The phone has an AMOLED screen, which allows it to display pictures while sleeping/locked. They're pixelated, but still cool. The notification aspect of the Glance screen could use some beefing up (think what the Moto X displays, as an example), but it's more native support for this type of thing than most Android phones (there are third party apps that can emulate the types of display that the Moto X gives you).2) Tap to wake. Holy crud. This one feature is the type of feature that makes using any other device I own difficult. Who'd of thought it? Being able to tap the screen to wake the phone is brilliant. I am constantly, by reflex, attempting to tap the screen of my ipad and Nexus 7 to wake them, and grousing to myself when I then reach for a button. Such a seemingly small thing, but it is-hands down-the single largest interface decision that I've seen on these platforms that actually makes my life easier.3) I've already said it, but the camera. It's fantastic. In the end, the vast majority of my time on my phone is texting and pictures. I think I average about 11 minutes of my unlimited voice a month. :/Oh, yes, AT&T;'s plans are absolutely ridiculous in terms of pricing. But, T-Mobile's incredibly poor coverage (for my needs) have always sort of forced me to use AT&T.; I love T-Mobile's pricing. Always have. But, I can't help but wonder if there's a direct correlation between their shoddy coverage and low pricing. If so, I suppose I can't begrudge AT&T; (and Verizon, for that matter, but this is a GSM phone, so not terribly relevant) for their prices. If not, then what the hell, T-Mobile. Expand your coverage and save us from AT&T.; :D

DON'T BUY TILL BLACK FRIDAY!!!  Bought 2 of these phones from Amazon on 11/10/13 for 149.99 each and the price has already come down 50.00 each.  When I contacted Amazon Customer Service today, I was told that they would not refund the difference.  Wireless agent said the price would drop again for Black Friday.  No problem, I'm sending them back.  Camera is great.  Takes beautiful pictures. The phone itself, not so much.  No independent volume control for alarms, I need my phone turned up during the day to hear it over normal noises, but don't need the alarm that loud to wake me, so I had to remember to turn the volume down at night and up in the morning.  That's a pita.  Not having the ability to retain or delete only certain calls or txt's either incoming or outgoing is a problem.  Only option was to delete all.  In fairness, maybe you can but after a week of trying to find out how, I just gave up.  The only good thing about giving up is that Amazon made it very easy to do so.  I just wish I could give Amazon one star for not refunding the price difference.

It offers only dual core and 768 resolution with a tiny battery of 2000 mah. Don't quite understand why people give it such a high rating with such a high price tag. If the price is TWO HUNDRED dollars lower, then I think it is a fair buy compare to other flagship phones. The only high point is probably the camera, but lagging in all other aspects. Windows phone 8 got potential but is still behind iOS and Android. Apps are limited, no quad-core and 1080 support and charges a premium. Shame on Nokia and Microsoft.The UI is indeed attractive looking and operation is very smooth, but lacks in the key areas like folders, screen tilt control/lock and dedicated document reader. Some of the folder functionality can be found in "Hubs" but not intuitive to use and is limited to the specific applicaiton only. The tile structure is only good for small amount of apps. It will will be nice if added apps can be freely organized by users at will like iOS and Android. The lacks of apps is a big drawback as well but it is getting better everyday and as I said this phone is in a catch-up mode. The UI is nice but functionality is lagging. iOS is losing its luster in UI look and feel but it works much, much better and simpler and what can be more important than that?Android is doing much better with apps and functionality, and even iOS can learn a thing or two from, but WP8 is absolutely lagging. The only advantage it has is probably the integrated Office hub, but even this is slowly going away since Office 365 is now available for iOS as well. Lack of a dedicated ebook reader is a smaller drawback since there are other apps available, but iBook stands high and tall and I won't trade anything for it.WP8 is not bad and has the potential to be a good product, but it IS lagging behind and charges a premium! What in the world would I pay a premium for Microsoft's experiment while there are other better products already in the market? The only way they can survive is to offer it as a free OS like what Google has done. Market will only reward leaders like Apple. Until the day Windows phone is indeed a better user experience no one should pay an extra dime for it.This thing is bulky comparing to other phones because of the camera, not a big thing but still. The camera is nice for sure but still no replacment for SLR. The battery is NOT replacable and there is NO SD card reader! What in the world is Nokia thinking? If Nokia won't have iOS at least they should try to beat iPhone on the hardware side, but NO, they won't do it. This phone is not even on par with HTC or Samsung. The sale of Nokia mobile division to Microsoft told the reason why this product won't suceed.

Personally I would of named this Device Lumia wow. I think that name fits it best. Im not even going to talk about the camera. All the other revies does that for me. The camera is great.. My call clarity is superb. I would say its in hd if there was such a thing for call clarity. the here app i thought was just ok, but as i use it more and more i'm starting to realize its one of my favorite maps that I have used. I loved my google maps but this here is like all the maps on steriods (in a positive way) . You cant not go wrong with this phone. Only thing i feel is lacking is instagram. A problem i find not in the phone but i blame on microsoft windows.. I know it will come in due time. I believe by the end of this year. Do yourself a favor. Get a 1020 i mean a Lumia wow

It is a common problem to all lumia phone. Use it for long time, seem back iron can heat eggs! :-(

Everyone should give this phone a try, the camera and software integration is superb, windows a breeze to use and smooth as silk....getting lots of comments and questions from people at work about the phone, highly recommended.

Bought this after I sold my HTC One. I haven't looked back since.  Phone is super smooth, looks great, and the camera is amazing!!

I picked up this phone as a replacement for my Lumia 920. Let me get one thing out of the way: the camera for this phone is phenomenal. The oversampling from 41 MP to 5 MP is really something you have to see to believe. Colors come out great and there's TONS of detail saved in each picture. The software with it is nice as well, allowing you to not only set up the shot while taking it, but edit it to your heart's content afterward. The high resolution of the pictures allows for easy cropping after the fact, so you don't have to be too physically close to the subject.Now for the other parts. The physical design of the phone is, as usual for Nokia, stunning. It's like they took the Lumia 920 and Lumia 928 and combined them. That said, it's a bit of an industrial design, so you may find it plain Jane if you get it in black or white. They yellow is extremely eye catching and I still get people asking what case I'm using. Also, the camera does stick out a bit. It takes some getting used to, but once you have it down, it makes a great way to hold you phone in place while using it.The hardware itself does a wonderful job at keeping up with any task you throw at it. The only thing I can find wrong with any of the hardware is that the earpiece can be a bit on the low side, causing you to need to hold the phone closer to your ear. Not a deal breaker, but something to keep in mind.Windows Phone 8 is what it is. It's Windows Phone 8. Either you like it, or you don't.I give this phone a 5 stars because the minor things wrong are so minor that they can be overlooked entirely.

Bought it for my granddaughter because of the camera.Lumia 1020 is easy to use. I like the Window home screen.

I love this phone and am keeping it. I had planned on buyng it and returning it if it didn't meet my needs, but other than 1 app that I am still trying to find it is great!

I have used my Nokia Lumia 1020 phone for only a few days; thus this is a an incomplete review.  I don't use many apps, thus I have had few issues with this Windows 8 phone.  I find it to be very stable, and have had no crashes.  Although the camera does not take as high quality photos as a DSLR, I actually get comparable results with the Nokia Lumia 1020 and a mid range Canon Coolpix camera that I have used.  Portraits are clear and with good detail, and reasonable reproduction of colors.  The ease with which settings such as EV, ISO, shutter speed, white balance, and etc. can be manually adjusted is amazing.  I love this feature.  You get to see approximately how the photo would look before taking the photo.  Using this camera can actually help people learn more about photography, and may improve their skill using manual controls on a DSLR camera.  There is also a good tutorial built into the phone which explains the effects of manually adjusting each setting, including sample photos to practice with.  In general, it is difficult to get decent results with this camera using an ISO above 800.  In my opinion, the ISO settings of 1,600 and 3,200 are essentially useless.  However, getting acceptable photos at ISO 800 is good for a point and shoot camera, and outstanding for a camera in a cell phone.  I have been able to take good point and shoot quality photos in what I would consider to be good as well as moderate light conditions without the flash.  I have gotten some reasonable photos in fairly low light, using the flash.  In general, I have gotten significantly better results using this camera, than the Lumia 920, and my friend's Samsung Galaxy S4, especially in reduced light, both with and without the flash.  The lossless zoom works well, better than traditional digital zoom, although in general it is not as good as optical zoom, as there is some loss of detail.You can try out the Lumia 1020 at many AT&T; phone stores.  If you do, be sure to take some portraits both with and without the flash.  A good way to view the sharpness of a portrait is to include a person's finger nails in a photo taken several feet away from the subject. It is somewhat difficult to get clear images of people's finger nails with most cell phone cameras in moderate light, particularly when zooming, but not with the Lumia 1020.  I found color saturation to be significantly better in many photos with the Lumia 1020 than the 920.  Also take some photos of objects to test color reproduction, and signs with letters using zoom to test sharpness.  I found the colors of many subjects such as flowers and objects to sometimes be way off with the Samsung Galaxy S4, both indoors, and outdoors in bright light.  Colors appear to be more accurately reproduced with the Lumia 1020.  The anti shake feature is better on the Lumia 1020 than the Samsung Galaxy S4.  Simultaneously producing a 5MP photo and a 34MP photo using a 16:9 aspect ratio (good for landscapes) or a 38MP picture using a 4:3 aspect ratio (best for portraits), is an innovative feature of the Nokia 1020, and makes it easy to take good quality photos of a manageable size to email to people.I haven't tested some of the features such as Nokia Smart Camera mode on my phone,  It appeared to work reasonably well when I briefly used it on a Lumia 1020 in an AT&T; phone store.  You can refer to YouTube videos to see samples and get more information on many of the features of this camera, but you should first try one out to determine if you like it.I briefly tested the video capabilities of this phone and I was impressed.  In good light, I got fairly good quality videos, both sound and picture.  My videos were a of a little better quality than videos I shot with Samsung Galaxy S4.  I found both detail and color reproduction to be a little better with the Lumia 1020.  The anti-shake technology of the Lumia 1020 is effective, and my videos were relatively steady.  People who are more meticulous and better photographers than I should get even better photos and videos.  With a little practice, the camera should be easy and fun to use for most people.Minor Issues of the camera:One important setting that you cannot manually adjust on the Lumia 1020 is the aperture, in order to make depth of field adjustments.  However, I don't believe that the aperture can be adjusted on a camera in any cell phone.  In Nokia Pro Camera mode, which should be used to get the best possible quality photos, I have found a lag of between three to five seconds between shots.  I can live with this, but obviously people who want to use this camera at sporting events or to take action shots will be disappointed.  You probably will still need to use a dedicated camera, preferably a DSLR to take good action photos.  Also, a significant amount of processing is done inside the camera, and I don't believe it is possible get a pure image file without the in camera processing, such as RAW.  This is quite reasonable, since this is a camera in a cell phone, not an expensive, stand alone camera.  Another minor problem is that I have found it to be somewhat cumbersome to keep the photo perfectly straight when framing it and cropping it, using the lossless zoom.  I wish there was a way to independently lock in the orientation of the photo before cropping.Who should purchase this phone:A buyer should be willing to use AT&T;, or otherwise purchase an unlocked Nokia Lumia 1020.Someone who can accept the relatively long delay between shots.Someone who will enjoy taking a reasonable amount of photos, since this phone is expensive, and  the more economical Nokia Lumia 920 should work as well as the 1020, except for the camera.Obviously Android fans, and people who want the most applications and features would probably prefer a different phone such as the Samsung Galaxy S4.A buyer who is comfortable with the increased weight and bulk of this phone in comparison to cell phones produced by other manufactures such as Samsung and HTC.I only hope that Nokia will get a big enough market share to continue to produce camera cell phones.

Great phone. Excellent quality. Camera really takes amazing photos. All phone functions and quality is superb. Love it, love it, and love it...

Loving the Lumia + windows experience. Top phone with a refreshing OS experience. Classy stylish phone, very responsive. I have used iphone and android tablets previously. And I wanted try windows, and for starters I am impressed with what I have seen. Windows8 seems much more intuitive for phone platforms. Definite recommend this one, incase you are contemplating.

I love this phone.  I switched from my iPhone 5 that was dropping calls so frequently that I had to switch to something different.  I love the camera in the phone, the pictures are amazing and I never carry any other camera with me now.  The battery life is as good as the iPhone 5 if you are switching, I was very concerned about that but so far it lasts as long.  The only disappointing thing about the phone (not the hardware itself) is the lack of apps in the Windows Store.  I am missing some great apps like "KeyRing" and I am mad I can't get Plants vs Zombies 2 but if this type of hardware continues to come out on the Windows platform I am sure Windows Phone 8 will get the much needed love it deserves.  Finally, I wasn't a huge proponent of Windows 8 but after using this phone "I get it."

love this phone so much it is easy to use and the windows phone store has all the important apps that I use everyday, I just love it

Update: Pulling one star from my rating. Reason is poor ear piece sound. After using it for a while, i found talking to some one on phone ear piece is really difficult. I need to readjust my ear multiple times to get the sound better.While rating we must show all negatives so that manufacturer may fix it soon.This is my 4th Lumia phone after 900 and 920 and 520. I bought 920 a developer edition for 1000 bugs but sold in 3 months as it felt heavy. I have owned all models of iphone, Htc One etc. But the beauty of lumia 1020 is not comparable. I bought it at full price from at&t; and got it unlocked by them.Things I love:1 Obviously Camera. The whole idea of not carrying another camera for most daily shooting was my prime motto in buying this phone. I had HTC One and iphones but they are not comparable to this phones Cam.2 Screen: Though it is smaller than HTC One, I don't miss HTC One. The white on black background is what I missed in all other phones. Emails looks so good that I got never satisfied with other phones.3 Speakers: Much Much better then HTC One. Every one praised htc one's dual speakers. But I owned it and I never felt htc one speakers were adequate. But my lumia 1020 easily overtakes htc one. Moreover the quality of sound is very very good. You can easily hear different notes in the music.3 Form factor: !020 is much smaller and lighter then lumia 920. First feel of lumia 920 was heavy and thicker then comparators. But I was still happy with it. But 1020 is an improved one. I don't think much changed except making wireless charging external and reducing the weight.4 lanyard: This may not be big thing for others, but for me it is. It is much easier to wrist strap and don't worry to slip phone. Also I keep it out of pocket and easily pull it out. All old phones used to have this but in Smartphone I don't remember any other maker used it.5 Wireless charging: Though external, but still has the wireless charging feature. So easy to charge in office. Don't need to look for cables . Just place it on the wireless charger and you have full charge when u need it.6 YouTube: I believe YouTube video downloads only available in windows phone. I couldn't found in iphone or HTC. There were workarounds but not anything native. It is so much easier to download YouTube movie and watch it in gym in just 5-10 minutes. I love this app.7 Build quality: As per nokia the body of lumia is made of plastic which is throughout one color. I mean if you make a scratch on it, you can rub or remove that layer and original color will pop out. This is unlike coloring done on iphone.8 Apps: Though there are fewer apps then ios and android, I don't miss any specific apps. I had iphone for 4 years and android for a year but still I don't miss any app. Moreover apps on lumia looks much beautiful then others. Also they are more stable then android. May be fans won't agree but it's my opinion. Even I was fan of iphone until steve's demise. After Steve there is no innovation at all.9 Interface: Windows interface is so simple and easy to learn. OLED screen really makes difference. White fonts on black screen really pops out.10 Battery: If you are careful, you can easily get whole day battery life. If you want more then you can turn on battery saver. Battery saver easily doubles battery life. On my lumia 520 it runs almost 5-6 days. However I rarely use lumia 520. but still being 4g LTE, I expect it o run down within 3 days.11 Call quality is good.Things I hate:1 Though phone by itself not heavy, but adding external wireless cover make sit heavy. I can still live with it, but it would have been better if we got wireless charging with same form factor.2 When online music is played through lumia speakers, I noticed that other web browsing like Microsoft store app browsing becomes very slow. I have very high speed internet and I don't think playing music will slow down other browsing. I never had this issue with other phones.3 Though it has 2 Gb ram, it felt some time its getting slow. Response is slow some times. If I close all apps by clicking back button, phone responds normal. So I guess hardware is lagging somewhere.4 Speakers: Though it is awesome for music, it is not enough for phone calls. There must be something restricting it from being loud. May be because of echo they reduced volume on calls. Volume on call could be better.5 Bluetooth profile selection is missing. I want to connect to 2 bluetooth devices same time. One for voice only and other for music only. But there is no way I can configure that in phone.Going forward I will update this review according to my experience with it. So far I whole heartedly recommend this phone despite the flaws.Update: After using for a while i found the ear piece volume is not enough for slightly noisy places. I prefer the sound to be 30% more then what it is. I believe this is definitely firmware as the speaker also produces very less volume during call and loud enough for music.

If you choose Windows Phone, this is a great one.  Excellent camera.  Nokia Here apps are excellent.  I'm currently returning from travels in areas without coverage.  Having the Nokia maps offline was very helpful.  Very satisfied with the device.

Will not repeat other reviews about the wonders of this phone, there are plenty and very good ones. What I like to say is about my experience unlocking this phone to be used in my home country. This is what you need to do in case you bought the phone with no contract and paid full price for it:1.- Call AT&T; customer service and talk with a representative telling her/him about you need to unlock you phone because you will travel abroad. The representative will tell you to go to [...] to do this, but at least as Dec 2013 Lumia 1020 can not be unlocked in that website.2.- The AT&T; representative may not give you the option to open a case on this, need to try with several calls to find an agent who knows and want to open you a case. You need to be a AT&T; customer to open a case BTW. They will ask your your NIP to verify your identity and later will ask you to provide a proof of purchase to validate you got the phone from a legal source and the phone has no contract.3.- After you have a unlock case opened and you fax the invoice from Amazon to them it will take 2 or 3 days to email you the unlock code.Don't waste your time and money using online unlocking methods, there is a legal and free way to get it directly from AT&T;.

This is a great phone, as was the 900 it replaced,What sets this apart is obviously the camera, and boy is it impressive. It's so good it's hard to take bad pictures, Driving down the highway at 75 mph window rolled down and not even looking at the mountains I am trying to take pics off, and they still turn out much better than they should.Friends describe the photos as "crisp" and "well defined." Would highly recommend this phone, and it's a very nice upgrade from the 900, as I said in the title.Windows phone 8 is an awesome OS, I much prefer it over the Android on my tablets, it's smooth as silk, responsive and intuitive. I find most people who complain about it, never really gave it a chance, it's great. Take the Plunge.

I will say that overall this is a pretty good phone.  It is user friendly.  Not to hard to learn.  Camera is obviously very good.  The delays never bother me. Good screen size.  Voice activation is good.  Maps app is WAY better than iPhone. But I switched from the iPhone hoping that I would win out and like this one better. Unfortunately after 2 months I desperately miss my iPhone.  This phone does not have nearly as many apps.  It does have your main basic apps.  However they are often defective and crash CONSTANTLY.  Facebook is a JOKE of an app.  The phone gets really hot when you talk on it for longer than a few minutes. And I have had trouble with my phone freezing up and the screen completely whiting out or going pixelated. This could just be my phone though. I am not sure.  I am sure part of it is just that I was used to the phone.  Needless to say, I will be switching back as soon as I can!

This phone is simply amazing. The camera is my favorite camera I've ever owned and I have a Canon Digital SLR too. The ~40MP image has to be seen to understand it. You can make out such tiny details in images when you zoom in that it is crazy. The thing that makes it such a great camera is that it is attached to a portable computer too. The other apps like the smart cam app can do some amazing processing (not just lame filters) to create cool composite shots, or to remove people that are moving in the background. I love that it comes in yellow too. If you like taking pictures at all, you will love this phone.

Love the windows phone and the camera is amazing.  Plus the yellow color is fun. Best smart phone out there.  I just wish more companies/banks/universities would develop  their apps for the windows phone.

We purchased this phone for my daughter and she loves it. I'm not a fan of windows phones , but it is a nice phone

When I got the L1020 reminded me of the feeling that I had when I first got my Galaxy S2. Back then it was my first smartphone and comming from feature phones eveything just felt so new and awsome and I was so proud of it... This is the first time since then that I had that same feeling with a phone. Just in love with my Lumia 1020 :)

I barley received the Nokia Lumia about two weeks ago, I have not yet had any problems with the screen sensitivity or phone freezing. BUT I did notice that half of the screen is darker than the other and the camera is actually not that great, as I thought it would be. I'm not sure if it's just the phone that I received or if any other people have had the same problem.

The lossless zoom with mechanical image stabilization allowed me to film my son during his swimming lesson while I was perched up on the second level of the swimming pool facility.  My wife, who has an iPhone 5, commented that the video captured was pretty impressive.Lowlight photos are great and the high res pics are awesome to behold on my iMac.The operating system is extremely fluid, and despite what some AT&T; reps said at the store about app availability, I am more than satisfied with the app selections currently available.The Nokia suite of apps are also impressive.  HERE maps and navigation are built in, making the need for Google apps relatively irrelevant.  The augmented reality apps are amazing.  And the Pro and Smart cam apps are extremely easy to use.  Nokia Music if free and like Pandora.For the Instagram deprived, there is the Instance app and Hipstagram's Oggl app which can upload to instagram servers.  In addition there a myriad of apps for photo editing, like Camera 360, Lomogram, Creative Studio, Fotor, Fhotoroom, Pic Stitch, and Aviary.  And as a guy that routinely uses a Canon 50D and Lightroom plug ins, these apps are more than adequate.The Starbux app is great for making purchases using my Starbucks card.Other useful apps that were easy to find included Wells Fargo, ESPN, Amazon Kindle, Yelp, Moviefone, Open Table, NBC news, ABC, E!, Netflix, Pandora, Spotify.  Sorry kids, no Candy Crush Saga.Bing Apps suite is also a great suite that includes news, sports, weatherI'm also able to sync Google calendar and mail.The office 365 and One Note apps allow me to edit files on the go.And for the physicians out there, Up To Date app is available!lack of notification bars is not really a negative for me as most of the notifications I need to know about are viewable by glancing the live tiles on the start screen.Skype in HD is awesome and works when I call my wife via her Skype app on her iPhone 5 via wireless or LTE.Overall, a great phone, and if you are a brave soul willing to take on a new smartphone OS, you will be handsomely rewarded with a great smartphone experience.A word of warning for iMac users.  In order to upload the high res photos, this must be manually done using the Nokia Photo Transfer app through the apple store.  Otherwise, the oversampled 5 MP photos (which are often more than adequate) can automatically be uploaded to iPhoto via the usual Windows Phone app on Mac.

I love my Lumia 1020, and while app and feature availability is lacking on Windows Phone 8, that's not Nokia's fault. Once again, they've produced a product with incredible build quality. The camera very much lives up to the hype, and this was primary reason I chose this over another iPhone. Still, overall I do like Windows Phone, particularly the live times, which appeal to my A.D.D. - get bored with my screen, wait five seconds and it completely changes.

This is an amazing phone makes my last phone Galaxy S3 look so rudimentary. The best parts of the phone are:1) Amazing camera which I cannot rave about enough. I take more pictures with this than with my SLR.2) Windows OS is intuitive, beautiful, smooth and fluid.3) Applications are classy, specially the ones written by Microsoft and Nokia. All Metro apps are really cool.This is future.....Apple and Samsung beware. The giant has woken up.

Great PhoneThe Camera is awesome!  Easy to use and fast response. Nokia did a great job on this one!

It has it good point far as taking really good pictures, but far as calls and watching video/music on the web it low on volume ; plus you can not go back on a video you left off it just start over or you just have to keep pressing the fast forward key which is annoying, that i cant just go back to touch the spot i left off at. When watching videos the phone tends to heat up from the back of the camera to which I found strange. I thought this phone would live up to my expectation which it did for a moment until all these malfunction that I found out later.

Great camera, great operating system, fast browser, looks fantastic.  Good for those that are a bit techie to get used to the operating system, but anyone could use it given a little time and patience.  The yellow is awesome too - just a tiny bit more dull than highlighter yellow.

So far the phone has been great. I love the Windows Phone 8 OS. Very sleek and clean feel. The phone itself feels very nice, I like the matte finish. Of course, it takes beautiful photos. My wife is the photographer and she was pretty amazed at all camera settings you can control for a phone.So far I'm loving it!

We had so many people recommend their so called smart phones. We could not find one we liked until this phone. Beside the fact that we only paid $49 per phone this phone is the best phone ever. I cannot say enough good things about the phone or the camera. It takes better photos then our expensive camera. I wanted to get a copy of a photo at a family gathering and was told the it wouldn't work by a brother in law because the photo was under glass. He said I would only get a reflection because he had tried it with his smart phone. I took it anyway and it turned out great as does every photo I take with this phone. The ringer is loud enough for people like us who have hearing loss and we can actually hear the person on the other end. I have even quit using the house phone because I could not hear the other person talking on the other end. The ringer volume does turn down when you turn the phone off and you have to remember to turn it back up but that's the only thing I would change. I love the GPS and have always dislike any GPS. I just cannot say enough about how easy this phone is to use and all it's great features. If you are hard of hearing or a senior wanting a smart phone I highly recommend this phone.

I have been using iPhones for years. They are good phones but the Lumia gas shown itself to be superior. Obviously the camera is better, but beyond that the whole experience is superior  Windows Phone 8 has been a refreshing change. I have found plenty of great  apps. The phone is fast and responsive.  The text messaging interface is so much better than an iPhone, no more autocorrect errors. Nokia Here maps is a vast upgrade from Apple maps. Is a passable replacement for a dedicated GPS. Plus Internet Explorer is much better than Safari. I strongly recommend this phone.

I suppose my review is not much of a review, but rather a complaint. This phone is amazing and perfect for someone like me who had to replace both my phone and my camera at the same time. But choosing AT&T as a carrier was a bad move on Nokia's part. ITs very limiting and deterring for someone like me who has no interest in being an AT&T customer (EVER!). I'm also not a fan of the home screen, but that may is probably because I'm use to Samsung. Nevertheless, the minor details that I want to knit-pick over seem to be lulled by the bright yellow brilliance that packaged so neatly in this phone..... (STILL, next time consider T-Mobile and Sprint Customers too!)

The voice navigation of the "Nokia Drive+" was perfectly working through Bluetooth when the OS was still Windows Phone 8.0but after the update Windows Phone 8.1, the voice navigation through bluetooth disappeared. The music & video audio throughbluetooth is fine, what I need is the Voice Audio that is working with "Nokia Drive+"  navigation app that is whenconnected through bluetooth on my car radio disappeared after applying the Windows Phone 8.1 update. Its working fine usingthe audio jack on the phone but it beats the purpose of having a bluetooth radio and cellphone. I hate this 8.1 update,everything was working fine on 8.0, I wish i did NOT update this once a beautiful phone. Microsoft you ruined everythingonce more! THANKS FOR NOTHING!Below this line is my previous complaints and compliments ----------------------Everyone, I'm glad to announce that they actually fixed the "yellow-tint" pictures on the Nokia Lumia 1020 by this recently released update on AT&T; users called "The Nokia Black Update" release date December 19, 2013. So I tested the camera and little by little, those yellow-tinted problems have gone away so "CHEERS" Nokia and Microsoft, I apologies if I gave it a 1/5 star on my rating because its frustrating at first but I changed it recently thanks to that recently released black update. Now and forever I'm a Nokia fan and a Microsoft product user, I'm still testing the phone so I only gave it a 4/5 stars for now and might comeback again in a few days to test out the black update on the Lumia 1020. Who knows, I might give it a complete 5/5 star rating. Keep up the good work Microsoft and Nokia! Thanks so much.------- IGNORE MY REVIEW BELOW ----------- FOR NOWI recently have something of a problem in taking photos! All of my pictures have a yellow-tint that mixes with the white color... and in the commercials they always say its the best camera, shame on you NOKIA! I have a lot of respect before, and even bought 2 of your flagship phones, not its your fault this issue was hidden to the masses...  BEWARE, IT DESTROYS YOUR PICTURE AND MIXES YELLOW during post processing of the photo... regardless whether or not with flash or not! SHAME!PLEASE, anybody HELP ME BRING THIS UP TO NOKIA OR AT&T; before its too late, I'm a buyer myself... what is Nokia or AT&T; waiting for??? where's the firmware fix on this ISSUE!...

This Nokia phone is absolutely gorgeous. I was expecting it to be heftier with the 41MP camera but, it's actually quite nice. No doubt this is the best Windows phone at this time and I dare to say probably the best smartphone out in the market.

Picked up the phone today replacing my already awesome (and still on contract) Lumia 920. It was unintentional purchase. Emotional purchase. A must have now purchase. Yeah one of those...What got me? I went into the store and played with the camera (obviously), taking multiple shots and videos. Comparing both side by side to my 920. WOW. What do they call that? Lossless zoom for both pictures and video. Color saturation that is so rich and balanced. Details that boggle the mind. I'm done. Take my money. Next customer.Now I wait for Microsoft to step up to the plate and deliver on WP8.1. Soon right, Microsoft!?

I love love love it! This is a camera with the plus of a phone...the camera is just amazing! I didn't think I would like windows but I love it too. Windows is more simplistic and looks more sleek. I really enjoy the phone itself but the camera just makes this phone perfect.

Would not post a long review..for detailed analysis you can see experts reviews everywhere on the web...just google..My Review:After using Lumia 1020....it made me feel the Iphone 5 was very mediocre device that i used earlier...Now with Lumia 1020 it felt a clear evolution to an ultimate smartphone experience that cannot be described in words... who says windows is missing apps..i got all the apps I needed and they felt more faster and smoother...the camera is awesome!!!!!...just go for it...its worth the every dollar...

I purchased this phone for my fiancee who LOVES taking pictures, but she didn't get it for a few days so I spent some time playing around with it.  Here's what I noticed:1) The camera is amazing... hands down the best phone camera I've ever used.2) The battery life is pretty good -- although I'm almost always in 4G and I had the camera grip on the phone most of the time so I can't give any exact numbers3) Windows 8 Mobile is REALLY good.  Applications open quickly, nothing froze, features like internet sharing is free, there was next to no bloatware and I was able to uninstall what little bloatware there was. (Personally I have a Galaxy S4)4) The phone feels nice to hold.  Not having the rounded edges I thought would be a huge down side, but I never once felt like it was going to slip out of my hand like I have with other phones.5) Microsoft Office is included! I'm not really sure how much Microsoft Office will be used on her phone, but it's nice to know she has the ability if the need ever exists.6) The camera grip was a fantastic idea by Nokia.  I bought the phone from the Microsoft Store and received a free camera grip and I can already tell how much nicer it's going to make picture taking.  The camera grip has a battery built in by the way and it has a tripod mount on the bottom for anyone who plans on using it for that.All in all my cell phone plan has three phones: Samsung Galaxy S4, Apple iPhone 5, and now Nokia Lumia 1020.  I've seen and used all three and this one makes me a little sad I chose the Samsung (don't get me wrong--I love my S4 nonetheless but change is always nice!)  As always, if you have any questions please let me know and I'll test it out on the phone then reply so hopefully you'll know everything you want to know before purchasing a phone.

Love the camera, great product. Good battery life. Everyone asks me about it. I'm always showing it off to friends and family.

I am amazed by this model - simply a slick product by Nokia.If you are coming from IPhone OR Android, Yes its bit of a change to get used to, but its a change you can live with and worth it.The argument about lack of apps is a moot to most extend. Most of major apps are there, if not directly then by 3rd party. For me Facebook, WhatsApp, Viber, Twitter does it.Yes the camera is amazing an engineering marvel that no other product in the market can even come close.The Windows OS is cool and phone is very responsive.Some Accessories you may want to consider:Phone has NFC and allows for wireless charging. Downside its not built into this Nokia unlike others. You need to buy a nokia case ($39) & wireless charging plate, standing dock OR JBL speaker (with built in NFC)Camera Grip - excellent accessory if you really want to take crisp sharp photos to utilize 41 megapixels. It makes your phone feel like a camera, doubles the battery life and can mount on tripod. *Microsoft store right now is giving it free part with new phone.

Bought the phone for the camera and it is not user friendly at all.  Constantly having to click this or that just to keep taking pictures.  Accustomed to iphones and how quickly you can snap and keep snapping.  Think they tried to put too much into the camera part.  HOWEVER, the pictures are beautiful and very crisp like iphone pics.  Will keep trying to use it as a camera but as a phone it sucks!!!  But probably ATT problem.  On a verizon carrier I would have had connection since iphone and Ipad Mini all worked everywhere and pics were sharp from them also.  Disapponted on how complicated the instrument was.

I have purchased the Lumia because of the good reviews for the Camera. Camera and the phone is good. But the Microsoft software is complete disaster. My two windows laptops one with XP one with Windows 7 had trouble to recognize the phone. Once they have recognize it it can't organize the pictures and videos. I have downloaded ZUNE but it didn't recognize the phone at all. I am shocked how come Windows phone can't communicate with Windows computers! I have old BlackBerry 9000 and it is way better in terms of communication and moving files from the phone to the computer and vice versa! I am so disappointed by this phone! The devise is O.K. but the software is a disaster!

Incredible phone with an incredible camera. First time on windows phone, and have to say the transition has been really smooth. There are some apps that I do miss (i.e. instagram and snap chat), but Nokia makes up for it with this amazing device.

I was up for an upgrade, and it was either a new DSLR or the Nokia Lumia 1020. I chose the Lumia 1020. It takes great photos, always connected, fits in your pocket. Everything I was wanting to have in a DSLR, but couldn't.

The phone has a large screen and the adjustable tiles make personalization easy.  The camera is excellent. Picture quality and stabilization works great.  I love this camera and the windows based applications.

And I'm glad I waited. Easy to navigate, nicely designed. The OS is intuitive, so not much of a learning curve. Camera is superb, and the optional camera grip makes it even easier to shoot photos. Battery life is very good, and even longer with said optional grip. Couldn't be happier, making my leap (finally) into the 21st century.

If you are weary as to why this phone costs $300, Let me explain. This phone has 32 Gigs of storage, the same amount that the Iphone 5 32 Gig has (Obviously) which also costs $300. The big camera on the back isn't cheap to make either. A friend of mine, who is a professional photographer, said his $2000 Cannon only shoots 22 Megapixels, which is just more then half of the 1020's. He said this phone is a steal for the price of $300. Also don't forget that pretty much all the specs on this baby are higher then the Iphone 5's (Screen Size, Pixel Density, Microphone, Ram, The screen itself, etc.). So in other words, please do yourself a favor and don't let the price stop you from getting this fantastic phone.Coming from a Lumia 900, this phone feels absolutely amazing! It get my highest recommendation.The camera is obviously the big story here. Ill just keep it short and to the point- you will love it. It really does make other high end smartphone's cameras look 5 years old. You can do crazy stuff with it.Windows Phone 7 to 8 is a huge leap. It runs a lot smoother! There's also a crap load more apps then there are on WP 7. If you are new to the OS, trust me, You will love it more then any other. Its fast, smooth, and flat out awesome!Physically the phone does feel a bit bulky. The huge camera on the end kind of scares me into trying not to ever drop it, which I know  will never happen. Anyways, the feel is very soothing and feels great in the hand.Do yourself a favor and pick this phone up. You defiantly will not regret it.

The price listed here which is 49$ for a new phone (It did not say this deal is a refurbished phone or used phone) sounds great. But in AT-T store or website, Nokia and Microsoft website, majority deals are still listed as 199$ with the same two year contract conditions. I wonder why they don't reduce the price in all the stores and websites. For this reason, I really suspect that for the 49$ deal, the phone may not be a new phone. You could not tell if the phone has been slightly used and refurbished, from a new phone, right? For this reason, even the price here is attractive, I'm still hesitating. Can someone tell me what is behind this (not reducing price universally, but only in someplace which highly suspicious that the reduced priced product may not be as good as the other products which still list as the high price)? Is there any guarantee or proof that this deal is really a new phone? I mean brand new phone, same as others listed 199$ at AT-T, Microsoft or Nokia.BTW&#65292;there are rumors saying that this phone is slow to take pictures, when Iphone 5s take 10 pictures, this 1020 only can take one picture; other rumors goes like, 1020 is not good to near distance shot, if you take pictures on your important documents, it will not be clear, while iphone 5s can take pictures of documents as good quality as a scanner (so you can save a scanner's money, and still get your document's e copy). Can someone who have this phone tell me if the rumors are truth or false?Thank you/

I love the 1020 awesome phone, love it I can do some things iphone users can't. It's easy to navigate too.

Having been an Apple, Blackberry and Android user - as well as a previous Windows 6.5 phone from back in the day; it is often very surprising to see a company as large as Microsoft make such a large U-turn from their previous fumbling's and develop a truly clean/fast and joyous phone experience.Credit where credit is due though - the Windows phone operating system is truly a beautiful experience - clean and consistent; you never feel yourself stumbling down some application developers personal twist on how the interface should behave but instead feel like everything forms part of a single experience.Android users who think they can just slap a windows phone look and feel screen onto Android do not understand what that experience and are missing the point.No longer do we sit looking at a window covered in a sea of icons from various app developers all vying and competing for our interest - instead the phone brings its features and information to us as we use the device. If Im in an app that includes addresses and click I am taken to the mapping component, if I need direction I'm taken to the drive application. My colleagues and friends that I have on my start screen bubble with activity, as I see the images changes with photos they've uploaded, comments they've posted to facebook and other activities. Clicking into someone I see their twitter, facebook, skydrive, linkedin, Hotmail, Outlook statuses all in one page and can jump form a conversation with them over outlook, to one over texting to one over facebook.None of this complexity is evident to me the user. The only time I notice all this clever interaction going on for example is little things when I spot that a birthdate I've added for someone is slightly different in facebook that it is in my outlook or Hotmail address book for example. Otherwise I need be none the wiser.This all makes for a much deeper communications experience than possible on the other platforms.The Nokia 1020 is now the killer phone hosting the windows operating system. The previous version of the phone had already won awards for best mobile device (Mobile News) and accolades for most innovative phone from Gizmodo and Engadget - but now the 1020 has added quite simply the best camera every seen on a smart phone.This is not just a small leap in camera capability or a slightly better quality - the pictures you can take with this phone are jaw dropping.I have taken a Canon DSLR pro camera out with this phone and am often jealous of the sharpness, color and capabilities of this tiny device.Show someone a picture and they say wow - then double click the screen and zoom in 6 times to show the sharpness is still there - and every one of them has said "I want that phone".

I absolutely love this phone!  It arrived from ATT  in 2 days.  I was amazed at how easy it was to set up- I had it up and running in less than an hour.  The screen is beautiful and very easy on these senior eyes.  I had no trouble at all syncing it to my Bluetooth devices and WiFi.  The camera is awesome and after the holidays I'm looking forward to spending some time exploring all the features.  I would give this ten stars if I could.  Only have one "wish for".  I have a Sirius XM Internet subscription and was hoping to be able to get that on my phone but so far have not figured that out.  I  couldn't  be happier with the Nokia 1020 and with the service from ATT.

One of the greatest phones I have had (iPhone through iPhone 4). Fantastic Camera, but it requires some learning!Leon

I bought this simply for the camera, and was pleased with the other aspects as well. It is much faster than the N8, menus are fluid, texts are sent instantly, and the browser actually works! The camera is well reviewed elsewhere, and it is simply amazing, and the OIS allows blur free photos, even close ups. The display is big and bright, and the Nokia Maps still have offline mode, and the GPS is VERY quick to acquire satellite lock, usually within a few seconds, even with data turned off.Calls are clear, and the volume is loud enough even for outdoor use. AT&T; LTE yielded 16Mbps up and down when I ran the data test. WiFi speeds were also in that range, though that could simply be the speedtest.net app's limitation.As for the apps, there aren't many third party ones, but Microsoft and Nokia do a fair job of filling the gaps. The biggest pitfall is the total lack of support by Google of Windows Phone. There is no GMail, and the Microsoft Mail app does an ok job accessing Gmail over IMAP, though instead of deleting messages, they are tagged as &#34;Deleted Items.&#34; Drive+ is just as good as Google Maps, and Youtube can be access through the mobile site, so videos can still be viewed. Other notable non-existent apps: HBO Go, Prime Instant Video (though there is a Kindle app), and the Economist. Many games are also not available,The recent Lumia Black update rolled out quickly, plus Windows Phone lets users get the beta build before AT&T; finishes &#34;qualifying&#34; it. One very cool feature is Drive Mode- when connected to car's Bluetooth, phone will auto respond to texts that you are driving, it can also silence calls if you choose. In my opinion, the WinPho UI is easier to pickup than Android (none of the swipe nonsense or cryptic icons), and all the buttons are clearly labelled. The keyboard is a little annoying- common punctuation is one a different screen than the alphabet, but there is voice recognition for search, and a built in QR scanner.All in a all a worthy upgrade.

It's a learning process like any new phone, but I love it! Camera is fantastic, screensize is perfect, sound quality is excellent and I can edit documents if needed with my office.  Don't let people fool you about not having apps.  Every app I had on my iphone 5 I have on this phone with the exception of a few local companies and I have requested they add windows.  It was a great purchase.

I really like this phone, a lot! The interface is so intuitive, and everything is built in and easy to navigate. I'm not a huge fan of some of the apps, and there are some really strange ones out there that I don't trust to download, but other than that I am a Windows Phone convert. I really, truly enjoy my phone.

INTRODUCTION:Because of my circumstance, I have used in the past, or am currently using, at least two models from each major OS: the very first iPhone, iPhone 3GS, iPhone 4, iPhone 5, Galaxy S2 LTE, Galaxy Note, Galaxy S3, Galaxy S4, Lumia 900, and now Lumia 1020.  This puts me in good position to judge Lumia 1020, I think, in comparison to other devices. To make the long story short, Lumia 1020 is an absolutely amazing technological feat, a marvel, something that an engineer could only dream in his wildest dream of making. I am from a technical background myself and I still cannot fathom how Nokia engineers could house the 6 Zeiss lenses unit into the tiny package, while sacrificing or compromising virtually nothing. Incredible ingenuity, to be sure. The ideas are brilliant, the execution perfect, and the result is a landmark phone-camera. Just look at the photo samples above. It renders my Canon 5D with huge 70-200 mm zoom lens almost useless. Not quite, but sufficiently so, at least for non-commercial purposes. Better yet, Lumia 1020 can take a shot that is at once zoom and wide-angle at the same time depending on what you want to do with the image, something which no DSLR is capable of.MAIN OBSERVATION:The other day I visited a local violin shop and was reading boardfull of ads, standing in front of a wall in the shop, as I was searching for a violin instructor. Suddenly a thought came into my mind - 'Wait, why am I doing this?  All I have to do is to take a photo of the entire wall from a few steps back, go home, blow it up on my computer screen, and I can read even the finest fonts on the ads including contacts.'  Old habits die hard and I was not utilizing my new Lumia 1020 until this idea hit me!  So I did just that, and bingo, there was nothing I could not read at home, even though the photo was taken under dim light of the shop! (By the way this camera has xenon flash as well, but ISO 4000 did the trick without the flash.)You cannot possibly know the usefulness or desirability of something until you have one.  Someone once said, "The world never needed Beethoven's ninth symphony until he created it.  Now the world cannot live without it."  You cannot know how convenient it is to have a camera that is far sharper than your own eyes until you have one. No matter where you go, you have the world's best capturing and recording device with you. Now that I have one, I am discovering new uses everyday and imagining even more.  If I can go back to my college years, I would no longer need to take notes, at least not from the blackboard -- I can simply capture the entire blackboard image when the professor is done filling it up and should be able to read the faintest chalk mark later in my room. These days I capture almost everything (product manuals, my sons' report cards and paintings at school, bulletin boards, advertisement boards, receipts, my car tire's recommended pressure, my car tire's specification...) and I have perfect peace of mind. I left for my summer vacation without my DSLR but I felt just fine and rightly so.  My night-time fireplace shots taken with this "phone" came out much nicer than my friend's shots taken with a "proper" camera; Lumia 1020's low-light photography is simply spellbinding.By the way, 41 Megapixel does not mean you will get 41 megabyte size photo files with every shot you take!  Thanks to the amazing Pureview technology that packs 7 mega into each mega "super" pixel, you get a 5 megabyte photo plus 1 megabyte email attachment size automatically.  You can further crop anyway you want on your camera and the result will be still far better than any smartphone photography in the world, if not most compact digital cameras.  (Sad to say, I think this really nailed the last one on the coffin of the category called "compact digital cameras."  Who needs those now when Lumia 1020 has a better lens, better sensor, far better software technology, and you can even use it as a phone?)With Lumia 1020, the background passerby's face will be sharper than the carefully composed shot of your grandma that you took with your Galaxy -- that is unless you intentionally tried "outfocusing" effect which you can also do with this super smartphone. So if you need to capture certain information but unsure of which to take, or if you are not sure of the composition of your shot, just capture the whole thing and then worry about it later -- you can crop, view, do whatever you want and your photo will still retain that sharp resolution.OTHER PLUSES:-Windows Phone 8 is EXTREMELY stable. I repeat: no crashes whatsoever.  Totally different experience from using Android.-Double Core Lumia 1020 certainly feels whole a lot faster than the quadcore Galaxy S3 I used. I think quadcore is a marketing ploy, a gimmick.-Touch is so much more accurate than all android systems I used including Galaxy S3 and Nexus 7. So much fewer mistyped characters when writing emails or sending messages.-Separate and independent camera button (real, physical one) a big plus.  No need to go through the app process to take a picture.  It's like having a completely dual identity: a phone and a camera.  Neither is subordinated to the other.  Each stands on its own.-Best of all, wifi and 4G LTE data switching is seamless and fast.  My Galaxy S3 used to search for the "right" wifi or data all the time and when the wifi signal was weak, it would not work at all so that I would have to "turn off" wifi when there was weak wifi around just to use the data.  No such things ever happened.  Extremely strong wifi signal reception and superfast 4G LTE with AT&T.;  Totally happy with this.-Having "Live Tiles" is like having widgets in lieu of app icons.  They display information in the absence of activating the app such as where you last left off in your Kindle, what appointment you have today, etc. Furthermore, you can change the sizes of them (just like widgets) so that you can vary the sizes according to each app's importance, how much information you want to view without activating the app, etc.-Rock solid. I dropped mine twice without any protection from about 1.5 meter heights. Not a scratch.-Beautifully organized filing system for photos.  With Android, the pictures I took were all over the folders.  This is whole a lot neater.MINUSES TO SOME (BUT NOT TO ME):-No Instagram and no Temple Run.  (Frankly, I could not care less. All the major apps I use are there -- Viber, Office, Facebook, Dropbox, Twitter, Chessgenius, Amazon, Kindle, Yelp, Flixster, Skype, etc.)-$300 with 2 year contract.  Good things cost money in life - I get over it.  (Frankly, I would have paid $300 even without the phone -- just to use the phenomenal digital zoom camera that is both wifi and data capable.)MINUSES TO ME:-No automatic screen rotation off. This gotta be the worst oversight.  For those who read their smartphones while lying down on bed, the automatic screen rotation is a pain.  Nokia and Microsoft, if you read this, PLEASE IMPLEMENT THIS FEATURE IN YOUR NEXT UPDATE!-Lack of file manager. This is a big minus to someone like me who does extensive work with phone and attaches many documents of different types to emails, but may not be so to many others. For me, there's gotta be a way to attach various documents (other than just photos) from the new email window directly.-Copy & paste loses style when used in email.-Included video player does not properly show subtitles when in .smi format. Again, this is a big minus only to someone like me who watches many, many foreign movies, but may not be so to many others.  I miss MX Player Pro on my android.-Windows' fancy way of opening apps (ie turning like a book page) can look pretty to some but I prefer minimum distraction.  Would be nice to have an option to choose page-turn or plain-turn. This is my nitpick.

I have been behind the curve for years as far as smart phones go. I have always been that one person standing there saying, "Why do I need a smart phone? My phone is for calling and texting. I have a computer for internet. What's the point?"Admittedly, there have been several times when my phone couldn't do something I needed (access to Yelp in a dinner crunch, for one. GPS, for two) and I had to use my boyfriend's phone. I have been with my boyfriend since he had the Blackberry, then moved to iPhone 3, then 3S, then 4. I have hated, with a passion, all of those phones. They are annoying, they freeze. They feel ridiculously heavy, and the photos are nothing to get excited about. Sure, they have GPS and have a lot of apps, but so what? I didn't need apps! When he moved to the Samsung Galaxy 3 I was a little impressed. I did love the picture and video quality, and internet speeds were amazing when compared to his iPhone. But it wasn't enough to make me want a smart phone.Last year I had noticed the Lumia 920 in Cyan and I kind of wanted it. I loved the color, and when I tested it out in the store it seemed pretty straight forward. But I didn't want it SO much that I wanted to upgrade early at a greater cost. My phone, for all of it's unsmartness and lack of robot genius, was doing perfectly fine for me, thanks.Enter the Lumia 1020. I literally saw the add on Hulu a couple of weeks ago and I WANTED that phone. I have a DSLR camera that goes with a lot of places with me, and it takes amazing pictures. But it's bulky and not efficient to use for things like small family get togethers and girls night out. I mean, my camera bag and one lens is ridiculously bulky! Add a purse, and it's just a nightmare. So when I heard that this thing had 41 megapixels in the camera, I was sold.Obviously, megapixels aren't everything. The photos are great, but they can't match the quality of my DSLR. Lenses do make quite a bit of difference, so I'm not saying it's replacing my Canon by any means. But it makes things like family moments and girls night out and snapshots at the dog park MUCH easier. Plus, I can do things RIGHT THERE with the phone that I would have to upload other photos from my DSLR to do. Removing unwanted objects, blurring and focusing, color pop. I don't know what other phones offer, but none of my other phones could do this!Aside from that, I love the way it can be set up! The OS is great. It's smooth, and while internet isn't as quick as it was with my boyfriend's Galaxy, I have lots of time and am never in such a hurry that I can't wait an extra five seconds for something to load. I love being able to arrange things by my taste and size. The important things like contacts and Pandora get big bars, my bank and movie apps are normal squares,and tiny icons for things like Evernote and the phone settings. It is all organized and perfect to make sense for me, and adding and removing shortcuts is a breeze. Battery life gives me about 36 hours before I HAVE to charge. My previous phones I could go three or four days without charging, so this is a little annoying for me, but my boyfriend does assure me that a day is a pretty average life for a smart phone. Calls are great. I do love that when I have the phone up to my face the screen goes black, saving battery because I'm obviously not looking at the phone, but when I pull it away to look at it the scree automatically bursts to life again. That is a pretty nifty little option.The only thing I was sad about was the color: I really loved the 920 in Cyan, and I was hoping for a 1020 in the same lovely shade of blue. Unfortunately, this model only comes in Yellow, Black, or White. I wound up with the yellow one because it's very cheerful and, let's face it, harder to lose. The weight is good: my LG Shine was way smaller but it felt like it weighed way more. This thing feels sleek but solid in my hand without being heavy. It's not to big, the screen is great. I wish I could figure out how to turn the clock off of the screen when I'm not using it because it's really bright, but no such luck yet. I remember my very first cell phone was a Nokia, and I tip my hat to the designers and engineers over there because they have come a long way since I got my first cell phone nine years ago, and even then I remember dropping that first Nokia in a puddle of water and not realizing it for six hours and that thing survived for six months before it started failing on me. I hope that doesn't happen to this phone, of course, but if that was what they did nine years ago then I'm not even worried about this one.

im not a fan of windows but I give prop where they deserve it. I have noticed a lot of apps dnt work or they dnt have it (namely youtube instagram etc etc) but lets not blame them for googles in ability to allow them to do such ( I wnt get into it just search it and you will understand) the camera is very nice and good quality but do not expect to get a pro camera. I returned this item for the nx1100. I bought this fone for my husband because he is a camera fiend and I figured he wud like it. no such luck as he was disappointed. at night in a bright area lit with side lights the pics came out yellow. its only good in the daytime. on top of that the lens is small so the pics dnt come out tht good either. the zoom is mediocre. it doesn't zoom far and gets pixelated wen it does zoom in. video quality is nice. all in all a nice phone but 700 is just not worth it. we got a camera for under 400 nd he already has galaxy note 2 for all his smartphone needs.

All I can honestly tell you is that the camera is pretty decent. Nokia customer support is the worst I have ever experienced. Believe me on this...they have absolutely no clue.

Full disclosure up front: I am a Nokia employee.  That said I do not work in the smart phones business unit and do not have to use Nokia devices.As a Nokia employee it has been hard over the last few years to bring my Nokia phones to parties, family gatherings, etc and have everyone else wedded to their iPhones and Androids.  The 1020 has dramatically changed that dynamic.  The moment I show people images captured with the 1020 they are totally enthralled. Two friends have already switched from competing phones and they have both told me that they are very happy with the outcome.I am a low-key evangelist and essentially let the device speak for itself.  Here is what the phone says :)+best camera phone on the market and significantly better images than the two mid-tier point and shoot cameras that I own.  Both of these cameras are recent models from the most respected camera brands+unique map/nav capabilities (such as the ability to have embedded maps for nearly the entire planet that makes turn by turn navigation extremely responsive and lowers data transmission costs)+a thoughtfully designed hand grip accessory that includes an extra battery and enables the phone to be mounted on a tripod+great build quality+unique industrial design that (love it or hate it) dares to be different from everything else on the market.  Personally I like the vibrant colors but black and white are available for people who want to stick to the basics-a well documented shortage of applications.  On this point I've been disappointed by some reviews in the press. For instance one of the top technology journalists incorrectly stated that WinPhone lacks Pandora.  Also while the tech press focuses on the quantity of apps, I recommend that you, the prospective buyer, focus on the quality of apps.  A number of major apps such as Linkedin have been been artfully crafted to take advantage of the unique capabilities of the phone.  Also as a business user the deep integration with Outlook, Powerpoint, Excel, One Note, etc is extremely helpful. Returning to the concern about quantity of apps,I encourage you to determine whether the apps you care about are available on this phone.  That said we are truly blessed to live in a time when the ~160,000 apps offered by WinPhone is considered a small number.In short, while I have liked other Lumia phones this is the first one that I feel a real passion for.  More importantly, this is the first Lumia that friends and relatives are switching to and feeling overwhelmingly enthusiastic about.  I have used Blackberry's, iPhones, etc and they are all wonderful phones but you do yourself a disservice if you don't at least take a really serious look at this device and determine if its strengths are the things you care about most in a phone.  Thanks for taking the time to read this.

The photo sensor gets hot if you are taking a lot of pictures back to back. Other than that, I LOVE this phone.

I love the phone.  I bought into how great "Gorilla" 3 glass is supposed to be, so I hate how NONdurable it turned out to be--when a maybe 1 foot drop cracked mine.  And the customer service was highly disappointing. If the screen cracks, expect Nokia to give you the number to a repair company that charges $158 PLUS shipping.  To replace the entire screen, when only the glass is cracked. (I know nothing of repairing phones, but there is no way the small cracks in one corner are worth that much.)  Even worse, I was informed that as "physical damage," that crack voids whatever warranty there was!So I regret switching from my iPhone; Apple certainly had MUCH better service. When my iPhone was totally waterlogged, I got a one time FREE replacement.  Even when my popsicle mold shatters, Zoku sends me TWO new ones.

Wife loves this phone, especially the color! She is not the most tech savy person but she was able to figure out how to take amazing photos and customize here tiles.

I bought my yellow Lumia 1020 just over a week ago from the microsoft store (it came with a free grip shipped overnight via fedex for free!) and have used it as my primary phone.  I really wanted to love this phone.  I've had a N95 and N97, I also have a Nikon D800e and had a D7000 before it.  I love taking pictures in all situations and dislike most camera phones.  This phone takes pretty good pictures.  Not SLR quality, but it can stand up to most low to mid-range point and shoots.  The interface is fast (other than the several seconds between pictures), it has plenty of space, and looks very sharp. Love the camera grip with extra battery too!Unfortunately it's running windows, or more accurately, unfortunately you have to deal with the Windows app store. It reminds me of a run-down strip mall in Detroit.  I have windows 8, 8.1, 2012r2, and find the interface acceptable, but it seems very tedious to move the tiles around on this phone. I have to carry my Nexus4 with me to do anything.  So apps... Starbucks? nope.  Google apps (gmail google maps, play, earth, street view, currents, voice, etc)? nope (unless you don't mind the web browser version in clunky IE), Amazon?  well, mobile yes, mp3 no. your credit union? probably not (not mine, though they do have ios and android apps), google wallet? I think I already covered that earlier.  Want to find new apps?  search away, but be ready to weed through several copycat looking apps from people you've never heard of.  Want to share your internet connection?  Better be ready to fork over even more money per month to AT&T; for that privilege that you had on your old phone for free.Also, it's locked to AT&T; for 2 years unlike the nexus 4 which is roughly the same price and unlocked from the start. AT&T; will unlock it for you if you pay full price or fulfill your 2 year contract.  Doesn't do you any good if you want to travel outside the US in the next 23 months though, does it?So if you are buying this to have a pretty great (especially in low light) camera phone with you wherever you go that can upload those pictures to your favorite social media site and your skydrive, this may be the phone for you.  If you're moving over from android or ios ask a friend if you can borrow their phone first.  see if your apps are available on the Windows platform. If you travel internationally get an unlock code I guess, or pay full price, or just keep your old phone. Also beware the return policy.  if you have a single scratch on the device you lost the opportunity for a refund.  missing a box? minus $50, missing the charger? another $50*edit* Did some more searching around for "popular windows 8 phone apps" etc.  found a couple nice ones.  the maps are pretty great too.  I still think it's far from perfect and have to keep my nexus in the car for a few apps and for when I travel out of the country, but it's getting better.  upgraded my rating to 3 stars.

After 6 years with iPhone I needed a change of pace. At the ATT store, the sales guy recommended I try the 1020 even though I wanted the HTC One. Here are my impressions of the Lumia 1020 after 10 days of heavy testing on the road. Needless to say I returned it for a HTC OnePros:1. The slickest looking UI that is very novel at first.2. Crashes were relatively limited3. Camera can produce some amazing results.4. Pretty solid build quality, with a strong plastic shell.5. Did not feel like I was missing any critical apps. The story is less rosy when you start using the apps though...Cons:1. App quality is questionable especially in the crucial mapping front. The Google Maps is crippled on Windows Phone and the default Nokia software provides terrible direction. Other essentials like Yelp are also inferior to versions on other platforms. Many third party apps have ads that are far more intrusive than anything I have seen on iOS or Android.2. Screen is not of the highest resolution for the size. Really needs to match S4 and One since it takes 38 megapixel photos.3. While fine on the hands, it does not work well on surfaces due to the camera. Cannot operate unless your second hand is holding it still on surfaces.. Huge design error. Rather have a thicker phone with longer battery life instead.4. While the tiles are nice at first, their customizability ends up being more work than the iOS or Android. Every new app I install, I feel the urge to resize or rearrange, quickly creating a mess on the screen. There needs be more automated organization..5. Poor battery life. Drains within less than half a day with photo, web, and map use on 4g. Not acceptable.6. Runs extremely hot especially in maps mode. This explains the poor battery life.7. As slick as the UI is, it removes crucial features like copying certain segments of text. Not acceptable when you are trying to copy contact information or trying to go back only in browser.8. Camera is slow and inconsistent. The highest resolution images are available with one app only.9. Not intuitive to transfer files and pictures especially on a Mac. Dropbox, Picasa simply does not read off the 1020. Transfer software frequently crashes.10. Does not charge when connected to a notebook that is in sleep mode. Small things like that make the battery situation far worse.Conclusion: Not worth the trouble if you are an intensive mobile user.

Recieved my Nokia Lumia 1020 today from Amazon, but no sim card. My old sime card is too large. Did anyone else have this happen to them??I will review when I can use it.

The photo take system is good, but it's not easy to hold it ,the screen it's so easy to broke,it scratched by keys can coins ,and after 2 times when i dropped it when taking photos it hit the floor and the screen just smashed .

This device is almost a camera with phone features. Beautiful pictures and lots of controls. All Windows phone functionality works fine. Device is slim and has a beautiful matte yellow finish. Software updates have improved the Bluetooth features, though I'm not 100% satisfied with how the transitions work (or don't work) from handsfree in the car to my stereo bluetooth headset. I like to listen to library audiobooks through an app and have to jump through hoops (such as using the music app first to initialize the Bluetooth connection and then switching to my audiobook app) to get the transitions to work. These problems, though, are not specific to this phone or Windows phone. I've heard that iOS and Android phones have similar Bluetooth issues.

The camera was amazing but after 1 days use, i had to return it. Theres no alarm clock, very low battery life, and I couldnt set my lineup with the fantasy football app.

I bought this phone for my wife because she is a photographer and loves taking pictures. We were both blown away by the quality and refinement of the pictures. The Nokia camera app is fantastic to use and in my opinion it produces better pictures than the built in camera app.We ordered the wireless charging case, and although it doesn't offer much protection on the corners it does raises the camera module when the phone is on a flat surface.This phone is much lighter than the 920 and it feels really good to the touch.Nokia's HERE collection of apps is fantastic and i would buy this phone just for them.Battery life also seems better than the 920 and 900also worth mentioning is the fantastic display. colors are vibrant and contrast is great too.

Of course you don't care about the technology you have in your pocket, go right ahead.Let me start by saying I was really intrigued by the Windows UI and was excited at the first. And I will give Windows credit, the home screen is still the best of any OS. That being said, this is when the old adage, don't judge a book by its cover kicks in; because once you click on an app from that home screen, you'll be severely disappointed.Let's start with the keyboard, which is has the worst algorithm for understanding what you meant to type of any of the OS's out there. This will severely slow down you ability to type messages, emails, docs, etc. It's insanely frustrating.Next is the lack of apps themselves. You think you can get along with out them, but you can't. And the apps they do have are poorly developed and hardly supported. It's an unacceptable experience if you expect productivity via apps out of the phone.Also, the battery sucks but even more frustrating, is the time it takes to charge. That's the big advantage the iPhone has - it may die but once it does, plug it in and in an hour you're good to go. With the Window's phone 3, 4 hours later you're still not at 100% percent. If you're someone always on the go, I'm sure you can understand how debilitating it is.Lastly, a lot of webpages still do not account for IE, meaning your web experience will leave a lot to be desired. (I could go on but these should be enough to convince you to look elsewhere).To sum, the Windows phone does some things well (the Camera, some aspects of the OS) but where it really matters, how much can you get done, it utterly fails. And really that's the essence of what makes a phone important. So if you're someone who cares about that, definitely look elsewhere.

I have to say that this is  a great phone.  I had an iPhone under contract from At&t; but wanted something different.  The SIM card just slides right in and you have a new phone.  It's just that easy if you are already an At&t; customer.I will say that moving from one phone economy, such as Apple or Android, is not an easy change to make.  I still think Apple iTunes is the best place to buy music and movies, but luckily Windows Phone and Nokia make importing that music and movies very easy.  They have a tool that you can download that imports and converts all if your music and movies automatically.  It just takes a few minuets depending on the amount of content.I was looking for a change and although the new iPhone 5S and 5C are out now, they are still pretty much the same as always.  IOS 7 adds a few new features but it is pretty much the same look and feel as well.  I wanted something different.  I also was getting tired of having to carry a camera around that took decent pictures along with my phone.  This phone has a phenomenal camera and sensor that take exceptional photos.  I still have an iPad that I use and I was afraid that it might be hard to share pictures between the devices, I was wrong.  The phone uses sky drive and when you download the skydrive app on your iPad, all of your photos are available to view instantly.I would recommend this phone to anyone looking for a change.

The camera quality if just wow!  The camera takes very very good photos even on auto settings.  I love the fact that I can take a regular picture and then zoom in later and crop what I want.  It's truly amazing.  Nokia did an excellent job of putting this level of photo capability into a smartphone.Windows Phone 8 isn't as bad as a lot of people in the Android/Apple camp would like you to believe. It comes with the latest iteration and everything seems to work well.  I don't use a whole lot of apps, I just use Twitter (Rowi), Facebook (Official App), Evernote, Podcast listening (built-in one for WP8 works well), Personal Finance (Money Wallet).  So far so good.  I also have an HTC One and iPhone 5.  I've been able to function independent of the other phones quite well.  I think it is mainly because I use my MS Live account across all platforms via Exchange for my PIM needs.  I also don't have such a symbiotic relationship with either Apple or Google so it works out pretty great for me.  I always try not to get myself mucked up too deep into one eco-system, but I do let MS handle all my PIM info and it has worked to my advantage for quite some time.If you love taking good pictures and you are not tied down to one eco-system, this phone is for you without a doubt.Enjoy!

This is a clean, well integrated operating system, with a super refined and noise-free interface. The integration of Facebook, Outlook and Skydrive are beyond phenomenal. Without question, the answer for those of you who have tired of the languishing Apple IOS.The camera is astonishing and without equal. All images copy up to Skydrive, 7 gigs of free cloud storage that are completely integrated into Outlook (a very much faster version of gmail) and Facebook.This operating system, and it's peerless integration into this magnificent device and cloud storage and email system will completely redefine your expectations for performance and elegance. As impossible as it seems, Microsoft has, for the first time in the company's history, produced a product that is both aesthetically and functionally superior to all competition.Nokia will pay you $250 for your iPhone through their Trade Up program.Do it.

This phone has an awesome camera.  However, much different operating system than iphone and takes some getting use to.  Also, less apps and does not use iTunes which I am use to.  Overall, I'm pleased with the phone.

The Nokia Lumia 1020 has an amazing camera which beats every phone out there by miles. The screen is very vibrant and clear, it also is so sensitive that you can use gloves. The phone is thin and light also and the camera bump does not get in the way of holding it and is actually does not go out that far. I would recommend this phone to anyone who is looking for a new phone because every piece of hardware is top notch.

I have to say that I own a Lumia 920 and loved the simplicity of Windows Phone, coming from an Android device from a Galaxy that shall remain nameless. I heard about this phone and started thinking I don't need lossless zoom or any of that stuff. Then I went to the store and tried the camera. WOW was I impressed. Not only does it take better, sharper, clearer, more detailed photos than my Lumia 920. It blows the doors off my year old digital camera with a 20x Optical Zoom! I can not say enough good things about this phone, if you love taking pictures get it don't wait just get it. If you are not that big on taking pictures then it really isn't worth the money over the Lumia 920. I love the app selection, there is not a single app that I am missing from Android contrary to what they were telling me in the store that I went to. I have them all Instagram in the form of an awesome app called Instance, Facebook, Hulu Plus you name it most likely it is there. Again I LOVE LOVE LOVE my phone and won't trade it for anything out there.

The top for the serious photographer who cannot always have his reflex camera with him !Windows Phone may seem a disadvantage in the States, but in Europe it is gaining every day.

I really like the quality of the camera. However, the  process of setting apps up requires more steps than iPhone, which is what I previously had.Perhaps I just need more time getting used to the windows system.

I copied a comment from Nokia chat room. I researched because I'm having the same problem with my Nokia 1020. Very annoying and disappointed!"According to the specs, the Lumia 1020 should be able to auto-focus as close as 15 centimeters, not 15 inches. That said, I'm seeing the same problem as noted in this post. Typically, if my subject is between 15cm and 25cm away and I hold down the shutter half-way to focus, or touch the screen on a focus point, the focusing system temporarily focuses, but then immediately "pops back" out of focus.SOMETIMES I can focus up to 15cm, but it's not consistent and so I've been finding it difficult to get macro shots in general with the phone. I realize that the zoom in capability of the "pro" image minimizes this problem, but I just keep running into it. Now I know others are too. Either there is a batch of defective phones and we both got one, OR this is normal behavior for all of them."Edit (10/23/13): Well I've had this phone now for about 3 weeks and discovered that the battery starts to get really hot when I was speaking on it for over an hour and after hanging up it still continue to drain. Even when left without using it drained 80% of the battery to 10% in just 6 hours. It wasn't doing this before until last night. I charged it again and conducting more tests at this time on the battery issue. As far as camera close up shots, yes it doesn't work anything less than 6 inches, I didn't say as minimal as 1/6th. You wanted to know the truth and I'm telling you the truth. I didn't buy another 1020 from some of your responses. I exchanged it.

There are 3 reasons why I got Lumia 1020 and why I may keep it.1. Because I am tired of keeping another camera.I have one point and shoot but I don't know where it's charging device is, or where the PC connection cable is. Besides, having an extra device to carry while on the move is a real pain. Lumia 1020 pictures seem to come out better than any point and shoot or iPhone i have owned.I did not have a clue about photography jargon a week back. Thanks to the Nokia training , I know some now , and am experimenting nonstop with the SLR features.Cant wait to take my next foreign trip.2. Because I am tired of keeping track of Garmin GPSs, their software or the cables. My current GPS has free lifetime maps, but my maps are outdated because I lost the software when i re-installed my OS.When I had to travel to India I spend $100 to buy the map and now I cant use that map if i upgrade my Garmin. Besides, the Garmin screen is growing insensitive every passing day. With Lumia 1020 the GPS is free. The latest maps can be downloaded any time. Unlike iPhone and android phones the Nokia navigation app is truly offline. You can put the GPS in airplane mode and have voice guided navigation. This offline feature trumps the convenience and hype of Siri. The maps of foreign countries are free to download and there is no need to spend extra $100. Downloading new maps is also easy. You can do it over wifi. No PC connection or cables required.3. Because the memories will outlive fashion. As an ardent apple fan I have queued up at apple stores to buy the latest iPhone. The iPhones have a cool factor and are always a great toy with its apps and music and whatnot. While the cool factor hasn't got me any girls so far, with in a year after entering the 2 year agreement, i get an outdated feeling as the new iPhone version gets released.The thing i remember from my earlier iPhones are the photos and videos I have taken with them. However the videos and photos are grainy and sub-par. I will remember my 1020 through its super clear pictures at 41 MPixels , and its vivid videos. 41MP pictures are future proof, considering the fact that many digital SLRs are 18 MPs.I did initially consider returning 1020 for 2 reasons.1. Battery Life. I felt that the battery is draining quickly. But it turned out to be a mis-perception. Because of its utility I have been using Lumia 1020 for various tasks, such as GPS, camera, Facebook, whats-app, browsing and of course phone. With such a continuous and heavy usage the battery is bound to drain. Further research convinced me that it is better than the iPhone battery. When used moderately it lasts for about 24 hours. When used heavily, 6 to 8 hours is the norm. It needs recharge once or twice a day for heavy usage.2. Availability of Apps. : The windows app environment is significantly behind apple or android. However for the main attributes of Lumia 1020 such as the camera and GPS, the Nokia provided apps are awesome. They seem to be updating them regularly. Some games are not available. But with the resources of Microsoft, we will probably see those apps available soon.I think the benefits of a free worldwide GPS that doesn't need data connection, and an SLR like camera outweigh the shortcomings. The return of investment of $100 or even $200, is more than 100% considering the fact that a stand alone point and shoot costs $100, a Garmin GPS cost $100 and Garmin maps for just one foreign country in asia costs $100.I did not find the other common concerns such as protruding lens or call quality problems to lose sleep over. My call quality and coverage were better than iphone. The lens do not bother the fingers that much.Its a keeper.Also: I dropped it once and it runs fine. iPhones may not survive this drop. I suggest using the poetic clear case. It brings out the phone's exotic colors like yellow. And it sort of protects the lens.B00E5NOZTK

Should have known better than to buy a windows phone... suddenly starts to freeze losing all touch screen responsiveness.. the first few times it happened a soft reboot worked... then that stopped working... a hard reboot needed... but cant do that... phone will not hard reboot... downloaded Nokia repair utility... failed to work... spoke to nokia.. the rep was a total imbecile... refused to let me speak with a supervisor... said i could mail it back and that they would fix it or repair in 7-21 biz days... and that there may be charges even if under warranty.. like i am supposed to be without a phone for a month?  Now I am going to call ATT the carrier and see if thy know how to help customers... bet they do... sorry NOKIA  bought it for a great camera but you are a horrible company wit no support.... never again

The Lumia 1020 appears to be one thing: the camera.Nokia's design philosophy seems to be to take the best options available from point and shoot compact digital cameras, apply them to a super compact camera and then add on smartphone capabilities.The sensor on the camera is 41 MP. This is nearly on par with the sensor (MP wise, NOT QUALITY) Nikon's current big sensor DSLR. The quality from the DSLR is better, no doubt and I've seen plenty of sample photos that speak to this. The price difference, even for an unlocked 1020, is nearly 3x the price and doesn't include the cost of an interchangeable lens. Again, the quality from the DSLR is better, but for a digital compact camera... for a &#34;simple&#34; SMARTPHONE, this is massive.And the quality from the camera is phenomenal. I don't think the 41 MP results are usable for prints up to the same sizes of DSLR large sensors, but I don't think you would have a problem getting a really nice 13x19 print from the 1020.In terms of the phone itself, if you've used a Windows 8 phone before, you know the drill. For me, using it has become second nature, and I personally prefer it over the Android OS. The only thing it lacks is Apps. With Nokia's debut of the Lumia 1520, we finally have real Instagram (beta) support, but there are still some &#34;major&#34; apps missing. No Candy Crush? Vine... was just announced recently and is available... so the must haves ARE coming. Some games will be missing forever, but I can live with that.If you're thinking of moving to Windows Phone from Android or iOS, first keep in mind that if you paid for any app, you will either need to rebuy or live without it. Second, make note of any app you use that is MUST have. Then look through the Windows Phone App Store on-line to ensure it exists. If there is something missing you cannot live without, even if you need an awesome camera, I would recommend you not switch at this time. Or you will need to decide, is the awesome camera worth no longer having this capability.In terms of performance, the 1020 is great. I believe the hardware is the same as the 925 I have used and I've not experienced any issues with the main functions of Windows Phone. There IS some lag involved in photo shooting, but I attribute that to the 41 MP camera and the amount of data it needs to push around. It isn't a deal breaker for me, but if you think it will be for you, you may want to hit an ATT store or a Radio Shack and see if they will let you try before you buy.Overall, this is a spectacular and amazing camera, with a really nice smartphone attached. Recommended.

Well, I have to say that I am impressed. I have been using Android powered phones for the past number of years and when my contract was up I went right for another one... the Moto X. I have to say that I was completely disappointed that compatibility with cars, headsets, speakers, turned out how it did. Overall I felt like I bought a basic device that &#34;most&#34; things work. It needs a lot of refinement as compared to my S2 that I had it was faster and had much better battery life, but compatibility was simply not there. AT&T; was superb in handling the return of the Moto X and sending out the Lumia 1020. I can also say Motorola when I did call to try to sort out things were also superb--- both companies called back, followed up, and made sure I was happy--- no matter what. I just keep asking--- where did that come from!Moving on to getting my Lumia 1020. I am a technology person for my career and personally for my stuff and like any new device figuring out the phone was fairly simple. I have to say that it was a nice change and after an hour I had all of my apps that I needed and had most of everything setup without any real hitch. As far as how the phone feels... the OS is super smooth and it feels like a cross between an iPhone for simplicity and an Android phone for being less restricted/ constricting.One of the features that I do like is how it handles email. All accounts are separate/ mutually exclusive. I use my phone for business and personal use and with our Android phones.... I used the default mail client for work and Gmail for personal. The problem is that for one personal account that is not a Gmail account, I either have to use the default mail client or an aftermarket app (and of the five that I tried) that are simply poor. The problem is that when you use the default mail client it can confuse where it was sent from--- and that is a huge problem. With the Lumia and the accounts being completely independent, a separate mail client is not necessary. Slightly different in how it works, but for me it is the proper way to handle email.Of course the camera is very good and has a real flash. Otherwise, for now I would definitely recommend the phone as it is a great size (i.e. not too big), the screen is very sharp, and it flat out works damn well. If they can get their marketing in order and give it some traction.... they will have a much bigger part of the smartphone market.

In this day where cell phones have become the point-and-shoot of our lives, this is the phone for those who want more.First off, if you are simply looking for a decent camera on a good smartphone, this may be a tad much for you.  This is designed with those who love camera tech and want more from their photos then just a &#34;quick snap&#34; memory.  This is a serious camera.  The tools and abilities go far beyond just nice details.  The amount of top end photo hardware- from the 41-MP camera and it's numerous megapixel settings to it's optical stabilization abilities to it's edit tools- are nearly limitless.  Nokia has added in so many software options to it's hardware that you could spend days just playing with the options.  Nokia even has &#34;lense&#34; software to add effects or remove unwanted images.  The amount of detail and color reproduction in your pictures is mind blowing.  Sometimes it is hard to remember this is on a phone.As a smartphone, it is excellent as well.  WP 8 soars on this hardware.  Excellent UI and seamless operation, there is no lag and no problem with commands.  The app selection has grown to a very comfortable level.  As a phone it has very good reception and the clarity is on par with any top end smartphone.  The 4.5&#34; screen is bright and provides plenty of room for the keyboard and veiwing of webpages and apps.Both Nokia and Microsoft has been excellent about supporting and updating their WP 8 devices.  Firmware and software upgrades have been coming from both companies regulary since it's release.I strongly suggest the Lumia 1020 for those who are excited for the next step in photos from a smartphone.

I bought the 1020 for the camera as I love to take pictures. It brings incredible detail into the pictures. It's easy to use manual settings but does great on auto as well. I also like windows platform but I bought it for the camera.

I thought the videos on youtube and other reviews were just hype.I took a picture of my dining area and did not give it much thought.I showed the picture to my friend who's hobby is photography and he was blew away by the quality of the picture!He showed me how the details are captured when we zoomed in at the picture.He explained to me things like shutter speed, ISO, focus, low light etc......And the thing is in auto mode when I took the picture.My friend was so impressed he wanted to buy one for himself, unfortunately his carrier does not offer the lumia 1020.I love my new lumia 1020.Hello professional looking pictures taken by me, a complete noob to photograpy!

I got the Lumia 1020, my Brother-in-Law got the Galaxy S 4.We took side-by-side photos of the same thing, hands down Lumia 1020's 41 Mega Pixel is way better!Also, I got theHomeSpot NFC-enabled Bluetooth Audio Receiver for Sound System, which is so sweet with the Lumia 1020.All you do is touch the phone to the Homespot, and the music transfers from the phone to the stereo, touch again, and the phone disconnects!

I just love this phone. I waited for 3 months after my contract was up, switched carrier, all for this device. And it did not disappoint.I love taking pictures and making videos of my kids. I can't tell you how much better these come out than my previous device. There is no need to zoom when taking pictures... the video stabilization works great.If you love taking picture of your kids, you should check this device out... otherwise you will be stuck with a bulky DSLR for 2 more years ... other features like nokia music, are great as well... and unlike what you may have heard, win 8 phone os is actually very very cool... sleek, intuitive and responsive...

Works smoothly like any other Lumia phone - but turn on the CAMERA ... and OMG (for a smartphone). I use plenty DSLRs and high-quality compacts, but now ... no more compacts to compose my picture ... I just need my Lumia 1020 phone!

This is my first time reviewing a product. But I believe I have to this time.First all, this is a phone supposed to be used to call and pick up a call. This phone has problems in both: call is dropped and disconnected from ATT sometime I dialog a call. I have to reboot phone. This happened to me many times. To pickup a phone call, sometime I can't slide the bar up to show the answer button. I have to press the power button twice and then slide up the answer button. I missed lots of calls.Photo, yes this phone can take very good photos only when it can focus very well. Focus is slow and inaccurate.  If you don't want to miss some important moment, don't try this phone.Microsoft, good luck!11/27/2013Today, the phone stopped to respond. I have to send it in for repair or refund.
