
I love my phone and how big the screen is so that I can see everything without any problems. This is a great buy plus I'm using it on Straight Talk and didn't have to change my number at all. I got the AT&T plan with it on Straight Talk and it works just fine without any problems. The only con I have is that the phone cases for the phone that are really cute are too expensive other than that I love it wish I would have gotten it sooner than now.

The name &#34;MEGA&#34; definately fits the phone--and I Love iT!!!  So, if you are not into having a LARGE, clear, visual display consider something more appropriately sized for you.  It includes all the &#34;Wizardry&#34; that I need, and then some, so it doesn't bother me that I gave up my Samsung S4 for this one.  Now, because of its size, I can no longer use a &#34;Belt Clip&#34; and taking a call (putting it up to your ear) is a bit cumbersome.  I have a nice case (looks like a check-book) with slots for Business/Credit Cards on the side, and I either use the Speakerphone or BlueTooth ear-piece when answering the phone.  Was the trade off worth it???  ABSOLUTELY!!!  When I'm using the phone to surf the net; look at pictures; or even watch a movie, it's truly an ENJOYABLE experience!!!  And that...is PRICELESS!!!  :-)

The phone is very fast I like the  colors the resolution screen its little big but we head phone is ok

I just bought the phone and the language is in Chinese or Tai. I've tried to change it to English. I will have to return it if I can't figure how to change the language

Absolutely love the phone.  I purchased a cover that made the phone way to bulky.  Intend to buy one of those covers that open like a book with the hope that it won't increase the depth of the phone.  The phone is basically very thin and light.  The cases, however, could use some make over.

Great. I love it.Arrived just in time. Perfect size.had a hard time finding a case in stores. But Amazon once again came in handy.

Good phone, however!! It does have 8GB and that's a big problem for me. Its a good phone, Its a little big but for me thats a good thing. I defiantly at all times have to use two hands to operate this phone, It works perfectly on Straight Talk. Great battery life!! Over all its a good phone. the GB's just throws me off a little!! This is not a phone to do hardcore gaming either. Good but not the best!

a Mega phone with mega gains; easy to read, display of calendar, addressbook, photos are brilliant. Sound is surprisingly soft for the speakerphone. Camera and instant download of Google apps were a plus. It was a task replacing the Chinese or Korean with English. The last to be translated is the Korean voice that I want for the translation of my messages into voice.

I was a skeptic at first. I've always liked to see what I'm buying, but I am more than happy with my samsung galaxy mega. I have had it for about a month now and have had no issues what so ever. I'm glad I chose this buyer

Just what i needed for work. Thank you. Works great for everything I use it for. The only thing is that didn't know it was at&t or I would never had bought it.

I am very happy with this phone. Screen large enough so I can see it without glasses.Easy to use and I don't cut people off like my other phone. My chin would touch the end button!!

I have not had a issue with this phone at all. I'm very pleased with it. The only thing I'm not pleased with is straight talk and they're data plan. Its 2.5 gb of unlimited service and then it drags to a unbelievable slow crawl. If you purchase this phone go with a good service plan. T mobile is the only provider that offers truly unlimited data talk and text for $70 a month. I'm heading there next :)

My wife uses this cellphone because she has a little business and her clients are from different providers (in Peru is just two) therefore I bought this cellphone for her and she's attached to it, she loves it. The camera is a little unsteady when you take a picture but the cellphone is really fast and gives no problems when chaging between sim cards. This is the best dual cellphone I've ever seen.

Excellent

Purchased this phone thinking it was the same that MetroPCS offers.  It is not.  Metro offers the 6.2 while this is the 5.8.  Searching for &#34;Mega&#34; covers will result in receiving a cover/case that is much too large to fit this phone.  Also, the Metro version has a dual core  1.7Ghz processor and 720 resolution.  This phone has a 1.4Ghz dual core processor.  My wife only purchases a new phone once every few years.  It was important for us to watch price while getting a good deal for our cash.  If you're used to a 4G phone, you might pass this on...  We've been spoiled by quickly loading videos for a while now.  That said, this phone is still technically  a &#34;Mega&#34;, just not the same one you'll see in Metro's stores.

I BOUGHT THIS PHONE FOR A GIFT TO MY FIENCE AND SHE LOVED IT, IT IS BIG AND PERFECTLY FIT WHAT SHE LIKES, IF I HAVE TO BUY ANOTHER ONE I WOULD. THANKS

I love the size of the screen.  I do a lot of texting and this phone is the best I have ever had.

Mic dose not allways work on calls. Must hang up and text when this happens often. Other then that this phone is very good. CONTRARY TO UTUBE REVIEWS IT DOSE FIT MY POCKET EASY.

Hi! I'm in FL and i purchased this cell...so far I LOVE It!!! it's everything i wanted and more and have no complaints. It's smaller than the 6.3 --- which is so much better, as I am only 4&#34;11 and have small hands. LOLMy ONLY caution is to purchasers who are buying this cell for usage in the United States - this cell (because it is Int'l) has TWO ports for the SIM card - which you have to purchase from your cell provider. That's not a problem, they're like $15 - $20. For my provider, the 2nd port is what works in the US. (that's at the lower end of the battery) But because you are using the 2nd port, you MAY have to bring your cell into your provider store for them to change the settings in your phone to recognize the 2nd port as the MAIN port.And that's it --- outside of that - this cell is AWESOME! I love it!

I purchased 2 of these phones for prepaid service.  They set up easily for being international phones.  These are legit and not a cheap knock off.  Samsung makes quality products.  This phone is big however there is one hand operation in the settings that make it easy to use.

Phone came in with a cracked screen so I had to send it back. phone looked nice but not with a cracked screen.

Love my phone&#9829;...It is amazing.  Couldn't ask for a better phone! Buy one today.  I was scared at first, but the phone is brand new!

Have not started it yet; can't find local source of SIM-cards to use with it.

I was in need of a new phone after losing my old one and decided to upgrade to a larger model. I found this one and thought the price was great for the size and specs and ordered it right away. The phone is a great size for me (I sometimes have to use two hands because it's so big!), is quick, easy to navigate, and is overall a very attractive device.Though, the device comes with an international charger as well as a USB cord? Since I don't have an international charger jack, I had to use a different charger for the phone, but it's no problem! I have a couple of spares. The USB cord can also be used to charge it straight from a laptop, so the charger definitely isn't a problem for me.Also, the product arrived on schedule! I usually receive packages a few days (to a week) after the estimated arrival date because the mail can really slow down at times, but it came on the date posted. A great bonus!

love it, i would recomend it to my family members and friend. Cant wait to go on my vaca and see how it works in another country

The phone is good an all but if I would have knew it was not made in the u.s I wouldn't have brought it. This phone dont have all the features it should have. I called samsung an they told me because the phone wasn't made in the u.s

Love It.  Best phone I've ever had.  Works great, extra volume for music, easy to operate and great visual feature.

I got my phone today.  The shipping was fast and the phone is a beauty.  I love the size, the features and the ease of setting up. I really enjoy this phone and I will be checking out all it has to offer.  Great work Samsung.  Oh BTW it does have the motion and facial feature and all the bells and whistle.  Beautiful!!!

I got the phone, battery, earphone, usb line and adapter.  All included in a packed Samsung box. And all are official from Samsung, I guess. A guarantee certificate included. Hope this works officially. I really like the phone. It was large and clear, and easy to use. I use it with AT&T sim and it works well. I like all those special features, smart stay, multiple screens, smart touch, etc. I don't know much about electronic device but this one becomes my favourite now.

the only thing I dont like is short battery life

This is really nice, its features are just like the Samsung tabs in the palm of my hand, calls are clear just like the pictures. Only problem i am having is it shots off quite often and reboost itself.

Way too many cool features and the digital camera is just awesome! Images are so clear, sound so crisp! A good buy!

It works great and the battery last a decent amount of time. I love the sensitive touch, which is great for people who have a hard time getting phone to respond to their touch. The screens are fairly customizable.This phone does not fit in your pocket well which is fine with me.

I was worried it wouldn't work with Simple Mobile (a sub carrier of T-Mobile), but it works well.  It seems to flip between 3G and Edge a lot, but that happened on my HTC as well.  Oh, and to get internet I had to use the top SIM slot.  I tried the bottom one first, but that only gave me phone service.The phone itself seems to be as fast or faster than my HTC One X.  I don't think this can really be the case though as the HTC was a quad core and faster processors I believe, but for whatever reason, this phone performs extremely well and seems to be more stable.  Battery life is okay, but I wasn't expecting much there as it's such a large screen.Really happy with the purchase.  Phone is fantastic, especially when you factor in the price.

I brought this phone for my 19 yr old son and he's hooked up with t-moble. He's happy , so I'm happy. Love it!!!

I love my phone. Size and all. It came with an american and european charger. I would recommend this phone to anyone. All my friends with samsung phones hare jealous of my amazing screen.

i am so happy with the pone, it is great and nice performance, i recomended 100 % lo lo lo

Purchase this phone because of the size,  now the touch screen is not responding properly,  I hit the a key and may get &#34;ap&#34; or &#34;al&#34; or a whole string of characters, it backspaces or dbl spaces at random.Contacted Samsung and was informed that this is a Korean phone by its identification numbers and that they do not support it. The tech also informed me that Samsung doesn't make this phone even tho their name is all over it.We are in the process of contact with the seller to resolve this now. will update as I receive more information.

i love my mega , after having hard time with the note.  Its big , fast , thats all i want !!

It was everything I wanted and expected..i love my huge screen..it came in a timely fashion ..I had no problems with anything

live in va switched my straight talk ph# & acct over to this big azz ph.  just had to purchase sim card from straight talk. they walked me right through it. do not & i repeat i do not regret this upgrade from my straight talk lg dynamic. still learning the functions just wished a operations booklet came with it or it would of got a 5 star from me.

I love my Galaxy Mega. It is awesome. I am still learning about all the things it will do!  In the mean time, I have downloaded all of the apps I need right now. If you want a mega, besure and invest in a bluetooth headpiece because you are not going to hold the phone in the car very well. Great phone.

I like it. It is little bit slow but still nice phone. Having 2 sim card was my main goal. So this phone has it

Omg...this phone is the bomb...first I must say, it's worth your buy. I bought it for international use in the Caribbean, it will take some getting use too, since I was a blackberry bold girl...but I'm tired of walking around with 2 phones so or got this one...true to size...love the specs and I get all the service on it. My my.. Seller was great shipping on time as promise. Came brand new, unopened with seal still intact, wish the seller has send a case, or sold cases. Because I bought a case and still haven't gotten it as yet so I had to buy another one to protect the phone. Over all the phone is a great phone works wonderful. It is definitely a smart phone.Joyce

I got the order on time and i love love love my new phone!!!!! Im really happy with everything. I recommend

This is a very nice phone, however i'm having problems with picture mail. For some reason they are not downloading.... help please

I love it, love it. everything positives, no negative. its battery power is also wonderful.It is also unlocked and carries dual sims.

My incoming call wait notification doesn't work ... Please if anyone have this same problem and got it solved , please post so I can read it ... It annoying while you are on your phone to keep checking to see if a call is coming in ... My phone is important to me and my job ... I missed so many calls... Otherwise the phone is really nice and classy so I'm still giving a 5star ... Hopefully it's not a factory fault

I bought this phone for my mom and she loves it. She can see the screen and its pretty user friendly. She also hasnt lost it yet. Great buy!

Purchase the phone to use over seas. Love the apps that are preloaded.  cons: Don't like the home screen with celsius deg. on it. Have not figured out how to change to Fahrenheit yet. Also I purchase Otter Box protector , Phone doesn't fit it correct ,can't use the power and volume switch. Phone is smaller that case.

This is the 5.8&#34; screen version of the Samsung Galaxy Mega.  I ordered it as a gift as a person really liked my current Samsung Mega (6.3&#34; version)  I was unaware there were actually 2 separate models; which translate to different screen size.  I also ordered a case and quickly learned about the size difference not catching it while ordering the phone.  I gave the person the opportunity to return it and get the 6.3&#34; version, however, they opted to keep it and really weren't too phased by the slightly smaller screen.  They cited the fact their hands are a little smaller, hence, the smaller size is actually a better fit for them.This model also has 2 separate SIM card slots so you can use it with multiple providers without having to power it down to switch SIM cards.  I'm not sure too many people will find this useful, however, I suppose there may be some cases where this is used.  I used the phone with AT&T; service and can say there were no problems whatsoever.  I did have to manually setup the APN for the phone in order to get mobile data.  I simply copied the APN settings from an existing AT&T; phone and 4G popped right up.  The phone is now in another part of the country and the user reports no problems with the device after a couple of months so I'm really happy with the purchase.

I just have a couple of questions about this phone I wanted to know is it already unlocked? Is this T-Mobile or at&t? Thanks

I love this phone. I went from an iphone4 to a mega. It did take me a few days to get use to it but after that I love it. I use it with straight talk which works fine.

The PHone is fine if it dos not freez screen . I had to move some apps to make it work agian . I have to check pridecly if any app start to behave without my commaned . in less then a month I had to remove the battery 10 times to reset.could not register the model number with samsung for the warranty in US  . I didnot understand why the model is not avialable in US samsung website.samsung should have flushlight , this one in operation section there is no button to turn it on . but flushes when using camera.ram gets full fast 1G ram becomes very small when you have android 4. if you clear the ram we go back issue one screen freez and remove battery agian . so need to remove most apps that i have no use of .

Works perfectly, arrived on time,and found all the accessories I needed all in one place. Keep up the good work.....&#128522;

Right size for myself ,love it Galaxy Mega when you get it and you know it what I mean .

Did not work.  Constantly shutting itself off.  Not the standard American size.  Nor what ATT sells.  Was great for the first 24 hours then went crazy.  Returned to store all waiting for response from them.

It is a lot of fun using it.It looked good. And i can do all my daily use in the Internet with it fast.And the camera is great to.

I love this phone!  I'm in the US and of course my Verizon SIM card did not work (even after I had the SIM card cut down).  Good news, I went to WALMART and purchased a $10.00 SIM card from AT&T; and another card from the WALMART plan that uses T-Mobile cell towers.  WOW, I can chose which carrier to use as this phone hold 2 SIM cards.  Light, slim, and stylish!  A must buy!!PS: If you run the phone without a SIM card, the instructions are in Chinese.

Great but language spanish require separate installation in the OS Android. This is an excellent product !! Highly recommended !!

The phone is great. My Husband loves it's dual modes. He says it does not glitch.Galaxy Mega deserves the rating - The picture resolution is good and because myHusband loves it, I will recommend it to all my friends.

i without a dout love this phone..!!speed awesome, size amazing.functionability,still amazes me this is the definition of a smart phone...if your looking for a amazing phone,go samsung...had the note2 and someone stole it ,went for the big boy in the mega, andyes i do miss the stylus,but this phone just makes you giddy with all its capabilities.Apple eat your heat out...

The phone itself is s great device. The phone itself does not fit any of the cell cases that the original samsung galaxy megas fit in.  I had to order the a case off this site and now I am waiting 2 months to receive the case from China.

It was a nice phone with a couple if issues.

Way more than I expected!!!!! Item was fully described as it is. I am very happy and satisfied with product.

Like the size and HSPA+ speeds.  I enjoy the multi window display.Went to T-Mobile and purchased a microsim card and was even able to port my old phone number over.  Only con I found was that the screen alone sucks down 40% of battery power.  But that is my .02 cents.  A big plus is that you can swipe to text, you just have to enable it in settings.

I up grade from the samsung note 2 to this phone I love it ....awesome phone. I am telling  all of my friends about this phone.

It was a gift for my mother.  She absolutely loves it. Just too much to do with getting phone settings set correctly.

I bought this phone because it can handle two numbers. I plan to purchase another one for business use in the near future.

I purchased the Samsung mega 5.8 through another website and wanted to share some info with everyone.  The mega model 9150 (offered through walmart.com) or model 9152 (the one offered on amazon) with the 5.8 inch screen runs perfectly on straight talk.  All you have to do is purchase the AT&T or the T-mobile micro-sim card (which has the better service in your area) from Straight talk or Walmart and you are ready to go.  I did not like any of the current Straight Talk phones that were being offered.  Most of the phones were dated technology and most of their cell phones run on Sprint towers (which is horrible coverage) including the new Samsung Galaxy SIII.  I am not a big I-Phone fan so I didn't want to purchase the I-Phone.  I wanted a big screen, fast processor, and good service/cell reception without leaving Straight Talk.  The mega is the answer.  I bought the AT&T micro-sim from Straight Talk because it has better coverage in my area then T-Mobile and I am loving it.

I love that phone and it exceeded my expectations. It is better than the IPhones. It is great to have.

DO NOT GET THIS PHONE!!!!I purchased this phone a month ago. For calls and texts it works great.. but i couldn't figure out how to get mms or my internet to work. When I took it to a wireless store, the guy shook his head and knew immediately where i got this phone from.I found out that this is a knock off and that actual galaxy mega is way bigger! Not only that, but all galaxy phones have a sensor at the top for remote use and NO galaxy pbones have DUOS sim slots. Talk about regret!!! Smdh!!!!!!!! The only thing great is the speedy shipping.

This is a 3G phone that does everything I need. Streaming, internet and navigation.  Large screen makes reading easy.  REALLY like it. HATED my last phone.

My first use  of a Galaxy;  no instructions.  I had no idea how  to  use the new phone.  I bought straight talk card from Wall Mart, but their  policy  in  Sierra Vista, Az  not assistance  if you  did not buy  from Wall Mart..  I had some  &#34;trial and Error&#34;;  I can't find  a ten year old to help me  find out  how to operate it.

Delivered incredibly quickly which was appreciated because the one I'd ordered originally never came. As for the phone- my mom loves it. The screen is nice and large like she likes, and there are apps for days.

Best decision I made on a phone.  Everthing is perfect on it. Definitely worth the money will keep in mind next time I need new phone again.

Wow. Okay first, I ALWAYS have ordered my phones off of Amazon. 9 of 10 were knockoffs...this one actually being a real Samsung is pretty awesome. The only difference with this product is the sizes. Samsung's idea of making a legit &#34;international&#34; Mega for this price is pretty great for doing so. This phone is LARGE and actually light weight. The battery....which I wish came with another...is outstanding! This phone  is a 5.8 in...so yes a bit smaller...but for the price and actual value... I give it 5 stars. I'm currently using it with Straighttalk At&t...picmail actually works too. It does take a MICROSD card...which is like $7 from their site. I can't say there's anything I don't like about it. If you have questions just ask!

I love my phone!! Reasons Why- 1) It's Awesome 2) Huge screen 3) My phone arrived quickly with everything in its box and last but not least 4) It's Awesome.

This is my 1st smart phone and I just love that the SOBs come without user manuals. But I am slowly hacking my way through it and am amazed! Its a great size for the old and 1/2 blind. If it doesn't quit on me, I think it and I will be joined at the hip. The only thing which has happened is that I could not get it to ring on incoming calls. Tried everything. Must have finally hacked my way through it because it rings now.???  But I did not like the store mgr. e mailing me and verbally attempting  to get me to get rid of my seller review. That is unacceptable behavior. I was unhappy when I wrote it because I could not get the phone too ring. Don't EVER bully me or I will report you to Amazon!!!!!!!!!!!!

Inspite of the negative comments about this product not working for a particular GSM carrier here in the US, I gave it a try...and it worked perfectly once I set it up with the appropriate microSIM card!  I'm happy with my decision and so far so good, although the battery usage is somewhat not that great.  I recommend this one, especially for people who have vision problem (like myself) where I can dial numbers and read text messages easier.

I recently purchased this phone and I love it. It offers more than I expected it. One world Recommend it.

This phone had many software problems and I had to reinstall the Android system to fix it.  Then the screen went bad, and Samsung does not warranty this phone at all.  That's right, ZERO warranty.

Item looks and feels fake....get from known carrier! The original has no logo on the top right corner this one does....like most knock offs do....be smart and buy it form a local retailer
