
Im still figuring out all the features to my phone. I love it and the price is excellent! Im not a big fan of touch screen only phones, so this is a great match for me.Id definitely recommend this for someone who likes android phones with qwerty keyboards.

I truly love, love, this phone. Touch screen is ok. I love to have a key pad just in case. It's a great size phone, not to small, and not extra big. The screen is just great, to watch video and netfix. Sound is great for listening to music. Picture look great. I'm very very happy with this buy. I love it so much, would buy two, to have years from now, when this is good longer in good use. I didn't plan to buy another phone, no time soon. Love it

The value is there at the price of this device. My wife and daughter love theirs. it's average speed but it runs great. The flip out keyboard is an extra perk.

Way to bring a full keyboard phone to the smartphone party! Good combination of speed and function. A perfect compromise for those who want to upgrade to touch screen but maintain touch of a qwerty keyboard.

Highly recommended. The phone is very well balanced in the hind with the slide mechanism being very good. the keyboard is great. its not hard to see that it was also built for people with wider fingers. touch screen and UI are great, even with the mybat screen protector on. all in all its a good phone and a good 4g choice for the full qwerty phone lovers

This phone was an upgrade from a MyTouchQ - doesn't take much to upgrade from that  :-)  I wanted a newer phone, but still wanted the convenience of a slide out keyboard - I just find it easier to type when I can "feel" the keys. The keys on this keyboard aren't as easy to use as the ones on the MyTouchQ, but I'm getting used to it. I do tend to accidentally hit the volume button while typing sometimes, and that's aggravating, but I'm becoming better at avoiding it. I've had the phone for 2 and half weeks now.After having this phone for 10 days, I dropped it in the toilet. (If you are like me, and wondered how on earth people manage to do this -- it was in the front pocket of my sweatshirt and when I bent over to lift the lid, it slipped out of my pocket and into the toilet). Anyway, I feared that my brand new phone was ruined, but it was FINE! Of course I grabbed it out immediately and dried it off. Although it appeared to be functioning normally, I still turned it off, took the battery, SD card, and SIM card out and let it dry for about 10 minutes just to be sure. Afterwards, still working great!  The fact that it survived the toilet diving incident overrides the volume button while typing issue! Also, the battery on this thing is AMAZING. After a day of only sporadic use on the MyTouch, I had less than half the battery left. With this one, I still have at least 85%. And while I thought most of the issues I had with web content loading on the MyTouch were due to the slow 2G connection where I live, everything loads MUCH faster with this phone!So far, my only complaints are the volume button that I keep accidentally hitting while typing, the keyboard keys aren't as raised as I would like, and I don't like that the power button isn't very prominent - I have a hard time pressing it sometimes. But the pros far outweigh the cons, at least for me!

My wife wanted this for the keyboard. After using it for a month, she has yet to use the keyboard for 2 reasons, 1. The on screen keyboard is so awesome 2. Text to speech is her preferred method anyway.

I have being looking for a good Qwerty Slider Smartphone with a 5 row key keyboard for a while. I currently use a Sony Ericsson Xperia Pro and I really was waiting to see if a smartphone with a good 5 row keyboard would come out with a 2GB ram and quad-core processor. This does not seem like its going to happen either in the US or in Europe where I'm based. I would probably have got a Motorola Photon 4G for its excellent keyboard but its a major risk to try and remove to build in sim card and solder on a sim card reader to access a sim for a european network.I bought Samsung T699 unlocked from Open Group Wireless for 150Euros + 65 Euro Tax, Customs duty and Transport using freight forwarder Borderlinx who streamlined any problems exporting to Rep. of Ireland. The package arrived 2 days early and straight out of the box, I put in my O2 sim card and its worked seamlessly since, the only limiting factor is the patchy coverage outside of the cities by O2 network, but in the cities it is very fast web browsing and even picked up on the new trailing of 4G by O2 in cork.The keyboard is very good for fast typing and the dedicated number row and multiple secondary functions on each key using the function key is a great feature. Outside of being slightly heavier that the Sansung S3, this phone can match the S3 in almost all departments - the screen resolution is slightly less than the S3 but really is not obvious. The 5mp Camera is very good and the focus is much better than the 8mp camera on the Sony Xperia Pro. Call quality is fine receiving and speaking and playing Music through the speakers has excellent clarity. Even with 3.75Gb of the phone's memory taken up with preloaded software does not seem to be an issue and it runs Android 4.1.2 Jellybean out of the box. I have checked the Blogs on upgrading Android but it seems to be a safer bet to stick with Jellybean to keep the full functionality of the slide out keyboard.overall this is Excellent value Qwerty Slider Smartphone for any GSM network worldwide

I bought this phone for my brother and he really likes it. It's the best smartphone with physical keyboard we could find.He loves the keyboard and it's 4g.

bottom keyboard does not  work on first attemp cant us zxcvbnm very disapointed dont have seven more words a a

Easy to use, good signal, nice features. Very commendable. I bought 2, one for my wife and another for me.

I am still learning how to use this phone, it is the first one of its kind I ever used.  I am pleased with what I have used so far.

Well, the subject line pretty much says it all.  After the T-Mobile G2 became obsolete, this phone took its place.Pros:* decently large screen (4&#34;)* staggered keys on slide out keyboard* 3.5mm audio port, which seems to have become standard* runs Android 4.x* solid feel* decently fast CPU (dual core 1.5GHz)* boots up quicklyCons:* slide out mechanism isn't great, is finicky and wears out easily, and is slippery without a case installed* almost impossible to find a good protective case for it* comes preloaded with a pile of T-Mobile BS apps and widgets* keys aren't as easy to play retro games on as the G2* lacks a dedicated camera button

It's just an unreliable phone.  I have the stock ROM on it and all that,  I'm not a power user and don't have many apps on it, no customizations,  and yet the OS is unreliable.  For example I can't keep 5 icons in the quick menu like depicted above,  any time I add a 5th one it randomly disappears in a day or two.  A friend with the same phone has the same problem.Phone reboots randomly,  the keyboard layout is stupid (where's the right-side shift?) -  the .com quick button only works on some forms,  including NOT working on some of the forms in the phone's built in/preloaded apps.The camera's not very good.  Basically this is a huge huge huge step down from the HTC MyTouch 4g Slide I replaced.

So, I upgraded from the HTC G2 Android phone. I purchased both phones because I really like using an Android phone with a real keyboard. That being said, there is no other benefit to this phone.I assumed this one would be less buggy, slow, and crash-prone than the old phone, since it's newer and from a more prominent company. WRONG. The thing is slow as MOLASSES (even after disabling the massively wasteful Lookout scam software) due to all its &#34;3D&#34; animations.This is basically the Gateway of smartphones - loaded with bloatware and so-so build quality.Next up is Google Voice. I know that's a Google app, but it crashes MORE OFTEN THAN NOT when loading.Then you have the calendar. The calendar on my G2 was simple and ACTUALLY FUNCTIONED. This one disobeys you most of the time and is difficult to use (note: I'm not some curmudgeonly old guy who is new to technology; I'm a computer technician). It keeps suggesting things at random and just overall an OVERWHELMING EXPERIENCE when all I wanted was a phone with a keyboard that let me put in my business appointments.How about *gasp* a phonecall? Once a month, it'll crash while trying to answer a phonecall, requiring a reboot.Heaven forbid you want to download your pictures off the phone! Then you have the Samsung Kies malware. Instead of showing up on your computer like a thumbdrive like every other phone in the universe, this one requires (and automatically injects) Kies malware into your computer. Can't leave well enough alone, Samsung. (For Mint PC users, this implies using the gMTP software that works every other time.)Battery life is a little over a day (heaven forbid you enable DATA services, though, and you're down to a few hours, after which you're greeted with a constant popup attack reminding you to plug in your phone in case you're too stupid to know what the battery meter is for).I was inspired to write this review this morning when I found my phone dead on my desk. Once a week now, it doesn't FEEL like charging while plugged in.I'm going to throw it away now and buy a rotary phone instead. At least those don't crash while answering. They just make a pleasant &#34;ding&#34;!

No complaints. Best phone for the money. S3 processor speeds and a keyboard. Same size almost as the Samsung S but just a tad thicker, but with more speed and more power. Ice cream sandwich is a solid OS.

I hated to see my G2 go, but this has been a great replacement. I had no trouble registering on Tmobile (I had to use the new sim card that came with it, but that only required a phone call).  Android remembered my settings and apps, so the transition was seamless.  Phone is nice and fast and the screen look really sharp.  I like having number keys and arrow keys (not on the G2)! And the front and back cameras are also fun to play with. Definitely seems like the best keyboard phone for Tm.

As with all technology it has it's glitches. It's a great phone over all, the main issue I have is that the screen does not always illuminate all the way.

Just bought two used versions of this to use with t-mobile.  Replaced a droid 3 and droid 4 with verizon, and these are similar size with a much more recent Android OS.  It may not as fancy as the latest phones, but for $100, it's 1/7th the price.  Some friends with the latest bigger phones and phablets have commented that they miss the physical keyboard and the smaller size.

I ordered this Samsung Galaxy S Relay from Top10Cell, and got exactly what was described.  This is my first GSM phone, and my first unlocked phone (in other words, I had no idea what I was doing).  I've been on contracts with CDMA carriers from the beginning (mid-90s) but decided to break away and try a no-contract service.  However, I'm very particular with what I want in a phone, and the locally available phones didn't fit the bill.At the time I bought this, I was test-driving an AT&T; GoPhone with SIM card (the Nokia Lumina 920).  I decided the Windows OS wasn't for me (I tried to like it but there are certain apps I use a lot that Windows just doesn't have).  Anyway, I got this phone (the Samsung) and tried to use my GoPhone card in it - it wouldn't work.  This GoPhone card is a micro or nano SIM.  This phone takes a standard SIM.  I still tried to make it work and it wouldn't.  I called Top10Cell:  they were very helpful, assured me the phone was unlocked, suggested it might be my SIM card that was the problem, and said to call them back if another SIM didn't work.  They were more than willing to help me fix the issue.  By the way, I don't have T-Mobile in my area, which is why I didn't use the included card.  If I used the T-Mobile card, I would still be using the AT&T; network here, and T-Mobile would consider me roaming the entire time.  T-Mobile will drop you if you roam for a straight year (that's what T-Mobile told me).  I keep the T-Mobile card in my wallet, just in case.I went to RadioShack (where I bought the Nokia GoPhone) and they were most unhelpful in fixing the issue (it's an unlocked phone, they won't even look at it even though it was their GoPhone card), so I decided to just buy a standard AT&T; SIM and be done with it - except RadioShack only had a 3G card.  This phone is 4G, and that's what I wanted.  So I went to the AT&T; store and bought a 4G card.  Understand:  I did not have a preexisting contract with AT&T;, and the only SIM card I had from them was a GoPhone card, so it seems my only option was to buy a new card rather than trade one in.  AT&T; was more helpful.  The salesman explained that the reason the GoPhone card wouldn't work is because it's tied to a specific phone - that card won't work in any other phone.  Their standard SIM cards can be used in any phone - the GoPhone cards that come with a phone can only be used in that phone.  His suggestion was buy a standard SIM then contact the AT&T; GoPhone people to have my minutes transferred over (apparently, the AT&T; stores can't do GoPhone transfers to standard cards).Anyway, I bought the AT&T; 4G card, went home, put it in the phone, and fired it up.  I didn't have the AT&T; store activate the card for me - I wanted to do that myself at home with the phone, in case I need to call Top10Cell again.  I went to the AT&T; activation site online - it took a long time to process.  They said "a few minutes".  It was more like 20 minutes or so.  I just left the computer to do its thing and kept checking back.  Eventually, it went through.  I added minutes (decided it wasn't worth the hassle to transfer the GoPhone minutes), and was up and running.  I did not need to contact Top10Cell again.Now, as for the phone itself:  T-Mobile has crap loaded on it that I need to get rid of, so I'll probably need to root it at some point to get rid of the bloatware.  Also, the phone wants to use "GSM/WCDMA" as its default Network mode.  That is a major battery drainer for me - I changed the network mode to GSM only.  It automatically boots up to GSM/WCDMA so I have to manually change it back to 'GSM only' every time I start/restart the device.  Otherwise, the battery is drained in about 6 hours.  With 'GSM only,' I can get about 2 days battery time (not a heavy user).- The keyboard is nice but the space bar takes a bit of effort - you have to hit it closer to center, not off to one side.  The keys are spaced far enough apart that you can hit a single key with the pad of your finger rather than using the end of a fingernail.  It also has the Swype on-screen keyboard, which is nice for a quick note.- The screen is nice and clear.  I don't use the phone for movies so I can't comment on that, but photos/pictures look nice and clean.- I've dropped it once already from waist-height onto asphalt, and it got dinged on the outside top edge of the case.  No glass cracked or popped off, no bits and pieces went flying, just a ding in the outer casing.  I picked it up, hit the power button to check it, and it was fine.- One annoying thing I've noticed is this phone causes static sounds to emit from computer speakers, but that's not the phone's fault - it's the GSM.  CDMA apparently doesn't do that because I can lay my CDMA phone in front of computer speakers all day long with no interference.  Everyone at work that has GSM phones have the same issue, while the CDMA guys don't.- Another annoying thing I've noticed is when I have the keyboard out for typing, then slide it back in, the volume will either go up or down, or vibrate will turn on.  The first time it happened, I thought I'd hit a button.  After that, I made sure my fingers weren't near the buttons, and it still happened.  I don't know if that's a 'normal' Samsung hardware issue, an OS issue, or if I just have a wonky phone.- One last annoying thing:  when the keyboard is out for texting and once I send my text message, the menu pops up on the screen.  Again, I thought I was touching the menu button area, so I made sure to avoid that area, and it still happens.  I have a screen protector on and there's a slight bubble in the menu button area, so that might be it.  Again, not sure where to place the blame.I've only had the phone for one month but so far, it's good aside from the annoyances.  I'll report back if issues come up later.UPDATE:  I have now had the phone for almost 3 months and I'll be leaving it, returning to my trusty Motorola Droid 3.  Basically, the battery drain is ridiculous.  I change the network setting to GSM only and that helps, but then other processes will kick in and drain the battery.  There are about 6-8 items that will run at any one given time, each of which drain the battery, and they all have something to do with "Phone."  Even when I  haven't used the phone, these processes will start and drain the battery.  Any number of things can cause these processes to start up.  I've tried to track each one and figure out how to prevent them from draining the battery, but it's so annoying.  Every time I reboot the phone, I have to go through a checklist of things to fix just to help preserve the battery.  A full charge will last me 12-15 hours if I'm lucky, and that's with no talking and minimal texting.  My Droid3 will last 2-3 days on a full charge.  This could be an Android Jelly Bean OS issue vs. a Samsung hardware issue.The menu popping up after sending a text message still happens, even after removing the screen protector.  No idea what's going on with that.Basically, the battery drain is the biggest issue.  I can't depend on this phone to be available when I need it; if I forget to charge it every night, it will be dead the next morning.  My Droid3 may be old but it's dependable.

Great smartphone. Excellent cost x benefit. If you want qwerty smartphone, I recommended this one. Easy and fater to unlock in south america.

It is hard to find an Android phone with a slide keyboard. My son has some muscular motor control issues and prefers a physical keyboard over the onscreen variety. He needs the tactile feedback. Of course he also loves to play games and the rest of the family is on Android devices so going Android was the best choice for us. This has been a solid phone and comes with Jelly Bean, I wish Samsung did a better job updating the OS as it would be nice to move on to KitKat which I have on some of my other devices.We do have to reboot the phone every couple of days. He is a heavy game player which makes this sort of expected but I think a more recent Android version would help too thus knocking it down one star. It does reboot pretty quickly.Some games crash when you open the keyboard while playing them. As an Android developer I know the cause and a simple addition of a setting to the manifest file can solve that. I have written to some of the larger game companies asking them to fix their games. Slider phones are rare and many places don't test against them. Expect some frustrations in this area.

Not sure if I got a dud or something is wrong with all Samsung Qualcomm devices. I had to return mine, the phone kept corrupting my SD card. I can leave the phone running on standby, it would randomly reset, then boom, files on the card got zero'ed out. It appears that the Note and S3 (which the Relay is a cousin to), also have SD card problems.It's a pity because the hardware build quality otherwise is gorgeous, performance is decent as well. If anything I'm actually considering if I should give it a second shot after the returned one.

I use this phone with cyanogen mod because I didn't want the T-Mobile and the samsung addons to android. It worked out of the box with my canadian sim card and the performances are currently the best for a smartphone with physical keyboard. The only bad point about this smartphone is the camera, but it is still correct.

It's nice to see that they still make a few phones with slide out QWERTY keyboards. On screen keyboards are not made for us people with large fingers. The raised keys make texting ten times easier. The slide action is a little stiff at first but will loosen up after time.Pros:It has a slide out QWERTY keyboard.Pretty in-expensive as phones go.Weight and feel are good.Cons:Only 1GB of RAM. More often than not I have less than 10% of RAM free.Preloaded software you cannot uninstall like Lookout and Mediahub.Some of the keys towards the edges require more pressure to register.

This is our second SGH-T699 which came exactly as advertised. For one of Samsung's fastest cpu chipsets this phone from Extr@ordinary is certainly a bargain even if the physical keyboard is never used. The unlock code was not included but was received after a phone call to the vendor.  Service and warranty is handled directly by Sansung US.  Excellent battery life for a 4g phone. A very easy phone to root and use internationally on GSM networks. External SD card memory to 32gb provides a lot of additional storage.All in all an impressive phone and a great bargain.

I originally didn't care for this phone when I first started using it.  The physical keyboard is subpar, the performance was pretty sluggish, and I felt like the phone didn't have enough ram for Android Jelly Bean OS.  After using the phone for about a week, it started to grow on me.  I downloaded Nova launcher which made the phone use up less ram and I went into developer options and set the limit background processes option to &#34;limit 4 processes at once.&#34;  Now the phone is really smooth and I feel like this phone at 200 dollars is pretty much a steal.  I have the Galaxy S Blaze as well which is even cheaper than this and that phone is a solid phone as well.  Before I bought this phone, I had a Nexus 5 and I had to return it because I couldn't get a good signal in my house with that phone.  The Nexus was definitely a higher end phone, but I have to say that I'm as satisfied with this phone as I was with the Nexus.  Even though the Nexus's specs blow this out of the water, this phone is much heavier and thicker which gives it the feel of having a better build quality.  So far I've been pretty satisfied with Samsung smartphones and I have a feeling that my next phone is probably going to be a Galaxy S4.

I am so very pleased with this phone.  It works even better than advertised.  I received it ahead of the scheduled delivery date.  It is an excellent device and so very easy to use.I highly recommend this seller.

Works perfectly. Just the right size, enough memory, and it has a physical keyboard. A good value.  I would recommend this phone

I bought this phone because it was all that was available to me on T-Mobile that had a keyboard.  The keyboard is great, but the phone itself has some problems.  Despite having what on paper seems like enough horsepower, the phone is slower than a pig with a wooden leg.  If you need a phone for T-Mobile with a physical keyboard, this phone is for you.  Just be prepared for an annoyingly slow response.  As soon as I find another phone with works on T-Mobile with a physical keyboard and descent performance, I'm upgrading!  Until then I'm learning to get by with this piece of poor engineering.  Other Galaxy phone appear to have similar performance problems -- so while my experience  is with this phone, searched online have shown similar experiences with other Samsung phone in the Galaxy lineup -- but don't take my word for it look at the first hand experiences.

Great phone for the price. I bought it when it came out brand new and loved it. Cost me $500 back then (no contract). 5Mp camera is great, kinda slow shutter time. Touch screen is nice and responsive. Keyboard feels great, and 480p resolution is just fine for a mobile device, unless you're a pixel nazi (&#34;muh 1080p HD&#34;). With a 1.5 GHz dual core snapdragon, it packs a punch even today. With a microsd slot, memory is no issue as long as you can afford a new memory card. The 1 GB ram is the only thing that shows it's age. I have since moved on to the Nexus 5, but I'll always have a soft spot for the last great qwerty slideout phone. I bought this one here for my younger sister (who is picky as hell and wanted a galaxy note originally) and she absolutely loves it! She didn't want it because of the &#34;bulky&#34; keyboard. She now cannot go back to texting without it.

I really liked this phone. It had good specs and ran quite well. The device I got came locked to T-Mobile and I had not problem connecting and using the phone on the network. I gave it 4 stars, however, due to the fact that the keyboard would sometimes not work and I had to enter the keyboard as the input device several times. Additionally, I was not able to get mass text messages which is something I have experienced on unlocked phones and did not think would be a problem on this phone since it was locked to T-Mobile.I ended up returning the phone because I decided I use my phone more for digital reading and games than anything else so I went for something with a bigger screen.

Great phone CNET review was right about this phone. Solid, great screen, great keyboard long battery life easy to use.

The plastic body feels cheap to hold, HOWEVER, the phone is well put together. In every other aspect, the device exceeded my expectations.

Love this phone, however every once in a while the screen goes blue and I have to pull the battery to get it to reset

Awesome upgrade from my Motorola droid A855 which was 4-5 years old.  Fantastic price made the purchase affordable to enjoy a smartphone with a better Android platform.  I love the S Voice features which can be set to alert you as who is calling or number of who calling you.  So many features at a great price from T-Mobile and phone will ONLY work with T-Mobile network.Warning:#1 If you like to download alot of pictures to your Sd card this phone will not allow such prompt and you will need to move your pictures from your phone storage to your Sd card via computer using your sync/data cable.#2 Remember this phone is "App"  happy and will easily max your RAM and slow down your phone. You can manage your phones RAM by using your Task Manager to close Apps that are running in the background or delete Apps that you do not use and deactivate any screensaver/wallpapers that are running in the background as these steps can extend your battery thorough the day.Conclusion, Awesome phone to enjoy.

I absolutely can not stand this phone. It is full of glitches even though I turn it off and reset it as suggested. It frequently freezes to the point where I don't feel safe traveling with it because it can't be trusted. Sometimes it takes forever to do something simple, like open up a text message. I don't download silly games on my phone either. It can get stuck while sliding it open to the point of where it flips out of my hands. I think this is the phone that will turn me away from androids all together and toward an iPhone.

I had for almost 3 years a HTC Desire Z and I needed to buy a new phone,because the HTC does not have a longer life than 3 years. I hat that one twice repaired in warranty,but I like more my old HTC in comparison with the Samsung Relay 4G.If you like the Desire Z, the S Relay 4G is a cheap copy of that phone. I bought first the same model and the seller sent me an used phone saying that it was new, that's why I thought that I could use a new Samsung S Relay 4G, but it's a lot worse and I do not like it at all. For those that like the Desire Z,I do not recommend this phone.

I am very happy with this phone. Easy to use and works great!! I highly reccommend it to those of you who like simple and easy phones.

It was already unlocked when it arrived.  Works great.  I have to have a slide out keyboard & had a hard time finding a new phone with one.  This one does all I need it to.  The battery is awesome too.  I use my phone frequently throughout the day & it charges quickly & last a long time.

Everything you would expect in a really good Android Smartphone.  Pictures are very sharp.  Large battery that lasts a long time.

My wife and I recently &#34;moved into the 21st century&#34; by replacing our feature phones with smartphones.  However, she is a heavy texter, and had gotten used to a physical keypad.  So I was interested in getting her a good smartphone, but with a slide-out keypad.  After much research, the Samsung T699 turned out to be the answer.  It runs a recent version of Android; the screen is a beautiful 4&#34; display, and the keypad seems to be good for text entry (though she could comment more on that).It also has more internal storage than many of the other comparable phones I was looking at; and it has a microSD slot for additional storage -- something that not all of the phones I checked had.  We've already put many games and additional apps on the phone; it operates well in texting mode; and -- a big factor for us -- it is a WiFi Calling phone, meaning that any time she is in a WiFi hotspot (including at home), the phone will use the WiFI connection rather than the mobile data connection -- thus saving data costs, and improving download speeds.The only thing that would be nicer would be a slightly larger screen.  But all in all, a great phone at a great value.

Initially i was a BB user, then switched to Xperia Pro to enjoy the flexibility and features of Android. I wasn't really happy, because the laggy behavior and bad battery life (I'd easily assume both are also android features).Yet, i didn't lose hope and always convinced myself that there should be a proper, snappy, solid qwerty android phone out there!after researching, finally found that guy (S Relay 4G) with very good/excellent reviews and thought my dreams finally came true.Bought it a couple of weeks ago, and i'm really happy with it, and let me share some points with you:- Lots of bloat ware (easily disabled and removed by Rooting), you'll significantly get better battery and overall performance once you remove them.- Camera is very good with excellent flash.- Amazing battery life when compared to other android phone, I usually put it to offline mode when I go to sleep. So, with the phone going off network 7 hours a day, i got around 60 hours on a single charge. I dont watch movies or play games, but heavy texting/emails and moderate/low phone calls.- Couple of things which bothered me, when i slide out the keyboard to text... i don't get spell check and on screen suggestions, after researching i found that can be easily solved by installing "Smart keyboard" from the market and it solved the issue (free) you can get the pro one if you get annoyed by upgrading reminder which pops up once or twice a day! not a big deal for me, still using the free version but actually planning to buy it.- the other annoying thing, is the home button always takes a sec or two to respond, don't get me wrong... it always always gets you home and never hanged or something but with a consistent delay (not a single time it took me to home screen immediately nor it took more than 1.5 sec) a consistent delay which seems like fore some reason samsung has put it on purpose!- Phone calls are absolutely great, so is the network signal.- forget about the benchmarks and such things, i never done them and i don't care...as long the phone responds quickly without lags i don't really care about the benchmarks...so can't help on that.- So far haven't had any problems with wifi or bluetooth.- VIBRATION ALERT IS AWESOME! what an important feature which almost all android phones have an extremely weak vibrations which can hardly feel unless its in your hands and sometime you just hear the tiny motor inside struggling to vibrate but can't feel vibration though!  I can feel the S Relay 4G's vibration in my pocket while walking which reminded me of the old Motorola V i had back in times.well, thats for now, will keep you updated if anything new crossed my mind.Bottom Line, This phone is for a practical (not fancy) person...if you are behind looks and benchmarks then search elsewhere, if you need a good qwerty android, then that's for you!

I chose this phone primarily because of the slide-out keyboard, but also because it was part of Samsung's 'famous' Galaxy line and was compatible with T-Mobile.  The screen is nice and so is the 5 megapixel camera.  I read numerous reviews of the phone and found that, just like several reviewers said, the keyboard keys were a little too flat.  The keyboard is fine, however, and I didn't need to use the 'alt' key to type numbers like on my old phone.When I received the phone I just inserted my SIM card and was off and running.I know there are better phones out there, but we wanted the slide-out keyboard.  Seeing as this feature seems less and less common, I think this might be the best slide-out phone....ever?  :-)

not bad.  good looks; however, it slowed down pretty quickly.  also, battery life is a concern... not very long.i also notice the slider gets hooked while sliding occasionally. and it shakes.  in all, i'm not encouraged to slide out the keyboard and use often.  on the nice side, the touch keyboard is not bad and predictive text is very smart.

I've had this phone for three months. I like it. It seems a bit delayed sometimes. Also the physical keyboard's buttons are so stiff I hardly ever use it. Which is saying a lot seeing that I originally purchased this phone because I wanted a physical keyboard. The Samsung Keyboard for this model doesn't have an autocorrect (it only autocorrects on the physical keyboard). I downloaded the google keyboard and use that instead. If I could do it again, I would have just purchased a smartphone without a physical keyboard.

If you're like me, you're probably eyeing the Galaxy S Relay for one or more of these reasons -- 1. it's one of the last cell phones manufactured in a slider form factor, 2. its cellular band ranges are useful outside of its marketed area of the United States, 3. it's not only a slider but a 5-row slider, which are quite rare even as sliders go, and 4. it's a phone with an unlocked bootloader and KitKat support through official CyanogenMod 11 builds.I got it for all four of these reasons and I am not disappointed. Some sellers offer unlock codes, some have it unlocked out of the box, but most likely you'll be able to use it outside of T-Mobile US without much fuss or extra cost on your part.The keyboard is comfortable compared to similar phones of its generation, and moreover has plenty of space for more advanced users to modify its mappings with extra symbols or special key behaviour; even when stock, it is one key away from full ASCII visible character coverage. System administrators on the go will love that.While the 800x480 AMOLED screen is kind of a downer for some who like multimedia, the 1.5GHz dual-core Krait is still respectable as midrange hardware goes these days, making this phone viable for communication and interactive entertainment alike.As I am running a custom ROM, I cannot reliably and accurately discuss software or battery life in all respects, but on my end the battery can run out quickly if you're not careful. Regardless of software, as with all AMOLED screens lighter visuals require more power, so stick to dark wallpapers and themes if you can stomach them.Given the state of affairs in the cellphone manufacturing industry, I will probably be stuck on this phone for a long, long time, but at least it's a phone I'm perfectly happy with.

I am happy with my new phone. Its easy to operate has all the features l need and its the right size for my pocket

I have been disappointed in the past with the discontinuing of touchscreen phones with keyboard but this has a nice keyboard, a recent version of android and a reasonably fast CPU.

Great phone. The screen has great color accuracy, very high contrasts in the blacks (where real black is actually unlit), and is readable in the sunlight. The processor is more than responsive enough for all the apps I've run. Android 4.1 is responsive, streamlined, and a great OS for productivity. The camera is better than middle ground. Pictures are clean in mid to low light. The speakers are stereo, but the holes are oddly placed, leading to accidental coverage by fingers holding the phone. The same can be said about the receiver hole. You can accidentally cover it while looking at the screen. Calls are clear and loud. The keyboard is fair, but the keys are too close to the keyboard surface. But they are still faster than using the screen, especially for strong passwords. Overall, the best slider of its generation.
