
The Samsung Galaxy S III is a very good phone for virgin mobile. It easy to operate and all android market apps work just fine. Android market is not the best like apple apps store which have every apps you need.

Just got this phone from you guys and my camera doesn't work anymore its not craxled

This is not for people who has AT&T service. It doesn't have Sim Card. You can't put in sim card. It's not working at AT&T. Be care for it.

This phone is the best! Really amazing phone! It is very fast and reliable. I recommend to everybody wanting a good phone.

The phone works fine and is actually fast on the 4g network.  It works well and I am very happy with it.I only wish that it didn't have so much hard plastic. Other than that it's a good phone.

good morning greetings, I wonder if that phone is released, I mean international version to be used in any country .... I hope to answer ... thanks

I would recommend this phone. Communication was clear and it browses the web fast. It was not too big or too small--medium size screen-- and I could easily cradle it.

I picked this phone after researching what Virgin Mobile phones were good and from feedback from friends with this phone.  When comparing my phone with my friends' S IIIs, it was pretty obvious this phone had some defects, and I'm hoping it is a one-off since I just reordered a new one to replace this one.  My 3 biggest complaints: 1. Data (3G/4G) doesn't work 2. when texting, the auto-correct corrected almost all of my words and all numbers that I typed in correctly initially.  Sometimes the auto-correct changes them to words that don't exist.  3. Apps kept malfunctioning and closing on me. On the plus, the clarity of phone calls was great.  I'll follow up on my review once I get my new phone.

Best phone I have owned so far. I like it.

Okay, so this is the first smart phone I've ever had. Everyone and their mother seem to rave about how great the Samsung Galaxy is (I mean, it started with the first one and the clamor has only gotten louder with each new generation). Even my brother, who is a techie I trust implicitly, sang this phone praises, mainly for its android roots but still. For my first smart phone, I wanted nothing but the best, and it came down to this phone or the iPhone 4 for Virgin Mobile, and even though I have more experience with Apple products, namely the iTouch that I can't bear to part with, I chose the Galaxy. And it was a very stupid mistake.THE GOODDon't get me wrong, it's a decent phone. Here's why:(1)Its larger screen makes browsing the internet or reading or even playing Candy Crush a better experience. It's fairly light and thin.(2)The display is crisp and clear, and it takes decent pictures.(3)The audio is loud and clear, even though the speaker is on the back of the phone and therefore you can't have it lying face up if you want to hear your alarm or the phone ringing.(4)The best thing about this phone is how *fast* it is. I guess I've gotten to the point where I'm used to touch screen devices (NOOK HD, iTouch, etc.) that take an hour to load facebook, so I was in shock about how quickly this little guy can load a web page.(5)Beyond that, it's fairly easy to use.(6)It's easy to put itunes songs on it! If you look online, there are hundreds of converters that they tell you are necessary, but they aren't. It's far simpler than that!(7)Access to far more decent and free apps than the iPhone.It's sounds pretty good, right? Well...THE BADNow the ugly.(1)The battery. Omfg the battery. Even when you do all the little battery saving tricks (i.e. running only one program at a time, closing the others by using task manager, keeping the brightness at the lowest, turning off the wireless when not using it, turning off the GPS, using power save, etc.), it still doesn't last more than 18 hours. It's such an awkward length of time. I mean, you can't charge it every night when it's at 40%, but then if you don't charge it that night, then by morning it will be at like 2%. Now I understand why people are always charging their smart phones everywhere they go. The battery is inconvenient, true, but that's not the worst of it, either.(2)The worst of it is the overheating. All it takes is 15 minutes on your phone, and the stupid thing will get so hot it will just shut down. Randomly. Or freeze and then shut down. Really? 15 minutes? And I wouldn't recommend even checking your phone for messages when it's charging! I'm surprised it hasn't blown up yet. And you need to be careful about what case you put on the Samsung Galaxy too, because it will overheat even faster!The rest of my complaints are me just being nitpicky.(3)The fact that the phone doesn't turn on automatically when you set your alarm (which would be useful since if you want the phone to last 2 days, you need to have it off at night).(4)The volume control is ridiculous. There's an individual volume for everything. So if you turn down the volume on the phone (pressing the side bar) to silent, and then you open an App, let's say Farm Heroes, then instead of being silent, the game music will start blasting. So you have to turn that down too. Really? Why wouldn't there be a master volume control? If the ring is silenced, don't you think everything else should be on silent, too?(5)Also you can choose individual tone for a call, but the alert sound for text message, facebook message, email, etc. is one. You can't change it to differentiate between what kind of message you are receiving. I mean, you can, if you download something and do all this extra stuff that doesn't involve just opening settings and going to audio, like you should.(6)The brightness. Unless you are always outside, the display brightness should be on the lowest setting, and even that is too bright. That's probably why it overheats so much and why the battery drains by the second. Why is it so bright? It's completely unnecessary.So there you have it. It's a good enough phone as long as you don't "overuse it," as my brother says (playing Candy Crush during my 15 minute break at work shouldn't count as "overusing it", by the way but it does with this phone). It serves well as a tiny, pocket sized computer when you're out and about. Amazon usually has it for a decent price, and Virgin Mobile has good service in my area. I don't talk on the phone much, so the $35 a month plan is pretty darn amazing for unlimited data.

I am moving from S2,i love samsung phones,have had s2 over 2 years and it is still flawless,the s3 even faster

The best phone ever !!!but to expensivei would recommend this to anyone the only thing that sucks is my area does not have the 4g lte so thats pointless for now

Great phone

My wife and daughter have this phone and they love it. It takes good pics and has a brilliant display

I love this phone I am a big fan of the Galaxy. ...buy them if you want a great product.

I have used an Iphone before and I prefer this over the Iphone.  The camera is very nice.  The screen is clear.

side button came off as it was rubber and button tore off while removing it from pocket. battery life could be better. takes great pics and display is great.

It took a bit to get used to the size but I absolutely love this phone from batterylife to storage space on the actualphone.  I have little if anything bad to say about it.

This is a awesome Virgin Mobile phone and great it is just perfect for me and my needs worth the price.

The phone worked great... until KitKat OS was pushed to it.  Now its primary function as a phone is barely useful.  I can hardly hear anyone that calls due to the popping and crackling in the speaker.  I can't even talk to customer service, because I can't understand the automated phone menu to navigate to a CSR.  Thanks android or Samsung.  $250 in phone and accessories rendered useless with an update.

This is a Wonderful phone I love it. I'm able to play all my favorite apps, watch movies, and  videos it's awesome.  No issues at all with it.

I've never had to look at the book.  This phone is very intuitive to use.  Has a bright big screen.  Once I downloaded a battery saver I can play with it all day and still have juice.  Also very happy with Virgin Mobile Service $45 a month for unlimited everything and no stupid contracts.  Happy happy happy.

perfect phone. nothing to complain abut. easy to use. will recommend it.thin and effective. great coverage here in Florida.

I love my new Samsung Galaxy III :D it's very user friendly and has more gadgets and apps than I expected! It's beautiful, well built and reliable. I use it everyday for many things from emails, texts, phone calls, writing notes, keeping up with my calendar to playing games!! It's my constant companion. I learn new things that it can do everyday!

Been using Virgin Mobile for couple years & had an HTC One V & while it was adequate, just wanted a bigger phone so when the price of the S3 went down, jumped on it. Was supposed to be an easy swap to transfer my ph # to the new ph via Virgin's website but not so. Had to call a live advisor to accomplish this which was fine & luckily I have a landline that I could use. Otherwise, would've been up a creek without a paddle since trying to do the swap via internet made the HTC ph inoperable! As for features of the S3, it's alright. Love the style, the lightness of the ph, took a while to get the hang of the back button being so close to the bottom right of the phone. One thing I did discover is that after the phone is activated & you want to do the Android system upgrade, make sure you have a wi-fi connection or it won't complete! I opted not to use Chrome but Firefox instead. Also use Malwarebytes. One thing's for sure, the S3 is much faster with downloads & everything in general compared to the HTC. Nice phone overall. Also, was used to having the option to download more wallpaper & took me a few to figure out where to go on the net to find one I liked & how to save it to the phone; just find the wp & then press your finger on the image long enuff to bring up the dropbox & click save image.

One thing I missed - no sim card, so the phone is trash if you want to switch providers from Virgin Mobile. I figured it came equipped with a sim card from Virgin, but no, I wish that this was stated clearly in the description. I did have to download an alternate keyboard, since unlike S2, no comma on the main keyboard screen - my pet peeve. No complaints with Virgin or the phone thus far, I registered it online upon arrival and had immediate service.

I love this phone.  It is way ahead of the motorola triumph that I had before I got this.  More internal storage than I will ever need.  The battery life is good compared to what I was used to.  You can't go wrong with this phone.

Shopcelldeals got my new phone to me faster than the anticipated delivery date. The package arrived in good condition and contained everything that I ordered and expected. And best of all, the pfone is GREAT! I have an associate manager that works for me that has had an S3 for awhile and won't give it up. He had the opportunity to trade up to a S5 and refused! If you are in the market for a new device, this is the company to buy it from.

I switched from the galaxy s2 and completely was amazed with the difference. I'm now a huge fan of samsung galaxy s series and will continue to watch the next big thing

i lost my phone so i bought a new one and upgraded to the SIII, i love the camera and the battery life is great as long as there isn't an app draining it. It's easy to use and the only thing i don't like is the auto correct text. I've only had the phone for about a month and i bought one for my husband and he loves it so far too.

Hello, I want to know if I can change the mobil I bought one that can be used in Venezuela because the 3G CDMA / EVDO Rev A/4G LTE WiMAX technology is no longer used in Venezuela. Do I want to know if you can forward the product to the store and make some cash back? or if they can sell me one using chip. thanks

I love this phone the great pictures that it takes and how easy it is to share them with friends and family.

I ended up getting this for 259 because of a black Friday week deal. What a deal! I got this for my wife and she loves it. We have not had any problem with Virgin Mobile either. I see it is on Virgin mobile website for 319 and now it is 299 on amazon.

I picked this phone up about a week ago as a replacement for my dying LG Optimus Elite.  I absolutely love this phone.  My biggest issue with my last phone was the constand freezing, lagging, etc when opening multiple apps.  It was really frustrating.  The S3 on the other hand handles everything I throw at it with ease.Pros:- User interface is very sleak and easy to navigate.- The music player has a great layout and a built-in eq.  The sound quality is really good too.- The size...bigger than the iphone but not too big that you can't navigate with one hand.- The drop-down pane makes navigation easy with all the most important settings at your fingertips (wifi, bluetooth, sound, etc)- S-Voice, Android's Seri alternative is pretty useful (I use it to set my alarms)- Options, options, options.  There are so many different uses/settings for this phone...way too many to mention.  I'm still learning my way around it.Cons- Battery will last for a day, but it's nice to have a charger handy.  Be sure to download a battery saver app as they come in handy.- Because of the wealth of differerent setting, you need to give yourself a few days/weeks to fully learn everything this phone can do.  Not really a con once you get comfortable with it though.I considered an iPhone through Virgin Mobile, but after using the Galaxy, I'm a customer for life.

Enjoying phone.  Large screen, quick response, great internal memory, all that I was loiking for in a phone, very pleased with phone.

I had an LG Optimus Elite and it finally died.  I was torn between getting an IPhone and this phone.  After reading reviews for both phones, I purchased the Samsung Galaxy SIII and am so glad I did!  The screen is large and so clear. It is thin and very lightweight. Since my prior phone was an Android, I didn't have that much of a learning curve as I'm sure I would have with an IPhone. I charge my phone overnight and the charge lasts me all day.  So far, so good.  Very happy with my purchase.

I was disappointed when the price dropped I wasn't compensated for the difference. The phone was purchased new but I was having difficulty the reception which callers cannot hear my voice so I had to purchase insurance and have the new phone exchanged. Never purchase a phone from Amazon. Amazon does not refund tax or shipping please be advised.

I had to purchase a new s3 since I had broken my first one's lcd screen...the repair with repair would have been about $220. I opted to buy another phone off Amazon for $220 and it came the next day. It works like a charm!

The phone works great! Im glad I invested into it. Now I just cant wait until I start to buy all the toys for it

Let's get to the point and not waste any time with a complete breakdown. This is simply the best phone out for Virgin Mobile. Everything about this phone, is excellent.Until they launch the S4, this is what you should own. Done.

Great phone....no issues of over heated battery, drag on graphics or web browsing.Did a lot of research before buying an waited to all fixes to be done

Phone has a mind of its own quite often.  It's getting annoying.  Apps don't work half the time because of buffering or something.  I live in good reception area so I think it's an issue with the phone.  Not sure though, hard to say.  Definitely try something cheaper with Virgin Mobile first to make sure you like their service before buying something like this.

Should have done my homework.  I ordered this Samsung Siii due to all the great reviews, but for one other use - - to use it as a hotspot for my laptop in certain situations.  I signed up for my number today and got on board and everything appeared to be running great...even the new update 4.3.  However, I found out through a Virigin Mobile rep that the Siii cannot be used as a hotspot.  He tried, but he kept getting an error message tell him that the Siii was not able to perform such a service....it was a big surprise to the rep who apologized, but that was about all he could do.  It's probably going to go back to Amazon since the hotspot thing is a deal killer for me.  How sad!  Should have called first, but who would have thunk?????  Roger

Pros: Very fast and easy to use interface, screen is vivid and crisp.  Call quality is above average.  Rarely an issue that requires a restart.  Lightweight, slim profile.  The speaker sounds great.  Apps load quickly.Cons:  You have to manage resources to get all day battery life, there are no music controls from the lock screen, the 8mp camera takes average pictures (HTC One V was better), the flash is bright white (very little warmth).  Shutter sounds are surprisingly/unnecessarily loud (I get the law requires sound to be mandatory but not at a 9/10, HTC One V was at a 5/10).No hotspot yet, but VM said they would implement it soon.  You will not be disappointed with this phone, it's a true smartphone in every sense of the word.  Just needs a bit more refining.

I purchased the S3 not long after it was released on VM, and should have written a review sooner. I'm not going to write detailed review of all the pros & cons as that has been done, but this is by far the best & smoothest running smartphone I have ever owned, and at the present time the best phone on VM, by far Sorry Apple fans, even though VM has the IPhone 5S, this phone beats it by a mile, and also has expandable memory as well as a removable battery, 2 things which Apple refuses to include on any of their phones, even though they have been standard on most other smartphones for years. This is apparently because they have not figured out a good way to increase profits by including them(without seeming too obvious i.e. their lightning cable). I won't ever buy another Apple product again anyway. The manipulative way they conduct business, and the methods they use, in an attempt to control & profit over as much of the entire ownership period as possible, seems as though it should be more apparent to a larger number of people. I digress though.The S3 very rarely, if ever acts "buggy" like all of my past phones have on a fairly regular basis. It is very intuitive to use on a basic level, which will be fine for most people. But, there are also so many other useful features that you should explore. I've had the phone for about 5 months already, and I still discover useful tools all the time. I'm just hoping the S4 comes to Virgin Mobile relatively soon.

Amazing, took me around 10 min to fully activate (phone transfer ). This is an upgrade from a Kyocera rise.  This is only my second day with it but it's going well.Fits and feels nice, a lot is available for personalization. Battery life is a problem, which is to be expected from the size of the battery and the amount of power the phone has.  Cameras great,  there are a few annoying manufacturer apps,  but they can be ignored.

Powerful Phone with tons of useful features- but just as I feared- the battery life gets eaten up very rapidly.  Even with power saving mode on it was difficult to get through the day.  If you're a heavy phone user, be aware of battery life.  Other than this, the phone is incredible.

I love, love, love this phone!  With Virgin Mobile, you don't have that many options and I REFUSE to buy an IPhone.  The SIII is very fast and easy to use.  Well worth the money! Thanks!

Best galaxy out there in my opinion i really love it does so many things i never thought where possible

I always like Virgin Mobile phones and the rates. But I love my new phone and wouldn't trade it for anything. I loved it so much that i bought my daughter one. This is my knew love and will spread the word to who ever will listen.

This is a very good phone for the money! I bought a case for it, a must, to protect it if dropped. I actually accidentaly dropped it in the toilet, grabed it super quick, wiped with towel and blew out the charger and headphone holes quickley. The phone still works perfectly! Ther case sealled up the battery split so well that no water got in.  It is amazing, I so so freaked, but great phone. Get the case for it!

Great phone. The Amazon price is a lot cheaper than what Virgin Mobile asks for.

Of course I drooled over the latest and greatest Samsung Galaxy S5, but when I got my S3, all that went out the window. A spectacular phone. Beautiful and speedy. I can't praise it enough!

This is a great phone. Light and perfect size. Screen big enough to see but able to carry in pocket.

I wanted this phone since it came out over a year ago.  I don't like contracts and so happy now that companies like Virgin are giving you amazing phones like this. I see you can actually buy S4 now for no contract cell phones.  One thing and only one thing so far wasn't crazy about i'm sure you read is the plastic back on this, it's very cheap and very, very thin.  I was afraid to take it off that it might break.  The phone is amazing!  I've already watched movies(which picture is as amazing as your flat screen TV). I'm still learning the phone and can't wait to learn more

Everything is flawless, runs smooth the screen holds up to its gorilla glass standard i've had the phone a month now and not a single scratch. defiantly worth the money

I have been a Virgin Mobile customer for many years and I have to say that this phone performs as well as phones from better carriers. It's features and internal storage far surpass any other VM phone that I have ever owned. The price is the same as on the Virgin Mobile site, but the VM site had a hefty shipping fee. If you are considering a Virgin Mobile Galaxy S3, buy it from Amazon! You will love it!

I love my s3. It was very cheap And brand new. I haven't had any problems yet. Worth $260 (:

That you can use this phone for free. By using WiFi to go online. And using the free manic jack app make call anywhere for free. I found out cause I have a two and  didn't keep any plan. Free everything on that phone only thing no 3g. Does e everyone else know this?

At first I did NOT want to get it, I heard mixed reviews on how the battery, the life and everything was horrible.I bought it because it was on sale for about 200 on Amazon and it was THE BEST decision so far! The camera is amazing, the quality of the product is outstanding, battery is a bit meh but for the most part I LOVE THE PHONE! Yeah it will lag once in a while but samsung has taken care of me and for Virgin Mobile 35 a month is amazing!

I upgraded from LG slider and it is a huge improvement!  It actually responds to my touch and it is really fast.  I was sad to a keyboard but I've gotten use to the touch keyboard quickly, it helps that the screen is so big so the keys are hard to fat finger.

I'm very satisfied with this phone

Since purchasing this phone my screen cracked and two off my friends screens cracked.  It's a fantastic phone,  but easily broken. Customer service has been fantastic.

The phone isn't unlocked i can't change the sim card. Probably was my mistake to buy this phone, anyway was a waste of money

Very poor, quality,not getting 4g lte charging port is about to break, already cracked, only had for 3 days. Will be returning item

this phone is excellent it was for my daughter and she is very pleased with it I recommend it to anyone .

I am having my S3 with verizon, it really sucks. I can't find any game without lag. I had it more than half a year and I don't understand why people like it so much, everything on this phone is laggy.In conclusion, really sloppy build and 0 optimization.

I just upgraded from the LG Optimus Elite to the Samsung Galaxy S3 and couldn't be more pleased.  I'm so happy with this purchase that I even bought my mom the same phone.  This phone is awesome.  It's thin and light and the screen is huge, makes it more enjoyable to play games or go on Pinterest and Twitter.  It's got some great features I don't have any complaints.

I love this phone! As my first smart phone purchase, I wanted one that was easy to use and simple to learn. The Galaxy S III really fits the bill. And, by purchasing from the Amazon website, delivery was fast and I got a great sale price too!There are too many features to mention here, but I especially love the Speech to Text. I no longer have to type in my messages... it's like having your own personal stenographer... without the cost of hiring one! Just dictate your message and your phone does the typing for you.The large screen allows me to watch videos easily and it is easy to navigate around the Web. By syncing my other devices using Google Chrome, I keep my files up-to-date and easy to access.I highly recommend the Galaxy S III for any beginner who is concerned about ease-of-use. But, it's not just great for the beginner... the experienced smart phone owner will love it too. (Be sure to get the protective sheets to keep your screen free from dirt and fingerprints.)

This phone is awesome compared to my old kyocera rise. it has a big screen and has an  excellent operating speed.

To start off with, I want to thank Amazon. I got standard shipping and received the phone in a day and a half. Excellent shipping.Overall the phone has everything I could want and/or need. It's the best buy I've made in a while. I haven't put it down for the past 3 days... except for the times I was asleep. The battery life is okay. The camera is great and loaded with features. Setup with Virgin Mobile took &#60;10 minutes. My dad was impressed with the phone so much that he ordered the phone for himself also. (He also loves his phone) When I took it to school I had 2 people who said they'd drop their current phones to get my phone they were so impressed with its features. I suggest you buy this phone, you WON'T be disappointed.

This phone is perfect I had it almost a week and its just great just as the seller described brand new right out the box with headphones  I would buy from them agian

way better than the S2

No worries purchasing this item (I bought 2 of them - one for me, one for the wife).Set up was a snap (go online to active it through Virgin - it will save you time and hassle).

It's hard to review this phone since I have had some problems with it. In fairness, I think it may be more of a Samsung issue than a Galaxy SIII issue. My friend has the same exact phone and provider and has had zero problems with any aspect of her phone. She lives in an ever-so-slightly more urban area than I do so I wondered if my super poor reception was due to distance from towers. Well my mother lives in the same city as her (I live and work in a township just outside that city) and I have the same problems no matter where I am. I live and work in normal locations so I don't understand why I always have zero to one smidge of a bar. A flash of full bars will appear and instantly disappear from time to time, without me even moving the phone. I get dropped calls all the time. Sitting in bed, sitting at my desk at work, standing in my kitchen.. This almost never happened with my VZW service and Droid Razr. When I am on speakerphone, (which I am for most phone calls unless I am in public) it has a weird feedback noise. I have researched this on the web and found no working solutions. I have tried adjusting the call and sound settings; nothing helps. It isn't the speaker because I can watch a video and get crystal clear sound. It's just when using speakerphone. I don't know what else to do to try and correct the problem but I may be stuck with these problems just so I don't have to go back to paying $200 a month with a contract.

I was debating between upgrading to an iPhone or the Samsung.  I previously was using a 3 year old LG &#34;smart&#34; phone that wouldn't work half the time because the internal memory was full and I couldn't transfer enough stuff to my 32GB card.  I was able to transfer my card from my old phone to this one without issue.  I was able to dl a bunch of apps that I would NEVER have been able to use on my old phone.  The phone is much bigger than my last (which I initially didn't like) but I actually am happy about now!  I was able to find a leather case with a clip so I can clip it on my pocket and don't have to worry about having a huge phone in my pocket!  I can toss it in my purse or carry it on me without worrying about cracking the screen, etc.  I have a tablet that I previously would use every once in a great while for the kindle app but since I didn't have it with me all the time, I didn't really use it that often and when I would think about it, it wouldn't be charged.  I use my phone all the time with the kindle app!  I use it for the grocery shopping app too.My old phone - I purchased for the ability to do voice to text but it would NOT recognize ANYTHING I said!  It was horrible!  I don't have a thick accent (just a nasally mid-western one) and it wouldn't work.  I have been more than impressed with the Samsung voice recognition!  It is able to put everything into text that I say!  I tell it to text someone and what I want to say and it transcribes it!  When making my grocery list, I click the mic button and just tell it what to add to the list and it does!  I LOVE it!  Makes my life so much easier and much less frustrating that my old &#34;smart&#34; phone!  There are a lot of features that I haven't even touched in the month since I have upgraded but I am so happy that I did!  As far as porting from my old phone to this one, I was able to simply bluetooth my contacts to my new phone.

Love this phone! How nice it to be able do what I need on it.  Great thanks.  Thumbs up. .

I absolutely love this phone! Yes, I know it is a Galaxy S III ,but I'm not willing to pay the asking price for a SV, nor do I want a contract phone. The response time is fast, I use all the basic apps and of course there are thousands to choose from Google Play. I think this phone has enough bells and whistle to satisfy anyone unless you must have the latest gadget available, then it's not for you.

Good afternoon would make a change from a team Samsung Galaxy S III (Virgin Mobile) as I do?It is to inform you that the April 28, 2014 make a purchase of a computer Samsung Galaxy S III (Virgin Mobile), the computer is fine, but does not work in my country Venezuela since the network is CDMA upon purchase does not notice the network type and can not activate it because the network we use is GSM, and would like to help me solve this problem so the team would change Samsung Galaxy S III with GSM 9300 network. I am willing to pay the difference if necessary. The delivery was satisfactory at the time of shipment, the equipment is excellent charm me so I make this comment to help me solve please waiting for your early reply.Good morning. I'm still waiting for response team would do the return because my country does not work because the network is CDMA and GSM my country only works please I need your help to solve the problem by another teamI would like to respodieran abraham.g.r me this is my email @hotmail.com

Love this phone !

not a bad deal.

I had the Samsung Galaxy II and I constantly had problems with it freezing up on me and draining the battery before the day was out even though I didn't make calls most of time. the S III is much quicker and sleeker and the battery doesn't drain as fast as the S II. Before on the S II I had to recharge it by 7 or 8 at night during the week so it only held for 13 or 14 hours. With the S III, I can go all the way to bedtime and most of the time I still had 20 or 25 % left on the battery.

My first smart phone, and I love it.  I wish they would include a users manual, but I am downloading that from Samsung.

thank u  I got it as soon soon as posibleim happy with it :)

This is an awesome phone,  plain and simple.  Easy to use.  Perfect size:  fits in my hand, and because the screen is so big,  I'm able to use it one-handed. I love having being able to surf the web,  Facebook,  check/compose emails, even do stuff like buy from Amazon- all from my phone.  I was looking at getting the iPhone 4s, but my hubby said I should get this instead- SO glad I did!  Its bigger, faster, and has a better camera than his iPhone :)

The phone is amazing.  I've been an Apple user since the 3G and decided to convert to android b/c of the cost of the phones.  I am not disappointed as the system works well and the S3 is a really nice, high quality phone.  I love the larger screen size (my last phone was the iphone 4s) and any app I have on iOS is available on google.I'm glad I finally made the switch and overall it was very painless.  I am also enjoying Virgin Mobile b/c of the savings I'm getting compared to regular cell phone contracts.The price of this S3 is also a good deal when compared to buying an S4 or S5 as well for many of the same features as I've been able to update to the latest android version of kitkat.

Big phone for my little hands, but works great so far. I'm sure this phone can do more than I am actually using it for. Not to tech savvy so I cant review apps and such. The picture's are great and colorful. The sound seems to be good and loud enough. The draw pattern unlock screen does not respond to great, I have to tap on the screen before I start to draw my unlock pattern.

Easy set up, sleek phone, not much difference from the S4 I notice. I'll update if anything goes horribly wrong.

Love my galaxy siii. Best phone that I have ever had the pleasure in owning. Makes me want to go out and get more samsung products

The phone is great. I absolutely love this phone. I just wish that I got it sooner than I did.

purchased this phone on thursday, checked virgins website today and saw that it wal listed for 225.  tried to ask amazon to price match but they refuse.  now i get to buy the phone from virgin mobile and send the amazon phone back because aparently it makes more sense to lose a sale then to price match a competitor. save yourself money and the hassel and buy the phone from virginmobile.com insteadwent to best buy today and they were more than happy to match the virginmobile.com price.  Amazon was very efficient with my return though.

The price is a little much for me, but features and long term use warrant that. The worst thing about this phone is the battery life.

This phone does not work in my country ... Venezuela's only network (gsm) I want to send a customizable phone (gsm) and that this data does not notice this little detail

typical S3, nothing wrong with it so far, have had it about a month. Same price as virgin mobile and got it faster so it was a better deal to get it from amazon

By far the best phone available on Virgin Mobile as of right now! Awesome phone for the price and low monthly phone bills.

this is a great product especially for 239 and no contract with virgin mobile. in the description it said that it was used but it is not it is brand new great buy

This is a review for the Virgin Mobile Samsung Galaxy SIII phone.  Keep in mind that I am a &#34;light&#34; phone user and only use a couple of apps.  I probably don't use many of the fancier features of this phone.Overall, I love this phone.  I bought two - one for me and one for my wife.  We both love it and find ourselves relying on the phone more often every day for calendars, books, audio, apps, etc..  We are always a few years behind the tech curve (on purpose), so even thought the Galaxy SIII is now an &#34;old&#34; model, it still serves our purposes very well.It is a big phone which has its pluses and minuses.The camera is average, not great.  In good lighting it does well; in average or poor lighting, it's not very good.  We like that it has front and rear facing cameras.  We can Skype directly from our phones.Battery life is very good.Overall, I recommend it!

I had a Samsung Galaxy Reverb before this.  I can see why the S3 was their flagship phone.  It may be  a few years old, but it's still a great phone and well worth the extra money.  The screen is bright and vivid, and I haven't had any of the slowness I did with my old phone.

Would have rated it zero stars if I could. The phone stopped charging after a week of use. Called Samsung about having it repaired under warranty. Their service department decided it was to expensive to fix, that it would cost more to fix than replace but they would not replace to phone under their warranty. Phone is over very poor quality if it can't last a week under light usage. And for Samsung to not honor the One year warranty is reprehensible. Please save yourself the aggravation, do not buy any products from this company.

The Samsung Galaxy III has been a wonderful phone for me. If I have any complaints, the size of the device it's a little big fir my hands, but I'm rather petite. Otherwise, I love everything about it.The graphics are crisp, clear and detailed. Thus phone takes great photos. Call quality is also excellent. The speed of the phone is also great; I haven't had any problems with processing or waiting on apps.Past phones I have owned, from Virgin Mobile makes to LG, have not been 100% satisfactory, but that's not the case with my new Galaxy III. I am so glad I decided to pay for this phone. It was a bit more expensive than others offered fir Virgin Mobile service, but it has been well worth it.

I like the larger screen and keypad.from my other phone the camera produces crisp and clear photos and an all  over an easy to use phone

I love this phone.  Probably because, firstly, I love Samsung products.  All my TVs and monitors are Samsung, I have a Samsung Tablet and I've had Samsung phones in the past.  For the last year I've been suffering with a cheapy brick on Virgin Mobile, but have been looking for a Google Wallet (NFC) phone for ages.When I saw this on a super Black Friday deal on Amazon, I nearly flipped at the price and bought it straight away!  I even got a free cover for it (not really the cover I wanted, but it will do for now).It has so many features that I'm sure I'm not using, it will take me a while to discover everything.I thought the battery would last longer, but it's not a deal breaker.

This phone is really good.  And the price is pretty good for what you get...the absolute best feature of this phone is the camera... 8.0 mp camera takes really crisp pretty pictures.The phone get's 4g service where I'm located so I'm thinking the antenna is pretty decent on it since I live in the sticks.

This phone is an awesome device. The only down side to this phone is the battery life. This phone isn't meant for the heavy user.

I really love this phone. I upgraded from a galaxy s III, and so glad I did. Definitely worth the investment.

I love this phone. Lots of &#34;horsepower&#34;. It doesn't stutter or freeze, it gets a stronger signal compared to my last phone at any given location. It easily runs my favorite app &#34;Waze gps&#34; and it looks great in my new case from paiproducts.comIt also shipped very quickly.Thank you

I love the value of using Virgin Mobile.  The downside, of course, is you have to buy your own phone.  Putting that aside, I love this phone...I've only had it a month and still learning to use it.  So far, I love all it's features and highly recommend it.  I'd like the S4 but Virgin doesn't have it yet.  So far no complaints..

It's not the phone but the service. My time has ran out and they won't let me add anymore money to my account and won't allow me in. Total bs. Buy a t mobile phone and pay $40 a month for the same service. Don't waste your time with virgin mobile.

Was so happy to find the great deal Amazon had on this phone. Fast shipping and phone is overall one of my favorite phones owned. Switched from iPhone 4s and will never go back!

if u r paying for a contract u r a fool , for 1/8 the cost of the contract u can get on a pre pay plan and get the samsung great deal and works fine .

The phone is excellent. I did experience a problem. I already had a Virgin Mobile account. When performing the upgrade to this phone my ability to send text messages was disabled. It took 4 levels of help from the Virgin Mobile help desk to figure out the problem was on their end, not the phone's fault. Once that was fixed, it's worked perfectly.

Even though its behind with new phones, this phone is still AWESOME! Its fast!Get this phone! You won't regret it.

Every thing was fine.

I have been with Virgin Mobile for 3 years and love the no contract plan.  When Amazon had the Samsung Galaxy S3 on sale I could not pass up the sale.  This phone is 100 time better than my LG Optimus.  So far after 1 week there is no complaints.  I do manage to make my battery last for 2 days, as I add more apps I know it will drain my battery much faster.

My thoughts on VM can be summed up by the following email I got from VM when I asked why you can't tether or use your phone as a mobile wifi hotspot:"Our plans include data services, such services are provided solely for purposes of web browsing, messaging, and similar activities. You are responsible for all data activity from and to your mobile phone or device regardless who initiates the activity. You may not use the data service for tethering your mobile hone to a personal computer or other hardware."We reserve the right to limit, suspend or terminate without notice any misuse of our network or violation of these Terms of Service."In other words: We cripple your internet experience so that you'll buy our more expensive mobile tethering device (which a completely separate service, not even available with pay-as-you-go) and if we catch you trying to use the internet you've paid for on anything other than our phone we'll terminate your service.So much for unlimited internet!

Pros:Camera is pretty great.Screen size is good.Non voice-call related features of the phone were very good.Cons:Voice quality was very tinny.Virgin network coverage leaves a lot to be desired.Overall:I think a bit overpriced for the network it's attached to.  Unlimited data sounds great in theory, but not very useful if the coverage is too slow/spotty to be useful.I had an iPhone 5 on Verizon through work, and phone for phone I think the Samsung performed admirably in many respects, with the notable exceptions of voice quality and network coverage.  While GPS tracking worked fine, it was near impossible to find a consistent signal to stream music while running or driving.  I live in a major metro, and I'm not really a power user, so I wasn't getting throttled for using too much data.  Also, a biggie for a &#34;phone,&#34; the voice quality was fairly awful.  It was difficult to hear people, and for them to hear me on a consistent basis.I dropped this phone and broke it, and instead of buying another, I went with a smart phone (Moto G) on Verizon's prepaid plan.  $10 more a month, but the phone was a third of the price.  Admittedly not as awesome on all points as this phone, but it now works for the primary uses outside of camera that I actually use a phone for:  Network coverage and voice quality.

For the non tech head wanna be power user this phone can do everything that you need it to do, and it does it fast....  The 3G connection is so so in my area for downloads, but out and about I have lightning fast 4G speeds... I like to watch TV via hulu on my pc, I can do this quite well on the SIII phone in BOTH 3G AND 4G land;  3G is slower yes, but it does work....  I'd recommend this phone as a real value because price/feature performance...

I've had this phone for a couple of weeks now and I have had no problems.  I had to spend a couple hours figuring out how to root it to get the most out of it but I think that it was worth it.  The battery life on this thing has been very generous for me.  Even with moderate use it would at the very least last from early in the morning to bedtime without needing to be charged.  For the apps that I tend to use (productivity, music, videos, light games ala clash of clans) it functions extremely well.  The price seems to be dropping and dropping.  It was 199 when I bought it two weeks ago and now it's 190.  I think that is a steal for a phone like this!  I have had great calls, my area has good LTE coverage.. I guess the only thing I would recommend is that if you're having trouble with battery life make sure to turn off things like your data, wifi, location, etc if you're not using it.  Have a battery saving app to help you with it.Have fun!

I love it! Great phone and ONLY compatible with virgin mobile which was exactly what I was looking for. For the price i paid for it being brand new in the box you can't go wrong buy it! Be sure to call Sir Richard lol you'll see what I mean when you get it lol

Liked the general performance and feel of the phone, although it was a bit slow . Unfortunately had to return phone because callers could not hear a word I was saying. When I researched this problem online I discovered it is a very common problem with no known fix.

works great

I got this phone earlier this week and it worked long enough for me to switch out my LG on VIRGIN MOBILE. As soon as I did that the phone shut down and would not power back on. Had to switch the phones back and sync my accounts (Google, Drop Box, etc) again. This phone got here in one day...The replacement that was ordered on Tuesday has not even shipped as of TODAY (Friday 7/11)

I love this phone, It has been the best phone I have ever had. I even use it with my SMART TV as a remote!

Phone is great.  Only after I purchased did I will realize the the reason that there are no roaming fees IS BECAUSE THE PHONE DOES NOT WORK ON ANY NETWORK OTHER THAN SPRINT.  I was left with NO NETWORK connection quite a bit.  So phone is a good smart phone - &#34;five star&#34;.  The service through VIRGIN MOBILE is a &#34;one star&#34;deal.

bout this phone and did not know that it was CDMA and CDMA phones do not work in my country i havent pulled or use the phone i just take the back cover off and realize that their was no port for sim cards

I love this phone!  The 4G LTE is blazing fast.  I have reached speeds of 23 Mbps download, and 5.80 Mbps upload.  However, the 3G is terribly slow.  It takes minutes for a website to load in the phone's browser.  The call quality is great - loud and clear.  The screen is absolutely beautiful.  The colors look so rich and vibrant.  The text is amazingly clear and easy on my eyes.  On my Galaxy S II, the text tended to look blurry and pixelated at times.  The GPS works fine.  I have not had a problem yet.  The phone itself is speedy fast.  Apps open and appear quickly.Although, I love this phone, there are two things on this phone that really bother me.  The physical &#34;home&#34; button.  One, it's really stiff.  I have to press down really hard on it with great effort.  Is it just my phone or does anybody else have a stiff &#34;home&#34; button where it takes great effort to press down on it?  I hope I don't get Carpel Tunnel.  The other problem with the home button is the lag issue that others have mentioned. The lag doesn't really bother me; it's the stiffness of the button that does.All in all, I'm 99% satisfied with this phone.  If it weren't for the physical &#34;home&#34; button being so stiff and hard to press, this phone would be a perfect 10 - 100%.

had it for a month now. internet could be faster, but with the price i'm paying, i'm not complaining. good device with ok speed.

Best phone

every salesman out there tried to get me to upgrade to the s4 and s5 but all my friends in the silicon valley who are tech savvy ALL said don't bother just get the s3 it's good enough for the average person and that the s4 has bells and whistles that i will never end up using so why spend the extra money. i am 110% happy with my s3 and highly recommend it.

I replaced an HTC One which was my first smart phone. I wanted something a little bigger (screen) and faster. The SIII is that and more. Call me naive but I am amazed at the technology and what it allows me to do. If I had any wish about it, it would be a longer lasting battery. It is my constant companion. I suppose improvements are always coming out, but to be sure this SIII is pretty amazing. And it doesnt hurt that the monthly Virgin Mobile subscription is just $35 per month. Boolah.

I love this phone. And the Virgin Mobile no contract plan is incredible. I was using a Motorola Atrix 4G on AT&T, but this phone is nicer and costs me about half the price. I'm so glad to be out of my AT&T contract and I use the features of my new SIII without having to worry about my cell phone billl breaking my bank account.

I found out this phone could be flashed for it so I bought it. At first I bought a "New" Galaxy S3 on Ebay and it came in a generic box with a different charger and no instructions AND it was more than this one, so back it went. I found this one on Amazon for cheaper in a sealed package. Thanks Virgin Mobile... Oh yeah and the phone is excellent of course since it is a Samsung.

The phone is great! Arrived on time with no issues and was packaged very well. My only problem with the entire situation is that the phone will overheat with excessive use.

Does not hold charge well and voice connection is sometimes garbled. I would expect more for the price of this phone.

It took me a little bit to figure it out, but once I did, it was great. Now I can't wait to  use it.

I cannot review the product since I mistakenly ordered the wrong phone which was unsuitable form my country. Sorry for that

This is probably one of the best electronics purchase in a long while. Amazon offered this for a shockingly low price before Black Friday and I'm glad I jumped on it.  I've had a Galaxy S2 before and was pretty happy with it though the iPhone was in general, better than the S2 in every regards. The S3 is different - I think it's better than any iPhone in every way  - especially after you update to the latest Android update (which was pushed out last week).  The S3 just feels much more modern than the S2 - the S3 was released only a year after the S2 but it just feels leaps ahead of the S2 (faster, slimmer, lighter, better looking, better screen, more accessories, etc).I can't say about service and dropped calls because that depends on your coverage. Where I live, data speed is terrible for Virgin Mobile/Sprint - takes forever just to download a text e-mail.  But when I visit my mom 90 minutes away (a very small town), service and data speed is simply stellar.

Love this phone.  It's fast, light weight and nice size screen; just right.  Had the Motorola Triumph for 2 years.  Was a good phone, but can't compere with the Galaxy S III.  Thanks to Amazon for price matching also,  I bought the phone for $299.99 from Amazon, and 4 days later it was  $249.99.  Talked with Amazon rep and they price matched.  Good job..  Happy customer.

I bought this for my wife for Christmas. It was easy to setup and transfer her phone number from her old Virgin Mobile phone. The phone itself has a lot of fancy features that her old smartphone did not have. I bought a tough case to protect it and it has been going strong since. She has to charge the battery every night but that is common with using a smartphone a lot these days.

The only issue I have with this smartphone is that the on/off button is on the right side and the volume buttons are on the left side so every time I push the on/off button, in order to grasp the phone, my other fingers hit the down volume and I end up changing the volume all the time.  They shouldn't have the buttons direction across from each other.  other than that I love the phone and the virgin mobile price for the service can't be beat.

Truley an incredible phone. Caint belive how fast this thing is. Does take a little to get use to .

This is an amazing phone. You can add extra memory with a sim card byt even the internal memory is large. The pictures are beautiful and high quality. Its also very tough. I cant even count how many times I've dropped this phone and I don't have a scratch on it. Although because its so freakin huge, when you hold someone else phone like an iPhone it seems tiny compared to yours. I personally love the size. The screen is great. Also I love how I can change the brightness and turn on and off airplane mode and wifi right from the notifications swipe thing. My last phone you had to go into the settings and change it and this phone makes it so much easier and more convient. I dont really see a downside.

Im so very happy about my phone I love it thank you Amazon for getting it to me RIGHT away! yayyyyy I will be getting a case for this soon!

I upgraded to this phone from the Samsung Galaxy Victory. It's definitely is an upgrade. Its a lot faster with downloading apps and going on the internet. It has a very nice speaker that is clear and can be turned up pretty loudly for a phone which is nice for listening to music or speaker phone calls. Its size, weight, and how thin it is, is very nice as well. It also comes with a nice headset. I would definitely recommend this phone.

I like this phone a lot, i gave it 4 stars because the first one that i got wasn't working right but amazon took care of me and sent me a replacement:)

Just the right screen size/size of the phone.  Very responsive with apps. Sharp screen resolution. Like a computer in your pocket.

Best phone on Virgin  Mobile at this time. A massive upgrade compared to anything else they offer.  It's a complete phone, there's really nothing lacking on this unit.  Were many phones  on VM  have little quirks, this phone is outstanding in all areas.

Thanks!

I think it's worth the price of admission, that being the bloatware and the imposed VM throttling, in order to get an amazing device.

Purchased a third one this year.  Get it, will not regret it.  The Apple screens are too small.  This is just the right size.  I am not a feature set guy...but the screen size makes a big difference.  Sometimes Virgin does drop the call.  Probably depends where your service areas are....

This phone is the best investment for a prepaid phone! I have had many of crappy Androids with old systems and old query slide keyboards in my time. This is the Mother ship of great investments! I pay $45 a month for unlimited texts and 300ish minuets. I use my WIFI connection mostly when I am at home and get to enjoy my radio/music apps when I am at work.This phone doses it all. I have opened over 30+ applications at the same time and it still ran like a champ. Now mind you I have a 16 GB micro SD card within this phone so it runs a tad bit faster than everything. But I am a serious gamer when it comes to apps between my racing games, candy crush, fashion story, the Sims, e-mail, music and YouTube this phone can handle it all!Super-fast, slim, pretty, and well worth the money. I hear a lot of people complain with the battery power. Here are my tips in order to handle that. I let my battery drain till it&#8217;s almost at 1-10% battery left and then charge it. I fully charge it until it&#8217;s at 100% guaranteeing me good usage for most of the day. If I uses this constantly for YouTube or Music all day expect your battery to drain faster than normal. I dim the brightness whenever I can in order to save my eyes from frying and save power. I turn off the GPS capability unless I need to use my Google maps or navigation. I use my WIFI connection whenever I can. I make sure the lock screen comes on within 15 seconds of not touching the phone and turn off some system options in order to save the battery.I have purchased a case and a screen protector so the phone is mint highly reccomend doing this. I also carry around with me the included USB charger cable to charge my phone just in case I need to. It uses a standard android charger. The box that I received is the typical Virgin Mobile box, comes with a phone, usb charger, electricity plug, and instructions. I did not see a 2GB micro SD card so make sure you get one or a higher GB card if you a gamer/music nerd like I am.Make sure you register and turn on/activate the service on your phone before you start downloading and registering your phone for everything. I made the mistake of starting games on my apps and then got my service activated had to restart and reset the phone and lost everything. Great gift for anyone or for yourself! Hope this review helps you out! I truly enjoy this phone =)

Just started virgin mobile and system is already down for a week with no notification.  Had to call on a landline to some forein call service who finally told me it was going to take a week to upgrade some antenna tower in downtown chicago.  Lame service and customer service...could care less about their customers, and can't even serve a major city.

I love my new phone. I love the Galaxy Samsung phones, makes the iPhone look like a toy. And the camera is awesome!

My daughter loves this phone

Great Value on a great phone!

Purchased for use with Virgin Mobile service.  Phone has quite a bit of flexibility and as time goes on learn to fine tune it for your own style.Fast and reliable

This phone is running android 4.1 JELLY BEAN. Not Icecream samwitch! But if you go to Virgin mobile site the Samsung S3 is running Jellybean 4.3 for the same price!

I absolutely love this phone. My first smartphone and I am proud of my decision. My brothers have iPhones, but the continuous input for texting makes communicating so much quicker! I hate having to type in letters individually with touchscreen. This definitely makes it easier and, therefore, more convenient.

I love it, so light and NOT HEAVY!! Very fast and efficient, the text is super sharp I think I'm in loveeeeeee

The phone does everything that I want it to do but you definitely need a case to protect the phone. I have no complaints about the phone and I highly recommend the phone.

Even though ive had it for less than a year and i had to replace it (under warrenty so its free) still 5 stars being its the best phone on virgin mobile and i love the split screen aps samsung lets you do so nice..

So I'm a Virgin Mobile customer.  My old LG phone quit being able to do data.  So I looked around, went into a T-Mobile store and bought an LG G2 model. It's a nice phone. The screen on the G2 is slightly bigger than the screen on the S3. Plus I had never had a fast internet phone so that was cool too.  But I had a problem porting my phone number over to T-Mobile so I decided to try sticking with Virgin Mobile, took the other phone back and purchased this S3 on Amazon. It cost 1/2 as much so that was good. Plus I stayed with my same plan and that was cheaper too. And...I really like this S3 phone. The screen is really nice and the data is still super fast. Remember I have not had a fast data phone before so I cant compare but I really like the speed so far. And of course it was super easy to transfer my phone number from my old Virgin Mobile phone to this Virgin Mobile phone. I'm very happy with the phone and with the transfer process. The phone does get a bit warm sometimes during use but it has not gotten hot while I'm using it. So I'm happy to stay with Virgin Mobile, no issues since 2008, and I'm happy with the new S3 phone, and I'm happy my phone bill is not going up any in price per month.

The ordered product arrived without any problem, but did not fulfill the expectations as to the characteristics CDMA was not mentioned that, since the device does not work with GSM technology. For this reason make a return of the same, thank you and sorry for the inconvenience caused

Works well, fast shipping

This phone does everthing I need and it does it well. I'm not even tempted to purchase an S4 or S5.

I was looking for the galaxy 4 but they do not make it for virgin mobile yet so i went with this one and i am not disappointed. i love it its fast its sleek and $35 a month with virgin mobile is a steal!!

didn't like so I am returning to my iphone. It is not as easy to use as the iphone is.

These galaxy phones are by far the best hands down, was looking into iphone but I always preferred a bigger screen. no regrets love it.

Iv Recently Bought a S3 For MyselfAt 'Best Buy' For About $300..My Dad Was Super Jelly when i had Mines..Now Being that Father Day just Passed and Iv Been Looking To buy him one a Phone on saleI Can Honestly Say That I Didnt Think Twiceabout buying the Galaxy S3 Here at 'Amazon'.The Phone is Still Awesome and Very Modern.

This is a open box item and battery is not new because I have to charge my phone twice even I did not use my phone. ,

Oh my GOSH! I have been eyeballing this phone for about six months and at one point I did buy it from Virgin Mobile but I returned it. I am SO SO SO glad I purchased it for good this time, and the Black Friday week deal just made it that much more sweet a purchase!

First, I noticed that Amazon was selling this phone for the same price as Virgin Mobile on their web site. At the time of my purchase (which I believe has changed or soon will), I saved the cost of sales tax by purchasing it here. However, in the end, it cost me more because Virgin Mobile's $70 bonus for new subscribers only applies if you purchase the phone directly from them :(For the most part, I like the phone. Android is smooth and runs well on its hardware. It's a huge step up from my LG Optimus V, in almost every conceivable way. The resolution of the 720p display is more than adequate. I really wonder if a 1080p display is just overkill (I did try out a HTC One briefly although I didn't compare them side by side). That said, the display is one of the phone weaknesses. By default (in auto), it's generally too dim. Worse, it's more or less completely unviewable in direct sunlight. It literally appears almost black. In the shade of tree cover or in a car, it's fine. I wouldn't consider this a deal breaker however, since I'm not certain any phone performs particularly well in direct sunlight (maybe the iPhone?).I've read many reviews comparing the S3 and S4 with the HTC One. Almost every reviewer praises the build quality of the HTC One while bashing the Samsungs. If this is weighing heavily on your decision when comparing these phones, I'd recommend that you watch some of the videos showing a tear down of the HTC One. I'll summarize it for you. Any kind of user repair of the HTC One (such as broken glass or battery replacement) is impossible. With the S3 the opposite is true. IMO, the build quality criticisms are grossly overstated. True, the S3 is made of plastic, but it doesn't feel cheap to me at all.I've used the S3 as a GPS using the app, Oruxmaps, and it works wonderfully. The GPS appears to be accurate when I compare my recorded tracks with the routes that I used when planning my hikes. If I put the phone in airplane mode while on my hikes (I'm outside of cell range anyway), I've had no issues with the battery lasting the entire day with the GPS tracking my every step.The most significant complaint that I have with the S3 is its camera. In a word, it stinks. It might take decent shots when your subject is bathed in abundant direct sunlight, but it yields terribly blurred photos otherwise. On my hiking trips, I've used the camera to record photo waypoints of camping sites, etc. In general, these photos lack anything like the detail you'd expect from an 8M camera, given they were photographed in the middle of a sunny day (but under the canopy of the forest).Because of the camera, if there was a better phone option for Virgin Mobile, I might be returning this phone. If you can overlook this weakness, you'll likely be very happy with the S3.

What can I say besides I love my galaxy, best phone ever, great for games, movies, and reading, all the entertainment I need. Do yourself a favor and get a 32 gig micro SD card if you're into downloading a lot or taking your movies or shows on the go, also great for storing lots of extra apps and pics. The only thing that I'm disappointed in is the fact that you have to use kies air and are no longer able to put phone in USB mode, other than that I'm a very happy camper.

A bit unresponsive, but I am just not sure if its the way I am using it.Overall its very fast and streams music over the network great.Didnt get that with my last phone, but this one does it VERY well.

Everything i expected and more. My other phone kept crashing so i was really happy when this one ofcourse didnt crash. i like it that it has a lot of memory on the phone it self. i havent needed to put in a SD card yet :D

For those wondering if the phone is worth it, I really enjoy the phone. I have had both the Iphone 4, Iphone 5, and now the Galaxy s3 and the S3 shatters my expectations. For those who are curious and are afraid if it is worth it, this seller is EXCELLENT when it comes to returns. I bought 2 of them and return a used one after 30 days and the very same day they processed the return and the following day it was in my bank account.

The S3 is definitely the best phone of it's generation and the best phone Virgin has made available by far.  Can't wait until Virgin makes the S4 and S5 available.

This phone is awesome. Fast, pictures and videos are high quality. The only reason it gets 4 instead of 5 is because it has crashed a few times. Not often, maybe once a week or less. But enough for it to get a star knocked off.Still I'm happy with the purchase and love my SG3

Love it!

Good phone but you can get it for less than 250 bucks from virgin mobile right now directly. I got it from amazon for 10 bucks more last week and not sorry about it.  It came with  Android JB 4.1.2 and although Virgin mobile website says that it has 4.3 version I wasn't able to get it on my phone, even after several email exchanges with their support.Overall phone performance is pretty good, not as fast as last generation phones but very good. I was a bit surprised though with camera functions. It's not the greatest one (no surprise here), a lot of pictures are a bit blurry, and when you delete one it takes about a second or two to do that, quite longer than usual. Btw. virgin also sells iphone 5 (older model) for about 360 right now.

This phone is great. It is so easy to use and does so many things that I can't list them. It is a huge upgrade from my last phone and I prefer it over my husbands iPhone. My younger son has the same phone as me and we can sync easily between them,

This phone with Virgin's $35 a month plan is perfect for me. I like the oomph, the screen size is excellent, and it completes my need of having a phone and email machine as well as all the bells and whistles so I don't feel like I'm settling. GREAT phone.

Works perfect :) i highly recommended

My upgrade path on Virgin has been as follows:Samsung Intercept :  I think this is one that i only had briefly and returned with the rumors of the LG Optimus V coming out.LG Optimus V: Solid Phone but small screen. Great battery life.LG Optimus Elite:  Fantastic value for an android phone.  I was grandfathered on the $25 a month plan so I held on to this one for a while.Now for my Samsung Galaxy S3:  Spectacular screen.  Smooth screen transitions.  Average battery life.  LTE performance is great now that sprints Network Vision is rolling out (great time to "get in").  Camera is very good (much better than my Optimus Elite) but probably not as good as Iphone 5. Phone is a bit slippery and this is a bit tough for me since i prefer my phones "naked".  I'll just have to deal though and hope the gorilla glass screen will give me adequate protection in case I get a bout of the dropsies.  Wifi performance is good.  It is noticeably faster surfing web pages vs my optimus elite.  Not sure if it is speed increase over wifi, or just that the phone can render so much faster.I have absolutely NO regrets for buying.  I have only had it for a few days, but I am glad I chose this over the much more expensive Iphone 5 through virgin.  Even if they were the same price, I would have still taken the S3 based on screen size and configurability over iOS. Apple makes a great phone, I just prefer to customize and make my phone "my own".

Not sure what I'm missing in the Galaxy S IV, but this is great. Using Virgin Mobile, which has great service and the best price on the market.

Samsung has outdone itself - best performance for a phone and excellent quality - Purchased 4 for family everyone loves it!

All brand new and complete. It comes with the earphones and it's replacement.

Absolutely in love with this phone. Had a piece of junk phone before, now i have a real phone that does everything it says and then some. How I went this long without a decent smart phone is beyond me. Highly recommend it.

I bought the S3 to replace my 2 year old Motorola Triumph.  The S3 is superior in pretty much every way, which is to be expected given that it is a year or so newer, and represented Samsung's top-of-the-line phone at one point.It still appears to be a viable smartphone in 2014, and runs the latest Android operating system, 4.4.x.The screen is quite impressive to look at, although it is somewhat difficult to see outdoors in daylight.  I'm told that this is due to Samsung's preferred screen technology, super-amoled, which is good for power consumption, refresh rate and color saturation, but not so good for brightness.  Still, it's a lovely screen when you're not standing in direct sunlight.Google Maps is especially impressive to look at.  This phone has the best smartphone GPS I have yet seen, and it's way ahead of the Triumph or the Optimus V, which I had before it.  It locks on to my location almost instantaneously, and even re-traces my route in instances when it loses my location while I'm moving.  It even seems to work when the data connection is turned off or unavailable.Videos look impressive on this screen as well.It connects to the 4g LTE service in my area, which I'm told is somewhat unpredictable for Sprint network devices, as San Francisco isn't officially supported by Sprint's LTE yet.  When it's connected to LTE, I get in the neighborhood of 20-25 mbps download speed, and 5-10 mbps upload speed.  When it's using 3g data, it's more like 0.5-1.0 mbps download.The only real drawback is that is runs through the battery pretty quickly.  I have a little 2100 mah power stick that I keep tucked away, and I have seen that there are 4000 mah extended batteries available for the S3 for $20-30, however, so it shouldn't be too much of a problem.  I generally unplug it at around 7 am every day, and by 5pm it's down to about 50% battery capacity, if I use it sparingly.I tried to compare it to the LG Volt in a side-by-side test, but the Volt I bought didn't connect to Sprint's 4g at all, rendering the comparison somewhat illegitimate.  It might have been a dud, although the VM rep I spoke with insisted that neither phone should be connecting to 4g service in my area because it's officially unavailable.The battery on the volt lasted significantly longer, however, so that's something to consider.I'm pretty satisfied that this is the best phone I'm going to get on VM for under $400 at the moment, and I don't really see what the point is of upgrading to a top of the line phone while I'm still using a second-tier carrier like VM.Considering how popular the S3 has been, I'm also of the opinion that it will be easier to sell than the Volt if I want to do so eventually, although I don't foresee that happening in the near future.

i upgraded to this phone, mainly for the size of the screen, seemed, and is the right size, 4.8 &#34;.  i have a lot to learn, and use it with virgin mobile, but i do love it so far.  came on time and undamaged, and complete; i practically freaked out (in a good way) when it arrived.  i researched the s iv, and decided for the difference in price, i could handle the s iii.  also, i qualified for an amazon.com card, Praise The Lord, and it is invaluable to me, simple to use, and easy to pay monthly payments, this is how i purchased this phone.  thank you amazon, (i really hardly need any other credit card, well, maybe for food!!)

Still learning how to use it, but so far, I'm loving it. Most of it's functions are intuitive, so it's coming pretty quickly.

Everything is fine except that I feel upset about this order. I paid for 2 day shipping and it has gotten longer, I needed it for Wednesday 4th of december as I was leaving for a 15 day vacation out of USA. It's so bad that AMAZON couldn't fulfill what was promised to me. I'm a bit sad and upset for this matter, it was delivered on Thursday 5th of December at about 5:00 pm. I could have saved the shipping payment as I was offered free shipping.

Awesome phone, kit kat works great

Got it for my fianc&eacute;'s birthday, she loves it. We have not had any problems. If the GS4 comes out, I'm sure she will want it.

After being a Verizon customer for over 10 years, I can no longer see the value in paying $$$ for their service.  While they are reliable and have the best network in the nation, I only need a service to make and recieve calls/texts and check email/stream music when Im on the go. I'm not concerned with watching HD video in the middle of the woods.The good: super fast phone, excellent response time opening and closing apps, great cameraThe bad: Sprint does not currently have 4G in my area. Occasionally I will get a 30 second teaser, but then reverts back to 3G. I work in a building with a metal roof, and barely get a signal. As soon as I step outside, I'm golden. I'll be passing my office number to close friends and family in the event of an emergency. On a brighter note, my productivity will increase due to a lack of Facebook.The ugly:  Data speeds. Even at 4G I'm lucky to get 5mbps. Verizon topped out at 16! On 3G which is more consistent, I average between 0.5 and 1mbps. Fast enough at least to run navigation and stream music,  but horrendous for anything more demanding. Trying to stream anything HD is laughable. Luckily I have WiFi at home.The bottom line: this is one of the best low cost options on the market. It is Going to pay for itself within the first 6 months, and I stand to save approximately $500 per year compared to my old contract.

This is coming from a totally unbiased reviewer. I've went through so many phones throughout the years, this is by far the best phone I've owned so far. Lets cut to the chase already!THE DISPLAY: Very crisp, 4.8 inch super amoled screen with beautiful colors, I'd say the colors are way less saturated and more accurate to say the least. Galaxy s3 has received the kitkat update if youre wondering about that.MEMORY: 16/ 32GB User memory and up to 64gb expandable memory on a sd. I could probably go without a memory card, this phone packs so much available space! However I do have a 32gb sd card just for music purposes lol. Never had to deal with any lag, glitches, crashes, freezes, random battery drains or random reboots. (knocks on wood)CALL QUALITY: Pretty legit, I can hear everything and vice versa no background static or anything. The only issue I have is that my pinky tends to cover the mic when Im holding the phone. I've learned to keep it off.SPEAKER: Greatness. Its really loud, great with music and phone calls.THE BACK CAMERA: 8MP  1080p full HD camcorder is ok. A lot of reviewers complained about the &#34;blurry&#34; overlay that the pics tend to have. I didn't have that issue at first, but now to be honest, I find myself having to refocus the camera and etc just to get the thing to behave and clear up before capturing a shot. The pictures come out good, not amazing, I've definitely had better..camera wise. The video capture is great and crisp though.. strange..huh. Flash and auto focus works well. A bunch of filter effects as well.THE FRONT CAMERA: 1.9MP No complaints really. Its definitely better when youre in great lighting. You cannot zoom in or out with the front camera by the way, able to record though.BATTERY LIFE: I cant speak for anyone else but I get a good run out of this phone each day. One charge overnight is all I need for the most part. I'm definitely on my phone alot. Everything from video streaming, playing music very loudly on speaker, long girly phone calls, texting, work emails, gaming etc. at night its at about 20% with super heavy use Other wise its at about 60% by the end of the day. Night for me is midnight. Thats not that bad in my opinion. Of course, if you're used to having a phone that lasts 2-3 days w/o charge then yes, this is extremely devastating lol.WEIGHT: 4.7 oz. I hesitated to buy this phone originally because so many people said it felt too light weight and &#34;plasticy&#34;. False, it feels great in the hand. Not a darn brick like a blackberry but its also not too light where I can forget that I have it in pocket. Its a good feel in my opinion. Just very very very slippery.I think those are the main things people want to know about this phone..hope this helps.

difficult to activate on ones own spent time watching the refresh go round and roundhad to wait for someone to wake up in india to activate the damn thingslow process setting up and installing contacts. may learn to enjoy it more as i get use to the osgobbles up battery life need to turn of things like wi-fi, bluetooth, vibrate to last more than 1 day

The phone is very responsive and runs the latest versions of Android.  The size of this phone is perfect.  The screen has a lot of real estate to view your applications.  The phone is just the right size.  It easily fits in you  pocket and is thin and light, unlike those phablets that look like old school calculators.  The phone has plenty of memory, especially with an SD card for storing all the apps you need.The seller shipped it right away and it actually arrived before I thought it would.

Phone:It is simply amazing: functional, fast and sleek. My friend has the 5S and the only thing it does (slightly) better is indoor pictures. But I think Android is better and anything Apple is way overpriced. I prefer the look and feel of the S3 too.Virgin Mobile:Virgin Mobile runs on the Sprint network. I get 4G in my area so the speed is incredible (18-20 Mbps) when not on Wi-Fi. VM is great: you can't go wrong with plans starting at $35/month with unlimited data and texts. Even if you do the $55 unlimited everything plan, your total cost of ownership will be much lower than going with the traditional providers.Amazon:I was able to buy the phone when it was on sale and saved another few percent on sales tax. I paid an extra $3.99 and got it the next day. Still, it was much cheaper than going through Virgin Mobile directly.Overall, it's the best purchase I've made this year!

competitively priced for a brand new phone, and is exactly what i wanted i couldnt be happier with this phone!

No words to describe how much in LOVE I am with this phone. It's amazing. Every feature on this galaxy is good. Shipment was great. It came a day before it was suppose to be delivered which was only 3 days. I read reviews before I purchased it, and it met all its expectations. I'm very very happy and pleased with this

I'm not going to write some long techy review. Though I can say that I love this phone no problems thus far. I receive all of my calls and texts.  The battery life and memory are wonderful in comparison to the phones I've had in the past.

This phone has a good size learning curve for someone not of the computer generation but it can be figured out even without a manual.  The camera is especially good with an outstanding zoom feature that I use on photos I have taken.  Sound quality is good and it changes screens quickly.  Battery life is good, I don't turn my phone off and only need to charge every couple of days.  I use it to browse the internet, to text, and talk.  Good screen size and clear display.  Seller shipped me this phone very quickly and I was pleased.  Highly recommend it.

I wonder if this team with his features in the networks can use in Venezuela since I am aware that there are international versions but the networks in the U.S. are similar to those in VENEZUELA ulizamos if I could clear the doubts as it is a very good promosion that price

The phone arrived on schedule and in great condition. The phone was like new condition with no scratches on the screen or the back. All phone accessories were in the packaging including the battery and headphones. I am very happy with my purchase.

Love my new phone would buy it again..fast shipping very happy with my purchase.

I've always been a fan of android devices but this phone has enough software built in that I didn't need to install another launcher to compensate for the features I wanted and the screen is awesome.

In store it was $260 on the virgin mobile web site it was $220 and I got it here for less than $200. New in the box hooked up just fine the only thing was I wished I got a tracking number that I could constantly know where it was since its a fairly expensive phone.

This replaces my phone that was stolen.  I love the size of the screen and the functions.  It clearly is a superior phone and I'm glad that I chose this one.  Very quick to arrive, packaged well to support phone itself and very easy to setup upon arrival.

Battery life is aweful. Do your research.  So many problems with the s3. don't get me wrong I love the product I will get the s5 cuz I do like Android. I tried new battery for the phone and for some reason the battery only charges up to 40%. I went to Batteries Plus and the lady in the store said s3 phone batteries she can't keep in stock. like I said I love the Android products I can't wait to get the s5

No! I bought it as a gift for someone in Europe and  IT doesn't work in Europe.I need to return it when I am back in the States next week!There was no indication of that issue in the description of the phone, so I thought will work!

Couldn't get the Galaxy S4 for virgin mobile so I settled for the Galaxy S III. Large screen, high defintion... swweeet!

Buenas Noches yo hice una compra de una serie de productos entre ellos estabaB00D9AREZCla cual llego la caja vaca y me parece injusto ya que estoy perdiendo 339.99$ en solo una guia y cargador por lo demas era un carton y no un equipo--- que podriamos hacer necesito una solucin.Good evening I made a purchase of a number of products between them was a samsung sIII which came the empty box and it seems unfair since I am losing $ 339.99 in just a guide and charger for the rest was a cardboard and a team-- we could do need a solution.B00D9AREZC

I got this device to run my online shops [...] and [...] from a Druid platform. This is a great little device that fits in my pocket. I love it more than any laptop, desktop or anything I have ever used, ever. I love it especially more than my laptop mini that made me feel claustrophobic every time I even think about it. My Galaxy, named Carmen, for the helpful GPS lady that reminds me of Carmen San Diego, is convenient for reading kindle books, watching YouTube videos (I even do yoga with this baby), checking my daily I Ching, tarot, timing meditation practices, photographing my inventory, blogging [...] my creative process, promoting my shops on twitter @WomanlyRoots, FB, tumblr, instagram, pinterest, pretty much everything under the stars (there is even an app to star gaze with). I love the direction this technology is headed.I would like to  warn you that using these LCD screen devices late at night can created insomnia. I had trouble sleep for a month before I figured this out. So limit your kindle book reading to the day time and enjoy a good night rest. Also, after long periods of holding the phone (usually when I am blogging), it gets hot and my hand will start to shake. So limited use is key.The phone is somewhat durable (definitely get a case for it though), the screen doesnt scratch easily (again, get a screen cover), it is lightweight (heavier than the larger screen s4 that my boyfriend has), and super simple to navigate after you get used to druid instead of window (though windows 8 is such a wannabe andruid dont you know).I gave this item four stars instead of five because it has horrible phone coverage. I DO NOT recommend this if you are looking for a cell phone. It is very difficult to hear incoming voices (though the music from media player plays nice and clear). It also feels like I am holding a radioactive laptop up to my head. The virgin mobile network uses Sprint towers, which are non existent (no matter what they say over the sales line) coverage in my wooded area. I am running off wifi at this point and have no plans to pay my cell phone bill. Went back to an old fashioned land line and just rough it between wifi spots in town where I use the FB app like texting to message peeps.Thank goodness there was no contract when I paid the huge bill on this device. Anyway, all those business cards with my long standing cell phone number will at least make good fire starter.On the bright side, I havent been without a cell phone for almost 15 years. Now that I have lived an entire month without one, Im totally OK. I didnt know I was ready to ween myself away from cell phone service, but this little device has surprisingly converted me. With its poor virgin mobile network platform, I have been introduced to the world of a cell phone sized tablet. Im not looking back. Goodbye texting and constant phone availability. Hello modern networking.There are certain features I am waiting for android and the WWW to sync up. Like sharing buttons from sites. Its like a warzone between desktop sites and mobile sites out there at the moment. Certain flash player functions are incompatible still and there are some things I still cannot accomplish with this little monster. However, the camera is waaayyyy better than the point and shoot I was using for years and it is super simple to edit photos with filters on instagram and bam! put em up on multiple social media platforms with the click of a button.

The processing speed, memory and camera are all quite nice.  The operating system (Android 4.3) does not support app2SD so beware of filling up the internal memory.  Pictures, video, music, etc. should be put on a secondary SD card.  Note that this has 16 GB internal and a slot for SD but no card is included.It is a bit annoying that Samsung preloaded a lot of their own software which I don't care to use but can't get rid of unless I root the phone (which risks turning it into a useless brick).As far as service, I got my first smartphone through Virgin Mobile and I've been with them ever since.  The service where I live is decent and very affordable.

I really like this phone and all it's features.  I've gone back and forth between iphone and android and this phone is far more customizable than the iphone.

The phone is in perfect condition and arrived in new packaging that was undamaged. Setting u the phone for use was difficult as it always is with virgin mobile.

Love Love Love my Samsung Galaxy phone. I got It during the Thanksgiving sales and it got here really quick. So far Virgin Mobile has been great too and only $35 a month. I'm happy!!

Great phone, great features.  Only bad thing is, since it is through virgin mobile which has sprint's coverage, I don't have access to the 4G.  The 3G is super quick though and it has a very good amount of memory.

Amazing! Blazingly fast! Great features! Calls aren't the best quality through Virgin Mobile, but I only use 50 - 100 minutes a month so who cares! Best phone they offer!

amazing phone!

Amazing phone in all ways ! Smooth operation awesome carrier. Been with Virgin gor years . Best prepaid value around !

On the last day of the deal i bought this phone and did not pay attention on the network thing,now when i'm out of the country with it,i found out that it doesn't even have sim card slot..Didn't know that such thing existed.I think Virgin mobile should have warned customers better by simply putting "Not usable internationally" or something like that beside it, now i cant use this here because CDMA phones don't work here in Suriname, I'm trying to return this phone by UPS (The only available option) and their asking $90 to return the phone to Amazon.Couldn't even use the phone, Rated 1 star for my experience with iti would not recommend this to those who wanted a normal S3 with sim option.

It is a big phone and honestly it does alot of things right.  But one thing it didn't do was the camera.  This was a horrible camera.  Even though it is an 8MP camera, it didn't have touch exposure.  It is supposed to have touch exposure but while reading the internet forums, this is a software issue and seemingly Samsung forgot about in its updates.  Nonetheless, I had to return the phone and decided to get an iPhone 5.  Best decision of my life because everything works seemingly on the iPhone.

Great phone and very easy to use. Only gave 3 stars because the batter life is not up to par. If I cannot force close all the apps running in the background then Samsung should make a battery that lasts longer. It is slow to charge if it is on also.

screen  had a small hairline crack and cant see the screen now i will now buy from you again sucks

I love this phone. Way easier than the LG it is replacing. Samsung does it right.

First of all, I'd like to thank Amazon because they, for some miraculous reason, sold me this phone brand new for $317. How, I don't know, considering retail on Virgin's website is $399. The point I'm trying to get across is if Amazon drops the price of this phone substantially, believe that it is no scam. It's just flat-out generosity.Now, on to the phone.Even though I had large savings on this device, it is well worth it even if you pay full price. I came from an HTC Evo 3D which I thought was a fantastic, capable device, but there truly is a difference between a flagship and non-flagship. The Evo had great specs, despite being non-flagship, both on paper and performance-wise, and on a scale of 1 to 10, I would gladly put it at an 8.5 or 9. However, this Galaxy is a 12 on that same scale. It really stands out as a true flagship because of its performance and build quality. This phone is plastic vs. the Evo's half metal/half rubberized plastic build but I still appreciate the Galaxy's build quality more. The phrase, "you get what you pay for" could never be more true than here. This phone is unparalleled on the Virgin selection, as of the time of this review. I can only see it bested by the Galaxy S4 or Note 2, but surprisingly, not by much. Plus, let's remember this is a no-contract device on a $35/month plan. Unbeatable.The ProcessorThis Galaxy is not the Galaxy S3 i9300 version (international quad-core 1.4GHz version, 1GB RAM). This is the US version (dual core 1.5GHz version, 2GB RAM). I haven't had the international version so I can't make a comparison, but I can say that this processor is extremely capable, unsurprisingly. You will not notice lag, even if you intentionally open a lot of apps to test its performance. Everything, including all transitions, are smooth 99% of the time, which is pleasant to the eye and makes it a competitor with iPhone's fluidity when it comes to operating systems. The processor will easily handle all games on the market, photo editing apps, etc. It will handle anything the hardcore or simple user will demnd because this phone was made to multi-task, hence, the multi-window feature, a feature you'll have to explore when you purchase this phone. I think the processor helps a lot with the internet as well. I put my Evo and Galaxy on 3G and tested the speeds in loading videos and webpages. On the same 3G network, the Galaxy bested the Evo significantly every time. Bottom Line: Fully capable, fast processor.CameraWhat can I say? It has an 8MP sensor and acts as such. I can't make comparisons because this is the first phone I've had with an 8MP camera, but I can say that from 5MP on the Evo to 8MP on the Galaxy, there is a big clarity difference. Obviously the Galaxy's camera would be better, but I've always thought the Evo had a great camera for only being 5MP. Still though, the Galaxy's 8MP does the job. Very nice, crisp, clear pictures, good low-light performance, vibrant colors. First phone that has truly allowed me to leave my point-and-shoot at home. Favorite feature (even though there are tons of awesome features, such as Burst Shot & Panorama): Zero shutter lag. The camera is so fast!GamingLike I said before, no problems. Run Asphalt or some other heavy game and it'll perform well. P.s. Graphics look fantastic. 306 ppi screen is quite impressive.BatteryOkay, important topic here to many users. From my Evo to this Galaxy, the battery life of this Galaxy is far superior. However, I know that some others may not find this battery that great if they compare it to other devices with better batteries or simply because they are heavy users and the Galaxy barely lasts a day with them. However, for me, the average user (I chat on Messenger almost all day, so internet is always on, the occasional texting and picture taking, sometimes need GPS Navigation, occasional web search) I found the battery to be just fine. It lasted me all day, plus, it actually charges pretty quickly. And this while I had a live wallpaper. This battery should be fine for almost all average users, but if not, invest in a slim extended battery. No big deal.Call Quality/NetworkNo problems whatsoever with texting or calling, I always seem to have a signal and 3G service that isn't drastically slow. The 3G is fine, but I'm still excited for 4GLTE coming to my city this year. The call quality was great, there's a feature that amplifies the voice volume. Other people were clear to me, and I was clear to them. No issues.MemoryYou get approximately 11GB usable internal memory out of the 16GB capacity. Fine with me. Evo only gave me 1GB usable space out of the 4GB capacity.OSTouchWiz didn't bother me. I actually like it and all the transitions, better than HTC Sense. But that's a personal preference issue.Bottom LineSo I think I've covered all the essentials people need to know to decide if they should buy the phone. The price, undiscounted, is high, yes, but personally I find the investment well worth it. It'll keep a user satisfied for 1 to 2 years until the Galaxy 7 or whatever comes out. If you need more info on the device, I suggest searching the internet since this is a popular device. Many reviews out there.

Traded up from a htc evo v. The S III has so many features it's unreal. 2 cases were included. Shipped quickly. I can see the screen while outside in the sun, ringer is loud, downloading is faster, easy uploads to facebook and email. Camera is great. Tested it a party. Pictures are clear.

Very fast phonegreat screengreat sound for a small deviceBattery life is not the best; but it is good. It depends on how much you actually talk and browse online. I bought an extra battery for long days out.

ITS FREAKING AWESOME! I am sooo in love with this new phone. Its like my new favorite toy! I cant put it down!

Bought to replace Samsung SII. Better than expected. Better battery life. No dropped calls yet. Use my phone for a lot since I have no land line.

This phone absolutely rocks!  Let me just say that first and foremost, this phone just flat out works well and has had no real problems so far.  The initial activation of the new phone was easy/quick and it has worked flawlessly from day one for me. After coming from an HTC EVO 4G, the Galaxy S3 beats it in every way and by a wide margin and I couldn't be happier with it at the moment.  I used to have a lot of issues with network connectivity, reception, and dropped/lost text messages on both of my previous Virgin Mobile phones and I have not encountered any of that with the S3.  The Galaxy S3 has improved cell and 3G reception in comparison to my previous phone, particularly in locations where my old phone would struggle such as in my basement or other low-reception areas.  The real-world coverage useability is improved to the point that it is now somewhat close to what Sprint/Virgin's coverage map says it should be both in terms of LTE, 3G, and Voice range.  The LTE speed is a remarkable upgrade from 3G and is functionally almost the same as using a broadband WIFI network. The new Android 4.3 Operating System is faster, smoother, and much more intuitive from a users perspective than its predecessor and just generally offers you features that you want in a mobile Operating System such as a built-in power-saving mode, the option to choose between a simple Desktop (for a novice) or the more complex desktop(for the more experienced Android user), as well as the ability to multitask using the floating and configurable pop-out taskbar.  The screen is big, bright, clear (720P) and generally awesome while the sound output from the speakers is above average and automatically switches from front to rear for you if you place the phone down on the table while playing music.  The Galaxy S3 takes gorgeous pictures with the rear-facing camera as well as having an abundance of useful camera modes such as "Panoramic Mode" and "Burst Mode", and the zoom feature is very easy to use.  The processor and phone responsiveness in general is very snappy with very little delay in processing webpages or bringing up and switching between apps. This phone has also never encountered the infamous "hanging text message" problem that used to regularly plague all Virgin-Mobil EVO 4G owners as well as a few other older VM phones. The S3 is surprisingly thin and lightweight in comparison to other modern phones on the market.  The GPS and built-in navigation software seems to work much better than my previous phone and my friend's phones and I'm easily able to navigate the city on foot amidst tall skyscrapers without the phone getting confused and losing track of where I am(works just as well in a car too).  The Samsung Galaxy S3 also lets you browse the internet while talking on the phone regardless of whether you are connected to the internet by 3G, LTE, or WIFI.... which is pretty rare for Sprint/VM devices and is a huge bonus.Battery life could be better, but it's not bad in comparison to other phones out there of similar size and performance specs. I can mostly get through 2 full days on a single charge with light to moderate use (not much talk, mostly web browsing and texting with some MP3 playing) and GPS turned off/low-screen brightness,black desktop wallpaper, and the built-in power-saving mode engaged(except for CPU-throttling).  There is minimal bloatware installed on Virgin Mobile's version of the S3 from the factory in comparison to many other devices on the market from other providers.  It comes with 16GB of internal storage of which you will have about 12 GB usable to you from the factory (the rest is used by the Operating System/drive-formatting and preinstalled applications).  The Galaxy S3 is also one of the few remaining phones that supports an add-on MicroSD card that you can use to expand your available storage capacity, but do your research before buying just any old card because there are some known compatibility issues with certain brands of SD Cards (as well as SD-card format types... recommend formatting any new card to FAT32) and Samsung Galaxy S3 phones.And now for a few minor negatives about the Galaxy S3.... I would have preferred the home button be a soft button instead of a physical button because I always worry that these things will wear out(never actually had this happen though)... especially on a phone that I purchased outright and plan to hang on to for a few years, but you can install free aftermarket apps to give you a transparent on-screen home button to help account for this.  It would also be nice if it had infrared Transmitter (for remote controlling TV's) as some of the other cutting edge phones have, but this isn't too important in the grand scheme of things.  Virgin Mobile also does not provide Mobile Hotspot capability using 3G or LTE even though the phone is physically capable of supporting it.  Virgin Mobile should have offered the S3 in black instead of just the white faceplate/backplate version. Samsung/Virgin Mobile should also include a better set of default ringtones and notifications to choose from, because I could not find anything that was loud or attention grabbing from the default list (easily rectified by making or downloading your own sounds). Some people would also prefer that a phone have an external camera button, which this phone does not, but this is a personal preference thing.As with any modern phone, MAKE SURE YOU GET A CASE AND SCREENPROTECTOR FOR IT IMMEDIATELY!  This thing will get destroyed if you drop it, as many people can attest to, so do the wise thing and protect your investment with a high-quality case (I recommend the Ballistic SG Case) and screen protector.This phone overall is a phenomenal deal for the money when you consider all that you are getting with this package compared to what others are paying for phones and monthly plans from competitors and it really improves the quality of service that you are getting from Virgin Mobile's network in comparison to some of their older phones.  The Galaxy S3, in my opinion, is the phone to get right now if you're using Virgin Mobile. With a few minor modifications to the default configuration that you can do yourself in a matter of minutes, this is a nearly perfect phone.Hats off to Samsung for engineering such an amazing phone and and to Virgin Mobile for bringing it to us and at a reasonable price.Pros:-Phone just flat out works great-Huge screen and slim/lightweight chassis-Smooth and stable Android 4.3 operating system-Fast processor/fast app loading-Great cell/data/LTE reception for Virgin Mobile-Supports micro-SD cards-Very little bloatware-Adequate battery life-Supports Virgin's LTE network-Can talk and use mobile internet at the same timeCons:-No mobile hotspot feature-Only comes in white, home button is a physical vs soft button-Poor default ringtone/notification sound selection (easy to fix by downloading your own)-No external camera button-No infrared transmitter-Easily damaged screen/exterior --> GET A CASE IMMEDIATELY AFTER BUYING THE PHONE!!-You need the Samsung Kies Software installed on your PC to connect your S3 directly to a PC via USB for a data transfer (Workaround is to just use a phone app like ES File Explorer" and transfer your files over WIFI from a shared folder on your PC)

I love this phone and would definitely recommend it to anyone looking for a smartphone that isn't an iPhone! I personally have always loved my androids and this one is the best yet! And no one can even tell that its Virgin Mobile! It shipped quickly and was exactly how they advertised it would be. I am so happy with this purchase!

this is the phone that I was looking for long,long time.

This is all my 20-something son asked for this year & it didn't let me down, as the quality of this phone is amazing! We are both very happy with this.

Phone is garbage.  Poor performance on 3G & 4G.  Doesn't transition from one network to the other well.  Often mobile internet doesn't work.  Now the light sensor appears to be bad and I am getting a blue dot on my pictures.  Plus since the sensor is bad the pictures look poor.  This is my last Samsung phone

The Samsung Galaxy S III is the perfect phone for beginners or experts.I like how thin and sleek this phone is. I also like the overall product design.  I was very amazed at how fast and easy it was to set up this phone. The Galaxy S III phone came with easy.... step by step instructions. I also like the high speed at which this product performs tasks. I did a lot of research in trying to find the best no-contract phone with the best deal, and went to WWW.Samsung.com and and punch in no-contract. The Samsung Galaxy S III along with Virgin mobile was the perfect match for me. With  easy to use set up and adding airtime was a breeze. The Virgin Mobile web site account page makes it so easy to re-up your air time minutes. The unique look and cool style of the phone has everyone asking me where I purchased the phone. It is exactly how the picture described this product. I recommended The Samsung Galaxy S III to all my friends. This truly has been a great experience with no let downs. I'm enjoying this product day in and day out. I again would recommend this product to anybody who is looking for a great deal along with a great price. I show it off to all my friends and family members. Amazon is a great place to shop for smart phones. The choices that they give you is what make them the leader. I love my Galaxy S III phone and am 100% satisfied. The Samsung Galaxy S III simply is the best deal that i could find.Samsung Galaxy S III (Virgin Mobile)

Amazing phone i LOVE it. Works great,and looks so amazing. The phone is not too big but not too small. Best phone ever.

After reading other reviews, I decided to indulge. I've had it for less than a month with no issues. Virgin mobile has a pretty reasonable monthly no contract plan for this model.The design is nice and screen is large and clear. The phone feels big in the hand but fits easily in the pocket due to it's sleek, thin profile and light weight. Lot's of  preinstalled apps that I probably won't be using, but knowing there is enough space available for more is reassuring.I don't use the phone so much for anything other than texting, web and GPS, but I may try other things since this phone is capable of handling more functions than my previous one.TJ

I really like the slim look and feel  overall easy to use  Would give it 5 stars but without instructions I am still trying to figure it out but mostly not too difficult

this is a great phone overall even though is a older model. the only draw back is the battery you will have to play with the settings a little bit to get the right amount of juice out of it.

So I had the Samsung Galaxy S2 and wanted to get the Samsung Galaxy S3. I got it and I did like it at first, I still have to figure out some things, because comparing the two, they are so different in ways. I&#34;ve had it for a couple of weeks, and Some things I just hate on it and somethings I like better, so I'm just okay with it. I don't like that the camera is worse than the other phone. When i take pictures they come out really blurry or a little blurry and I'm not shaking it or anything, my hand is very steady when taking pictures. The battery seems to be worse. I have to charge it twice a day. And I thought I was unhappy with once a day before. I should'nt have to charge it twice a day. I&#34;m still looking to see why is that, because I don't use it heavily.But it is much faster than the S2. That was my problem with the S2 after I've had it for a little bit, that it kept freezing and shutting down on me and a bit slow, this phone is faster, The only speed thing that is a tad slow is the home button, not as fast as it should be. If I could get the camera and battery to my liking then I would be a happy camper.

Love the phone but the volume button should be in a different place.  No complains on the phone except that.

Its working out very well for me. Exactly what i wanted and needed. I never want to put it down.

I've had this phone for a couple of months now after upgrading from my Optimus V and WOW! It's so much faster and very easy to use. I think I'll be happy with this phone for a very long time. :)

Great phone does really well with virgin better than iphone 4s satisfied tail something new xomesyayyay yaye is so good

Nice phone, easy to set upthe screen is crisp and clear, and the speed is fast.It is larger than the average VM smartphone, but you get used to the size fast!a very lightweight phone- but definitely get a case.

The Galaxy S3 is awesome. No complaints whatsoever.A little background: I got my very first smart phone last fall, which was the Kyocera Rise, through Virgin Mobile. It was a great change from the LG nV2 I had before that. During my childhood the rotary phones in people's homes were still leased from AT&T; and no one had a computer in their house. After resisting for so long to get a smart phone I got that Kyocera last year. It was great at first, but I learned to do much more with it than just check my gmail and use the web browser. And so the Kyocera got slower and slower... and that's when I decided to get something better.The Galaxy S3 is the best phone I have used. Compared to rotaries, payphones, and the Kyocera Rise, it's the best. Call quality is excellent. It's fast. No lag at all. I used to wait up to a minute for the Phone keypad to show up on the Kyocera, which was irritating because I'd assume the ability to call people would be the most important feature of the phone... But after loading all my applications onto the Galaxy S3, I still had no lag, everything was fast.Display: The display is amazing. You cannot see any pixels. It's bright, there's really no glare. I've read reviews that say the screen is dull or dark. I didn't see that at all. Maybe they turned on the auto-brightness. Even in bright sun, I can still read the screen just fine. Also, having a 4.8" display is great.Speed: The speed is incredible. The GUI is fast, and as I mentioned many times, no lag. You touch a control on the screen, and something happens immediately.Calling: Call quality is great.Size: It has a huge screen, but its light. It's much lighter than the Kyocera. As a person who always preferred the heavy handsets of the old phones, having a larger cell phone feels more appropriate to talk on. It's a strange preference, but I find it easier to talk on something where the speaker and microphone are actually near my ear and mouth.Battery: battery life is fine. its comparable to the Kyocera. I notice the worst battery drain at work where I barely have a signal, so its always burning power to boost the radio. But I have a charger there, so who cares.Camera: It's great. Better than the first digital camera I had. It won't replace the DSLR, but it does replace a point-and-shoot camera when going places with the kids. The panorama, HDR, and other features are great. Plus its fast. Did I mention the Kyocera was SLOW. I'd often wait so long for the camera app to load that what I wanted to take a picture of had changed. Colors are vibrant too.Network: We don't have 4G LTE is my area yet, so I'm stuck with 3G and wifi, but they work fine for me until Sprint rolls out the LTE here.Overall: It's excellent. Seeing that the S4 is only a marginal improvement in hardware specs over the S3, I feel confident that the S3 will not become outdated for a while. I'd absolutely recommend it. I was also able to get it on sale for $319. I noticed that Virgin Mobile has random 1-day sales on the S3 on their site, and thankfully Amazon mimics those sales.

Probably most shoppers who will target this phone cannot yet, or wouldn't shell out the premium price for the current flagship S-IV, besides, Virgin Mobile did not yet adopt Samsung's latest and greatest. For this price point I can't find anything, where the Galaxy S-III falls short. This phone met and exceeded all my expectations, there's not one single reason why I would not strongly recommend it.

I def love the galaxy s3! Also love that it is white and works great an is super fast!! Amazing!

First, there is no place for Sim card and secong, I tried to contact some compagnies to make that part of theirs however, they refused.

The other reviews on the site are very accurate to the phone that I bought. I am very happy with my purchase.

This phone is definitely a major step up. Functionality is much better than I had on my iPhone. Only took away one star because sometimes things are hard to find.Meanwhile, I'm buying another in a few weeks as a birthday gift.

We really love this phone and all of its features.  The only reason we didn't give it 5 stars, is because the connection port stopped charging the battery.  I contacted Samsung support, and they are willing to fix it for us, but we have to send it in to them.  I asked them, what am I supposed to do for a phone while I wait for you to fix this one.  They didn't respond.  So aside from that issue, it's an awesome phone.

It's really nice having a phone with such a large screen.  I initially thought it might be too big, would be a pain to fit in pockets, etc...but you get used to it fast.Call quality is decent.  Battery life is ok when you turn off unnecessary items.My biggest complaint is that it seems to fail sending texts at times.  Instead of auto-retrying....you have to go back to the text and tell it to resend.  This seems to happen fairly frequently.  That said...the downsides of this phone are easily overlooked, and it really is a nice phone to have.  Video and pic qualiity very nice for a phone.

Not sure if it was who I got it from on here or the product itself.  From day one I got a camera error.  I have managed to take five pics in months.  The wifi switch won't go to on so I keep getting throttled back by my isp.  It overheats and I have to take off the battery to get it to work if I use it for long.  Basically if you ever take photos or use the web this is not the product for you.  It will suffice for texting but not if you do it for too long because the product overheats.  It was costly and SO not worth it.

Yeah the five is a little bigger and has some neat gadgets, but this phone is a really good phone, and for 1/3 the price, I think it was a GREAT deal. I almost wish it would break so I could buy it again.

I recieved the S III / Virgin Mobile phone as a gift about a month ago.  I previously had an LG Optimus Slider.  I am not a smart phone maven so there won't be a lot of content here for people who really use their phone to the utmost, I'm just a common phone user.It is thin, light and slick, get a case or drop insurance.I use mine as an ebook, I moved my memory card over taking my books with it and have added a few since.  I use FB reader and really enjoy the reading experience on this fantastic screen.  Web access is very quick compared to 3G, pages load fast enough to not be annoying.  I am sure that as phones get faster web pages will get busier and slower so we will all be motivated to upgrade, but for now hitting the news sites is quick and painless.  I read for hours a day, this phone makes it effortless to the point that I cleaned off my Kindle Fire HD and gave it to my wife.If you read one handed the back button (bottom right) takes some time to get used to, I keep hitting it by accident.  I seem to hit it with the meat of the base of my thumb pretty often while reading.Lots of apps and lots of network activity.  Various Google apps used 17% of my bandwith so far, more than the Android OS or even my surfing.  Everything wants to update.  Update early, update often.  Google seems to auto update, the rest at least ask.  I'm still working on the app settings and I may well remove a number of items when I know more about what they are, what they do and why or why not I should want them.  As it comes there are three pages of apps.Camera is great, I use it for fun and to record pages of parameters on machine tools, part numbers to order replacements etc, so far every shot has been clear and easy to make out details.  Sticking a phone inside the back of an electrical cabinet to get a picture of the part number laser etched on a PC board is a real test, poor lighting, limited access, dirt and grime.  This phone makes it easy to get a good shot.  Takes good pics of sleeping cats too.I'd buy this again in a heartbeat and would give one as a gift.

Great phone highly recommend

I choose this phone because it was a little cheaper on line.  When you can get something cheaper on line why go in the store to only pay a higher price for the item.  The on line phones will do the same things the phones in the store will do.I love my phone and I would recommend to others that buying on line is a better choice.

This phone is fast, has great definition and very easy to navigate,I would recommend this phone for the price it was very worth it

BUYER BEWARE!! Be an educated consumer!  The Samsung phone is great.  But Virgin Mobile as a wireless carrier is absolutely useless.  I'm trying to save you the troubles I went through.  I switched from my pay-as-you-go program with Tracfone, because I was seduced by the Virgin Mobile tv ads, for a $35.00 plan with an i-Phone or this Samsung Galaxy.  I live in the San Francisco Bay Area, and what I learned within the first 3 days of having a cell phone with Virgin is that-----****** VIRGIN MOBILE DOES NOT YET HAVE THE INFRASTRUCTURE IN PLACE TO HANDLE BASIC CELL SERVICE******In a few "pockets" of San Francisco, and throughout the Bay Area (in URBAN settings!),  I could make NO calls whatsoever on this phone.  I kept getting the message,  "Mobile Network Not Available".  Seriously?  I'm in the middle of a CITY, and no mobile network is available!!  So basically, I was given the opportunity to pay $35.00 a month for a phone that I will never be able to rely on, to actually make calls.  I had a  "spare" $40.00 Tracfone that I got at Walgreen's for a 2nd "just in case" cell phone.  It works EVERYWHERE.  In fact, the $40.00 drugstore phone works everywhere the Virgin Mobile phone does not.SAVE YOUR MONEY and save yourselves the grief of signing on with Virgin Mobile.  Luckily, I was able to get out within the 14 day "grace period".  I'm going back to Tracfone.  Research this before you sign on with V.M.---you will see countless reviews out there that say the same thing.

Love everything about it, but when I pulled it out of its case I immediately dropped it because it was so slippery. I've dropped it more times than I can count. Luckily not on hard surfaces. I suggest immediately ordering a case with some texture so it doesn't slip out of your hands.

Very satisfied with this purchase,and I saved money purchasing from Amazon.Also enjoy using other family members have same model phone.

So since this ad listing is for the Galaxy S3 on Virgin Mobile, I am going to rate the phone and the provider. I moved to Virgin from Verizon, tired of paying $$$$ for data, messaging, and minutes (which I hardly use). The $35 plan with Virgin is great, 300 minutes (more than enough for me) with unlimited data and messaging. I was skeptical at first, but now I am a believer. Since Virgin uses the Sprint towers, I get reception in all the same places my Verizon phone would, granted I don't have 4G in the same spots, but I hardly used 4G before because it killed my battery life. If you're thinking of switching to Virgin, I say give it a shot.On to the phone, the Galaxy S3. Awesome. I upgraded from an HTC Rezound which was a great phone when released, but it started showing its age. Granted the S3 was released some time ago as well, and the new S4 is available, but not on Virgin. For my uses and purposes, the S3 works well. The AMOLED screen is vibrant and crisp, the speaker is great, the phone feels solid (for plastic), and the battery life is decent enough. I can get about 16 hours of heavy use out of it before it dies (messaging, internet, streaming, gaming, etc). If I don't use the phone much during the day, the battery last all day, and then some. The Virgin model comes with a lot of unneeded apps which can't be deleted, but that is to be expected. That said, the "bloat ware" was much less than what Verizon forces on their customers. I haven't encountered any glaring issues with the phone, but will update if I do. So far, 5 stars for Virgin and the Galaxy S3.

For me, the S III provides me with all I could hope for.  I know I am still breaking ground with the phone, and have not taken advantage of half of what it provides.  I do find as my use of the features increases, I am more frequently running out of battery.

Christmas gift for my son and he absolutely loves this phone. He's a teen and can't find anything to complain about with regard to the S III. I think that says it all.

good phone, horrible service.Then again, I live in the Mountains of Colorado so... whomp whomp... I really like the ease of use with this phone, albeit it's not as easy as the iphone, there are better features with the galaxy s3 than the iphone. The camera is better and the ability to take stills while taking video is awesome as well.Like it. Would recommend it to a friend/family member.

great value on a top notch device. bought it even tho i didnt really need it. im a sucker for a good deal. It actually is  a 4.3 jelly bean android system. the ad said 4.0 ice cream sandwich, so u get a free upgrade too, cool.

Excellent, good phone, I recommend

If you don't have one - you should look into this one. It is smarter than any other phone I have ever had. It does so much more than be a phone and doesn't even require a contract.

Ive had several phones over the past few years. iphones, htc, motorola. This is by far the best phone ive ever had. Processor is fast. Everything is so fast! Even tho i paid 400 for it at a store well worth the buy. Go get it from sprint for 99 and pay 100$ a month. This is perfect at 35$ a month with 300 mins and data and texting included.

I got this phone in December for Virgin network. 4G LTE is freakin' awsome. This phone has a great screen and resolution is never tiring for your eyes. Today you can buy as low as $225 and I got mine at a good buy of $250.Call quality is good and volume is just fine. The only downside is the external speakers are not that good, but I use the earbuds anyway so this in not really a problem for me.4G LTE is blazingly fast and so nice coming off a 3G phone.The screen size is wonderful too.You can add a memory card for extra storage up to 32 gb. The phone has 8 gb internal memory.Buy this phone and you will be HAPPY ;)

So far I love my S3. It is fast for multi tasking and I havent had any real complaints. The battery will get me thrrough the day so as long as it is chargedveach night you should be good.

Love this phone! Arrived as expected, love that it came with headphones and it is a really cool phone to have

I love my new phone ,I have had it for a few months now and it is the best.It is fast,the pics are great, lots of functional apps, clear reception and big screen for watching videos and movies!!!!Awesome Phone!!!!!

Before you order this product make sure you go to virgin mobiles website and check if you will get signal where you live.  It is a wonderful phone overall and I wish I could keep it but I have to return it because I did not check the coverage map beforehand.

I recently upgraded to this phone from my EVO V 4G, which I passed on to my wife. This killed two birds with one stone- I got a device that had 4G LTE, a better camera, and USB OTG (which I covet for purely business reasons, of course) and my wife got a phone with a front facing camera and better signal strength. For a pretty long time I was seriously considering the Galaxy Victory and S2 instead. Both are significantly cheaper than the S3 (as of now $200 vs $340+) and smaller. They are undoubtedly the two next best Android handsets in Virgin's lineup, but I decided against them for the following reasons:Victory: Spotty USB OTG support, camera shutter delay.S2: No LTE, No Jellybean without root.Don't get me wrong, both of those are nice devices, but I decided these features were important enough to me to pay a bit extra for something that had no obvious deficiencies. You'll have to see for yourself and determine what feature set vs. cost you want- it's worth doing some research since none of them are cheap. I'll readily admit if the Virgin S2 was an LTE handset, I'd have chosen it without a second thought, but alas it isn't. That said, I'm very pleased with my S3- it really is a handset without comparison in the Virgin Android lineup, and arguably better than any of the iPhones to boot.Package design is a very slender body, though a bit on the wide and tall side. It has a physical home key flanked by a menu and back softkey. Volume buttons are on the left top, power on the right top. I like the physical home key as it's easier to activate by touch and doesn't require the screen to be on to work. On both my old Android phones, you had to wake up the screen to even see the home key, since it was part of the UI. Double-pressing this also activates S-voice, which can take most simple commands. Overall the phone feels very light for its size and feels almost TOO light when you hold it. For a while I thought it was lighter than my old EVO V, but when I actually compared them it turns out they're about the same. The S3 just feels lighter because it's wider and taller. I should also note though that it's razor thin, and when combined with the smooth plastic back I was actually scared I might miss my pocket someday when putting it back in. You can hardly feel it going into a pants pocket- that's how thin and smooth the surface is. I got a snap-on shell for it immediately to remedy this.The hardware is robust and very responsive. This is the dual-core version of the S3, not quad, but it's really quite sufficient. It's rounded out with 2 GB of RAM and 16 GB onboard storage (expandable with SD). The 1.5ghz Snapdragon is very noticeably more powerful than the older-gen 1.2ghz in the EVO V. The GPU renders 3D handily and the handset can easily run any Android game you can throw at it. They look great as well, on the excellent and large SuperAMOLED screen. Of special note are the cameras, which have amazing quality and near-instant shutter speed. These are the fastest and crispest Android handset cameras I've seen- in fact, I think they're even better than any of the iPhone cameras. You can shoot in all the same modes as the aforementioned iPhone, including panoramic and burst. The front-facing camera is surprisingly good quality too. Either way, it is a huge huge improvement over the EVO V, which had a good sensor but such a bad delay that you often missed shots or just got a huge blur. LTE speed is superb when you're in coverage zone- fast enough to stream HD video, and the signal is very strong- gets even through some double story buildings I've been in, whereas the old 4G WiMax or 3G would get nothing. Due to the beefy hardware, realtime apps like Maps navigation work very well- no more missing turns because it didn't know you were there! Call quality is great, and the speakers have some serious power to them- even if you're hard of hearing this should be no problem. Battery life kind of varies depending on what features you have on but is generally very acceptable for an Android handset- I can easily go a whole day on one charge, even though I usually don't. The battery is replaceable and supports NFC (used by things like Google Wallet). You can get spares pretty cheap if you're worried about juice, but I wouldn't be unless I was out in the wilderness.Software-wise, it starts with Android 4.1 and I believe an update is due out soon. Android 4.1 is quite a bit nicer than 4.0, mainly due to the streamlined UI. I will note that the default Samsung home screen customization is a bit weak, but you can always get more skins and screen savers if you want. I liked the stock assortment of widgets and lack of tons of bloatware which many other VM devices have. The S3 does support USB on the go, and works with flash drives and many other USB devices if you have a cable or adapter. It's also very easy to root compared to some of the older VM handsets such as the HTC ones (which require unlocking the bootloader first and other irritating things). If you don't like some of the set features, like the always-on camera shutter sound, it's a pretty painless task to root it and turn it off. One note- if you like playing tons of heavyweight Android games, 4.1 no longer supports move to SD card. So just be aware you have 16 gigs of memory to store apps (minus OS and other things you need).The S3 has included gestures, e.g. tilt phone while touching to scroll pictures in gallery. It also has some Siri-like features in Samsung's S-voice. I wouldn't say these additions are particularly amazing, but they are quite handy once you get used to them. If you don't care for them, just turn it off. One neat feature is a setting that lets the device use its front camera to detect if you're looking at it, and keep the screen on. The Samsung customizations also include a form of multitasking with a pop-out application tray, but there's not too many apps that support it. S-beam allows you to share files between other Samsung devices, and Kies gives you wireless PC connectivity. Generally speaking, these added features are cool but not exactly great, especially in this day and age of cloud storage and due to the fact that not everyone has a Samsung smartphone. Still, it's an interesting feature and if the S4 proves as popular as the S3 it might actually be somewhat useful.Standard feature-wise, there's nothing much to report. It has everything any other device has- bluetooth, speaker, camera flash, gyro, light sensor, etc. It shoots full 1080 video from the rear camera and has micro-SDXC for camera/video storage or putting other files and documents. To summarize, the Virgin S3 is easily the best Android handset in the carrier's lineup and arguably the best handset period. It's also expensive though, and as with anything it can only go down in price and be rendered obsolete by newer devices (the S4 is already out). However, any way you look at it the S3 is a very attractive and versatile device and will remain so for some time.

The only thing I don't like is the camera.  Not very good resolution.  Hard to get crisp images, especially when person or object is moving.  Reverse camera is blurry and not very flattering.

Love this phone its of excellent quality and would recommend it to anyone.  It has a lot of wonderful features.

My cousin loves it. Just make sure you do the major software update through settings as it does have a few new out the box bugs.

With everyday and with all the options and features I will be constantly learning something new on my phone!I am pleasantly surprised with all the discoveries I have made with the phone on my own as well as with others that have the samephone.  I am a work in progress, and look forward to playing with all that this phone has to offer!!Love the size of the screen and the ease in which I can move from option to option.

I bought my phone directly from Virgin Mobile and saved over a hundred dollars on a cyber Monday deal. Since this is my first smart phone, I had some difficulty choosing a phone from the ones on sale but finally settled on a known brand, Samsung.For reference, Mrs. Spudman has an LG Venice phone and almost all of my tutoring students own iphones. To help me learn how to get around the phone, I picked the brains of my students , read the Samsung owner's manual ( printed  from a download), and read a Kindle book about the Galaxy.The biggest learning tool was simple experimentation and exploration of the buttons and features.Sound - I think the sound is good, just as good as our landline phone's sound. The speaker feature works well, the clarity depending on the phone and the human on the other end. Music played on the phone is acceptable quality; music played from the phone on bluetooth speakers is excellent.Display - Very clear and richly colored display that compares well with the phones of others. It's very easy to read text on the phone, and photo displays are terrific.I've rarely texted before buying this phone because my generic phones didn't have keyboards. It's still a challenge for me to hit the tiny keys on this phone, but voice commands to text are very convenient.The camera is far better than I expected and some of the photos taken are as good as those taken with my stand alone camera. You'll need to download a photo editing ap. Some excellent programs are available. My favorite is Pho.to Lab Pro. It's a full featured, easy to use, powerful program that'll cost you only a few dollars. The free version has annoying ads, so I quickly got the pay version.The battery life is OK. It lasts me an entire day even with moderate use. I have noticed that battery life has improved since the first couple days I started using the camera.I especially have fun using the voice controls: dictating text messages, asking the phone questions, giving it commands, telling it when to take a picture, and even telling it when to answer or reject a call. The phone even reads text messages aloud to me when they come in.Bottom line - I like this phone quite a bit, and even many iphone owners are impressed with its features and large display. I wouldn't want a smart phone with a smaller display.Note - The Aduro Shell Holster Combo Case for Samsung Galaxy is terrific, protecting the Galaxy on both sides and all around. I highly recommend it.

Replaced my LG Optimus V with the GS3 and I love it! Does everything that I had hoped it would and much more. Size is perfect, since my eyesight is not as good as it once was...I just turned 70 years young. I added a 32G micro storage, and transferred over 600 of my favorite songs...looks like I'll never run out of storage. I use phone for my MP3 player constantly, and the sound is much improved over the V. Battery life appears to be excellent, I just charge it overnight, as I have always done, and so far I only use about 40% of the battery through the day. My other favorite feature is the Swype keyboard: so much faster than typing with my thumbs only! Highly recommend this phone!

If you are switching from another Virgin Mobile phone you must call from a different phone number to activate the new phone.  If you try & call from you current phone, you will not be able to activate your new phone nor be able to make calls from your current phone.  This created a huge problem for me & I tried to discuss this with VM (who has more than one number now a days?) but I am not sure I got anywhere.  So Heads Up.

Great phone

I was aware I was ordering 2 year old phone technology but wow, it is an incredible upgrade from the Samsung Charge I was previously using. The phone and battery are performing as well as can be expected. If I didn't know the Galaxy 5 just came out I'd have no problem believing this was the most recently technology out there. Certainly worth the price if you have something better to do with the $400 or so difference between this and an S4 or S5,

Can't say enough good about this phone. Everything I need in a smartphone at a deal of a price

Now this purchase , The Samsung Galaxy S3, is the best purchase I made in a long time. I wonder what took me so long in switching phones. I am enjoying this phone immensely!

I bought this phone for my grandson and he loves it no problems so far would recommend it to others good phone

great phone

Easy to set up and use...fast downloads....good call quality....and great screen.  It has it all.  I'm buying two more for my family.

My daughter has a Virgin Mobile phone but was ready to purchase the Samsung Galaxy S3 on their website which was on sale $249.99.  I saved her some money and she is in love. As soon as she opened the package & hit one button on her account her phone was set and ready to go.

Fantastic phone had mine a week today and I'm very impressed especially considering the phone came out over 2 years ago. For the price you cant beat it. If you don't feel like putting out $600 for the s5 you will not be disappointed in the s3 its very fast. Only complaint I have is the battery life but I fixed that by ordering a battery charger and extra battery for a couple bucks.

Everything I expected.  Of course it isn't as fast as the newest phones, but is still VERY fast and meets my needs.  I upgraded from an HTC EVO 3D, which I loved, but it kept running out of internal storage (1GB).  The Galaxy S3 has 16GB of internal storage, so I should be good for a while longer.  It was the best phone in my price range that has that much memory on Virgin Mobile.  VERY happy with my purchase!!!

I bought this phone to replace my ancient LG Optimus V on the $35 plan, and feels like a night and day difference. Great deal if you can get it for under $300. Great screen and very responsive cpu on the phone. The stock ROM is pretty good, but even better on a custom ROM. Has a microsd slot.The only downside is the speed of 4G is kind of lacking using Virgin Mobile on Sprint's network. It's not a problem with the phone itself, but the service provided by Sprint. No sim slot and it's locked to using Virgin Mobile.

This phone is awesome to me have not had any problems. Works well and easy to type on. Love it. Purchase price was excellent.  Got it for $262.00 less than I expected and was delivered within a few days. Thanks amazon, love shopping with you.

I have worldwide S3 for the UK & Spain and wanted the S3 with Virgin, if you update the phone before you activate the phone with Virgin, you will not get a lot of Virgin Bloat Ware, I have a strong signal in Florida, the data plan is great, I use Wi-Fi in the house and I am always happy with Samsung products

I absolutely love my Galaxy s3. It's definitely a step up from my HTC One V. It has many morecustomizations and the performance is a lot better. I definitely recommend to every android user.

We found it more of a computer than a telephone.  We do not recommend it unless you have someone nearby who can explain how to use it.  I purchased a book to explain it.  The book explained a lot of complicated stuff we'd never use, but did not explain some basics that we needed.  My wife is still annoyed with me.

this is the best phone ive ever had.....the 4glte is awesome, and has a lot of features as well...I hate I phones because they are so unreliable, but Samsung has been a phone that has always been durable and efficient....hopefully soon I can upgrade to an S5....this is a great phone none the less.

I'll make this simple. I've have owned and used several cellphones over the years. This one is THEE best I have ever had. Fast, Smooth, Big Display and I could go on. I too was able to get money off from what this phone would normally cost. Still, yes, it is expensive but this phone will last me now for a few years. Highly reccomend!!

Ok as the title said best in the world. What I like about this product is the face front cam that was the selling point 4 me but then I found other features which proves that it is better than the I phone one of those features is the s voice you can mount your phone and give it commands while driving. Without going in to full detail because I am running out of words this definitely a smart buy because of the security features and because of the many apps that come available and my god the space the Samsung galaxy is the s*** pardon me get one you will love it.

I have had this phone since it came out and it is still working just fine. I know there are newer phones out and soon to be out but for me there is no need to replace something that works like it should.

this is by far my favorite phone very user friendly will buy another samsumg again when I need a new phone

This phone is great! I have had it for 2 weeks and it is very impressive! The processor is up to par with all of the new phones and  gives little to no lag. The battery life is pretty good and can easily last a whole day with moderate use but playing games drains the battery a lot quicker. The phone can get a little hot with a ton of use though. The screen is big, beautiful, and better than any iPhone I've ever seen. 16 GB of storage is amazing and lasts for a while. I have had many other phones and they are all nothing compared to the galaxy. It is super smooth and I like the slim design of the phone but it's best to invest in a good case. It is fun to play games on and easy to work with a big screen!!! Even if it seems pricey I highly recommend the Samsung Galaxy SIII, it's worth every cent. The camera is beautiful and has so many useful, enjoyable features! The speakers sound good too. I can not say enough good things about this phone!

Good evening. I am laura machin of venezuela. buy a S3 On November 30, 2013. And when he buys not decian that was virgin mobile, and here in venezuela it is not possible to use CMD, I do not recommend this product. Podria to change my telephone into the equal one but with chip?

I have this phone and it has been very good to me.  I got the Samsung Galaxy S3 the month that it first came out.  It's not only fast and reliable, unlike the iPhone it has a microSD card and removable battery.  Of course, I put in a 64 mb microSD card and Zerolemon battery that lasts 3 days, just for long trips.BUT THEN THIS HAPPENED.A couple days ago, after getting my really annoyed at how she keeps calling me to google something for her, my wife finally decided to get a smartphone.  I, of course, recommeded this phone.  So we went to bestbuy to get it.  My wife just bought this phone BRAND NEW from a Bestbuy store.  She went with the Virgin Mobile box because they have a very attractive monthly plan (300 minutes/unlimited text AND 4g LTE!).It was still in the box, sealed and everything.  When we took it home and tried to set up the service, we discovered that the phone was inexplicably BLACKLISTED.  That means we bought a device that will never be able to connect to any network.  The IMEI number (which is apparently written on the bottom of the box) has been reported on the phone we bought.So there you go.  This is a great phone, but I would recommend getting from a different company.

I got my brand new amazing phone on time with no problems. I'm so happy with my new phone :)

I really can't see myself using any other phone! I love this phone sooooo much!

Great phone, study, takes nice phones/video and easy to use. Only complaint is that you can not transfer or install programs to an external memory card without rooting the phone, which can cause permanent damage.

Great condition no problem

I have a problem with the order, the phone thought it was to buy a Galaxy S III for GSM bands.There is scope for the return of the product and I can send a GSM Galazy S III?I live in Venezuela and the computer does not work herejagc855@hotmail.com

Good phone for the price at $249.99.4G LTE reception very limited (Sprint).Phone's bundled software was for Boost Mobile (very strange) so had to request for a replacement unit to reflect the proper Virgin Mobile software.Virgin mobile insists Amazon is not an approved retailer (even stranger???) so had to work with Amazon to resolve the software issue and secure a replacement unit.Amazon was good in sending out replacement unit.

I love it. Couldn't have asked for a better phone. Meets all of my standards and is such a cool phone.

I really wanted this phone and was so happy when I received it for my birthday. It is the best android phone I've ever owned.

the phone was even better than I expected. I love everything about it and I haven't had any problems what so ever with the S3

telefono bloqueado, no se puede activar en venezuela

I waited till now to upgrade to 4g and this phone is worth every penny.  Unless you have Virgin Mobile.  Virgin Mobile restricts your ( unlimited ) 4g within the first three days of usage. After that you are 3g untill the next billing cycle.  Signal is so poor that 3g is useless, I explained this twice to Virgin Mobile and they blandly suggested switching carriers.  Message recieved!  Save yourself and extra step and if you get any phone pick a better carrier!

A great phone overall but the instructions leave one wondering what am I doing?  Not being a cell phone expert or a computer expert I need more operating instructions.  I had a Samsung Galaxy SII prior to this one and the instructions were very detailed.  Overall I am happy with the phone and over time I will probably learn most of the things this phone does.

Love, love, love my phone... world of difference between this phone and my old Motorola Triumph! I would highly recommend

Product did not work properly. I spent 2 hours with Virgin Mobil Technicians and they could not figure out what the problem was.

The samsung was not what i expect

Love it. Exactly as promised. No different than the one my wife bought directly from Virgin, only this was cheaper.

Love the phone does everything I could want.

I had previously had a Galaxy S III on AT&T;, and a Galaxy S III on Sprint. Both completely different networks but with very similar devices (practically identical, mind you - networks were still different) and I was pleased with both devices.Why I'm going to immediately give this a 5/5, is the fact that it comes preinstalled with the most up to date that Samsung has to offer on the device. I didn't have Multi-Window or the extra nice shooting modes (like Best Face! C'mon, samsung! I probably would have kept the S3's in the past if I had Best Face mode then! I have a 3 year old, after all). And the rest of it is because of the obvious - the very reason you're looking at the phone.1.) it's a proven quality handset2.) call quality and speakerphone quality set the bar at the time of the S3's release - S3 is better than my iPhone 5 was.3.) the screen, it's a 4.8&#34; screen with 720x1280 resolution4.) the software; albeit taken with a grain of salt, TouchWiz has user friendly options such as an easy way to increase the FONT size. My father with farsighted vision is thankful for this!5.) LTE network on a no contract and unlimited data plan - so what if after 2.5GB of usage it's throttled speeds - it's UNLIMITED. Plus, on my personal 3GB (limited) data plan, I get charged a lot extra to keep my same speed. I'd rather have unlimited amount and have the reduced speed than have to pay more to keep my current speed. My opinion, YMMV.6.) expandability - the S3 has such a good track record and is essentially up top with stupid iDevices in the kingdom of Smartphones and you can get any accessory under the sun for this thing.And overall: it's still a very viable smartphone. Dual-Core Snapdragon 1.5GHz processor with 2GB of RAM running Android Jelly Bean, you are on a smooth and pleasant experience from the time you turn the phone on to the time you turn it off. Heck, even the battery life is good on this thing. If you're considering a Virgin mobile phone and you want the best, you're looking at it right now.  FWIW - My dad upgraded to this after years of using the same LG Optimus V on Virgin Mobile. $45/month and he's got 1200 minutes, unlimited text & unlimited data. Beats my $90+ on my LG G2 on AT&T; for 450 minutes & 3GB data / unl. Texts!

Android 4.4.2 Kit Kat for Samsung Galaxy S3 VM is out. This phone started out with Jelly Bean 4.1.2. Upgrading is simple and easy. The phone is faster, easy to use, and easy to learn.There's no cons here, if you have battery problems then buy an extended battery.

I needed a new smart phone to take to a friend in Africa. We both thought this was the answer. I bought it and brought it to AFrica only to find out it needs wireless connection which only exists here in high end hotels. I kept the original packaging and can only hope that when I return 2 months later that I will be able to get a refund and start the process again of looking for an unlocked smart phone.

Great phone best one I have ever had so far To play with and on an everyday basis best phone

Not too much to add - fast, beautiful resolution, tiny footprint and sexy. Well worth the money spent.My only peeve is the screen and camera lens lay practically flush with the device and in my opinion, that makes both susceptible to possible damage when placed on surfaces.  I solved this by adding the Incipio SA-296 Feather case which while offering little protection against drops onto concrete, it does its job to raise the lens and screen enough to protect them both.

I ordered my phone last Monday & got it Friday. I got a great deal on a one day special & got it for $259! I LOVE it. I've had two other phones w/ Virgin Mobile. The Samsung Intercept - it was horrible! The other was the Kyocera Rise. It was a pretty good little phone,  but I wanted an SIII. Did I mention how much I love this phone?  I love everything about it.  The battery does drain faster, but it's not a deal breaker by any means. Just keep a charger handy, one in the house,  one in the car.  I've not been away from the house w/ it yet,  but when I do, I'll have my car charger, just in case.  I've dropped my other phones & they survived. This one is so much thinner & that makes me nervous. I bought the white Samsung cover for it. Love it too. It looks great & fits perfectly. I'm also going to purchase some screen protectors for it. Bottom line, it's a fab phone & Amazon has the best price on it. I love the phone & the fact that I got mine for under $300!! Not being locked into a ridiculosly high contract is great too.

This phone was a gift from my wife, because my HTC evo 3D died on me. So far I love this phone, it reliable and pretty durable.  And for the price you can't go wrong.  It beats paying $400.00 for the exact same phone at Radio Shack or Best Buy.

Ive had the pleasure of owning at least one device on Virgin Mobile Service from each of the big players like HTC, Apple, and LG but the Galaxy S III definitely stands above the rest!The Samsung Galaxy S III is a super slick phone and a major step up from the Galaxy S II and any other device on Virgin Mobile.Super fast processor, 4G LTE, AMAZING screen quality, surprisingly light weight, CRAZY thin, and TONS of customization options via Android 4.3, makes this thing a beast of a smartphone.Im quite impressed with Sony's software additions like S Voice functions. While not quite as sleek as Siri, the S Voice search and commands worked pretty good when i tested it. Results were produced really quick and the device had absolutely no issue in picking up my exact commands spoken by word.Basically you just open S Voice via the icon and say &#34;Hi Galaxy&#34; then proceed with a question or command. &#34;open facebook&#34; or &#34;play music - Lenny Kravitz&#34; and the S Voice will open the folder and ask you what song you want to hear from that artist. OR you can ask something like &#34;what is the weather like in London England?&#34; and a weather page will open with graphical details and information.Overall, VERY impressive. I tested it fairly thoroughly when i first got my phone and it rarely ever came up with an error or issue.Using the phone itself presented the fairly similar Android Jelly Bean experience with Sony's few additions but overall very familiar to the other flagship devices on other carriers.  Loads of customization options and a plethora of app store apps to load up on the phone. Also, plenty of space on the hard drive for apps AND you can actually save apps to the sd card. (up to 32gb micro sd cards expansion) All that allows you to load your phone UP on all the apps you want.If you cant afford the newly released Galaxy S5 on Virgin Mobile, then DEFINITELY buy this phone instead. You will not be disappointed. And since its one of the older phones on the Galaxy device lineup, accessories are very easy to find for this phone. cases, screen protectors, cases with stands, batteries, etc, etc. and for CHEAP!Buy this now. thank me later.

As a former iphone addicted I tried out the samsung. After weeks of using it I want to say: bye bye applePro:-display is absolutely top, for me much better than this of iPhone4S-CPU performance very good-battery life much better than that of iPhone4SContra:-enlarge function of the browser doesn't work properly sometimes. It's annoying but not critical.so definitely 5 stars for the device. Would recommend it.

The only thing I'm disappointed about is that a week later I found. The same phone exactly for $199.00 including taxes it was very disappointing

No complaints.  I've had the phone for a couple of months now.  I plan to keep it until it dies or I do.

I should have just gotten this from the beginning it handles everything so well and the larger screen makes doing more easier. It has a good amount of memory (although there is never enough of that), the processor works well and with the latest android upgrade it is set to last awhile. My only minor complaints would be that the auto brightness doesn't work very well (to dark) and that the power button is in the wrong spot for how I hold the phone (left handed). Battery life is all in how you set the phone up, what you use and how often you use it. I have all non essential things turned off such as Facebook app, news feeds, live wall papers, and I can listen to music all day at work and still have over half battery left at end of day. For the price this is a good phone compared to others.

killer phone!  prepaid is the way to go, you can ditch it at any time. i'm never signing up for contracts again.  virgin mobile rents sprints networks anyway, it's worth checking out. i used worse phones on virgin mobile before upgrading to this. and it's a beast smartphone.

Exactly the phone I need! It has a fast processor and a great camera. I would recommend this phone to those considering.

Purchased for my daughter who got rid of her iphone 4S

I bought a cheap android phone hoping to just make it work and I was completely frustrated by the lack of flexibility and power. So I upgraded to this Galaxy S3 for a good price even though it was more than the cheaper knockoff. I should have just bought this one first and saved the hassle. I am completely satisfied with this phone and recommend it highly. I also love Virgin Mobile's service. I'm saving $55 a month over Sprint for basically the same service.

Great Phone

I love it, but I feel like it's a bit too slow when connected to the internet, but other than that it met all of my expectations.!!! :D

I had my old phone for 4 years so this is like stepping into the future. Nice phone gets great reception. Took a bit of work to get my number transferred but Virgin Mobile was very helpful and had it up in a few minutes.
