
nice little phone. really good deal for an inexpensive ipod like device; I'm not even using the phone portion, just using as an Android 4.x powered media player and connecting to Wifi when I need to.

Why cant any of these listing say which carrier the prepaid phone will be on?  Had to buy it to find out its a TMOBILE phone.  I like em but in my area their 3g is spotty.  Listing should say GSM-A or GSM-T or CDMA-S or CDMA-V. Seems simple enought dont it?

Nice phone but it is a little slow at some times. At least it has a little more internal memory than my last phone did.

this is the lowest priced brand new android 4.0 phone I could find. it works great. I paid $25 with free 2 day shipping. I couldn't even find a Chinese phone at that price.

excellent team

The telephone has blocked without and extinguishes the predenrlo to every moment remains hung and comore two and they have the same problem in addition it cannot be activated from another country for the roming the seller is not a clear manifastando what selling this one they must place queel telf only it can be used in close conditions hare buys it as a test for then adquir others of the same brand already not and estare earring of sell do not buy this telfono sentiran dissatisfaction for his functioningClick the stars to rate it..............................For my it does not have a good qualification I am not satisfacha with the purchase

this is the same one i found at walmart for $100 its a little slow and dont have a lot of memory but for $40 its prolly the best phone online per dollar

When I got this awesome phone I was FLOORED at how  like advanced, fast ,and easy this is to handle----a low price, works like a million!!

This phone does so many things you will hardly believe that it was so affordable. Awesome phone, awesome price, so many apps can be added through Google play. Enjoy hours of fun.

I've had this phone for almost 6 months and we've nicknamed it "toilet phone" because it will end up in the toilet someday soon. Not enough memory for any apps to work properly (forget about Facebook). Takes almost an hour to do anything because it crashes CONSTANTLY and the keyboard is full of bugs.Camera is worthless. This phone is STUPID and only good for phone calls. Save up for a more expensive Samsung or other brand - you'll end up throwing this turd in the toilet in a frustrated rage too, eventually. I HATE THIS PHONE!!!

CHEAP AND PERFECT. Im always having problems with my phones, but this was the smartest purchase in my entire life!

great phone! it's handy and efficient for me. I will eventually upgrade to a better one.Highly recommend buying one for starters.

there has to admitted that it's a Tracfone, it means that it's not working and is blocked for other states...

I like the phone; however, it is locked into T-Mobile, which is 2G in my area; therefore I will not buy another 30 day air time with Net10, specifically because I cannot enjoy any video through this service..  I cannot say how pleased I have been with Amazon and Amazon services.

We had an issue with the SIM card when we first received it, it was not compatible in our area, but they sent us a  new one free of charge and once we got it, the phone worked great. Seems to be working great so far for my 11 year old daughter, she has had it for about 2 weeks now and we have had no problem.

Bought this phone for my nephew, and he love the phone because it is fast and it multitask and is easy to use.  However, he did not like that it installs everything on the phone instead of the SIM card.JamQueenMiami Gardens, FL

Does the job. Occasionally it flips out on me and auto presses itself to do a whole bunch of things on my screen, fixes itself by locking and unlocking the screen.

My son absolutely loves his phone especially after the disappointment we experienced after Christmas from another dealer.  We will definitely revisit.

really fast service it was what the add said it would be easy to activateit is a really nice phone for the price

I have been very happy with this phone. While it doesn't have the bells and whistles of some of the newer, more expensive phones, it has Android Ice Cream 4.0.4. It's processor is fast enough to handle running Netflix and Hulu plus, making it nice for watching shows. I have had issues with running Kindle on it, and it takes up a lot of internal memory, even with the app moved to the sd card so I don't use it on the phone. It does have access to the play store, which is nice. For someone who doesn't need a top of the line, newest phone or for someone who is wanting a decent prepaid phone without dropping a lot of money, I definitely recommend this phone!

I love this little smart phone. It is a great value for what I plan to use it for. The screen resolution is high def. The google play app allows for me to download plenty of my favorite apps easily. The set up is a breeze even for me who is no techy person. Having some difficulty finding a holder (protector) to fit this size phone. Now for the drawbacks. The ringer is way to low for my taste. If the phone is not right near me or in front of me I might miss the phone ringing. I need the sound louder. I will have to investigate or purchase a louder or more distinct ring tone (bummer). Also, the virtual key board has to be pressed rather hard to connect with the letters. I am not under 30 so my texting skills may not be as adept as the younger generation, but having to press so hard causes me to have a lot of misspelled words and having to retype what I am trying to text. The picture camera is clear and bright. I am still learning the features. I have only had the phone about 3 weeks. I need to learn how to forward a picture that has been texted to me if that is possible. I have difficulty finding my voice mail function so I can listen to my voicemails. A few other small glitches but that is probably just a matter of my getting more familiar with the phone. Otherwise, again a great value, nifty and good little workhorse phone for someone like me...I just want to talk a lot, text some, stream some, surf the net in a pinch and not drop the phone! Oh one more thing...does not need to go to sleep so fast (turns off automatically).

I'm going to leave this short and sweet, if you look up reviews for this phone and even on youtube they talk about the unresponsive keyboard and lag this phone has. It even decides to force-close itself out of random stuff by itself when I'm doing something. A horrible god-awful phone that loses signal constantly, and when it DOES barely have any signal, it's a bar or two at the most.I ditched this phone and got the LG Optimus Extreme instead for the refurb price of $24.99 and it's a super computer in comparison to this phone. I'd even take my old sucky Galaxy Centura from Straight Talk over this piece of crap Huawei Inspira....DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY

I bought this phone for my mom, I tried it to see how everything worked. Works great, does not lag, nor drops calls. My mom loves it, happy mother's day to her. (:

I received the phone much sooner than anticipated.  Out of the box, I was able to use the Wi-Fi and connect to my home network.  Also, it was a breeze transferring files from my computer to the SD Card (a 4GB I removed from another phone).  You can't lose with this deal!!

Cant beat the price with the android OS that this phone has in it. I bought it for my mom since she never owned a smart phone but was interested in mine. So its a good starter phone.

great phone for the money. would recommend for entry level users. easy to use and comfortable in my big hands.

Description states it is GSM but the phone does not allow you to use a different service provider. This phone is hard locked by the seller and it can not be unlocked. What is the point of saying it is GSM when you can't use a different SIM card?!  Amazon description does not say anything about it being required to use NET10. Only after trying to use another service provider do you read the fine print that says, punishable by law up to $5k if you unlock phone.This phone was purposefully chosen because it was GSM, so it is useless as a phone.  Other than that, it works great as a hand-held device for kids to play their Angry Birds on.

Had a bit of trouble with the sim activation, had to spend money on a new sim card, but otherwise it was good.

The phone works perfect, is flawless! I absolutely would recommend this to anyone! The shipping was faster than any other website I researched before buying this phone also!!! Extremely happy!

It can not be used with T-Mobile SIM card. Only NET10. /=\. Please tell the buyer the truth. OK? Thanks.

cell phone does not work in my country as it is blocked and has not been possible to access, should have equipment for sale unlocked abroad and / or open bands

slow phone very weak some stuff is good like instagram but everything else is weak keyboard is horrible.'

I bought this and its ok don't take good picture, slow, and sometimes does a clicking noise while talking on the phone. honestly i rather you do not make the mistake i did and don't buy it

GOODNIGHT BUY TWO PHONE HUAWEI INSPIRES BUT ARE NOT RELEASED THERE IS POSSIBILITY Q ME SEND THE CODE TO UNLOCK THEM OR REMOVED THE LINE...-LIVE IN VENEZUELA AND NOT BE Q DO...-

Bought this phone and then used it for Straight Talk cell phone service.  I now get GREAT service at my home!  Before I had Sprint service which didn't work in my house.  I made sure the SIM card and phone I picked were compatible with the nearest AT&T towers and I have been very pleased.  The phone isn't the best smart phone.  But it meets all of my needs.  Stays charged all day long and only has to be restarted every few days.  I highly recommend Straight Talk and the Huawei Inspira to everyone who wants to get away from 2 year contracts and over a hundred dollar phone bills per phone.  I spent about $40 on this phone plus just under $50 per month.  HUGE SAVINGS!

I've had the phone for less than a month, and I was sitting here unwinding by playing Angry Birds...I barely put pressure on the screen and now there is a crack on it :/  I did not put any more pressure than I usually put on it... not sure why it cracked... very sad as I don't have the money to replace it right now

Needed to buy a prepaid phone.  Wanted an android based device.  This Huawei Inspira is alright.  Its reception is okay.  I have definitely had better phones.  It is also very limited on style options in the setting.  It is okay for a very cheap, basic phone.  I'm glad this is only temporary.

it is good for the price that I paid.  works better than the one i had before. I would recommend it

Took them forever to start the shipping process, but still got there in time! Packaging could have been better...I bought three phones and the box had space for four, so one of the phones had space to slide around and potentially get damaged.

I learned a bit about android wit this purchase. and i think i got a heck of a deal! nice

I would recommend this phone to anybody who wants a smart phone but not a super expensive one. The shipping was super fast and I even chose the 5-8 shipping day. I got the phone on Tuesday and wasn't suppose to until Saturday. The phone is not what I was expecting at all, it is much better. Very pleased with this device!

for the price this phone works great i have no real complaints the prox sensor is a little slow but it still is a wonder for the price

The phones features and abilities are exactly what I expected, but the touch screen has been messed up since out of the box.  It often doesn't recognize my request or touch, and it does stuff on its own.

The phone is great as well as the price. It has a lot of features and a lot of memory. The service is impeccable.Great decision.

I received my phone yesterday, and I cannot activate it. When I tried to have the minutes added to it, they told me that the sim card is no good, now why would the sim card be bad if its a band new phone? I do love that I can download games and stuff and play them on the internet, but I need to be able to get it activated. Did anyone else have this problem?

I ordered the items back in December, 2013. I was very disappointed in that the items were locked to Net 10 so could not be used with any other provider. I was however refunded.

I love this phone works great. Everything very professionally packaged. Everything handled nicely

Phone doesn't have a front view camera, so you can't use apps like Skype, tango and other similar apps. Phone is locked so you can't use it in any other network .

It's a useful phone, and for the price it's being sold at, you can't get much better. Buy a microSD card with it if you want some real storage capacity.

Piece of the shit android phone. We recommend you spend you phone on something else. You are better off with a Razor

The phone preforms kinda slow. And net10 has the worse customer service ever Had me on hold for an hour tryin to switch my number over.
