
Another great deal from Amazon....  I purchased this Nokia Lumina 520  unlocked  for myself and it is a great phone and it is unlocked  would rate it a 6 star...

The phone did meet my every expectations I bought it for my niece for her birthday and she loves it so much that she stared using it from the very second she received it I am very pleased with this purchase

love the phone works real great only one thing cant send pictures message but it agreat phone for the moneyreal fast on what it does i would recomends this phone.

This is a good smartphone for a beginner.  I bought it for may father a month and he is happy being able to read mails, read news  and navigate wi fi in the internet also He likes the camera.  overall good product for the price.

Great  product would recommend it. Only problem cannot use the mms, still cannot figure out how to get it done

Is small and fast, great product

Very nice cel phone and appears to be unlocked ( at list in USA) but it is in Chile where must work.Only complaint so far is that the attached to the celphone did not match the actual Model and type sent.

It's taking some getting used to...also I was stupid and didn't realize it requires a MICRO SIM. No worries. Beautiful look and feel. Very durable. The back is a little hard to pop off though.It's pretty classy, I think. Bravo.OH! And I received this in LITERALLY 3 days from order. AWESOME!!!

The hardware part is fine but the software is lacking of some very important features like true multitasking, notification center, only one possible launcher (it is not interchangeable), and lack of apps (in comparison to IPhone and Android). Not having these features affects the overall user experience of this phone.Lacking obvious features that everybody (at least the buyers of this phone) seems to ignore

I liked your phone it good

Nokia phones have long had a reputation for being easy to use due their simple setup and outstanding performance. I purchased this to replace an old Nokia E71 that had done its time and as well as try out the Windows Phone system. My main challenge was in getting the 3G cellular internet service to work. After several unsuccessful attempts and phone calls, I visited my mobile service provider who resolved the problem. It appears the APN settings I'd been using for years in other phones were incompatible with  Windows Phone. WiFi Internet works great, btw.

Nobody wants this phone, no have flash for the camera, and is very slow. The price is slow too, so...

Never taught that I would like this phone so much, best investment that I have ever made on a cell phone. The company was prompt.

The only complaint I have regarding this product is that it is NOT unlocked when you receive it....OK, the seller DID send mean e-mail telling me how to unlock it when I received it, but that is NOT the point...It is clearly marketed as being &#34;unlocked&#34; and that is simply untrue...So why not be honest say that it is &#34;un-lockable&#34;?

I've been using android for 3yrs already. And Window8 is kinda challenge for me. But i love it. I use it for my work(office apps). Even though it doesnt have flash but the camera is awesome. Love it!!

Great product. I am impressed with the Windows 8 features. The Apps are great. There is so much one can do with this phone.However, I am still searching for the Data Sense app.

I like Windows Phone, but since this is the Euro version I can not use it to it's full 3G speeds (900/2100). This was my fault for not asking the seller the version. I kept the phone as a backup.  Since this is the low end of the WP you do not get the  all the features like the  more costly ones. It would be nice to have a flash with the camera. Just remember to check with your provider as to make sure you get the right version.  Will be purchasing a higher end WP in the near future.The questions always comes up about the apps and Windows has plenty of apps, Android has duplication and sometime simple is better....

I definitely love it. The best phone i ever own. The price can't be better. And windows phone is fast and simple. Well done Nokia

I am not good at 3C product.  This one works for me.  It is easy to use and touch panel fucntion well.... I would recommend this product to my friends.

I bought the Nokia Lumia as a present for my daughter for doing well in her exams but it has proved unusable.  She was unable to download any apps.  We had to setup a micro-soft account to download any apps - we encountered untold problems with this . I checked online and many people have the same problem. I have spent three days online trying to get the problem sorted with no resolution to date. The setup really needs to be made easierI would not recommend this product to anyone I absolutely regret the decision to purchase

This is my first experience with Windows 8.  Nothing special about the phone, but it works and the tiles make it very easy to get accustomed to using it.  I have bought it for international use which I will try starting next week.  The phone was unlocked, but for some reason MetroPCS could not activate it (MetroPCS was purchased by T-Mobile and now uses their GSM network).  Seller confirmed it was unlocked and suggested I tried t-mobile directly.  I went to T-Mobile store and it was activated on their network within 10 minutes.  Please note the phone I received was AT&T branded (meaning it had AT&T software and symbol during start-up).  By activating it on T-mobile I confirmed it was unlocked and ready to accept international SIM cards.  As far as the phone it is a basic smartphone, it shows some lag when  using keyboard to input text into the store textbox and apps take a moment to load.  At this price I wasn't expecting a top end smart phone and this did not disappoint.  It will do fine for my usage which is to use only when I travel internationally.  If for some reason it doesn't work when I go abroad I will update the review.

Good phone! It runs smooth and the tiles are nice. However, the experience is not really full in the sense that if compared to the iOS experience it is as if it just falls short. It does not really exceed it (the windows OS vs iOS). The physical phone is good but since it doesn't have a front facing camera, it is limited. The picture quality and video though are really nice.

It's a grate product! I'm really happy with the phone. Let see how goes with the time. I hope the same for all you.

Am very, very disappointed.  The plastic pressure point on the cover to operate the on-off switch is very poorly constructed and did not even allow me to turn the device on and off easily.  I had to switch to a very old Nokia basic phone for duration of my overseas trip.  I will not buy a Windows phone again.

Great price, great product. This cellphone fill my spectates of the initial experience in the smartphone world. The dealer is a one hundred percent recommended. thanks a lot

my note2 fell on the ground and become dead (crack on the screen), so I decide to buy a new phone for me, after searching, I try to challange myself with windows phone although my friend told me a WP, for all product, will frustrate you without any doubt.To be honest, I like WP system, it is more straightforward, simple and easy to manage, at least for me. the system runs without any stuck when you try to slide or touch. I also like the pattern in the main screen.The terrible thing is it can never assess to the campus wifi, although I checked all disscussion forum, I never figure it out. My itouch and my previous note2 can log in just fine. I really get frustrated for this point and that is also the reason why I give 3 stars.THE WIFI ISSUE MADE ME NUTS!!!

I've never owned a Nokia before but this is a great phone it's easy to understand and overall a good buy. didn't like the fact that i couldn't change the screen though. So just as you see it there is just how it is.

I can receive and send phone calls and text messages. However I cannot sign in to any email accounts. Two error messages pops up 1) FFFFFE7O, 2) OX8009000B. My service provider said that the data section on the phone is locked.

The phone met my expectations. It is working perfectly and has everything I need.  I do like it so far!

The phone is great, though I bought it for my brother, I didn't get a chance to use it.but my brother was very happy with it. Thanks.

i did not receive earphones with it but it works wonderful.very fast. still trying to adjust to new phone. disappointed about the earphones

Good price! Good over allThe only think I do not like from it is the back cover, because it do not hold in tightThis phone cost me about one hundred dollars,  that is the must people should pay for phone.Used to have an iPhone wich I Got on one of my birthday, fall down and finish there just a couple on months after my cousin gave it to me, so 600 hundreds dollars passed away!This one had fall a couple of time and nothing happens to it!

This phone is great it works very fast and i can even see netflix on the phone if i want to, the apss are faster the only thig that i did not see on the phone was headsets and it should come with it but i did not see them, otherwise then that the phone is great for the price you pay.

Nice phone.. amazing features. . Love the tiles..

The phone is very responsive and easy to use. it looks and feels like a much more expensive phone. The phone is user friendly as far as setup and applications, email, etc.

This product is working wonderfully. I was able to connect it to my Straight Talk account just fine. The sound quality for music as well as calls is wonderful.

The photo shows the handset but the box did not contain the handset, but the phone works perfectly but.If not for that would give 5 star.

Just got the phone, everything its ok. My special person it's going to be happy with this present. Thank you!!!

I think it's a bit complicated for me to use because I don't do all those high tech things like everyone does but since it's Nokia I just love it because I drop my phone a lot and Nokia is the toughest phone in the world and it's perfect for me.

i don't know if someone received a bad phone here, but this phone i bought was new and unlocked so five stars !

The phone worked perfectly..plus it linked me to my msn email address...It have a great camera minus a flask....the store have great apps

First off, Amazon is not a fault for why I'm writing this review.  Having said that, I'm appalled by the way this product shows itself as an unlocked all around phone.  I cannot use it with my service,the boxing was completely different than advertised.  I am returning asap, wouldn't recommend this to anyone.

Average review not for the device itself, which is actually a fine smartphone.I was upgrading from the HTC HD7, I wanted to get a WP8 device, and the Lumia 520 was specced appropriately for my use. The price here seemed reasonable for a last-gen phone, and although I assumed I wouldn't be getting a retail-packaged device, I did kinda expect a brand new OEM-packaged US unit. What I actually got was a Canadian-branded (Koodoo) pay-as-you-go package that had quite clearly been returned (the blister pack had been re-taped where it was sliced and the inner plastic was crumpled and dirty). The phone itself was clean enough and everything works fine. I've hooked it up to StraightTalk and it's actually a great phone - much faster than my HD7 and some great new features in WP8.I just thought folks should be aware that you may not get a brand new device, even though I didn't see anything on the product page to indicate it was used.

I just got a call back from a computer company. It took forever to get to the screen where I could answer the phone. Then they said press one to talk to someone. There was no way I could do it in time because I had to get through a bunch of other screens to get to the dialer. Nothing is simple. You have to got through screen after screen to get anywhere.  Either the screen is over-responsive and you go to the wrong place or what's worse it under responds and you are one step away from where you want to go forever.

This item is in good quality. Even though this is a cheap cell phone, I can still experience many Nokia and Microsoft apps. It's totally beyond my expectation. I think it would be working greatly with an extra SD card, for it comes with only less than 5GB other than the part system documents have used. The battery life can barely approach 24 h under frequent using. This cell phone is compatible with most CDMA network.It's supposed to come with two rear covers but one actually.

This phone worked great except for one flaw. The damned dedicated photo button. You find yourself constantly turning the camera on whenever you remove it from a pocket or handbag. My wife decided that she was more comfortable with her feature flip phone. It takes less pictures of the e inside of her purse. We returned it.

I hate the phone.  The windows operated system is ridiculous

I fried the battery by accident but yes , it's a great phone. Updated to Windows Phone 8.1 Developer Preview and it handles it well but I start to see the limitations of it with the 512MB RAM. Otherwise, it's a greeat phone. Does everything I need. Don't expect much from the camera, it's not a PureView, although the colours are accurate. Feels nice in the hand. A bit slow. What else?

Very good phone with less price,quality and usage are good.Camera quality good.Sometimes phone getting heat not all the time,connect with laptop at present not connecting , but 1st may onward the provider allowing to connect with laptopI recommend to all.

This phone is bery good beyond my expectation. It came on time and mine came unlocked as described. Like some people said in the review i read before i bought mine that it wasn't unlocked. Anyway am so fortunate for mine to be unlocked and immediately i inserted my SIM card there was service and i started using it but the only think i didn't take notice was that it takes micro SIM and regular SIM. It was stated there but i didn't notice it.This phone is working great for me, Good phone that i wish to have for use, is working regularly.

I would consider this item to be very useful and affordable with all its features.I would sugges it to anyone in the market for a low cost smartphone

cell phone arrived in the estimated time but hurts not my family not able to enjoy because a friend took him away on a flight to Caracas, Venezuela and suitcase which was the cell phone can misguidance because someone else took that of my friend and the person who took her is not listed but the shipping was perfect came sealed in compliance with the conditions of amazon, but sorry that we could not enjoy the cell phone. but thanks for the article and its service. greetings Leonardo Padron

No Contract, no payments, just a great phone with the underrated Windows 8 phone OS.  Camera is the greatest but this is  a phone right?  Should not have put Angry birds on it because now the kids are always trying to steal it so they can play.  I like how Windows organizes People into Groups.This is an excellent budget smartphone for cheapskates that want a modern Smart phone.

Totally recommended. It's a great option for people with an average use of smartphones. Easy to use and understand the system.

UNLOCKED buy a phone and buying is very clear, but I do not lelgo so only for this AT & T line and I love her with open wings, now I need a code for UNLOCKED and do not possess
