
good device, excelent performance thingood device, excellent performance, thin and light. the internet works perfect and fast! I recommend it!

It's a good phone very fast good camara real sound good choise 100% recomended to al community buy it jejejeje

Exelente recomendado

I am in love with my phone! It is my first smart phone, thank you! I can't stp playing with it. Its perfect size, not much smaller than the S3.

I bought this phone for my wife and she loves the phone.  It takes a micro-SIM, but this is not an issue, since you can either get a new SIM from your carrier or do what I did - trim to fit.Will purchase my phone from these guys, as well.

Does it phone work here in Germany or other European countries? I don't have a contract plan and I'm not planning to that's why I'm opting for an unlocked phone..any info would be appreciated

Just want to warn some of the potential buyers: the phone has a VERY low ringing volume, so missed calls are guaranteed.  In a noisy street you may sometimes not hear it ring in your pocket even at a maximum volume.  Otherwsie it has everything you'd need in an average modern phone.

excelente

I love this phone!!  It is fast and light and does everything I want.  The only slight difficulty I had is that because it is an international phone (came from India), T-Mobile couldn't (or wouldn't) help me with support.  It took calls to several different phone numbers and visits to a couple of websites before I was able to get a user's manual and help with a few things I was having difficulty setting up or figuring out.  Once I navigated those difficulties, it has been smooth sailing!!

Everything good.

its good one.

The phone features and the carrier are great, the unique problem was THE BATTERY PHONE, it's die completely after 45 days of I bought, start to charge less and less, week by week, the time to replace was over, so I better spent another $50 box in a new one, but this time from a store close to me.BE AWARE, this seller sold me a phone with a old battery, check it fast when you buy, I waited for my monthly plan due to start this new phone was bad decision, put it on your carrier as soon as possible, if the battery die, than return it fast.

I recommend you to buy this phone ..it really works for me ..smooth nd fast nd it has great features ...great price

TAKE CARE,,,,,,,This is an &#34;AMERICAN MODEL&#34;,,,,,,,and is only compatible with a SIM-card issued from a mobile operator within the Americas ( North, South, and central Americas and the Caribbean). This statement is written on the side of the box. I am returning the phone back

It is all right, the buy was made no problem, the package arrived in excellent condition.  I appreciate it very much

This phone did not work in Europe and I found out it is made to use in North and South America Do not buy it if you want to use it in Europe or Asia

This is a great product no issues thus far, really enjoying my upgrade. However, I find the battery dies quickly especially when Wi Fi is in use.

I love my new phone!! To start things off, I got my packet on time. This phone isn't as powerful as the full version,but still an amazing smartphone. It has all the features I need and has a perfect size since I don't like huge phones. I'm happy with my product. Thanks

The deliver was very fast and didn't miss anything; the box where it comes is tiny and compact (i love that, other way much material is wasted) and it's complete (it comes with usb charger, earphones, quick start guide, etc). The phone is super fast and allows many apps that i couldn't install before on my old cell phone, the colors and image quality is amazing and all the functions and menus are easy to use and customizable. The &#34;dual sim&#34; thing i haven't used it yet 'cause i only have one sim, but it works perfectly with one, in case you wonder.

I like this phone, definitely meet my expectations. It's fast, small and quite light, I recommend you to try it!

The smartphone is very good. The mode of shipping was proper. The size is the most attractive feature for me, since almost all the top devices, except Iphone, are very large. Besides this, all the apps open, close and run very fast, meaning the hardware was properly build. Another good thing is the battery. For me, it lasts 1 entire day of medium use (open Facebook, check e-mails, play a game eventually, use the GPS). Usually I have about 15% of the battery left after 12h-14h of use. If you think the price is also good, as I did, I strongly recommend.

Nice phone with perfect palm size.  Just need to remember to get the correct sim card.  I recommend to buy.

Great phone, works perfectly in South America. I havent had any problems with it so far and the screen resolution is far better than I had expected.

This phone is not as described (not 4G).  This phone is old 3G Technology.  I would have never spent this much money on a 3G device.  3G Technology internet is too slow.  A waist of time.

Its difficult to believe all that they have crammed into this small, flat package!  My only problem is to learn how to use them all! I can't do justice to a competent review of it, despite my computer literacy, there are so many capabilities for a device of this size!

Nice phone a pretty good one i say imgifted to my husband he loved it quality pictures is very nice

OTHER PRODUCT RECEIVED, I LIVE IN VENEZUELA WHEN OPEN THE BOX WAS ANOTHER PHONE SAMSUNG S3 MINI, I WANT MY MONEY

I loved this phone. My goal was to buy a phone that I wouldn't have to keep changing as new technology comes out and it serves just that purpose. It's super fast - which is the most important thing I required in the device. I love the android interface and to be able to sync with my contacts, address book, email, calendar, chats, etc. It will also take dual sims and I'm exciting about being able to use it abroad when traveling to other countries. That's a major plus :)

I got this as a gift for my family in INDIA. I wanted to buy unlocked phone so that it can be used with any gsm sim in INDIA . But, It did not work in India as I realized later that it had a regional lock. There is sticker on the box pack that says &#34;American model:This product is only compatible with sim card issued from mobile operator within Americas.(North, south, central Americas and the Carri bean). Unfortunately this important sticker was concealed by seller ( OPEN GROUP WIRELESS). They had covered it with their own sticker that says &#34;thank you for your purchase. If you need help or support email us at .....blah blah)I emailed them asking about this issue ..but there was no response at all. Not even any acknowledgement....fortunately amazon understood my situation and gave full refund and I returned the phone after coming back to the US.So please beware of shopping with Open group wireless seller unless you really don't care about customer service......

I wasn't sure wether to buy this phone, but it's definitely perfect!  It has all the same things as the S4 but is much easier to handle.  Definitely would advice everyone to buy it.  You have all the must in a 3g phone.

Fine.

The phone has all the capabilities that are advertised. I just put in my new chip and it started working.

I love this phone even though I still miss pushing buttons on my old Blackberry :)Make sure you read up online on how to use voice commands to ask your Android phone to do different things, e.g. opening apps, navigating or mapping a location, etc. Also, install apps, such as Google Now, which let you use your phone productively.

I bought this phone and works very well. Everything arrived as the seller indicated. I gave 4 stars because this phone doesn't have the light that indicates that you have a new message and it doesn't have the smart pause like his bigger brother.

perfect the equipment meets all featuring recommend provider flawlessly to this supplier

I'm really disappointed about the battery. I love this phone and I try to save battery, but is not enough....reduce the screen brightness, turn off GPS, set mode battery save but is not enough. I usually need to have my power bank all time

I wanted a smart phone & I got one.The fact that I can communicate with the wider world & viser-versa is a plus for me.

This Samsung S4 Mini has all the functions that I need. Its no big like the S4 and thats good

We got this for my sister who lives in Ecuador, and she absolutely loves it! It takes a smaller than usual sim card, so you'll have to get it cut to the right size. Once she got it working right, she hasn't been able to put it down.

I bought it, because here in Venezuela is very expensive. But, the cell phone is really amazing. I affirm, this s4 mini works perfectly with Movistar (H+), Digitel and Movilnet. I'm so happy! I recommend it.

Nice to hold it in hand. Convenient to access any point of the screen with one hand (my hand is far from the biggest). At the same ime, the screen is quite big. Amazing features of the camera including Instargam-like and more advanced. 2 sim-cards is very useful for me.

It is a good phone; nice size. 8gb is not enough space, and the phone has alot of apps that u don't need, and I am still having problems sending pic text, or emails. But all over it is a pretty good phone.

There are many good things about this phone&#8230; it's a usable size bucking the mindless trend in limiting state-of-the-art functionality to enormous phones being chief among them, though the idea that &#34;something has to be held back&#34; is still there. It hasn't been a clean break between target platform size and included functionality. The fact the battery is removable and the external memory is extendable should absolutely not be something you have go out of your way to praise, but here we are&#8230; fools in cubicles are taking away common-sense design elements on a daily basis&#8230; and other fools are snapping them up without a whit of pushback. I've owned a tech company that supplies manufacturers such as this with engineering tools and licenses my IP to them for 30 years and truly don't care for the customer-ignorance-exploiting tack many manufacturers have moved to in the past decade.So, I do like much of what this phone incorporates but there is a single show-stopper for me that both prevents me from recommending it, or keeping it. In addition to the hard-to-hit power button (which would be even harder to hit if they put it on the top edge), the home button on the front of the phone turns the phone on CONSTANTLY while it's in your pocket. It has caused a 911 butt dial (far, far beyond acceptable) and on a more mundane level, it literally destroys its already mediocre battery life (this phone can't hold a candle to some of its competitors in this category). I would say with this serious design flaw in place, I am getting battery life that reminds me of early 90's Moto flip phone days. It is TERRIBLE because some guy who shouldn't be designing things made this both the default behavior and did not make it a user setting. Yes, you can go play with aftermarket fixes that involve rooting but 99+ % of the phone's target market won't go there. This crippling design decision should never ever have made it past an initial design review. Oh yea&#8230; I'm sick of the sound of those buttons coming from my pocket too. Some won't mind putting up with it&#8230; some of us just won't go there.I'm not certain the following is the platform or the OS, but I am unable to voice dial via my headset without picking the phone up and entering my unlock code. If that is a manufacturer decision, then change the title of this to &#34;Two Crippling Design Flaws&#34;. Unlikely I'll find out&#8230; it's going back.

meets the expectations I agree to the productexcellent 5 stars thank recommendand I bought two and would buy another

It is everything I expected it to do, and your efficient system of notifications for both purchase and shipment is superlative. Your shipment rates for purchases to South Africa are however extremely prohibitive.. I would be buying a lot if shipment wasn't three times the price of the item! But your US service is top notch.. I love it! My family loves it!

Good price for all these features, I will get another one. I will not go back to I-phone. it is half the price for factory unlocked.

I purchased this phone as an unlocked phone as I travel overseas and use local GSM cards. During my first trip overseas after getting the phone, I attempted to install the local SIM card and the phone asked for an unlock code.  I checked with the local mobile phone operator and they told me that you need to get the unlcok code from the manufacturer as your phone is locked.  I emailed the seller notifying them that the phone is locked, and they kept insisting that it is not.  Although I kept telling them that I couldn't use the phone overseas, they insisted in their claim, as if they are saying that I must be crazy or stupid.BOTTOM LINE, this phone is not what is advertised.  It is unlocked only in certain parts of the wold (US probably only) and no where else.The system forced me to put a star.  It doesn't deserve one.

Pros: very small & light, fast processing speed, speaker loudCons: Pixels / ram has a hard time with heavy graphics, it's a USA model (will not work internationally), dual sim -- 1 sim slot is strong, but 2nd sim slot is NOT (unsure if this was a defect but have tested same network in each slot).TIPS: BEST to buy from FULFILLED by Amazon -- so you don't have to go through hassles of buying product ship from China and have to return to China.. I am more confident in buying dual sim phones sold by Amazon or Fulfilled..

I purchased this mobile since this will work globally by seeing the customer reviews. But later found it only work in US even though it factory unlocked. I tried to use my abroad SIM but it asks for SIM network unlock pin. Really I got cheated. But seller helped me a lot to resolve this but didn't worked finally and I decided to return it back. I am really felt bad. So customers beware check if the mobile is region locked which is something that Samsung has started doing recently.

I have just moved back to Canada and now my Data will not work. I've had several people look at it and every concludes there is something wrong with the phone! Also, S Voice always pops up and then fails to actually work.Would not buy this phone again. :(

Very pool quality phone with missy OS,,Beg down grade from the iphone and from  the IOS and huge disappointment and waste of money

I absolutely adore this phone, it is light and sleek. Has a smooth performance and operates at an excellent pace, the dual sim capabilities work flawlessly...and I could probably go on but other reviews have already explained all of its GREAT features.I just want to let any interested buyers know that the wifi keeps dropping in and out every couple 2-3 minutes or even 30-40 seconds (and I mean EVERY), but apparently that seems to be a widespread issue with both S4s and the S4 minis based on numerous results I found on the internet. However there are a number of successful solutions, but unfortunately none have worked for me as yet. I will say though that I have been bearing with it, because it only presents a challenge when I am trying to download or upload a file that takes more than a minute to process, but for other functions such as chatting and browsing the internet, it doesn't pose that much of a problem....but its honestly really annoying.Overall I love this phone, its my dream phone( and I am serious, I told God I wanted a phone with these features probably 2-3 years ago...lol), and I would have given it a 5 star rating if not for the wifi issue. So if you plan on using a data package consistently, this is the ideal phone for you :)O and btw I use my phone to the max(listening to music,video taping, chatting,even as a flash light in dark places lol...and for numerous other purposes) so my battery only lasts me 7-8 hours of full functionality, so I will be getting an extended battery and I recommend any interested buyers to budget for one, because believe me when I say, this phone can be used for almost any and everything, it is truly a "Life Companion" :)

I just loved this product. Worth the price with the features it has. I would recommend this one to my friends.

I'd owned Nokia forever but now im sold on Samsung.  Apps work without any issues.  I buy minutes and data from a company that uses ATT towers.  This phone is perfect.  Great reception,  sound is strong. Easy setup.  Smaller than S4, but this fits nicely in my shirt pocket.  Dual Sim, means I can have two numbers.  No documentation with the packing seemed odd, but ok.  Most reviews mention South America,  and this may be made for that market since the default settings were Spanish and metric. I'm feeling it's a good value as the fact that the phone has No warranty is further in the past.

This phone is amazing for the price, the dual sim works flawlessly! Super fats, smooth, samsung is giving apple a run fot its money! Love samsung phones!

GREAT CELLPHONE, USER-FRIENDLY DUAL SIM TECHNOLOGY, FAST PROCESSING. EASY COMBINED STORAGE OF PHONE NUMBERS....SAMSUNG HAS REALLY DELIVERED A SUPERIOR PRODUCT.

Excelent product!, Is fast and by far all the apps run well. The size of the phone is perfect, the cams are also very good. I use this phone in Colombia and runs perfect with any of the signals or with wifi is easy too. I recomend this phone for everyone that is looking for a good-price and quality product. Love samsung

Awful!

Phones would not work unless restarted each time you wanted to make a call or send a message. Service tech at AT&T stated the phones appeared to be &#34;REFURBISHED&#34; not new. Returned to seller for refund.

excelent phone

Excelente, el env&iacute;o fue r&aacute;pido..._

Bought this for my girlfriend at the time.  Works a lot better than her nexus.  I live in jamaica so I can't comment on the shipment speed because I used a mail forwarder.

Great ! Works everywhere ! meet my standards after all I was looking for DUAL SIM CARD ! I know I lose in power !I'm not a fan of big screens !

This is a great phone for a casual user and some hard use. If you are a massive phone user like i used to be then this is NOT for you because it slowed considerably after the first 2 weeks. For me though change was a good thing because i need to get away from using my smartphone too much. I just deleted a few non needed apps and make sure everything is on my 64g memory card... Runs like a champ now. If you need to use your phone a ton for work then i say get a better phone that can handle the beating. THIS PHONE DOES NOT WORK ON VERIZON PEOPLE!!!!!

Really enjoying this phone. Delivery time was superb! Device came in original packaging with all necessary accessories. Unlocked and worked with my Caribbean service provider. No issues with the device. Works perfectly.

Just as I turned I said do a software update, i did it, rebooted and stayed Guindado, went out and did not ever turn. I need you to help me change it or my money back. I waited three months I finally got my hands on the phone in Venezuela and I could not use it a lot more was my excitement of having it in damage.I already made a claim on Amazon, I just hope response independent salesperson to find out what I do to have it reset me, that's what I want.Sorry, but I think no one deserves your purchase goes wrong.

The phone does not work in the US on ATT for Data, seems like a nice phone but cannot hook up to data with ATT!

The camera is not that good a part from that everything work smooth very similar as and Iphone 4 s

This team of Samsung mini S4 overheats, reboots every moment, applications freezes not recommend this product live in Venezuela and I can not return because it takes 2 months to get my hands on. Do not waste your money.Este equipo de Samsung  mini S4 se recalienta, se reinicia a cada momento, se congela las aplicaciones, no recomiendo este producto vivo en Venezuela y no lo puedo devolver ya que tarda 2 meses en llegar a mis manos. No pierda su dinero.

works perfect.no issues.good price.this phone is just the holy grail .fast, responsive, shinny... forget about bb's or  i phone..

I find that it is quiet easy to navigate. It's only been about a month since I've been using it but I have come to appreciate the apps that keep me on schedule and keep my life in order.  I am really satisfied with my purchase.

After straightening out with mobile carrier Metro pcs, and verifying with another mobile store professional the duos phone is unlocked and compatible with most US carriers. Great product so far. Received phone brand new and in mint condition. Nice size just like the iPhone but all the same features of the S4.

I tried the samsung galaxy s3 but it was just too big for me. The size of the galaxy mini s4 is just right (slightly longer than an iPhone4 and thinner and lighter). This phone works for me with straight talk in the US. Just needed to add a $6 SIM card. I prefer this to the iPhone because you can add storage capacity. Initially, I had trouble with receiving mms messages, but found the APN info was off and once I fixed it by talking to a straight talk rep, it is working without problems. Really liking this phone.

Please, I need the dimentions of the box and the weigth with all the stuff. This is for international transportation calculate. Thank you.

Overall a very good phone.  However pay attention to the following issues if one of them might be a deal breaker for you:1. The phone specs claims it has hspa+.  I tried all sorts of apn settings, and I am not able to get HSPA+ with ATT LTE plan. Without HSPA+, the speed is capped at around 1.8MBps download and 700Kbps upload.2. The power button is on the right side, and for a few times, I  restarted the phone by accidentally  pressing the power button.3. It's kinda of  slippery.

Im really happy with my new phone, is fast, has everything i need, excelent camera, it works perfectly, is really confortable to handle, the delivery was as estimated. For now is really good.

The phone is amazing. I am not such a big fan of new technologies as I consider that running after the chicken!But I like it. I compared it with the Iphone and I can find a lot of things better in the S4. Size is perfect even though I miss the size of the MOTOROLA Startak.

BECAUSE THIS PHONE DOES NOT WORK PROPERLY, I BOUGHT THE SAME PHONE ON E`BAY AND HAS NO PROBLEMS WITH IT

It would be a nice phone, looks good and has ok specs. But if you have travel plans and counting on this phone to keep you connected you are up for a big surprize: It doesn't work in Europe

I like it small size as I can put inside my pocket without any tighten. The display is so clear and colorful

I strongly recommend, the cell phone is excellent and the price is more than fair for what the product gives you. This is also the best choice in termos of samrtphones with 2 simcards.

I have problem with the product, it was not what I asked for, I get a Samsung Galaxy player 5.0, (GM69-01165E), and I asked for a mini Samsung Galaxy S4. I wonder what I do for a revolso or send me a product to pay.

The s4 mini is a great phone, fantastic screen resolution and the dual sim capabilities allows me to carry one less phone around.

I love the phone, fast kn the Internet, 2chips, ideal size, can change battery. I recomend them. Bye bye .

Delivery in 2 days, new factory unlocked phone in un-opened box with all accessories advertised. I,m in rural NW USA, did a speed test and got data speeds of 3mb/s on sim1 AT&T;, not sure about sim2 H2O yet. You have to choose witch sim you want to receive data from, not both at the same time.Edit: After a few weeks use, I noticed the battery life on this phone is very good. I can normally get 12 hours standby with checking emails a dozen times or so and a couple phone calls, checking out a couple web sites, etc. and still have 80% battery left. Checking speed test in the city (Seattle) I was getting 6mb/s. The dual sim function allows me to carry one device for work and personal with different ringtones of my choice, work and personal email, text and calling. The 4.2.2 software works seamless with no lag on common apps. Haven't tried any games although.

I was a little worried because of some of the reviews I read but I am so glad I bought it. I will probably buy a 2nd one for my daughter. Even the guy at TMobile thought I got a great price when I stopped by to switch out sim cards.

very, very good, the size and the features are amaizing, the only thing i would like to be better is the battery i think it last like the others. I have the cellpone just one month but the dual sim works very fine so far.

I wanted a smartphone that I could also use to replace my dying iPod and that had a decent camera so I carry one device instead of three.  I searched for months trying to find what I wanted at a price I could live with (without a cellphone contract with horrible rates)  Throughout my searches I somehow overlooked that fact that there was a regular Galaxy S4 and a mini.  I chose this one because it was so much cheaper.  However, even if I had known the difference, I still think I would have chosen this because of the price and because the standard size would have been too large for my taste.  After searching for other differences, I saw that this model does have lesser features than the standard version, but for my needs, I think this fits the bill perfectly.

Great device with a size of an Apple iPhone 5!  Much better and easier to use than my wife's iPhone.

I was thinking about buying an iphone due to its popularity in Brazil but i was convinced by my brother to try the new samsung mini because it is dual chip and i always use two chips. I am very happy I did.

So far the only thing I do not like about the phone (taking into account that all current smartphones have a low battery life) is the amount of pre-installed apps. Everything else is good.

I bought a S4 mini i9192 from top10cell and it arrived sooner than expected, brand new, with all new items in un-open box and International version as it was described to work anywhere in the AMERICAS (just in case, I mean north, central and South america) I lived in Florida, traveled to all central America and some countries in the south and phone worked with all the carriers on each country.I have it since November and never had any problems of any kind. I used my phone for everything, and: phone does decent with high graphics Games Like modern combat 4 and does excellent with any other like The Room, assassin's creed pirates, sonic dash; when I read books or watch any Movies it doesn't lag. The only time that my phone froze was when I installed a 3rd party app to make the lock screen fancy, but once removed phone worked perfectly again. Honestly if the phone gives you any "problem", I would suggest to learn how to use the phone before complaining. One more detail, dual version means it can work with two carriers at the same time to receive and send calls or text; but Do Not Expect to get 3G on both Sims. When you switch in between sim, one will get 3G and the other 2G. And quite frankly, if Internet is slow in your phone is because of your provider not the handset.

Tremendo!

The phone looks good and size wise it's has very little difference with its full version - Galaxy S4. Though the price has been slashed by 5 dollars from what I bought, it was shipped as shown on the site. The phone comes in a brown Samsung box without a cellophane airtight seal with earphone, battery, USB cable,extra ear plugs, starter manuals and charger. But the charger is an US one and not international version.The product is no more under amazon prime for this seller. I got it in 3 days through UPS when it was under Amazon prime.

Update: Since the US site did not accept the model number and US support would not service my device I found I was able to register it on the India site and it said it was guaranteed. Now both India and the US are telling me they do not sell the phone and won't fix it and they won't tell me what Samsung site I should go through. On the box it says made in China, I do not speak Chinese and the Chinese site does not have a English option, just because it was made in China does not mean sold from China so that could be a dead end anyway. This phone was a total waste of money. This is horrible customer service, I am sure in one of the interactions I had they probably could have looked up where I should go based on the serial number and helped me with the Chinese service if that is truly where I needed to go. I will probably avoid Samsung in the future. The Motorola Moto G I got to replace it performs much better and is a significantly lower price.The phone reboots and locks up randomly. It can go for days without a problem then it may reboot once every couple of minutes over and over again. On some posts I noticed Samsung would do a complementary replacement of the motherboard on phones with this issue. Samsung is not taking responsibility, they said it is not a US phone so I need to contact support in the country I bought it from (I bought it in the US from Amazon). I found that India sells this model so I contacted them and they said I have to contact Samsung US even though I said in the inquiry to them Samsung US would not help me. Since then I have found WalMart in the US is selling this model. I guess the moral of the story is stay away from international phones unless you really need a international phone. I bought this because it was available first, probably should have waited. There are battery bloating issues and SD card issues that might cause this, I ruled both out so I beleive I am just stuck with a defective phone. The first day I noticed this but then it went away after a hour or so, assumed the software just needed to be up to date, it was not a problem again until after a month or so passed so the Amazon 30 day return had passed. Avoid this phone.

Very fast and great colors. What i dont like from it is that it is slippery, and not easy to take from a table becasue it is very thin. The designe of the iphone is squared at the borders so it is easier to handle, but otherwise it has a great software, camera and screen

I want it for chrismis but i do not know if my dad will get it for me beacues i have a iphone 3

Love this phone! Arrived on time. Am using Net 10. Took the geeks at Best Buy to reset some settings for the data to work but now works great!

Excelent

I'ts small, but it has every thing: internet, google, mail, applications, and a lot moor. I'ts easy to handle! I would recommend to my friends.

Great phone.  Intuitive.  WHY CAN'T I get RID of ALL these WIDGETS!!!.  IT's like I'm paying Verizon and Samsung to advertise to me.

All the functions are fine and it is working smart and fast.Battery is able to work for more then desired time.Design is also very inspiring.I would recommend this phone to all who can make use of the dual sim and who want sophisticated, user friendly smart phone.

Great for Panama using two different service providers

so i used it for 2 and a half months and all of a suden it broke out of nowhere... now i have no phone

This one is beautiful.  Has so many features, Cannot get to grips with all of them but I am learning daily.  I would advise the ladies to buy this beautiful phone by Samsung.

I LIKE

I wanna say that a first i was nervous to buy a phone online, but the seller was very responsable and the phone worth great, i'm from Venezuela, and use Movistar line, everything is perfect with this phone. I bought it a few months ago, and now i', totally sure to giving the seller and the phone five BIG stars. Thank You! :)

this model is Chinese version or original samsung and the screen is full hd? I hope your answer thanks for the purchase

the cellphone has great featurings, its fast, the camera is amazing, but it overheats and consumes battery really, REALLY, really fast. I dont even use too heavy apps to justify the battery consume.i thought that my iphone 5 used to consume battery quickly (less than 15h, but using all the time), but nothing compares to this cellphone.i'm really disappointed..

Excellent Product, 100% Recomended. Thank's for all. I will order more articles, probably other S4. I really love this phone.

I am very pleased with the quality of this device, both in the software and in the materials used. While the phone is made of plastic, it has a certain premium feeling about it that makes one think it is something better. The phone is also very light and fits easily in the hand and pocket (unlike the regular Galaxy S4).Software wise, the device is well organized. If you have ever used Android or even IOS before, using the Mini should be no problem. The device impressed me with its speed on both the internet and in general use. While the Mini does not have everything that the full S4 has, it is quite well stocked for the price. I was happy to see such features as the IR blaster make a return for this model.Overall, I am very happy with my purchase. Despite the fact that the device given to me was from Europe, the seller thankfully gave me a U.S. adapter to use for charging the device. I should also add that the phone works perfectly with my T-Mobile service and that call quality is superb. I would highly recommend this to someone who is considering an IPhone 5c, Galaxy S4 or any mid range device in general.

Finally a brilliant AMOLED screen on a dual sim phone. Dual core processor makes its functions more reliable and faster than the S Duos. Unfortunately, 3G works only on 1 sim card and battery life is short. Missing some Galaxy S4 functions but the iPhone-size is very handy.

I needed a phone with two sim cards and this does the trick,fast,nice size,no problems.Fits in my pocket do not need a duffel bag. lol

Ofcourse this comes pre-loaded with Google software so be prepared to sign away all your privacy and be monitored by the government. But it is a nice tool, and a normal sized phone aswell (have you seen those giant full-size S4s? How they fit into anyones pocket is beyond me). The option of having 2 microSIM cards in there is great for the international traveller. And all the add-ons for the other versions of the S4-mini fit this guy aswell.

it looks like this device is not original! the camera works very bad, the quality of the image is very poor and the phone restarts without no reason many time while you are using it! also they didnt reply to my questions on the support email. They stole my money!

I moved from a Galaxy S3 to the Galaxy S4 Mini.Dual Sim works fine, design is very close to the S4 and the size matters. Much more comfortable than a standard S3 or S4.So far no performances issues.Unfortunately as all Samsung Devices it comes with lots of software / widgets you do not need and can not uninstall.It is worth the money it costs.

Really love my cell phone, fast shipping, work with gsm net work, such as tmobile, gosmart...love the camera, really great pictures...I still love the phone, but I think some thing is wrong, with the operating system or battery, the phone already reboot it self two separate times, with in one week of use.  The phone is warranty for India resident.  I'm working with amazon to see what they can do for me...be ware, will update of the status

Highly recommended. As advertised and shipment was very prompt. The phone is very light and performes quickly. Would recommend purchasing a case when ordering this phone

The phone is beautiful. It is easy to use, the apps are great, and the screen quality is very good. I am pleased with it. However, it does have a tendency to freeze up pretty often. That could be due to memory issues but I cant be sure.

It woks perfect

I ordered it this Monday and the price has dropped by nearly 11 dollars so far, even before it is actually delivered! I believe it is a good phone, but such a ridiculous speed of price-dropping just makes me uncomfortable,like being made fool of.

The price was good .Arrives before delivery date .The fact that it has a two sim slots.Don't like , i coudn't buy a protection plan for the divice.Usualy some sellers offer  some kind of isurance.I would recomned this place to family and friends.

good team of excellent quality, meets all expectations that anyone can think of, easy to handle and fast cell. good seller, responsible! -

It was perfectly delivered and it works fine with Movistar (Venezuela)

The phone works excellent., very responsive and very clear touch screen.Pre loaded with Samsung apps and easy to navigate. Battery lasts for 3-4 days on regular use before i recharge it.Highly recommended.

excellent

It works perfectly well with my German and US sim cards.  I registered with the US card first while still in CA, just in case, after seeing some of the user feedback here.  I wish the signal would have been stronger: It's a tad weaker than my Note 1.

This is my first Samsung phone that I got my hands on.  I previously used iPhone 3GS but that broke so I got this.  It's weight was really surprising for me actually.  I got used to the weight of the iPhone that when I held this, it felt like a toy.  Size is perfect for me since the S3's and S4's size was discouraging for me. Beautiful graphics and screen and absolutely no lagging (as of now).  Sounds are clear and explicit.  Overall, very smooth features.  I am so far very satisfied with my purchase.One thing though, is that the packaged was opened, like it wasn't covered in plastic.I would definitely recommend this phone.

I ordered this phone as unlocked version to use it with any SIM worldwide. The phone I received is locked to USA SIMs only. The seller cheated me.I am filing a complaint to Amazon.

Please do not waste your money on this. I got this as gift and I was unable to return it. Within two days, the phone struck very often and the so called motion detection or gesture detection never worked. I called samsung care and I was told that this is meant to be used in Africa and I have to contact them for any questions. What the hell does Samsung think about the customers who bought it USA. Either they should have banned its selling in USA or solve their problems. Now, I understood, why people go for standard Apple Iphone. Seriously, they would treat their customers as god and so the customers are giving them good feedback. Dear Samsung... One day or the other, you are going to face consequences for your irresponsibility!!!I seriously DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT!!!!!

This was a gift to my mom and she really loved it. we recived the phone on time. We live in Venezuela and the phone works perfect.

This product was great. the phone works with my provider and It has helped me a lot. Thank you very much.

I like Samsung phones. This one has two SIMcard slotes, what is very important for me. The size of the phone fits my pocket.

I like it very much because it responds in time apart from those other moments when it hangs up & restarts all by itself. Over all, its an awesome phone to have, fits well into the palm and you can operate it using one hand. The picture and video quality is wonderful during the day, but rather dull at night. Its a phone worth the money given the wonderful and colorful internet interface display.

Fast delivery, I got the phone the very next day after I placed the order. This is the best phone I ever had, I wanted a galaxy phone but I hated how big they were and I don't like apple phones. but this is the perfect size my boyfriend wants to buy one next week.All I needed was a new sim card. And my provider (Metro Pcs) activated the phone. Love this phone!!

It's very completed, nice size, I put two lines on my phone, and work very well. the Android system is very fast and have a lot of programs.

Excellent cellphone!! its the perfect samsung for every moment !! i like because you can put it the best security for your data.

Hi,This is not working as described and I hate it. It says unlocked, but asking SIM Network Unlock PIN to use it.

It is a great phone. I've received the Americas version and works just great. Is unlocked and I just put my microsim and ready to go!Top10Cell just gave me a great treatment and the customer service from amazon.com did a fantastic job with my case.So: Great Product, Great Seller, Great web!

The phone itself worked fine but I tried to return it for a different phone and they claimed to have no proof that I purchased the phone through them. Would not do business with this company again and recommend you buying from someone else as well.

We received our phone and it works great. Unlocked from the factory. It is sharp and fast. We really like it

This phone does everything that the s4 does only in a smaller version. Perfect size. Best phone I ever owned.

Good size, fast, beautiful, compact, nice support, i got it before expected, exactly as offerted, in general best phone ever

Very good product with nice price.

With so many smart phone choices why choose this one? More importantly, DON'T get locked into a two year contract and over-pay hundreds of dollars. BUY THE PHONE YOU LIKE, then choose the service that fits your needs, Better yet, for $20 take your 'old' number and port it to Google Voice, then forward that number to your 'new' smart phone... so features like text messages of your voicemails become active. But mainly, buy a great phone like the GT-i9192 from Samsung... because:First, size. This phone can fit in my shirt pocket... an absolute must. I don't want a phone bigger than my hand. If you are considering a new phone - size should be your first factor to determine.Second, Android operating system versus Apple. A personal choice for anyone, but there is more 'free' stuff for Android.Third, DUAL SIM SLOTS. Why would you want this? Because this phone can be TWO PHONES IN ONE. So, if you're a businessman or doctor, and don't want to carry two phones (one for work and one for personal) this is PERFECT. If you use the same service provider for both SIMs you can keep both active at the same time and switch between them.If you are trying a new service for the first time, like me, and are unsure of reception, and are hesitant to instantly 'switch' without trying the 'new service' first, then this phone is great!  I tested the 'Simple Mobile' service for a month, then dropped ATnT after giving them thousands dollars over the years, and put the 'old' SIM card in with my new one so I had all my contacts and info instantly on my Samsung. What a great feeling!This phone is for the AMERICAS, NOT EUROPE, NOT AFRICA (like some people are saying they heard from 'Samsung' service folks).  It states this very clearly on the outside of the box.This phone is 3G only... NOT 4G.  This is OK for me because I am not going to watch streaming video on this small screen, nor do I send (or receive) large files.  This means you have greater service range because 3G is nearly everywhere, versus 4G (even though 4G service will drop to 3G if 4G is not found... I know).  In the USA, this phone works fantastic with t-mobile and it's derivatives metro pcs and simple mobile (which I use and like).Icing on the cake: purchase a pair of bluetooth (wireless) headphones (like the Sol Republic / Motorola pair) and enjoy music without wires... and when a phone call comes, it mutes the music, announces the call, and when the call ends, the music starts up where it stopped. How absolutely wonderful!

WATCH OUT!!!!!!!!!  This sale is misleading , THIS PHONE IS ONLY WORKING IN AMERICA.I asked a friend to buy it and ship it to Europe, And it DOES NOT WORK anywhere out of America !!!!!!!I had to spend lots of money and time+ hassle to get it unlocked.Very very disappointed. SALE description SHOULD CLEARLY STATE THIS PHONE WILL ONLY WORK IN US. CLEARLY IT DIDN't.I wouldn't even buy it for 100$ if I knew it's locked to worldwide.

This phone works perfectly in Venezuela (Digitel 3G). I recommend it strongly for all people who love enjoy the quickness and good functioning of and Android technology.

Product arrived really fast. Great phone and the dual sim is a great feature. Worked fine both on US (T-Mobile) and Brazil (Vivo)

I just love this phone.It replaced my old blackberry which I had for the past 5 years. So many cool features and it fits so nicely in my hand. I absolutely love it!

It was a good choice. Didn't know that would be a good phone since it looked so tiny. But it so compact!!!

Just big enough to do the job, but not too big. I like having two SIMS, but currently only using one of them. Very nice display and responsive touch screen. Has a lot of the latest Samsung innovations, speech recognition, smart screen  and motion control.

Small and easy to handle, Fast and functional, Two MICROSIM cards work perfectly, excellent camera,Works great in Latin American countries, All accessories (including electric adapter correiente) were included in the purchasecorrect delivery in two days...the only bad thing:short range wireless

EXCELENTE

Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini GT-I9192 GSM Unlocked Dual Sim - White No Warranty is good with high battery power. You find a lot of models with reasonable cost at indiadimers website.For more online deals,freebies and discounts visit:[...]

Great phone.

Great device, dual SIM functionality works very well. Battery life was good with moderate usage. I am actually pretty impressed with the performance, the UI never lags. My only wish was that the screen had a higher resolution, that said however it really isn't noticeable.

Amazing

Excellent, the phones I arrived in the stipulated time, in perfect condition without any problem or delay misguidance and the color I wanted, I recommend it very good, the only thing is that the adapter from the outlet was not the phone but the rest all good. thanks for my phones

In general the phone is fair option, especially like in my case I really like portable phones instead those extra size, so mini version is the way for me. I bought it this phone almost a year ago and I notice that I still can compete against 2014 phones in processor, capacity, camera etc, like for instance comparing it with S5 or S5 mini, their feature enhances don't make a big difference. I like screen brightness and resolution, changeable battery and dual SIM its awesome among other nice specs. However I often got some system issues like it often either freezes, becomes slow or restarts/shutdown itself for no known reason. Anyhow Its a good phone still to buy.

Not as powerful as the full fledge S4 but much more portable and I did not notice much of a difference when compared to my S3.

I BOUGHT THIS PHONE AND I COULDN'T GET ON MY WIFI. I CALLED SAMSUNG CUSTOMER CARE AND THEY TOLD ME THAT THIS PHONE WAS MADE IN AFRICA AND WAS A INTERNATIONAL PHONE AND THAT THEY DO NOT SERVICE THESE PHONES ANYMORE. HE TOLD ME THAT IF THE PHONE'S MODEL NUMBER STARTS WITH A GT- DON'T BUY IT!I AM SENDING THIS PHONE BACK. HE SAID THAT AMAZON IS AWARE OF THIS PROBLEM. WHY DON'T THEY LET CUSTOMERS KNOW?

excellent product I highly recommend it, works great on all operators in Venezuela, do not hesitate to buy up 3G

I switched to this phone from blackberry, wasnt sure what to expect.ProsNice size, I am not a fan of all the big phones that are on the market.Camera quality is excellent; probably best thing about the phone. Continuous shot, panoramicWhite is a stunning colour.Very durable. There was a stress test/drop test video on youtube: &#34;Always On - Is the S4 Mini a knockout&#34;Reasonable battery life, last about a day and half before needing full recharge. This is with power saver on, wifi on continuously and moderate usage.Can be used with a stylus.Dozen of useful apps. Runs on 4.22 Android, thats an os that is newer than those on the Grand and the Note.Comes with 5 gb internal memory, but system uses about 2gb.Phone works in the Caribbean and West IndiesVery light, only the case makes it a bit heavier.ConsThese cons will more be beneficial to those coming from blackberry.The Logs:The phone does not have a call log only, it groups all the logs in one place, so finding your last place call after sending a dozen text messages takes a lot long.Sim needs to be cut:It is dual sim yes. But micro sim required. If you are switching, YOU HAVE TO CUT YOUR SIM card.Lags:As with all smart phones, I have come to realise, it sticks sometimes. Not for long, but there were a couple times when I had to force reset it.Can not turn off:Unlike blackberry which has an auto on auto off feature, this phone once you turn it off it is out cold. even if an alarm is set, it will not turn back on. As such you have to keep it on continuously, and possibly download an app that turns off the wifi, and mobile data at certain hours.Speakers are not as loud as blackberry.Has no front leds. Really miss my blackberry for this.No side hot swap button, to open camera or other shortcuts.Will update if I notice anything else.

I read some comments that it's not completely unlocked, which has to be unlocked first with US sim, bla bla bla, so I contacted the seller, he replied nearly immediately with a firm yes to this &#34;unlocked&#34; doubt. Ordered, received, everything is good, except amazon didn't pack it well, it's packed in a small carton, both ends are not sealed with scotch, inside the carton there's no any protective materials, fortunately it arrives without any damage. Since there's many different sellers, my suggestion is to get a confirmation with your seller if the phone is real unlocked.

I got this phone in a bag and the box was already open!!!!Now I am not sure if the phone is new or is a refurbished one!

Very good, i'm using it in venezuela with movistar, and i have no problem whit my new phone, in fact i have BBM on it.

This Samsung galaxy S4 Mini is the PERFECT size! Phone runs flawlessly and very fast. This dual sim version does not have lte data speed BUT does have fast Hspa plus for my AT&T micro sim. This version does not have some of the features it's big brother has like air view, NFC and notification light but I'm ok with that. Over all a 5 star phone would highly recommend this Samsung Galaxy s4 mini dual sim smartphone.

I got it for my father and he loves using it, before this phone he had a Galaxy S which was a bit slow, he stopped complainig about his phone!!!

The phone is absolutely awesome and it comes with two sims which is the main reason that i gave it a shot. The size is perfect and you can handle it with one hand easily. The APPs, SPEC and alot of things to discover and they will keep you busy for a while. The sims are micro sims and the charger is an UK type, but you will get a Round Europe to USA Plug Adapter. The box was sealed, but i wonder how did they put the round europe to USA plug adapter inside the box without breaking it? Actually i don't care as long i got my device brand new. I hope this review helped you in somehow.

I liked this phone because first of all, it is a dual sim phone. I no longer carry two mobiles in my pocket. I can handle both networks simply by using one phone - makning and receivin phones and sms. another thing that makes to like this phoen is the fact that it is easy manage the phone itself and the applications on it in comparison with brand phones like iPhone which is very strict to use.

I paid $249.99 for it from Verizon only a few months ago.  No better or worse than the iPhone 4 was.  A decent, 4G phone.  Would I spend that money again for a 2 year contact, heck no.  Only issue is the texting keys are very small. Phone keys are large.  I swore I wouldn't use Samsung again but all six TV's in my home are Samsung LED's from 70 inch down to 40 inch.

function and quality of the phone is good.but the data or internate was not working to t-mobile network it only works with wi-fi. the provider try to fix but they can not.

I bought this phone not for me, so cannot tell much, but it performs well so far. The only bad thing is the price, I myself would prefer Nokia lumia which you can buy at much lower price, or much better one at the same price.

This phone is amazing but ... I am with T-Mobile and the internet and apps are very slow when I am hooked to their network, however when I hook up to wi-fi the video's and internet are very quick. This isn't the phone's fault, it's either T-Mobile or our metal roof interfering with the signal. I gave it 4 stars because I am somewhat disappointed that it doesn't have a LED to alert me to new messages or emails although it will play a sound. It also has nothing to alert me when the phone is fully charged after being plugged in. I was unable to find accessories for it locally as far as cases and sleeves but I was able to find them on Amazon at very reasonable prices. Other than that it was an excellent buy and I am amazed at what all it can do. I actually purchased 2 of these, one for my husband and he is very pleased as well.

Its a great phone, just a described. Great transaction. It so much more lightweight than the normal s4, i definitely appreciate that

It's good cell-phone, but too small and look like a toy. I bought different it than I actually want it.

it was worth the price. its all you looking for in a smart phone. it also arrived at the expected time

This phone is the best one I have ever buy,  it is everything they said it is. I now have learn all of the features.

The phone came unopened, original packaging, and perfect condition. The phone was delivered on time, and the phone works perfectly. I use the phone with straight talk, so I'm saving money with the phone being unlocked. Only thing I don't like, is that the phone is not the American version, It's a foreign version. But definitely a Samsung Galaxy device. Awesome!!!

AWESOMETHE BEST UNLOCKED DOUBLE SIM CARD PHONE.I'M REALLY HAPPY WITH THIS PHONE, 100% RECOMMENDED.RIGHT NOW I USE THIS DEVICE IN MY COUNTRY WITH TWO DIFERENT OPERATORS (DIGITEL/MOVILNET), IT WORKS EXCELLENTTHE SCREEN IS AWESOME, THE PHOTO AND VIDEOS LOOKS GREATMULTILANGUAGEJELLY BEAN 4.1.2THE FULL PACKAGE INCLUDE:MIC/EARPHONESBATTERYDATA WIRECHARGERUNLOCKED DOUBLE SIM CARD PHONEOWNER MANUAL

Works perfectly in Argentina with two different mobile companies (movistar & claro), great deal! The price is fine for the product you receive.

I love so much the phone. It the best phone ever. Never dissapointed. Everything was fine, 5 star for you

Highly recommended.  As advertised and shipment was very prompt.  The phone is very light and performes quickly. Would recommend purchasing a case when ordering this phone.

Bought for my wife and she loves it. It is an international model and it does not get 4G however

perfect, Excellent reception and compliance and the team he wanted now I disfruarlo mucho y espero hacer negocios otra vez

Excellent phone totally unlock great camera and speed. I'm using it in venezuela with movistar and works perfectly. Great buy

Just what I wanted! It matched the description perfectly and arrived promptly.

I absolutely adore this phone, it is light and sleek. Has a smooth performance and operates at an excellent pace, the dual sim capabilities work flawlessly...and I could probably go on but other reviews have already explained all of its GREAT features.

Very good

the S4 model galaxy mini samsung is great! ... very impressed with all its features and applications.! q the truth I'm happy with the purchase ..!

excelente

awesome phone. Benn using for over a month now. Just what i was looking for. Perfect size too to fit in the palm too. I think all those new Galaxys (not mini's) are way too big. Before it i had a Galaxy 2 and my new Galaxy 4 mini is way quicker. The only thing that is a little worse in my opinion is the speaker is just a bit weaker than on my old Galaxy 2 but still loud enough to listen to the music and all.

The phone may have a defect, it did work fine for like two days until the screen totally zapped out... phone would turn on but screen was dead.  I think it was bad luck. No negative to merchant they shipped rapidly as they stated.

I'd give it 5 stars, but the battery drains in 36 hours and I don't even use it. When I use it, I'm lucky to get 8-12 hours before it needs to be recharged. I've just ordered an extended capacity battery - we'll see how that does. Compared to my iPhone 5s which has plenty of battery capacity and a much more sturdy metal feel, this phone is second best. On the positive side, this phone can be had for about 40% of the iPhone's price. So if you can plug into the charger frequently it's probably adequate.

every think ok...but the box was open. i wonder why or how. but the phone was new and good condition

I live in Venezuela. Now this phone is working with two cellular operarors, Movistar and Movilnet without problem. Very fast system. I'm happy with this phone.

This is the first time I buy cellphone online, I am satisfied with it. The cellphone looks very beautiful, and the size of it is not as big as S4, so it is very useful.

Phone is good!But from time to time, it resets itself! I have it for about 4 weeks, experienced about 8 time reset already

The phone has the correct comfortable size and functions wonderfully for it's class.The only problem is that is is NOT REGIONALLY UNLOCKED.You can't use this phone with a SIM outside the US.Open Wireless were forthcoming in trying to help me solve the issue.But so far there is no resolution.

Equipment is constantly blocking.

Happy with service.

Great Cellphone, unlocked, works well with the line conection, Wifi. Great Speed with the apps, nice audio & video quality. Delivered in the right time & with good care. Highly Recomended.My rating 5 stars.

I recommend another Samsung smartphone - Galaxy Win i8552 dual sim unlock phone.  i8552 price is $100 lower than Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini.  But i8552 has all functions you need, it is newer technology.  i8552 is also easier to insert Sim Cards and 5&#34; screen.  I own Samsung Galaxy S4 mini and Samsung Galaxy i8552 both.  I used both items a period of time.  Both are dual sim unlock phones, only screen size is different.  Samsung Galaxy Win i8552 is also better than BLU life.

Instead of spending more than double the amount for an I-phone, ay one can buy this. At present I am not using it, my friend is using, I bought it for him and he is quite happy with this brand and model.

Great phone, it works like a mini computer... it does crash under very intense use, but that means 7+ apps running, several browser tabs, data network connection and 2 sim cards simultaneously.Battery also is good but with intense usage should be charged once a day... with light use can last up to 2 days.For me, having the Dual Sim is a huge plus, it saves me from having to carry two phones... so I was willing to sacrifice some performance over this feature... however, I didn't have to sacrifice anything, works just as great as any high-end smartphone :)

Love the white colour and the size is just right for me.  Performs very well and you can download so many different apps.

The phone works very well outside US with a non US sim card.It is small, light, has a beautiful clear and loud sound on both sides.Its screen resolution is very good and enough for its dimensions.The processor is fast and the battery is sufficient for 2 days whenthe device is not used for playing music or with bluetooth or wifi on.The phone does not have any notification LEDs, like its bigger brother, the S4.In general, I would recommend it to anyone that has good eyes and do not requirea very high end device with a lot of apps.

It is an excellent phone, with support for two lines and with fantastic facilities and in perfect condition, new. With all accessories and boxed in excellent condition.

Exact fit for my world. Excellent response, great apps and super battery life.  Now looking for a protective case that fits..

Item and manual came in a different language and with the incorrect plug connector and SIM card did not fit. Managed to switch it to English but still had to get a new charger and a new SIM card at phone company.

This phone stopped charging after 5 months of use, never dropped, never damaged.  Because it is made in China, one must contact Samsung customer service in China to get help.  Samsung did not solve the issue, tough luck for me.  During the time it functioned, it only received 2g and sometimes 3g from Tmobile.  Also, the phone's &#34;activity&#34; combines calls and text messages together, and despite lenghty efforts I could not separate it into just calls and just text messages.  The phone does not have a notification light for text and emails, and it was generally slower on commands than its S 4 bigger version.  I bought it for the double SIM feature but I regret this purchase.

Worked perfect in Brazil

Better than an I phone 4!

excelente

We purchased these phones so that we can use dual sims when traveling in Europe.  Great phone at a great price - and I normally use IOS phones.

Unfortunately the phone was not as described. Although it was described as being refurbished it was stated that it was new, unused, still in its original wrapping however that was not the case. It was full of emails, messages, calender appointments and and past call data ranging over a 14 day period back in October.

I bought this cell phone on November 3. at the beginning looked excellent. The phone is not even two months of use and suddenly started turn off the device without any reason. after the cell began to open and close alone applications and screen was coming down rare. few days ago i woke up and i went to check my phone and it was off. I try to turn it on and failed, I started thinking it could be charging the battery and that was not the problem. from that day the phone does not turn on even answer the phone when connecting the charger or anything. the device has not suffered any fall or blow, not wet or anything. many have told me that this phone already comes with factory flaws. amazon need your help to apply what the warranty on this phone. your help please.

Was excited when I got this for my friend.  I was setting it up for him and all of a sudden the volume went dead.  I mean really, it was barely 24 hours before the sound went out.  I tested it with a T-mobile and an AT&T sim chip.  Both works great but just couldn't hear anything from the speakers.  I even tried to load some media on the SD card I had in there and it still wouldn't play a sound.  I told my friend that I was disappointed with it and was returning it.  Thank you Amazon for the no hassle return policy.  Love your quality of service!

Excellent product I do recomend you all to buy it, it functions really great in my country Venezuela, it uses micro sim cards but I when to my phone companies and they resolved this by changing sim cards... Don't wait and think too much buy it! :)

The device met all my expectations and am yet to encounter any faults or short comings! But I am no expert on smart phones

My phone is not turning on, it appears as though the battery is already defective, the Phone becomes very hot whenever charging. I would like to receive another battery immediately.The instrument seem to be an excellent device, however from the initial experience i have to base the rating on complete customer satisfaction and at this point i am very dissatisfied.Thanks for your understanding.RegardsAndrew

Everything is excellent

I GOT THIS FOR A BIRTHDAY GIFT AND THE GIRL IGAVE IT TO LOVES IT, PLUS IT GOT HERE ON TIME!

I'm so happy with my new phone and I will tell all my friends and family to look into this great deal .
