
UPDATE Nov 10, 2013We now have three of these and have put aside our feature phones and iPod Touch devices. We've converted fully over to the LG F3. During my test phase I had few opportunities to use the LG's phone features. We now have all made and received calls and are quite pleased with the clarity of the phone. I've been using a Samsung Convoy 2 feature phone for a couple of years. This LG is much clearer and easier to understand the voice conversation than the Samsung was.UPDATE Nov 5,2013I've now had the LG F3 for a couple of weeks. The best way I can describe how pleased I am with it is to say that two days ago I ordered two more for use by my wife and son.The limited internal memory is a concern but I've loaded most of the apps I really need and I still have over 300MB left. A few apps can be moved to the SD card. If you tend to load a lot of apps this phone will restrict you. You may want to look elsewhere. I have 28 apps loaded and may have room for about 10 more. I've been able to move just a few of the apps to the SD card but most don't allow that. I have 132 apps on my iPod Touch, of which I could easily delete about 1/2 of them and not miss them. So in my case I guess I'd like to have about 60 apps but will be restricted to something like 40. Of course apps are all different sizes so your mileage may vary. If only LG had doubled the internal memory this would be a perfect smartphone in this price range.Original Review follows...Okay I've only had the LG F3 for 24 hours but I'm quite pleased with it.Here's a brief overview with a longer review to follow.Pros:- A user replaceable battery. My #1 feature for a smartphone. I really don't want a phone without this feature.- A microSD card slot. I have a 32GB card installed.- At $199 it is a lot of smartphone for the money.- The screen resolution is quite good. I think the 4" display (small size for today's smartphones) helps. 233 PPI isn't the lowest in this size display, and it certainly isn't the highest. I think it looks sharp and clear.- At 4 ounces it is comfortably light- The plastic back doesn't feel cheap to me as many reviews suggested. In fact I like the texture that makes it less likely to drop because you can get a decent grip on it.- The dark blue, almost black, back and side edge along with the silver strip on the sides and bottom look elegant to me. I just don't understand the comments about this phone not looking nice from most reviewers.- Loaded with Android 4.1.2 it has good operating system features such as notifications, Widgets, and a huge array of apps available from the store, many if not most are free. I do wonder how it will hold up over time, but I'm pretty easy on my phone.- A decent set of apps pre-installed including Maps, photo and video, alarm clock, Chrome, Memo, Messaging, Music, etc.- The LG F3 is responsive, and the touch screen has the right amount of sensitivity.- This model, sold on Amazon, works perfectly on T-Mobile including their LTE service.- GPS, WiFi, tethering, and Bluetooth. I don't need more than that.Cons:- As others have said the 1.27GB available internally is just sad. I have been able to move two apps to the SD card and I still have over 500MB of storage left after loading 10 apps. This might be the one thing that could drive me to get a different phone. We'll see if we run out of memory after loading those we normally want. There are several apps that came loaded on the phone that I could delete to make space.- The camera works and you can get good daytime photos from it, but it's nothing to write home about. Good enough for Facebook sharing I'd say.- The max volume is about 15% too low out of the speakerphone, and also from my Bluetooth connected speaker.- The WiFi isn't dual band so I can't use it on my faster 5MHz band at home.Personal preferences:- I don't like having the power button on the side. It seems more natural to me on the top.- The start button is physical. I prefer a capacitive touch button. But perhaps the physical button is the right thing for this phone because that is how you wake the phone. If it was capacitive touch it might turn on in my pocket.- I don't like having the earphone socket on the top. I prefer it on the bottom. That way if I have the phone plugged into a USB cable for any reason then both cables come out of the same place.- I'm not a big game player. If you can find games that will install on the SD card you might then be faced with insufficient computing power. I'd say this phone isn't the one to buy if you like CPU demanding games. I'm more of a Minesweeper, Freecell, Bejeweled, kind of player which this phone is fine for.In my opinion spending three times the money to get a Galaxy 4 or iPhone 5S won't bring three times the features, functions, or usability. You might want a different phone if you want a better camera, or if you need more space for apps.Longer Review:My reference for evaluating this phone is mostly from several years of using iPod Touch devices. An iPod Touch is almost an iPhone without the phone. My iPod Touch 5th gen with a 4" screen cost me $399, double the cost of the LG F3. And to tell you the truth I really can't see double the value in the Apple product. Furthermore I can't replace the battery in the iPod Touch, and the lack of user customization of Apple products drives me crazy. The new iOS 7 design was too much for me. Time to move on.I've never owned a smartphone until recently because I simply don't want to pay the high prices for a data plan. But I discovered some positive changes by T-Mobile recently that made me realize I don't have to pay high prices to get data plans.This is a T-Mobile phone so I thought it appropriate to include some T-Mobile information as part of my review.T-Mobile may not have the best coverage but they are doing some things that will pull more customers their way. First they have an agreement with AT&T; (long story) to use AT&T; towers for voice only roaming at no charge to T-Mobile customers. This means we can count on decent voice service from T-Mobile. Second T-Mobile has been building out its LTE data service and it pretty much fully covers our small city of Redding CA. Third T-Mobile no longer has contracts on any of their plans. Very Cool! No more 2 year commitments. To top it off T-Mobile has some interesting plans.We currently pay $100 a month for service on three feature phones, two of which have 250 text plans. We make few calls, use few texts, and don't use any data. I'm tired of paying $100 a month for so little use. Switching to T-Mobile and smartphones (virtual keyboard instead of just a number pad) will allow us to use text more often, and most of all we'll have internet access.T-Mobile has an "unlimited" family plan for $90/mo for three lines that will give each of the three of us unlimited talk and text. After the first 500MB of data each is used up the system will drop us from the LTE/4G/3G data down to 2G. But with this plan we will be paying a few dollars less a month than we are with Verizon, and we'll have data access! Very Cool!So the only real questions are which phone to buy, and will T-Mobile's coverage be good enough. To that end I started out buying a Nokia Lumia 521 which I liked but found the Windows Phone 8 lacking both in terms of the OS features and available apps. I then switched to an unlocked Samsung Galaxy S2 Skyrocket which was a lot of phone but it won't work (without jail breaking) on the T-Mobile LTE service, and the phone sucked battery power. So here I am on the LG F3.It's gonna kill me to pay Verizon termination charges to get out of the contracts there. And I'll end up spending $600 on three of these LG Optimus F3 phones perhaps. But I don't mind one time charges so much. It is those high month to month charges that really kill me.If I were to go with Verizon and get three iPhone 5C phones my monthly bill would be $200 vs $90 on this T-Mobile plan. I might have better service but for $110 a month difference I'll put up with waiting a little while until I'm in a better service area.T-Mobile also lets me use my home WiFi to make calls while at home so I don't have to worry about how close to a T-Mobile tower we are. Also T-Mobile doesn't charge for tethering.This phone has enough space for apps so I can have news, weather, stocks, podcasts, maps, photos, videos, watch movies, play simple games, skype video, email, message, Facebook, browse the internet, shop with apps such as Amazon or Best Buy, and use the calendar. It is quite enough for me.

I don't normally write reviews, but this phone has definitely inspired me to.  I needed to make the leap to a smart phone and one specifically that would make use of T-Mobile's LTE network since I live in an area where it has been rolled out.  I don't particularly like large phones and cannot see paying $400-600 for such a device.  I wanted something that would allow for High-Speed (3G+/4G)data when necessary, but also allow me to restrict my data usage to 2G AND allow for Wi-Fi calling while at home.  I also needed an Android based phone running ICS (or better) so that I could download apps from the Google Play store to side-load on my Amazon Kindle HD tablet. The LG Optimus F3 (MS659) met all of these requirements.The F3 is small enough to put in a shirt or pants pocket.  It also has an insanely long battery life (24 hrs of moderate usage only reduced the battery to 17% and 36 hrs of light usage still left the battery with a 37% charge!!!)  The default setting with the T-Mobile F3 is Wi-Fi calling first and then cell network calling when no Wi-Fi is available.  I make sure when I am home to turn off the GPS and when I go out to turn off the Wi-Fi unless I am using them.  The 1.2MHz processor is plenty fast enough for my needs as I do not game on the device and rarely stream videos on it.  Perfect for music from Pandora or I Heart Radio.The biggest downside is the lack of internal memory.  You NEED a micro SD card to use with this device.  I transferred a 16GB device from my old phone and have found that to work perfectly.  The T-Mobile does come with a fair amount of bloatware (much of which cannot be removed without rooting), BUT some of the apps you install CAN be moved to the SD card (go Apps > Settings > Storage > Apps > Move to SD Card).Another concern is finding a good case or skin since, as other reviewers have stated, the back panel on this phone is very thin.  I chose the Body Glove Dimensions case which provided enough protection without making the phone too bulky.  This item is generally available in either light blue or lavender online but T-Mobile stores also carry it in black.  If ordering online make sure you are getting the one that fits the MS659 model (T-Mobile/MetroPCS) and not the LS720 model(Sprint/Virgin Mobile) as the dimensions are different.PROS:Size, battery life, Wi-Fi calling, speedCONS:Internal memory, limited selection of accessories

This phone is a great STARTER phone maybe for a person wanting to enter the arena of smart phones etc, or a teen.  Has all the basic features you need. Phone is quite small compared to other models on the market. The display is average at best. Has 4g LTE. Camera is serviceable. As mentioned by others you probably need to order a MicroSD card to expand the VERY MINIMAL internal storage of this phone. Also invest in a case/screen protector (as you should with all smartphones) this one is partically light feeling in the hand. I'm not quite sure if that's a good thing or not.

I liked it until I started having issues. I have only had this phone for about a month and a half.This phone is great for someone who does only the basics.Pros:- Has nice features that you expect from modern phones (blu-tooth, wireless, GPS, etc.)- Not the latest Android OS but still an up-to-date oneCons:- The internal memory is horrible 1GB - Can't download apps and if you do then you can't update them &#34;insufficient memory&#34;- The Blu-tooth sometimes disconnects from my car for no reason and takes some trickery to get it working again- The battery life was nice at first and now it's not so great- There is a glitch where if you use SWYPE, the second word you type is erased (I've contacted both T-Mobile and LG about this issue but they don't seem to care).Yesterday my phone started freezing up. I was unable to turn it off so I removed the battery. When I reinserted the battery and powered on the phone it just loops. It displays the LG screen, then is stuck on the T-Mobile splash screen repeatedly playing the default T-Mobile ringtone. The phone is unusable at this point.To have a phone for such a short period of time and it already died is unacceptable.  My advice is spend a little more money and get a better phone.

Fast, smooth, great value, and excellent coverage and plans with T-Mobile.  Highly recommended.  Pay as you go and get what you pay for.

This phone has so little internal memory that its essentially useless.

I really don't have any complaints about this device.It has good speed with it's Krait architecture and dual core Snapdragon processor.The 1GB of installed ram helps, as well.Very fast on T-Mobile's LTE network and where there is not LTE coverage I am getting great speeds on their 42+ frequency.It has EXCELLENT battery life with it's beefy lithium-ion 2,460 MAH battery... and for me, i am a heavy user who is constantly checking my phone throughout the day and I get 24 hours without having to recharge, a HUGE plus!The screen is very bright at only a setting of 20% and is very good in it's true to nature colors IPS display.The thing I would add, is to make sure and get an micro sd card as the 4GB of ROM is mostly taken up by the bloatware of T-Mobile so you will need to have that extra storage capacity.Highly recommended!

Can't go crazy installing apps because it got limited internal memory, but its a great phone.I browse the internet, receive notifications and read my emails without problem. I can play a heavy game like Candy Crush, unlike my previous phone that crash every time. It got great volume, but it cracks a little at the maximum.

Its an excellent Droid phone; the setbacks are minor, i.e. not the best camera (for which we buy a phone, not a camera..) and the low memory can easily be handled by transferring most apps to the SD card. There's little justification to spend $400 more to buy a more expensive model.

It's not the fastest.  It's not the highest resolution.  It doesn't have the most memory.  But it's one of the few Android 4.x phones that people can buy outright and still put money away for more important things than a phone.This phone needs to be reviewed for what it is;  An economical Android 4.1.2 phone that will run all of your apps and meet the needs for most people.I personally use an HTC One, and came from an HTC EVO 4G.  This phone is my wife's new phone.  It seems to be tucked somewhere  in between the other two phones that I mentioned.  It's more sophisticated than the EVO, with twice as much main memory, faster CPU with two cores, and a more modern Android OS, yet it's not nearly as expensive or feature-rich as other phones.As a value phone, this seems like a 5-star device.  Clean out and disable most of the included junk apps and free up several hundred MB and improve battery life with fewer running services.  Don't expect it to have the quality or features of a phone that costs 2-3 times as much, and you should be pleased.  Most other products in this category are Window phones or have older hardware and older versions of Android.Be aware that T-Mobile's posted specs are inaccurate.  It does not have Android 4.2.  LG's site has accurate specs.  Having used both 4.1 and 4.2 on my Nexus 7, the main differences here will not impact most phone users.  The greatest feature change in 4.2 was the multi-user support for tablets.  You can still have gesture typing and an improved notification bar with some of the LG  enhancements that come out of the box.It's entirely utilitarian and lacks the sexy features and build quality that phone snobs may want, but it seems that it will serve most people well.  Pair this with T-Mobile's cheap no-contract unlimited + 500 MB data plan, and it's a win for people who want a decent smartphone on the cheap.

Love it ,its great

I bought it as a gift for my mom , and she liked it.It's her first time to use smartphone, this one is easy to use.Although it can't  install too much apps because it got limited internal memory.Only problem is that the ring is too small,sometime my mom couldn't hear that.

I made a mistake.  I returned the LG F9 phone and got this one.  The F3 works much better and gives a better connection.  I turn on the Wi-Fi when traveling to minimize the "no signal" situation.  I love the battery life of the phone.  This is a much better phone than the other one.

This is a crappy phone.  The internal memory is not enough and it just kept shutting the phone down.  Also, you can hardly install any apps because there is so much bloatware from T-Mobile already on the phone.

I selected this phone for its size and weight.  &#34;Practical&#34; for me is something I can keep in my shirt pocket.  It's shorter and lighter then a iPhone with a welcome increase in screen width.Upon my first week of use, I've been pleasantly surprised with its performance.  This is the first digital phone that I can say has sound quality equal or better than a desk phone.  Turning up the volume in a noisy environment, does not result in distortion.  Even music-on-hold, actually sounds like music.Then there is this wonderful LED light behind the &#34;home&#34; button.  Messaging applications (like Email) can blink this LED with a specified color to indicate a new message.  I have two Email accounts.  I set one to green and the other is blue.  Text messages are orange.  If the phone is on your desk, for instance, and the light isn't blinking, you do not have a new message.  There is no need to pick up your phone, turn it on and check.  I can't tell you how much time this saves.  I didn't have this feature on my iPhone.  (Until I break the habit, I still find myself turning it on and checking...)The home button has buttons on each side.  The right button, basically &#34;drills down&#34; into an application, and the left button, &#34;drills up&#34; -or- more commonly, serves as a &#34;return&#34; key.  With these three buttons, there is very little need to &#34;click&#34; on the screen to navigate around applications.I'm finding that charging every other day is adequate.  If you use WiFi, you may notice that it connects almost instantaneously.  There are places inside my workplace, that do not have sufficient cellular signal, and the phone is set to use &#34;WiFi calling&#34; instead.  Great feature!If there is a down side, it would be about a dozen pre-installed &#34;system&#34; applications that can't be uninstalled.  I think this is true of most Androids so I'm not going to remove a star for it.  I don't use them now, but maybe some day I will.I've grown to love this phone so much, I bought one for my wife.  With a bright clear screen, easy to use buttons, LED message notification, WiFi calling and great sound quality, it's a joy to use.

I came from larger & more expensive phones (Nexus 4 & Nexus 5). This one is cheaper (so I don't worry about it being stolen, damaged, being obsolete too quickly...etc). The battery life on it lasts close to 10 hrs of SCREEN ON TIME, for reference that's about twice as much as the usual 3-4 hrs with my typical usage on other phones. It doesn't come with latest Android, but it's a stable OS nowadays and the bleeding edge Nexus devices have a lot more bugs with new features. This phone's software is solid and crash free.The smaller 4&#34; screen with capacitive buttons, and thin top/bottom bezels is more efficient use of space also. One handed use is convenient. The dual-core is capable of running everything smoothly, it's not a gaming power house, but for most casual games it also works fine.Only downside is the limited internal ROM, which allows 1.2 GB worth of apps to be installed (some games take a lot). There is a workaround with link2sd after rooting it, to move things to the real SDcard (up to 32GB).

Great android phone, but the memory department is lacking. T-Mobile's wifi calling can be useful inside your house if you can't get a signal there. The small 1.7 GB of memory is annoying, and only some apps can be moved to the SD card. I rooted my phone to get rid of some bloatware, so I freed up a lot of space. The processing is OK, I haven't played many complex games yet. The speakers on the phone are loud, and if you mess around in some apps, you can overheat it. I recommend keeping the volume at 80%. I've read that the phone has NFC (Near Field Communication) but haven 't found it on the phone itself yet. The 5MP camera and powerful flash takes decent pictures, and if you change the settings, you can get pictures that look like they're from a standalone camera. If you are looking for a phone for everyday usage, this phone is good for you, but I wouldn't recommend it for gaming due to the small low-res screen and lacking of memory.

I'll start with what I don't like about it (LG Optimus F6), since there's not much I don't like about it. The amount of memory on this device is HORRIBLE! I think it's roughly 1.2GB of storage. I have to pay attention to my device storage space like I hawk! I'd recommend an app to monitor your storage space, like Clean Master. Get it together LG!Now the good stuff. This runs fast and smooth. Before this, I used to be my Android 4.0 Galaxy Media player, and the difference in speed is night and day. It does everything faster. It even turns off faster. Some apps I couldn't use before because my media player wasn't fast enough runs so smooth now. I lost so much respect for my media player now lol.I wanted a good camera on it (I have my reasons). I was very surprised to find out that it has autofocus and a flash on the 5MP camera. 5MP is way too big IMO, so I turned it down to 1MP. It also has other features that I was shocked to find is in a smartphone. It can take into account the lighting in the room. I haven't tried using the video recording yet, but it does 1080p. I like that.It's a small feature, but I love how I can quickly switch back to my previously used apps by holding down the home key. I use one app all the time anyway (MixZing), so that feature comes in handy.The colors on this thing is really pretty too. Everything looks really nice. I almost cried tears of joy when I put on a live wallpaper. The screen size is also lovely. It's 4.5 inches. With a screen size like that, I thought it would be very bulky, but it's very thin, and easily fits into my pocket.If they would just fix the TINY storage space, I'd rate this 6/5. That's my only complaint, for an otherwise great product.UPDATE: As someone recommended to me, I uninstalled the updates on the mandatory apps included with the phone, and disabled those apps so I wouldn't get any future update notifications for them. I was even able to completely uninstall a few of them. Now I have 99 problems, but space aint 1.

Phone has no space . I can barrly download any apps. Dont even think about any updates unless you delete everthing else.had to buy a sd card. I was dissapointed.

Pros: Great excellent life (replacement batteries are inexpensive as well), good price/feature ratio, still fits in a pocket. 4&#34; screen is just big enough for fat fingers to type on.Cons: no ambient light sensor, locked bootloader, T-mobile will probably never release an Android update for this phone.

im  not use to the touch screen, but im learning to navigate it really well. Looking forward to my next upgrade.

My most recent T-Mobile devices have been an SIII and the LG L9.  With the exception of LTE the SIII was superior in every way so this review will focus on the comparing the F3 to the L9.  I got mine on here on Amazon for $199 but I've seen the price since come down to $188 on two occasions.  The F3 has a slightly lower resolution but the smaller screen makes up for this.  The processor is faster at 1.2GHz vs 1.0GHz and is noticeable.  It won't blow your doors off but day to day you'll notice the slight lag between similar tasks get smaller.  Available space is the same but thats not saying much as I ran into space problems with the L9 and was never able to get it rooted (too difficult).  I've read some people have gotten the F3 rooted via motochopper which makes me optimistic.  I will try this method and update when complete.  As for the battery, there's a lot of talk about the battery size vs the screen size and how it should result in better life.  To be honest, I'm only seeing a couple more hours of additional use but I have a heavy user with lots of screen time and data use (unlimited).  HSDPA is very power efficient versus LTE and that's becoming apparent with the F3.  The main drawback of the L9 was the inclusion of a 21Mbps radio vs the 42Mbps the SIII had.  To me 42Mbps felt as fast as Verizon LTE.  I would frequently see 10-15Mbps in the Chicagoland area which is more than enough to be usable and I would have been happy to keep the SIII.  Due to marketing necessities T-Mobile had to move to LTE.  The day T-Mobile began reframing in Chicago I saw my HSDPA speeds drastically drop and my latency skyrocket epically in the Loop.  I've been told these are not related but I doubt it and was very unhappy with my service.  The move onto LTE via the F3 has been refreshing and I now have good data service again at my office.  For me this device is a place holder until the Nexus 5 comes out or I pull the trigger on LG G2 or the Sony Z1 (I need a big battery but don't want a phablet).  These mid range devices like the F3 and L9 save money but they make a lot of sacrifices.  For example, the F3 still doesn't have an auto screen dimmer like every other premium device out there.  With the inclusion of LTE, notification light, larger battery and more comfortable size there is no reason to consider the L9 over the F3.  I would recommend going with a more premium device over the F3 but if funds or something else is holding you back the F3 is a good compromise.Update, 9/30/2013.  Rooting via motochopper method was easy and done in less than five minutes.  The removal of Lookout probably helped the most.  If you search for "root LG F3" the results should come up on the first page and are dated 8/18/13.Update 10/7/2013.  The GPS at times seems to get confused causing the pointer arrow (within Google maps) to change directions or even report me being on the wrong street.  This usually happens when I'm driving slowly or stopped and seems to go away when I start moving again.  I haven't had this happen on my other devices and LGs track record of updating leads me to believe this won't get corrected.Update 10/30/2013.  The tiny amount of storage space on this phone is killing me.  I find myself clearing out the cache on Chrome, Currents, ect, a couple times a week.  Even 4Gigs would have been better.Update 11/18/2013.  The "email" app on this phone which is used to sync all non gmail accounts seems to only work over WIFI.  GPS problems persist.  I did start moving my apps to the SD card which has marginally helped with the storage issues.Update 12/13/2013.  2 updates have come out in the past week.  These are the first since owning the phone.  Neither broke the root but it also doesn't seem like they did anything as I'm still on 4.1....Update 12/22/2013.  1 more update since the last but I still don't see any decernable differences.  This will be my last update as I purchased a Moto X.  Comparatively the Moto X has much worse battery life but a nicer screen, faster processor and far more storage.  I guess I didn't realize how good the battery life was on the LG F3.  Don't underestimate it.

This is your basic smartphone with a very good battery life. If you don't want to pay too much for a new tmobile phone this is a great option.

great phone amazing battery life.camera is super clear very nice for ebay sellers to make a very good close up photos .Fast processor 1.2 GHZ DUAL CORE

The phone does have its drawbacks. It doesn't have much internal storage. So that makes having an SD card necessary. So you  can't go on an app downloading spree. Volume for this phone is pretty awful. Although there is an option to enhance call quality for noisy environment, it doesn't make a difference. I have a hard time hearing the person on the other end when talking on this phone. I got this phone mainly for the OS Jellybean. But now I'm experiencing a problem when opening the factory apps like &#34;Messaging,&#34; &#34;Email,&#34; and &#34;Phone.&#34; I frequently shut-off and restart the phone as needed for the device health. But I'm starting to feel over this phone. I've only had it for a few months now, brand new.

This was my first Android.  I do like some of the features such as the Google voice typing and the size is perfect for most users. I can zoom in on pictures AND text messages with a reverse pinch. The phone boots quickly and has never just shut off on me for no reason. Volume is fair and the screen adjusts automatically for different lighting environments.But it only offers a single notification sound to signal every type of notification. So if i hear my notification sound, I cant be certain if its a reminder, an email, a text, or a voice-mail. It took me forever to figure out the 6 or so steps to employ GPS directions, and if you have big fingers be prepared to make many typing and selection mistakes. Oh and the fact that everytime I want to open a link I have to choose between the browser, google, chrome, and if its a video... youtube. PLUS it will ask me if i want to choose this option just once or every-time. Choosing the "every-time" is no guarantee that it wont make you jump through the same hoops next time. A delayed screen shift which occurs often when texting or when you terminate a call, guarantees that what you attempt to select will have dodged your finger a nano second before you touch the screen. Even after setting the screenlock feature I've found my phone put itself on airplane mode, silent, or opened endless applications which bogged the system down until I could only regain control by removing the battery to reset it. O and though the phone is equipped with about 3 picture/photo apps, none of them allows you to move your photos from your camera or gallery to an external SD card. *Face-palm*My first phone developed a few issues after 3 months including a microphone that blinked out when the phone was inverted. Within 3 weeks of arriving, the second phone disabled the microphone everytime i initiated speaker phone. Again.. no one could hear me. The 3rd one has been here for about 4 weeks, and 2 days ago developed several problems simultaneously.  The HOME key no longer functions so the only way to get back to the homescreen menu is to back key, back key, back key, out of whatever I'm doing. The screen timeout no longer works and I have to hit the side button to turn off the live screen. The phone randomly "wakes up" as if it sees me or hears something, displaying the lock screen for a few moments before going back to sleep. (this is not a feature that I'm aware of and I cant turn it off) This drains the battery so I have to plug it in several times a day.Many say this is a great "basic" phone, but I think its way more complicated than an entry level smart phone needs to be, and the huge number of features simply leaves room for a huge number of malfunctions.... and I'm only at about 6. I'm ready for a new Windows phone.

I need a cell phone for communication - not for gaming or photos or music or wasting time on social sites. I use it for business as well as personal. I have always purchased unlocked which I could use on T-Mobile network as well as in Europe. I looked at the Moto X and iPhone, but why spend $600 for a mini-computer that will be obsolete in two years? I have an iPad and a PC. I just need a phone with the following attributes.Compact size - this phone is at my limit of 4&#34; screen and it's very thin.Touchscreen - uncluttered, clear, responsive (a tad more sensitive than my iPad 2).Bluetooth - works great with my old, favorite Motorola earpiece headset.Long battery life - even with some data, lots of text and talk, this phone is awesome.Voice control - I installed Google Now to command the phone and have had no problem with speech recognition accuracy (with and without headset).Stability - after one month in, I haven't had to reboot.3G/4G/Wifi - I have TMo 4G and can speedily view customer balances on my QuickBooks file online.Voice announce of callers - I don't want to have to look at my phone to see who's calling. Neither Win, iOS nor Android include this function (Symbion did) - I had to install Talking Caller ID+ and it works like a charm.Outlook sync - still working on this. Unlike Win and iOS, I haven't found the right app yet.The Android software took some getting used to (more buggy and inconsistent than iOS or Win), but this LG phone has already exceeded my expectations. An excellent phone for this price point.

hello i recently bought this phone and i lovednit !!!! but only after i had it for 2 weeks it got stolen. i am trying to contact you guys to see if you can give me the serial number if the phone so i can try and locate it thanks

The LG Optimus F3 (T-Mobile) phone offers a lot of user friendly features and functionality.  The only downfall that I've found is the phones size.

I had T-Mobile prove that their network and my SIM card could send MMS without a data plan. Contacted LG when my Optimus F3 would not work with MMS, LG offered no support and stated &#34;you would have to contact your carrier, being that the MMS messages are a service provided by the carrier network, so they would have specific steps to resolve this&#34;. I loved a lot of features on this phone but it clearly lacked some very basic features that can't be ignored. No thanks LG

smaller than what was expected but a great phone overall, it has great features such as face recongnition, 5mp camera, and talk to txt feature...sooooo nice and super lightweight

When I decided to switch from Virgin Mobile to prepaid T-Mobile, my phone choices were a bit limited, because I didn't want to spend a lot of money for the phone.  There were only a few in the $200-250 range.  I looked at the LG L9, but it was too big for my front pocket.  I also liked that this F3 had a bit of a faster processor, LTE capability, and that big battery, so I decided on this F3 and I am, for the most part, pleased with it for what I paid.I have had this phone for 3 weeks now and I actually gone 2 days on a battery charge a few times.  If I am at 60% or so at bedtime, I will keep the phone off the charger until it gets down to around 30%, and then charge it.  Sometimes, if the usage has been light, it can hold out until the 2nd night.  The screen is good, the processor, being a dual-core 1.2 GHz, is okay for light gaming, and LG gives you a lot of ways to customize, with different themes, fonts, lock screens, etc.  Of course, the phone does have drawbacks, you couldn't get a budget phone that had everything perfect, right?  :)There are a couple of little things...speaker is weak, and I sometimes cannot hear it in the next room.  I wish the front camera was a little better.  But what really concerns me is that it has a small amount of storage.  I am glad that I have a Kindle Fire 2nd gen that I use for most things, and therefore I keep just a few apps and games on this phone.  The good thing is, with the Android 4.1.2, I am fine with the stock launcher, messaging app, camera app, etc.  So, for me there is no need to use up the small amount of storage I have by installing 3rd party apps, something I had to do in the past if I wanted increased functionality.  Still, even with that, right now, I have about 432 Mb available...not very much, I know.  It does have a micro SD slot for music, videos, etc., but the changes to Android with the Jellybean version prevent you from storing apps on the SD card...something I could do on my old Gingerbread phone.  I have been thinking about rooting the phone to get around this, but I have never done it before and I keep reading about the possibility of bricking the phone.  So for now, I am trying to be conservative about what I install on the phone.The LTE coverage where I am is very fast.  I tested that at the T-Mobile store before I bought this phone, and it does not disappoint.  I am currently on the $60 plan, where you get 2.5 Gb of high speed 4G (LTE if it is in your area), and then the phone drops down to 2G until the next month starts.  (As an aside, the 2G is actually faster than the supposed 3G that I had with Virgin Mobile, so for the most part, I am very much happy with the 2G!)  Three weeks into my plan, and I have only used 1.7 Gb of the 2.5 allotted to me.All in all, this is a good phone with lots of functionality if you are okay with the storage limitation.  I would recommend it to a casual user who likes to play a simple game now and then, perhaps would use the camera for the quick shot now and then, but who is more concerned with the actual phone and messaging aspects.

I think that this phone is going to be more user-friendly for a guy in his 60's at a more reasonable price.

Yes it has limited onboard storage but for myself once I pruned out some of the pre-installed crapware I feel it's enough space considering the phone's price.The ad here shows the F3 comes with Android v 4.2...it doesn't. It comes with v 4.1.2. They're not the same!

You can not beat this phone for the money, it is fantastic. However, if you don't plan to root it and move apps to SD, then the lack of storage is a problem. Although you can move some apps to SD without root, which mitigates the problem somewhat. If you are not a big gamer or horder of big apps, you may not run into any problems with the storage, but then again you might, which could be annoying.Good:CheepAmazing Battery Life (Over 2 days with normal use)Stock rom is very good, responsive, stableNicely designed, including hardware home buttonAverage camerasBad:Lack of internal storage (can be completely overcome by the casual computer user with a couple of hours on their hands).Bloatware, made more annoying than usual because it eats up the limited storage (again, if you are familiar with computers and can follow instructions, this can be completely overcome by rooting the device and deleting the bloatware with titanium backup).I recommend doing a search for the xda developers forum called &#34;T-Moble LG Optimus F3 Forum?&#34; There you will find rooting instructions (third page). You will also find instructions on how move apps to the SD card with Link2SD.apk and other useful info about the phone.

What attracted me to this phone most were two things; the size and android (also the price).  I needed a phone that I could keep in my pocket (with a case on it) and not feel like I'm carrying a tablet in there.  I used to have a blackberry curve 9360, and I loved the size of the phone and the QWERTY keyboard, but Blackberry just doesn't have much for apps, and they are slowly losing app support from google.  Also they don't do activesync email which was a problem for my work.  I couldn't find any other android phones (that work with Tmobile) in this size category (similar to an iphone size).The performance of this phone is very fast for day to day use (I'm not a gamer), and of course Android is awesome.  I will say that with the smaller screen it is more difficult to type than on my wife's Galaxy SII (I would assume this is the same with Iphones too), but with the auto-correct or SWYPE, it really isn't that bad.  I'm getting faster at typing on it.  The phone does feel "cheap", but that really is just because it is so small and so light (relative to other android devices).  Put a case on it and it feels great, I've got big hands and it still fits well.  The screen is very nice.The camera is normal, nothing to write home about it.  For me it gets the job done.  With the addition of an SD card I have no issues with the small amount of memory available.  If you're super paranoid about running out of application memory the phone can be rooted and you have options for storing apps on the SD card.  My wife's samsung came with much more bloatware than LG put on this guy, so no complaints there.All in all I'm very happy with the purchase, especially for $199.Update 9/23/2013After having this phone for a few weeks, I love it even more.  It really is fast, the LTE is blazing fast when I have it, and the battery lasts forever.  I love the smaller size of this phone, and have completely gotten used to typing on it normally, and with Swype typing (and I have big hands and fingers).  There is definitely a bug with Swype with the stock LG keyboard (noted in other LG phone reviews) where it deletes the second word every time, but I just downloaded the google keyboard, and it works awesome.  Not sure what other people want that this phone doesn't have, but I wouldn't trade it for anything.  The camera really is decent, and the panoramic shot this camera does is really fantastic.

My daughter's screen cracked on her Samsung Galaxy Exhibit 4G. Fixing it cost almost as much as a new phone. The new LG F3 was an outstanding upgrade with improvements across the board. Very easy to switch the T-Mobile number to the new phone. I took it to the store, because the F3 needed a smaller sim card than the old phone had. Took 3 minutes and zero dollars.The screen is 4.0 inches, the same size of an iPhone. Perfect for a pants pocket. The 800x480 resolution is crisp and very readable in all conditions except very bright direct sunlight.The dual core 1.2Ghz process is up to all but the most demanding tasks. Texting, emailing, web surfing, and camera tasks are easily handled by the brain in this unit. So far, my daughter has had no complaints about games running poorly. I expect unless you are playing the latest 3D games, this phone is more than up to any gaming task.4G LTE with T-Mobile is much faster than 4G. Works perfectly in wi-fi mode as well.The dual cameras are fine, and similar in quality to all but the highest end camera phones, such as the latest iPhone, Galaxy S-class, or Nexus phone. The out-facing camera is a respectable 5MP. The F3 has image stabilization, which is a nice feature. Also has a flash, burst mode, and auto focus. Also records 1080p HD video.GPS is very accurate and quick. Navigation works as one expects.1GB of RAM and 4GB of ROM are adequate, and equal or better than many phones in this price range.The 2,460 mAh battery easily lasts all day, and spares are inexpensive.The phone will soon be receiving the Kitkat (Android 4.4) upgrade, with no rooting required, which will put this model in elite standing among smartphones. Other models that came out shortly before this one are being left out of the upgrade path to Kitkat.I threw in a 32BG microsd card from Amazon, and it was ready for music, photos, and videos galore.There are oodles of very nice cases on Amazon at excellent prices. Got the daughter a pink/white polka dot case that fits perfectly, isn't too bulky, yet provides amazing protection, and looks very nice.For about 175 bones, this phone is a true winner. You (or your high school daughter) will not be disappointed.

An almost perfect smart phone:  Power and screen size enough for most applications, yet small enough to slip in one's pocket.  Caveats:  A little bit of T-Mobile bloat-ware (which can easily be disabled or gotten rid of if you decide to root); also, the Optimum (Cablevision) online app. is not presently supporting Android 4.1 (Jelly Bean).  Other than that, I have no complaints....

Everything is good except the lack of internal storage, which is a major pain in the neck. To make things even worse there seems to be a bug in Android, so even though I've cleaned up the storage enough to have over 130MB available, I still get an error message saying &#34;insufficient storage available&#34; when I try to install an app that's only about 20MB. Every time I want to install something I have to clear the Google Play Store apps cache. This is truly unfortunate because otherwise the phone is sleek and very usable.

I wanted an introductory Android phone for my Mom that was simple to use yet had enough of the great apps to make phone fun for her. So far it's performed very well. Battery life is good and internet speeds are good.

Its okay. The lg optimus L9 is way better. One good thing about this phone is that the volume is pretty loud but other than that its okay..  it is always slipping it out of my hands and i drop it a lot. The back of it is slippery.

I have the LG Optimus f6 cellphone from MetroPCS for one month & have already run out of internal memory. I did nothing, the phone is just using it's unbelievably small 1.5 GB to just operate. I didn't realize that it only came with 1.5 GB, which is ALOT less than other phones, most have at least 4GB..Tried adding a 32GB SD card but that's only good for music & photos. Still unable to add any games at all. Even called LG to see if there was anything else to do to add games. Had already transferred apps downloaded to SD card what phone would allow, only one app.  Very disappointed. Otherwise, a very nice phone with a very long lasting battery. But, I can not download any games to play because this phone has so very little internal memory. As an update for March 2014: I disconnected phone service on this phone after only one month of use. Like I previously said, there is basically no internal memory on this phone. I use it at home only with my wifi for the internet only. After four months of researching cellphones and only using my 8 year old flip style phone, I just bought a new smartphone with 32GB internal memory from Verizon.

I have this phone and it sucks.  Tmobile is a terrible company.  I went to the store in Portmouth NH.  I was duped into thinking that I could easily transfer my music from my iphone to my new optimus f6 phone but cannot do it even though I backed it up.  Was on the phone for  two hours trying to figure it out. The phone also has a lag time when I am talking to someone on it. In general it is just a sucky phone.  Don't waste your money or your time.

better than branded products!! works well, looks good, has all the functions you need and more, great camera, and sturdier than most phones.

This phone turned out great for me. I mainly use my phone for texting, web browsing, and calling and this phone fits the bill. The greatest thing is the battery life, which is AMAZING!

Now if I were only as smart as the phone in order to figure out all it can do !

I am not an Android person, personally I hate anything with the Google name on it, for that matter Apple too. I purchased for my son and had a few glitches with SIM card error and ended up getting it replaced. Amazon as usual was amazing and it was quite painless as I am a Prime member. They sent me a new one and I got to keep the old one until it was received. That is good service in my opinion. I waited to write this review until I made sure the phone had no more issues. It has been great. Battery life is above average for a smartphone, apps and OS is OK for an Android phone, just not my cup of tea. So that being said it is a good phone for the price I suppose. Like my Windows phones way better just simpler, easier to use, integrated Office apps, Skydrive, multiple email accounts setup and just way easier to find everything. That is my one big gripe about Android phones, like going on a fishing expedition every time you need to access a setting or something. So that is just my opinion, if you like Android then this is a good phone and I would not hesitate if you are thinking about purchasing . As long as you are getting this model and not an unlocked model but the actual T-Mobile model you will be happy. It has 4G LTE and all the functionality it is supposed to have. Buyer beware of International versions. Not the same thing ever!! Trust me I have been down that road too many times, please learn from my mistakes. Make sure you are getting a US version phone if you are using a US cellular service provider. All the savings in the world are just not worth it.

I bought this phone for my wife and she has been using it now for months and really likes it.  We tried several other phones and returned them.  This one is light weight, powerful enough to run all her apps, and has excellent battery life.  There are many days where she doesn't charge it at night and it still lasts her through the second day.

Coming from a Galaxy S2 to the LG Optimum F3, This phone is not for the hardcore power user on Android but yet it would be perfect for someone who is not a hardcore user. While this phone offers 4 GB of memory, more than half of these gigabits are users for the LG Skin on top of Android jellybean O/S power up the phone and the customer will only receive 1.3 GB. This does not let a lot of room to put a lot/ larger apps on the phone. This phone is (LTE) Long Term Evolution speed which making watching videos online a great experience..

I loved this phone, Tiny and functional. Internal memory was too little to handle basic application that anybody would need. I bought a SD card but only photos and filed will go to SD card. Applications installed can not be sent to SD card. Had to return it.

This was supposed to be a brand new device, within a week of having it,  already started freezing up on me and would not keep a charge. Within a month in half,  it no longer worked anymore for no reason ( i had not dropped it or anything like that, I hade a great protective case on it) I am very disappointed that I spent my money on this. I struggle financially and this was a huge burden on me

Recommend phone to anyone.  It has all the connectivety and the tools that the big boys have. The small and sleek footprint is great - fits easily in my pocket

My Droid Pro was stolen so I was forced to get a new phone. It was over 2 years old so it was about time. I was overwhelmed by all the phones available now and a little reluctant to shell out 4, 5, 6 and even 7 hundred bucks on a phone, especially with new models expected in the next couple months.  I also didn't want another long contract. I ended up paralyzed and unable to make a decision so I decided to go for a phone that would be adequate for a few months and could later be used for a travel phone (so I could take my time deciding on a permanent phone) - so not too pricey but smart enough to be useful.I was looking at Blu phones, Samsung, used i phones, etc and trying to stay under $200.I couldn't find anything that seemed perfect and in the end asked the local big box electronics store to recommend a phone and ended up with the F3 For $150.I didn't love the phone right away. It felt very light in my hand and plastic-y. I added a case and it felt a little better. I'm on day 4 now and I really like this phone now. I think it will be my permanent phone!Good points:The battery lasts forever! I have a habit of following fb, texting and checking email frequently as well as googling quite a bit and watching youtube too. I was charging my Pro after 4 hours of use on average. I charge the F3 every other day. Wow.The phone is speedy! It has 4G and it's just as fast as my laptop. I have it on T Mobile with unlimited data so I don't even switch over to wifi at home.Not so good points:The touchscreen keyboard is pretty small and I'm having trouble transitioning from the actual keyboard buttons on my last phone.The screen that shows when you drag down from the top of the home screen is very crowded. It's botherimg me a lot less today than it did on the first day. I will get used to it.Overall I'm very happy with the phone. It does everything I need. I'm not stuck in a 2 year contract and I didn't pay so much that I will be afraid of losing it or dropping it.

Has more options and features than you'll ever need. I highly recommend you consider this phone as the price is so much less than other higher priced phones

I am a die-hard Android fan, but I can't stand how big flagship phones are getting. I wanted a smaller phone that I could actually operate with one hand, but that would have good enough specs to do the things I needed. The Optimus F3 meets that criteria. Enough RAM to power Jelly Bean, enough processing power to multi-task, and plenty of battery power to run on LTE all day long.I wish the internal storage were a little larger so I could fit more apps, or that they would allow moving apps to SD. I don't even have that many games, just my basic daily apps take up almost all the space.I wish LG (and others) would stop modifying Android from what Google releases. LG is by far the closest to a vanilla interface, but they still try to make a lot of their apps look like iPhone for some reason. Just ugly IMO. I use a different launcher, SMS, and phone app so it doesn't matter too much, but still..Other than that, I love the phone. Yea!

The LG Optimus F3 is by far my best phone purchase ever. Many great features, clear and awesome pictures, you receive notifications during game play unlike other phones where you must stop and sign out of the game to check your email , texts etc.; 4G LTE that has great reception no matter where you are and the touch screen capacity is also great. I learn more about my phone everyday that really fascinates me. Yes, this is a great phone.

I have been using this phone for a couple months. I find it fast and easy to use. There are many features that have improved over older versions of the Android OS. I would give 5 stars except that it has very little on board memory, and that is a real problem for Play Music.  Even streaming in Play Music doesn't work on this device.  Lots of folks are having this problem because Play doesn't support using the SD card.  Other than that, this is a quality phone at a reasonable price.

To preface, I am a power Android user who uses a Google Nexus 4 as a primary smartphone. In the last two months, I have purchased an LG Optimus L9 (the precursor of this phone) for my fianc&eacute;, and this Optimus F3 for my sister.The phone comes in the same pre-paid, off-the-shelf look as if it were purchased in Best Buy, and it includes a Micro-SIM card for pre-paid activation. However, the phone is only locked to T-Mobile's network, so activating a post-paid account with the phone worked just fine as well. The setup is fairly painless, with the prerequisite Google account to download contacts, settings etc. Coming from a stock Android experience, this build is a little heavy with bloatware apps, especially T-Mobile's services and things like mobile security. However, for a new smartphone user, you would probably not even notice.Despite only having 1GB of RAM, the phone is very responsive even with several apps running in the background. The LTE is quick, and T-Mobile has a preconfigured notification telling you how much data you have used. Speaking of preconfigured notifications, if you use all of the Q-settings from LG and the T-Mobile reports and the virus scan reports, you will have virtually no room on the 4 inch screen for the actual notifications such as texts and missed calls. I would highly recommend disabling some of the stock notifications.Aside from the user interface, the hardware is very nice. Having a 4 inch screen in a land of 5 inch monsters is very good for those with small hands or pockets. People coming from an iPhone or iPod touch will be right at home with size. The phone is small and light, but packs a HUGE battery (2460 mAh vs 2100 mAh in even a Nexus 4). That combined with the fairly small screen and dual core processor should yield amazing battery life. The notification light around the home button is a much needed improvement over the L9. The camera is not the selling point of this phone, but using tap-to-focus will make pictures usable.As a last point, make sure when shopping for cases to find products for the T-Mobile variant (MS659 model number). The other model for Virgin Mobile has four rounded corners, so the cases will not fit. Overall, this will make a perfect phone for non-power users who need an off-contract phone for T-Mobile. It won't hold a candle to a Galaxy or iPhone, but at 1/3 of the price, that is to be expected. Get this phone and a Simple Choice plan, and you will save lots of $$$.

LOVE the phone! better than iPhone in my opinion. had one and didn't like it. the LG Optimus is MUCH better!

Lightweight, better battery lifeCons. Cannot store many apps on sdOnly 1.5 gb on harddriveBloatware hogs hard drive storage

The LG Optimus F3 is a first: a small and light 4G LTE phone that combines ultra-high speed 4g LTE with fast HSPA+ data speeds.  Now you can enjoy Netfix videos on your lunch hour.T-Mobile is selling the LG F3 for the amazing price of $49 at T-Mobile's expanding network of neighborhood MetroPcs stores and at the MetroPcs website.Prepaid customers at MetroPcs get an extra 20% discount on monthly service compared with T-Mobile's regular prepaid monthly fee.  MetroPcs customers enjoy unlimited use of the T-Mobile network for just $40 a month including all taxes and fees.The T-Mobile LG F3 delivers consistently fast data speeds in 70% of America's largest cities because it connects to both T-Mobile's new 4G LTE network and also to their very fast HSPA+ 3G network.NOTE: The T-Mobile coverage map lets you enter your zip code and zoom in to see the quality of the 4G coverage on your block.Outside of major cities, the LG F3 will get bumped down to T-Mobile's 2G Edge network. The T-Mobile 2G network is often faster than the Sprint 3G network my old phone used, and it is fast enough for email, news and streaming Pandora Radio.The F3 has an sharp four inch screen in a compact body weighing just four ounces, similar in size to the Apple iPhone 5. The dual core processor is fast enough for most apps, but not for some 3D action games.Although the LG F3 is one of the smallest 4G LTE phones available, it has a massive battery that lasts 50% longer than the average smartphone. It is possible to go 24 hours on a charge unless you are using GPS or streaming videos.If you are streaming videos over 4g LTE or navigating with GPS, you can consume 25% of your battery charge in just an hour.The front speaker sounds good indoors but is a bit too quiet for a noisy environment. Turning on noise cancellation helps. The rear speaker works well as a speakerphone but is only adequate for music. With good ear buds, music sounds great.The camera takes good photos in bright sunlight, but is mediocre in dim light and indoors. Videos are okay, but not great.WEAKNESS: Only a TINY 1.2gb of internal memory is available after you update the pre-installed apps such as Google Maps.To free  internal memory: for each app you do not use, go into "settings", to "apps", select "all apps" and look for apps using more than 1mb of memory that you never use. Uninstall the updates, unselect notifications and then delete or disable the app.Apps most people do NOT use include Google+, Google Books, Google Magazines, Google Movies, Google Music and the Chrome browser app. Removing the updates and disabling those apps frees 200 megs of memory.Install a 16gb or 32gb sd card to hold your music and photos. Some large apps, such as Netflix, can be moved to the SD card.An oval LED light around the home button changes from red to green when the F3 is fully charged. The light blinks when you have an unread text or email.CASES: Most LG F3 cases on Amazon are for the Sprint/Virgin 720 version and do NOT fit the T-Mobile/MetroPCS MS659 version.Search Amazon for "case MS659" or visit a T-Mobile or MetroPCS store to get a case guaranteed to fit. The Body Glove Dimensions case is slim, light and fits precisely.

I love the quality of the camera. I would recommend it to my friends. This phone is a keeper for me.

I purchased this while I was waiting for my LG G2. The phone is ok, but there are just some things you can't do on this phone. I think the price is too high for this type of phone. And it did freeze up on me a few times were had to reset the phone.

I bought this phone after using early versions of the Samsung S series.  I just needed something I could pick up cheap and with no contracts, before T-Mobile started their no-contract policy.  I had really wanted a new Samsung and was wary about an LG, so I was very pleasantly surprised to find how great this phone is.  It is faster than my Samsung ever was.  It has fantastic voice-to-text accuracy.  I love all of the extra little LG features it comes with.  The only complaint is the very small storage space.  I use Google Photos to immediately back-up all my photos so I can erase them for space.  I also transfer all apps I'm able to to my SD card.  If you need a lot of storage space, this is not the phone for you.

Can't find directions to anything.  Tried find a booklet on internet to download telling me how but can't find it either.  Not as easy to use I thought it would be.
