
I give this phone 3 stars only becuse I didn't get to use it. But from what I could see I believe it is a real nice phone. Had to send it back due to cell phone carrier issue.

I switched from the iPhone 4S to this phone. Going from 3G to 4G was great for my speeds, but more than that it was great to get back on the Android Operating system.The phone itself performs well with no issues. I have found no glitches to it yet - I will update if I find anything.Call quality is great. I have had no problems with hearing others and the mic catches me pretty well.The speaker on the phone itself is great. I listened to it in my car coming back from an errand and it was crystal clear as well as packed a lot of volume for a cell phone speaker.The screen is 720p (1080 would be better), but it is extremely sharp. Every bit as sharp as my friend's S4.The best advantage I have found is Active Display. Without lighting up the entire phone - which is not only a battery drain but sometimes just downright annoying - the Active display gives an effective alert. It also gives me a small preview as well. This may be my favorite part of the phone.

I am and have always been an tech aficionado. Always getting the latest phones based on specs and being the latest versions no matter what the battery life is or the bugs. I have always been running beta software and until now it has always been because there was no real argument to use the versions of the phones that came with the devices. However the Moto X has made me rethink this. I looked at this phone and even though by a spec list it is not top of the line I can't tell the difference in performance between this phone and the HTC one(top of the line). This phone has some unique features that  no other phone even comes close. Overall this phone was a great purchase and will recommend to all my friends.

This is my 4th Android phone and 6th Android device (two tablets) since I started using Android in 2010.  I've experienced devices from HTC, Samsung, and Motorola.  This is my first phone with a near stock experience.  It's a smooth experience with no lag, crashes...just how one would envision Android would be.  Motorola's tweaks through Motorola Assist, Active Notifications, Touchless Controls are a welcome addition and I'm not sure how I'll live without them on my next phone.Storage:I was concerned about only having 16 GB of storage.  I've decided to embrace the cloud and the 50 GB of Google Drive storage for two years will help with that.  I've set all my photos to auto sync to Google+ and will wipe them from my phone to free up space.Screen Size:If you're coming from a phone with a larger screen like the Galaxy S III of S4, the screen size will take some getting used to.  The Moto X has a 4.7&#34; screen and the GS3 has 4.8, but the GS3's screen feels significantly bigger due to the fact that the Moto X uses virtual buttons.Battery Life:As a heavy user, I get far from the advertised 24 hr life.  I can get a full business day (8 hrs) with moderate to heavy usage.Camera:The camera is poor.  It get's the job done for social media uploads, but I've used other phones that have print quality.I'd recommend this phone to power users and new users alike.

I have been using a flip phone forever.  This is my first so called smart phone.  I just wanted a basic phone that had basic features.  For the price of $.01 because my contract was up and I updated it for two years, it cannot be beat.  The phone actually has all the features I could ever want and does the same or more than my daughters expensive so called top of the line smart phone.  The phone is actually quite impressive, fits well in the hand, is slim, and I love it!

At first, this phone was underwhelming.  I would say basically a 3 or maybe 4 star rating.  It was fast, but I just wasnt' sure if this phone was right for me.However, day after day this phone is growing on me more and more.  I thought I wouldn't use the always listening, but I find I use it a few times a day now.  I thought active notifications were overrated and I wanted my LED light back, but now I love having that extra information just a glance away.  I thought the small battery would be an issue, but every day I can plug in with 50% or more remaining with moderate usage.  The camera is decent.  I don't expect much when using my phone, as it is built as that, not as a camera (although the twist to launch motion is amazing.  Easily get quick shots!)Since buying the phone, Motorola has put the camera, active notification, assist, connect, and touchless controls on the PlayStore, so they can update them just like any app.  This means that any time there is an upgrade, I don't have to wait for the carrier to finally release it!  Genius!And now with 4.4, it is the first, non-Nexus phone to receive the most up to date software.  This is truly a great phone, one that only has improved since buying it.  I recommend this phone to anyone who uses basic functions, light gaming, browsing, etc (although I have played a few intensive games and it runs no problem!)

I'm still just crazy amazed at my Moto X! It went one and a half days without charging. And yes, I was playing with it almost non-stop during this period! After using Mr LG Viper for 2 years and having to charge it 3 times a day...This is heaven!!!The Motorola Moto X uses &#34;Touchless Control&#34; which does everything for you. While the phone is locked and asleep, sitting face down on the table, all I have to do is say the launch phrase... &#34;Okay Moto X&#34;, ...then say &#34;send a text message to John Doe&#34;... and the Moto X takes over. It will ask if I want the text sent to  &#34;John Doe's&#34; mobile phone. Then it asks what the text should say. After I dictate the text message, my Moto X asks to send message. I say yes, and it's done! Same thing with emails. I can also tell it to set a calendar entry, alarm clock, or general reminder. With my &#34;Jabra Extreme 2&#34; Bluetooth headset, I can do all this without taking my phone out of my &#34;Otter box&#34; holster. Ask it to call someone and it asks, mobile, home, or work. You can also set it to call based on history, so if you usually call someone on their cell phone the Moto X will call that one first.The voice recognition is spot on. I'd say it misses about one word in fifty...maybe!If I'm driving the Moto X &#34;knows&#34; to automatically notify me verbally of text messages, emails, and other notifications. It then asks if I want it read to me out loud. Then I have the option of responding without ever touching my phone. All so very user friendly, even an old geezer like me became an expert user almost immediately. Also while driving, I can say &#34;Okay Moto X...driving directions to Walmart&#34; instead of just automatically routing me to the closest Walmart, it gives me options starting with the closest. I then choose the one I want, and My Moto X launches Google maps navigation and gives me turn by turn through my ear piece.This phone rocks!!! The Samsung Galaxy S4 calls itself &#34;Life Companion&#34;...really?...REALLY? If that's true, my Moto X is a &#34;Life Simplified&#34;. Look out world...Here comes ME and MY MOTO X!!! Lol!  B-)

I have always had HTC before getting Moto X.  I decided to go with Moto X for 2 reasons.  First, it is the only phone made in the states (usually not a big deal, but the ads hooked me).  Second, the the 4.7 inch screen in a normal sized phone (HTC One Mini is not available at Sprint).  Men carry their phones in their front pocket.  Therefore, size matters.  I really like the form and fit of the phone.  It will be interesting to see what Lenovo does with Motorola.

Good phone.  My son has this one and loves it.  Good battery life, can play all recent games, has 4G coverage...

Purchased this phone to go with my Sprint unlimited data service, and really like it.  My daughter got the LG Nexus 5 and she loves it, but it's bordering on a small tablet (like almost every other phone out there today) and it's just too big for me.  The Moto X is the perfect size for me, small enough to slip into a shirt pocket or more frequently one of the back pockets of a pair of jeans when not in my hand.There are plenty of reviews out there and the feature set is fairly typical and well established, so I won't go into any of that except to say that I have not had a single glitch with this phone in the several months that I've owned it (knock on MDF, particle board or whatever passes for wood today).  I shut it down and re-start it every now and then only because I like to do that periodically, but it has never required me to reboot it to fix anything.It smoothly transitions between 3G, 4G, wifi and no-G, and has run any app I've tried more than fast enough.  Ok maybe side-by-side with a quad core phone it might trail in doing something by 0.13 seconds, but in practice I have to say if that is meaningful to anyone then they value their fractional seconds more than I do.  In addition to handling web browsing and texting in stride, it also makes phone calls!  It sends and receives pretty clean voice, and the best news is that it doesn't feel like you're holding a small tablet against your head (in those instances when blue tooth or it's speakerphone mode isn't appropriate).I picked up a &#34;SUPCASE&#34; black case to put around it, which is slim and comfortable compared to the Otter Box I had on my HTC previously (the HTC was a glitchy phone).  It keeps the package nice and small and I have already dropped the thing from waist height (cold weather, dry hands) with no damage.I can't think of too many products I've purchased where there weren't at least one or more things that bugged me or that I wish were implemented differently, but I'd say that this is very close to one of those rare occasions.  Close because there is one thing that I think I wish was different: I wish it had a replaceable battery.  About a year or so into previous phones I've owned, I've put in an after-market new battery to get a little more life back.  Time will tell how the Moto X battery holds up as it's too early to tell if they've stuck a quality battery into this phone.  I can say that on days when it doesn't get a lot of use it has gone for 3 days before recharging.  Of course, heavy use drags this number down, but since I have other things of value to do with my time aside from diddling with a phone all day, I typically get 2 days from a full charge.Highly recommended.

Awesome phone, way better reception than my wife's iPhone, for both voice and data, works super fast, latest updates. Great size too, not too huge

I love this phone.  I love the way it responds when you are driving. Love the voice control.  The battery life is great.

The phone itself may be fine, but God help you if you have a problem.  Customer service is beyond awful. I read complaints online about Motorola before I bought this phone and thought &#34;these people are over reacting&#34;. Believe me when I say that I should have listened! Do yourself a favor and buy from a company with better customer service like Samsung or Apple. You have been warned!

This is one of the best phones I ever had. My wife has a Samsung Galaxy S4 and I find my Moto X is way easier to use. Come on, shake the phone back and forth a couple of times and the camera is activated instantly. I can go on and on about this phone. If you have any questions just ask.

The phone has a lot of great features that I am still learning about, and currently the battery holds it charge for long period of time.

Initially had problems with the phone, notified Motorola and that is when the nightmare began! Sent the phone to Motorola Repair Facility on December 22nd, finally got a new phone on January 27after numerous phone calls!! I went through so many changes that I will NEVER purchase another Motorola Product! Amazon was not at fault, that it why I am giving them 5 stars. My problem is with Motorola Company. I even wrote a letter to Dennis Woodside, CEO of Motorola in February and have yet to get a response.

I did a lot of research before purchasing this phone and decided on it over the S4 and G2 due to the fact it just plain works. The camera is impressive and the battery life is outstanding (never had it go dead during the day with heavy use). Highly recommend this device!

Awesome device! Very user friendly and lots of innovative features. What I like most are the touch less controls. Great for helping you stay focused on the road.

I've had it for about a month. It's the best experience I've had with a smartphone in years and it's packed with useful features, not gimmicky bloatware. The only drawback is the camera. Even after the update, it stinks. I was out shopping and sending pics of some scarves to my daughter and a light purple scarf and another dark purple one appeared to be gray and dark blue, respectively. I've never seen such poor color fidelity in any camera. Even so, I'd buy the phone again tomorrow and recommend it to friends.

small form factor compared to samsung galaxy and htc one drew me to this phone i had a motorola photon before this which is almost the same size and i didnt really want a screen too big, maybe my hands are small but i feel like galaxy and htc ones screens are too large to manage with one handthe screen is sharp at 720p its not 1080 but i remember people were saying you cant tell the difference in 32in tvs a few years ago lol either way it looks nicebattery life is great i go from 10am - 12AM (14 hours) with internet or music what have you games i dont really worry about killing the battery compared to my photon which i had to budget my battery usagehonestly the voice commands are a gimmick but i can see it being useful for people who need to use their phone while driving ( i dont drive myself)ultimatelygood form factory good battery works great with games and its snappy

best phone I have ever had even though it is assembled in the USA when will we ever get an all American made smartphone

I was torn between this and the Nexus 5. I was never able to use them side by side but finally went for the Moto X based on the separate processor to handle voice commands. Going in I was not sure how much I would use them. Now that I am a couple of months into it, I am surprised by how much I just speak to my phone. I'm sure I've more to learn on ways to make it work but it has been a very satisfactory phone.

Google and Motorola did something different here by actually focusing on how to give a better phone experience and not just cram the latest processor and highest pixels per inch display. Or jam it with gimmicky features that you'll never use like on the Samsung devices. Touchless control while the phone is still off may seem gimmicky at first but the next time you're barreling down the highway in heavy traffic and need to set GPS navigation or quick send a text to someone because you forgot something without having to fumble with the phone is pretty handy. Also the active display is hard to live without once you start using it to get a quick preview of notifications without having to turn on or mess with the display. The device is super responsive running nearly stock android OS with virtually no bloatware from Sprint or Motorola. The phone is coated inside and out with water resistant spray. I've seen videos of it been dunked in water and still working. I also like that the phone is 100% assembled in USA and 70% of parts are sourced within USA.

Great phone, fast and efficient. I've had no complaints. It's got so many user friendly features, it's for everyone that doesn't want to spend time figuring out their phone. it's very accessible and easy to use. And &#34;google now&#34; is amazing, I don't have to touch my phone to use it.

Disclaimer, I've had the phone activated for less than a week and I'm sure that I have not yet unlocked all of its features.  That said, so far, the phone has not lived up to my expectations.  I think it's funny/interesting that one of the few reviews on this phone on Amazon so far is from someone who migrated from an Evo 4G, because I also am migrating from an Evo 4G, and I have a different take on the Moto X vs that person's 5 stars.  Pretty much everything below is either vs my expectations or vs my actual Evo 4G experience (a now 3 year old phone).  I'm using an Incipio case for the phone, which appears to be a light version of the Otterbox Commuter case.Also, I use my phone for both work and personal stuff.  I need Exchange hooked up via ActiveSync which requires me to have a lock screen with a code.So here's the pros:1. Fast and responsive2. Clear and vibrant display3. Astonishing voice clarity in windy and noisy settings (so when I'm doing the talking)4. Fast boot up and shut down times5. Easy to hold (major purchase consideration for me)6. Has great battery life (major purchase consideration for me)7. Appears to have a number of 'whiz bang' features:(a) Can register with Motorola and then remote find and wipe the phone if it's lost/stolen(b) Can buy a device and turn any HD TV into a wireless screen for the phone (mixed reviews online though)(c) Ok Google Now voice activation (mixed feelings, see below)8. Surprisingly light9. The organization of apps on screens includes the option to bucket a bunch of apps together into a group.  It's a nifty option.10. Voice recognition for searches is excellent.  I use the Ok Google Now regularly to send text messages or set an alarm.  I like it overall.11. You can see multiple notifications and the detail behind those notifications without unlocking the phone, although you do need to swipe the phone to see any details (this was not apparent at first, but figured it out over a few days)12. The email app is an improvement in responsiveness, although it had trouble logging into Yahoo mail sporadically after accessing it fine for a few days.  It's also significantly better than my old Evo app for reviewing and accepting Outlook meeting invites.13.  The Google Now 'cards' are pretty nifty when they work.  I like seeing my commute time before leaving the house or my work, but wish I could use Tasker to just give me the commute minutes and not make me check the card each time.Here are the negatives:1. If you use the Google card that gives you directions for commute including traffic, while very handy, it decimates battery life.  At least 50% worse battery life when enabled when out of my house.2. The phone gives zero text regarding emails or texts received until the phone has been swiped/touched.  It will tell me that a new text has arrived, but not the actual message until I swipe.  My old Evo would briefly show if I had a missed call, who called.  And if I had a text, some of the information of the text.3. Even though supposedly Sprint has rolled out LTE where I live in Dallas, I don't pick it up at work or in my house.  I would have picked up the '4G' signal on the Evo at either location, although it was sporadic.4. The 3G data connectivity appears to be more spotty than my Evo was.  It times out more often, and although not certain, appears to be a slower 3G data connection vs my old phone.5. The Moto X forces you to save all contacts as a Gmail account profile, even my work Exchange contacts.  On my Evo, I had a choice between Google, Phone Only, and Exchange Only.  I think this is a really slimy practice.  Sprint and I did pay north of $500 for the phone, and yet Google forces me to give it free reign to my personal address book.6. In order to enable wifi location services for 3rd party apps, you MUST agree to google collecting anonymous information about you.  I don't know if my Evo did this too, but I highly dislike this forced relinquish of privacy.7. There is no `menu' button at the bottom as my Evo had.  I do miss it.8. There is no 'search' button at the bottom of the screen as my Evo had.  I think this is a design flaw, and worse than my Evo.9. There is no physical light when the phone is charging.  I fly a lot, and sometimes the charging ports are flakey and don't have a good connection to the phone.  The charging light was useful on the Evo.  I'll miss it.10.  I can't see the phone's screen in direct sunlight with default settings (it's capable of being bright enough, but doesn't come out of the box using auto adjust.  I use the app Lux to take care of this though)11.  The camera is disappointing.  I've taken side by side photos using the Moto X and my wife's 2 year old iphone 4S, and her pictures are better, every time.  It's a huge let down.12.  I get about 12gb to use after the bloatware, and after installing my apps, I'm left with about 5gb for media.  It's not awesome.13.  The transferring of data/contacts/media from my old phone was helped by Motorola's 'Migrate' program.  It's actually an innovative program, but for some reason, it doesn't automatically transfer contacts.  So I had to 'export' contacts on my old phone, transfer them to a PC, transfer them to the Moto X, and 'import' them to the new phone.  I suspect that had I upgraded to HTC One instead of the Moto X, this would have been much easier using HTC's Sync program.14.  It took me a while to figure out how to de-link my notification volume from the ringer volume.  So my preference is to have notifications never make a sound, just vibrate.  And while I can de-link, I believe it is impossible (at least without a 3rd party app) to set different ringer volumes for notifications and calls.15. I know it uses Wifi to determine my location.  This may not be an actual con, but I believe that means that my wifi profile is stored on some server of Google's, and if I go into a store that uses phone WiFi profiles to track shoppers, they actually know it's me and where I am.  Like many things on this phone, it's very big brother like.16.  Email searches are conducted server side, whereas my Evo did the searches on the phone itself.  The advantages of a server side search is that I will get more results than just the 'downloaded' emails that are on the phone.  But Sprint connectivity is slow, the searches are slow, they often time out, and I often can't find the emails I need to find.  I wish it was an option on how I want to do searches.17. Not sure if it's because of Sprint's network or not, but the phone routinely gives me messages that it can't connect to the email server for both my Yahoo mail and my work's Exchange email.  In addition, it lets me know with a minor double-vibrate notification.  So not only am I not getting my email, I'm constantly reminded that the phone isn't picking it up, and I need to make a decision each time to determine if it's a dumb 'can't connect' vibrate of if I actually got a text or real notification.  3 years with the Evo and never had to put up with this.As the title of this review said, and as the laundry list of 'cons' implies, I find the phone more annoying than pleasing at times.  I will say that it's fast and responsive, has great battery life, and is easy to hold and use.  These are the exact three reasons why I bought this phone vs some competitors, so from that perspective, I'm happy with it.  I'll try to update this review after I've had some more time to play with the phone.

I'm a technophile and have used numerous smartphones over the past few years, including multiple BlackBerries, iPhones, and Android devices. This is by far the best phone I've ever had. Motorola has really hit a home run with this phone, finding the optimal intersection between the pure Android experience, a layer of non-intrusive and useful software optimizations, and hardware that is optimized to work well with that software.Love lots of things about it, including:- Voice activated search gets it right all the time. I can ask it the temperature, do a Google search, tell it to start playing a song, send an SMS message, and many more. Plus, it's always listening, so it works without pressing a button (you just say "OK Google Now").- Love the look and feel of the device. The device fits perfectly in my hand, yet it still has a huge screen. The back has a great feel and a little dimple that helps you orient it in your hand.- Twist your hand twice and the camera starts up. No screen unlock, no looking for the app, no waiting - love it!- Battery life is much better than my previous Sprint phone (though the battery isn't removable, which means I have to be a little more careful about usage)- The phone is fast and smooth. No hiccups or hangs, it just works.- Active notifications really work. Whenever I take my phone out of my pocket it shows the time and any new notifications I have without me having to press a button. It does it in a way that only lights up a small part of the screen, so battery life is preserved.- Automatically switches into smart modes. It has modes for meetings and driving. I only use the driving mode, which means that whenever I get a text message while driving it tells me I have a text message, and if I say "Listen" it reads it to me. I can respond by either automatically sending a message saying that I'm driving or by dictating a message - all of this without touching the phone.I've always been a fan of Android, but have recognized that the simplicity of iOS has tremendous value. With this phone I think that balance has changed, and that the innovative services the Moto X provides really make it a worthy replacement for anyone who is looking for something better than their iPhone.

This is a thin skinned nexus phone. I know this is true because my last phone was a nexusS4g .Motorola/Google make the battery work for up to 29hrs .I charge my Moto x once compared to my wife's Galaxy S4 two or three times. Maximum screen to phone dimensions. Sprint unlimited forever

The Republic Wireless (RW) version of the MOTO X is a bit of a different gadget. It has been specifically modified for that carrier & cannot be used elsewhere (with the exception of WIFI calling & data). The phone has been modified with a custom unflashable  ROM. It is also *not* a rooted phone, so many apps which require root access will not work. It also exclusively uses the SPRINT system for cell calls and cell data.OK, That's the limitations. Now for it's advantages & etc. ... Here's my review of the phone that I wrote in response to a column in the WSJ (Smartphone With Wi-Fi Smarts):---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I've been watching Republic Wireless (RW) for some time. I found that I don't use the "data" feature on my Samsung Galaxy S2 (T-Mobile) very much at all. And, I can live with the occasional inconvenience of not having it. This is especially so considering the price. When the MOTO X came available, I jumped & ordered one. I've been testing it over the past week since it arrived.Some notes:1) The first phone they sold was a bit of a dog. The second was better, but still barked. The third looks like it hit the sweet spot.2) The WIFI bias does have some potential for problems. The only ones that I see so far is when the phone is near an almost out-of-range, or heavily used, WIFI signal. Note: the WIFI has to be an open (unlocked) signal. In an area with only locked WIFI networks, it'll stay on Cell.3) The phone has a clean swap from WIFI to Cell with no hiccup. My S2 drops the call *every* time! Performing the same exact drive down the same street as I move away from my home WIFI & the MOTO X does a clean switch.4) The phone is limited to some selection restrictions: black, or white. So, bling is out, except for the case. I guess I'll just have to suffer.5) Phone shape: Very nice, except that I personally prefer a flat candy-bar style. So, it was off to AMAZON for a tailored case (just arrived this afternoon by UPS).6) The phone is middle of the road in it's smart phone features: Smaller Screen; OK processor speed; only 16G (11G, or so, available to the user); so-so camera; and the only one big negative, no microSD slot for memory expansion. Also of note is that the phone is sealed & you can't easily replace the battery.7) Available unlocked for $650 from various sellers. Subsidized by RW at $300 ($330, as tested) with ***no*** contract required! Just a month-by-month charge on your Credit Card.8) Ability to swap plans up & down to get extra features when needed. See, you can have data when you want it! I'm on the Cell Talk & Text w/WIFI Data only Plan.9) I have a MagicJack+, so I can put the MJ App on the phone & have a dual line phone when I am in an open WIFI area! I'm in the process of doing this now. It worked great in my S2, so I expect no problems here.10) And, yes, I use WIFI calling at home because I get crappy reception from T-Mobile (& before that ATT & SPRINT) at home. So, this phone & the plans & pricing beat the pants off of the competition for me.11) WARNING: It is *not* a rooted phone! So, you cannot run some Apps on it (such as Root Call Blocker). So, be advised, it's got some technical limitations. These are tradeoffs for the price & etc.Finally, I have a 2 month overlap before my T-Mobile contract ends. I'll port my existing Cell # over at that time. And drop my monthly charges from approx. $85 to approx. average of $13. ($10 + the usual taxes that you can't escape). Average plan + phone cost (amortizing the phone over 2 years - approx. $40/ mo. & over 3 years - $24/ mo.) is $40/mo.All-in-all, I'm extremely pleased with the phone & the service so far. I should point out that I researched on & off label wireless carriers for 6 months. My best general find was Walmart with their VOIP (MJ competition) & their bring your old (T-Mobile Phone) Cell plans. Both are quite a bit more expensive over time.So, my S2 is now mounted on a Grace Digital Stereo adaptor/charger system in my bedroom & has been converted to a small stereo & clock radio system. And, my even older Samsung Instinct is now used as a standalone MP3 player. Such is the march of technology.Special note: Read the fine print on your phone contracts. Do not toss out your old phone. You can still use it as either a WIFI only phone (ex. with MJ if you have WIFI capability) and as an emergency 911 phone.---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------13 Dec 2013: An update. After purchasing another product (a case) that didn't work out, I replaced it with a better one. It is a PDair case (available from both AMAZON & eBay). This case isn't quite as nice as the PDair case for my now retired Samsung Galaxy S2, but it's still a great case. It does have some limitations, but is the best case that i have found for this phone to date. You can see my review of the PDair case on AMAZON.

I purchased the Moto-x as an upgrade from my Samsung Galaxy S2. The Phone is well built, and has a great feel to it. The software is clean, and performs very well. My issue is with the call quality and 4G connectivity on sprint. Right off the bat, I noticed a marked reduction in call quality compared to the S2 (on Sprint). I experienced a persistent hissing sound during phone calls, as well as a noticeable delay between speaking, and being heard by the participant on the other end. Simply put, the call quality was unacceptable. Additionally, my 4G connection was very unstable, and more often than not would revert to 3G. These issues cannot be blamed on the coverage in my particular location (Chicago), as the S2 had no such issues while in the same coverage area. I ended up returning the phone after two days.

Got phone in 2 days. Was a live demo floor model. No damage at all. Looks perfect. Chatted with sprint online and they transferred numbers. Came with original box, charger sealed, SIM care removed sealed, and instruction booklets. Would buy again.

After reviewing many phones this phones holds up.  Great battery life, small phone, but big screen feel. Fast and easy to use.

Moto X is a great phone and runs flawlessly on Republic Wireless, which provides great service at a price that blows the competition out of the water. Get $20 off your first month&#8217;s service charge when you sign up using the link below!http://rwshar.es/3nST

I lucked out and got this for 1 cent with free shipping by renewing my contract with Sprint, waaay cheaper than the $99 Sprint was asking for on their site.  Great product.  I upgraded from an HTC Evo 4G and this is blazing fast in comparison.  I love the OLED display and the easy on with a flick for the camera.  Super light and very sexy.  I love it!

Everything they say about this phone is true: this is the best Android phone on the market. My favorite feature of the phone is for sure the always on Active Listening. I love being able to just say &#34;Okay Google Now&#34; and having it search for the nearest gas station or to have it start playing music, making a call or sending a text message. Also, let's not forget about the the twisting to activate the camera without turning on the screen. It's been a lifesaver many times over.Active Notifications are also a game changer. I hope to see this feature in other phones and eventually to be able to customize the active notifications.

I loved the phone when I first got it and then the week of December 16th Motorola did an upgrade and when I called Motorola for help and irritated with the changes, the lovely customer service rep I spoke with told me to just return the phone instead of trying to assist me with the phone.

Motorola bites the dust under Google/ NSA controlHalf the features AND more expensive than Samsung S4.Google is not even trying. Did someone tie the little googlers hands behind them?Google is limiting what you get, just like Microsoft did when they became the de-facto monopoly in their field.MemoryFirst of all it costs no more to put 64 gig internal memory on these phones than 16 gig.But wait there's more ... you can upload all your contacts and data to THE Google Cloud and let the NSA look through it at no extra cost.No memory card to put your extra files on. I have a 64gig card half filled with files, movies, songs etc. I could not use the Motorola if I wanted to.And two years from now, I don't have to pay for it. That is if Google even exists in two years. Can you say Netscape.When you hack something it is supposed to become better. This is a hacked down phone. Like a gardener who cuts down all the trees in your yard. Motorola Google-Degrade version.CPUGive me a break. A fake Quad. Everyone else has a quad core. But The vaunted little Googlers have found a way to make your phone 2 years old when you get it. 2 year old Dual-Core processor so your phone and apps will be slow. And a Quad-core (graphics only) processor so IF you can get a game to run on the dual core, The graphics will look good. What a waste of effort.BatteryI cannot tell if you can take the battery out. Are you guys turning into Apple. Is the plan the battery dies and someone buys a new phone? Just like Apple. It is so funny apple copied Android for it's new operating system.PROsIf you could store all the data, you can actually take 1080p movies. The 16 gig internal memory will fill up in about 10 minutes. So you will have to use Google spyware and put it on the Google Spy Cloud with the on site NSA/Google servers so it can be downloaded at the NSAs convenience so the NSA can see what you have been up to, only a little easier. Maybe that's what Google is doing with their quantum computer.What is with the Googler wrist action picture taking? Is this some new wrist exercise?  I can see the Gestures now . . .  no lady I don't mean anything by that . . .  I'm just taking pictures ... : )Are there no smart people at Google? This phone is boring, bottom of the stack, and almost useless.You might as well get an old clam shell phone at Goodwill.Oh Google ... email me if you want to build a big boy phone. The NSA has my number. Really ... they do! Not joking.Man, if I owned Motorola You would have a man's phone. The girls could use it too.Google whoever is in charge there ... Bezos has my permission to give you my Amazon email address, you need to call me and make the phone my project.It was nice pretending Google was a game changer. Workin' for the little guy.  The dream is dead. Pretty soon you will need an Internet Drivers license to buy apps on Google play.Heil Gitler?

I upgraded from an HTC Evo 4g that ran Cyanogenmod.  I do not miss it at all.  The stock rom on this phone is awesome and I love all the Motorola apps included. I have no desire to attempt to root or install another rom on this phone.  And the battery life is great. I would recommend this phone based on my experience coming from an outdated phone.

Great phone, seems to have some hiccups with the web browser and bluetooth.  This may be an OS issue, however.  The size of this phone is great - not too big, not too small.  I'd certainly recommend this phone to others.  I have not been too impressed with the camera performance, however.

This phone is amazing, especially coming from an ancient EVO 4G (first gen).It may not be a quad-core processor, and most people would consider it mid-range quality because of that, but don't let that fool you. The phone feels great in your hands, the curved back is comfortable to hold even one-handed, and it's incredibly light. The hardware definitely feels premium and the operation is smooth, clean, and basically flawless. Google put a very near-stock Android Jellybean on it and it suits the device perfectly.Like I said, don't let the mid-range spec sheet fool you. This phone is definitely top-tier!

Battery life is not all that great but it will last all day. Other great features are on the phone

Love this phone!  Great, easy to use features.  Excellent battery life.  Comfortable feel in the hand. Motorola migrate made transferring my info easy.  The almost pure Android experience is awesome.  It is a phone that just does what it is suppose to do.

Currently a Verizon customer, but wanted to give Sprint a shot so I ordered this phone.  Phone arrived in great time, as always with Amazon Prime, and I activated it with Sprint.  Only problem was that, even though Sprint said it had coverage in my area, I couldn't get any service other than roam anywhere around my house or work.  I called Sprint to cancel my account within 24 hours, and they wanted to connect me with tech support to correct the problem (I asked them if tech support was going to rush out and put up a new cell tower just so I could get a signal, but apparently the sarcasm escape them).  I cancelled the account and returned the phone to Amazon (with NO problems, as always) within 48 hours.  NOW, Sprint has been hounding me for $50, for less than 24 hours of service, for the past 3 or 4 months - money which they will NEVER see.  As I said, I love the phone and have added one onto my Verizon account (which I get full bars with, because there's a cell tower 100 yards out the back door of my home), but I'll NEVER consider Sprint again, even if they were to add towers in my area.  4 stars for the Moto X - NO stars for Sprint.

Switched from samsung gs2.  Almost got a gs4 until I came across one of these beauties.  It is hands down better performing (o crashes so far), better feeling in hand (1 hand operation is actually possible), and feels good in my pocket.  While shopping today, I had to keep checking to see if it was still there!  And battery life over 60% after a full day's use on mostly 4g and occassional 3g coverage with Sprint.

This phone is pure joy. It uses all of it's features flawlessly.... The way the Moto X fits the hand is great plus I really like the screen size!! I have been a Motorola phone user for a long time. 3rd Motorola phone in 9 yrs and only reason for the change is to upgrade.

I finally found a phone that satisfies my needs.  It's got a solid processor and plenty of memory.  It's not gigantic like those phablets floating around out there.  It's not tiny like an iPhone.  I received an updated for Android 4.4 shortly after purchase.  The Touchless Control feature is amazing.The only problem I have is I'm on the Sprint network (barf).

This is an amazing device. It feels like more than a bunch of hardware thrown at me by engineers. There is a refined level of interaction from both a touch and voice audio perspective. Also things like tighter html5 video integration make rich web experiences more seamless and natural on a smartphone. So many design refinements.... Just feels great to use this phone.

I really like this phone... a lot. This is my first Android phone, I shied away from them because until recently I'd always heard they were glitchy, I also was not fond of the size android phones were becoming; i just couldn't make myself get and carry around the Galaxy S4. When I heard this was coming out I was happy to hear that it is way easier to use one handed and I also liked the look better than the samsung but when I heard you could use it without touching it I was sooooo intrigued. I kept thinking of what I would use it for and wondered would it really come in handy or be more of a fun at first gimmick. Well I can tell you, not only do i get such a kick out of the feature but it is so useful. I actually use it to find my phone a lot (when you call out to it "find my phone" it gives loud ring back to you) and use it to set alarms all the time. The other feature, active notifcations, no more picking up and waking up my phone when someone texts me, i just put my finger on it while it's on my desk, and the text is show. Perfect. Oh, and you don't have to wake the phone when you want to see the time, you can just move it with your finger if it's on a desk, or just take it out of your pocket. I love not having to push the wake button dozens of times a day like on other phones.  And even though some rumble about it not having a quad core, it's fast, and smooth, not glitchy. Might be a fraction of a second slower than the galaxys but I don't notice at all. Probably the best part about the phone for me is the form factor though so if you are tired of bigger phones check this phone out.Criticisms:One downside is the regular black or white version only comes in 16GB, so if you like music on your phone you have to get the 32GB off the motorola site and don't get the sometimes very good discounts from amazon.2ndly, screen is not as bright and gorgeous as the HTC One, but the reason is because they use an amoled screen so that they can have the active notifications features which, again, are so useful.and the camera. It's okay, really not great. If I had young kids I often wanted to take pictures of at a moments notice and you usually use your phone to do that, warning, it might not get you what you need. You can get good pics, but you need really good lighting to get it.What it really comes down to is, if you want a brighter bigger screen, go samsung or LG or Nexus, if you want a phone that fits much better in your pocket and has some really smart features, really consider this phone, even though it's not pushed by reps in stores it really is a diamond in the rough.

Beware, your first bill will include the following charges:Device Upgrade Fee-1 Unit  $36.00Device Upgrade Activation Fee  $37.69In addition to the additional price of the phone itself (which is more than 0.01c if you bother to be loyal to sprint).

This is by far the best smart phone I've ever owned.  It's ridiculously fast and effortless and with all of Google's products already baked into it, I find it incredibly easy to use, especially with the awesome "Google Now" feature.  Instead of typing in addresses and sentences or pressing icons for commands, you simply tell the phone what to do or verbally ask a question and without fail it's before your very eyes almost immediately.I also love the look of the phone, how thin it is and how responsive and precise the keypad is.Finally, I think I've found a phone that I won't for one reason or another want to trade in six months from now.  It's so superior to much of it's competition.  TERRIFIC phone!!!

I have had this phone for about 4 months now, so I think I'm ready to review it.  For reference, I came from an iphone 4S, which I did like very much.The design of the unit is mostly excellent.  I like how it fits in your hand nicely for a 4.7&#34; screen.  It feels solid enough, but build quality is a bit lacking compared to the 4S.  Also, the buttons (volume, power) feel flimsly in their mounting locations.  They work fine, but don't feel very solid.The screen is great but doesn't light up enough in bright sunlight; a very minor issue.  Mostly, it's just fine.  The AMOLED notifications are really nice, and I like how you can pick up the phone and unlock it from the &#34;sleep&#34; screen without messing around much (I do not have mine protected access).The software is mostly very good, but I do miss the music player from the iphone a little.  That said, I do like the &#34;instant mix&#34; feature.The camera works better than I expected based on reveiws.  Doesn't always take perfect pictures, but it does take beautiful ones if the light and the operator are aligned :)Overall, this is a very good Android phone, from the perspective of a guy who came from the iphone contingent.  Would I get this phone if I had it to do over?  Yes.  My wife has an HTC One and while her's has many cool features mine does not, I still prefer mine for the same reasons.I recommend this phone, for what it's worth.

Much cheaper than the actual Sprint site and no problems whatsoever on the bill, just the regular activation fee. Great phone, active display is certainly nice to have. constant touch-less control is cool too. Can use it for about a day and a half or more if you don't do anything with the phone. If you spend a few hours playing games (depending on the game) it can drain the battery quickly. I played Deer Hunter 2013 and it drained in an hour maybe 20-30% of the battery? Cameras decent, and the double twist for camera is useful. Sound quality is good. It can pick out your voice even in somewhat loud areas, but still some problems with recognizing words sometimes.

I really like this phone! After buying the Motorola photon (and regretting it too late), I was a little nervous about purchasing another Motorola product.  But I have to say it has some nice features (active display, ok google, photo editing options), decent battery life, and looks/feels great.  The camera is good, much better than the photon, but I noticed sometimes it has trouble capturing indoor photos and color saturation/hues can look way off.  Other than that, I am happy.  Definitely recommend for Android users.
