
This phone is great.  I bought it for a present.  One of the cheapest presents ever.  Sprint does not even offer a Sweeter deal

Excellent samsung phone works fine no problem s good apps good service from sprints can't wait for the Samsung 5 to go on sale so far so good

I honestly don't have a problem with this phone with the exception of the battery.  It is unbelievably bad.  You honestly cannot overstate what a piece of s*** this battery is.  I've spent $100 extra on accessories to support this piece of s*** battery.  I never should have ditched my iPhone for this phone.  I am done with this brand forever,  which is unfortunate bc the rest of the phone works pretty damn well.  The battery just doesn't even last 4 hours.  Which ends up being an enormous annoyance and a bit more expensive than they'd have you believe

LOVE THIS PHONE!!!!!  Battery is longer than I've seen.  Browses.  Connects.  What more can you ask for from a phone.

My first smart phone and I'm thoroughly enjoying it...very user friendly. Would definitely recommend it to my friends and family.

I Love the phone and got it at a real great price. Everything that I expected it to be and more.thank you

Was with iphone for a few years and traded it in for the galaxy s4. Best thing i ever did

You can't even bump the phone without the glass cracking.  Glass cracked, and then the phone wouldn't even power on.  I'm serious when I said a small bump, it was ridiculous.  Can't return it, cell phone company said that my insurance never went through because they don't insure this type of phone.  Really sucks, Samsung said we voided warranty with the cracked screen.  Otterbox it up tight, even then I would be very careful.

My daughter loves it. It is very easy to use.  And she also loves that it is purple.  This is our families 3rd Samsung and we love them all.

When I first got the S4 I liked it but after using it about a week I discovered it does not hold a charge and now after having it for a month the battery is dead, it will not charge or even come on.  Would not recommend this phone.

Although there was a delay in receiving my first order, Amazon did work extremely hard to get it to me. Once I received it,  I fell in love with my phone. The color is awesome. It doesn't scratch as easily, a plus.

Love the feel and color of this phone, but how come I can no longer touch a photo and copy it to my gallery or paste it to a message without a link?  Also google and the internet constantly goes down and freezes the phone up.  And all the pop ups to get me to upgrade apps are annoying...is this some kind of collaberation between google/sprint/samsung?

With my quick experience with this device I had calling issues. I have had the Galaxy S2(which had its problems, but was great when it worked) Also had/have a Note 2. This phone is just as good or better then those phones. HOWEVER the S4 will not receive a call when on LTE(Though you can send calls on LTE) I went through 3 S4s and all had the same problem. If you turn off LTE Network in settings then the phone works fine. It has something to do with Sprints &#34;Sprint Spark&#34; (I've heard this is a common issue with any Sprint phone with Spark features). Just wanted to ALERT anyone interested in this phone. The phone itself is a great phone, great camera, and if you can do without 4G LTE, then you'll be good. However you shouldn't have to settle for LESS.

Compared to my previous phone, this phone is a rockstar! I was worried that it would be too big but it's really not and can still fit comfortably in my pocket. And, it's so light! Still learning how to use it but so far I just love it!

their is a little red dot in the middle of the screen witch sometime drives me crazy and lots of spam ware and the battery looses its charge fast other then that its ok

Wow! who wouldn't love the Galaxy S4!  Can't understand why people still buy the iPhone... Beautiful slick screen and Purple is my favorite color.  Love Love Love it!

I couldn't believe it when I saw this phone on Amazon for .01. I was skeptical at first. I chatted online and then I was connected with the Amazon wireless dept. and the gentleman was very nice and new what he was talking about. I was asking him question to make sure what I was getting ready to purchase wasn't a scam because I have always gone by if it is too good to be true it usually is. I received my phone on the 2nd day after ordering. I turned it on to activate it to the point I could on my end and then I contacted Amazon wireless who contacted Sprint and in 10 min. I was activated and ready to go! I would definitely recommend this.

t he galaxy 4is easy to use I like you very much I bought 2 my daughter bought one my brother bought lunch and we all liked it

It worked really well till they updated the software then not so good. there supposed to fix the update sometime in Dec. we will see.

I am very happy with my phone. I have been waiting for this phone to go on sale for awhile. The screen is big just like I hoped for. I am still playing around with it getting to know it better.

I like it, but the battery life is horrible especially when compared to my husband's LG G2. I should have listened and got that phone.

I thought I was purchasing this as a new phone, however I took it in to the store for minor repairs and was told it was refurbished. I would have bought one less from one else if I wanted a refurbished phone.

I recently purchased this this for myself.  I previously had the S2 and enjoyed it, so I wanted the S4.  It is great.

LOVE IT THIS PHONE HAS EVERYTHING I NEEDED ON IT MY GIRLS BE ON IT MORE THEN ME TAKING PICS ON IT I RECOMMEND EVERYBODY TO BUY THIS PHONE

I was initially hesitant about upgrading to a smart phone.  The S4 is so user friendly! Plus, I Love it's efficiency.  I'm still learning its capabilities but I am enjoying my lessons.

I ordered the purple because it was something different from the regular black or white phones. The purple looks very sleek. I love the Samsung Galaxy S4 phone. It is very easy to use and has many features that you can turn on or off.

Decided to finally upgrade and got this phone at a reasonable price.  Has all the bells and whistles that I haven't even used yet.  Very happy with this and the fast shipping.

I had heard excellent remarks about this cell phone and I must admit, I love it.  The best cell phone I have ever owned and has outstanding up scale features technolgy-wise.

Packing was great...and it rained that day!! Love my New phone...had my eye on it for a long time;) Haven't really played with the other features like the S Beam Air View etc but I still love it even if I dont

The phone does just about everything. I'm still learning about different things it does.There are some things I would probably never use on this phone.

works perfectly at all timeslike the cost compared to all outletswould recommend it to all my close friends

Arrived fast and is a great phone!

I am in luv with this phone. Best choice ever.... Wish I would have switched sooner rather than later. Luv it.

The phone is wonderful and the ordering process was easy and convenient. I highly recommend to anyone looking to upgrade or start new service.

I just upgraded to this phone from the Galaxy S2.  The S4 is a huge step up, while maintaining its user friendly quality.  I got it in the purple and I love it!  The color is absolutely beautiful.  I'm no tech whiz, so I can't give you the ins and outs of all the phone features.  What I can tell you is that the it's really easy to use and looks great.  I love how simple it is to increase or decrease the size of the font with just a press of the volume button.  The video quality is much improved over the S2, and the camera takes awesome pics.  I would recommend this cell to anyone who is looking for a phone that is classy, sexy, functional, and user friendly.  The purple color gives the phone a nice feminine look.  On the website the purple looks a bit opaque.  However, in person the color is more metallic.

Nice.  I realize the Galaxy S5 is now available but the price and quick shipment as well as its performance, so far has been excellent.

If you're looking to find and alternative to the iPhone - this is it! It can have multiple apps running, kindle for android, google books, music - log into college sites and blackboard, email, etc. My gripe is that I could not view flash on this.You will run out of things to imagine to do with this phone, you'll keep learning more and find it indespensible. I love it!

Nice color and works great. Best deal too! Early upgrade, so this deal made the difference! Got 2 more just because how great these phones are!

Purchased the black version of this phone and honestly I love this phone. I just regret redoing this with sprint. I should've went with T-Mobile. T-Mobile has a better deal, better service and treats their customers better. Sprint is trying to screw me over again. And people from the BBB have told me they receive complaints nation wide. I've currently filed a complaint against them. And their Executive Solutions Analyst, Tobias Tavera. He tried to lie to me and then lie to the BBB. And tried to further screw me over and didn't give a damn about the issues from them. They're trying to screw me out of the price that I've been paying because I served my country in active duty and went reserves. He and his fellow sprint people are screwing over other active members, reservists and veterans.UpDate:BBB tried and things got eescalated to the point where I had convos with a corporate supervisor and other corporate. They didn't pay attention to the problem and didn't care after the complaint ran out of turns.I will be filing another complaint.

i think i just got a phone with back luck. it kept restarting on my by itself.it was a bittersweet transaction though. amazon really took care of me but i still could not get the purple phone which is what I really wanted. I was able to cancel my upgrade and re-do it and got the phone for a penny but i had to get a different color phone.

The sound should be louder without headphones.  The headphones that came with it work horrible. Could have done much bettet

Upgraded from a Samsung Galaxy S2Positive upgrade in every sense.Incredible screen clarityLTE speeds are incredible (when I have coverage)3G speeds are faster for some reason over the S2

Love...and not just because it's purple! I discover something new this phone does almost daily. Upgrading from a Samsung Epic has been quite the adjustment, but so worth it! I use an iPhone 5s for work...and this phone makes Apple products look like toys! Try it, you'll love it!

This is my first smartphone, and I'm very happy with it.  It took some time to get used to, but I've taught myself through trial and error.  Great camera!!!!

Got this for my mom... she loves the color and you can't go wrong with an S4!  Samsung on Sprint rocks!

It is just a relief to have a phone that is lightening fast - and who can beat the price??  Sprint was trying to charge me $200, so I'm thrilled that I did my homework.

This was the my first smart one I have ever had and a would have to say my experince with this phone has been very satisfying I would highly recommen if one is looking to get a smart phone for the first time get this one.

i thought this was a joke a brand new purple s4 for $0.01.. I went along with it and started filling out all of my information. ok im amused up until it asked for my credit card info. so i say to myself what the heck a penny??? well let me tell you it went thru, they gave me the phone for a penny with free shipping. and the phone arrived 1 day earlier then they said.... Wow I'm still baffled. the phone is unbelivable,beautiful and packed with more features then listed. i have always been a apple guy but im never going back.. android rocks  AMAZON THANK YOU AGAIN!!!!!!

Got this phone to replace my iPhone 4s. At first I was hesitant about returning to the android market but this phone did not let me down. It offered me everything my iphone did. The only negative thing I can say is that it never went into 4gLTE mode in areas where my friends iPhone 5 would so that's why I only gave it 4 stars. It still operated amazingly fast in 4g tho. I ended up sending it back because the Galaxy Note 3 had a bigger screen and more internal memory. But I still would recommend this phone to anyone.

Although I am still used to my s2 I love this one. Obviously it is way more updated. The battery last a long time too. I am still learning new things about it.

I love the S4. I switched from the iphone and I'll never go back. I don't even think I'll upgrade to the S5 anytime soon because I've been so happy with the S4 and it does everything I need or want it to do.

It's way more advanced than my older phone the pictures are much better .I'm still finding new apps to have fun

Great phone, great color! Came brand new in the box never opened. I paid about $135 for it and Sprint wanted about $240.

By far the best phone on the market. This one was for my wife and I have a white one. This touch to share features are awesome and much much more.

Thank you my son love the phone he is enjoying his self. So that is all that i have to say.

I LOVE my new Samsung Galaxy S4! I got it for .01! That's right, no typo. It was .01! Besides me absolutely LOVING the phone. I couldnt beat that price ANYWHERE!!!!!

I really loved my iPhone - that is until they did that iOS7 update!!! Once they did that update my phone was crap! Freeze up all the time, cut off calls, lost information in my phone, well you get the point! So, I had never owned an Android before and was very nervous about getting one. I talked to a lot of people that had experienced iPhone and Android and made the decision to take the dive! Well, I am so glad I did!!!! I LOVE ANDROID, and more important I LOVE THE SG S4!!!!!!!! I will NEVER own another iPhone! This phone is so user friendly and does such amazing things! The only thing it doesn&#8217;t do is drive my truck and raise my kids HAHA! If you have been skeptical about changing over DON'T, it is more than worth it! IPhone is in the PAST!

Awesome phone with killer technology! Love every aspect of it! Battery life is definitely better than my last Samsung, which Samsung's are pretty much all I ever owned!

I purchased my Galaxy S4 when they first came out and liked it so well that this was the 3rd one I've purchased.  These phones are great.  This phone was for my wife and she loves it.

I love this phone. Great price phone looked even better when I received it. It's sleek design and easy layout. Makes it a great phone to have.

I love this phone. It does a fantastic job of being a smart phone AND a dumb phone (ie call quality is still excellent). Battery life is outstanding - definitely best I've ever had. It's super fast, and I rarely even reset the thing. I've had it for a few months now and I'm still thrilled with it. The one big downside. Every great idea samsung ever had? Yeah, they preloaded it on the phone AND you can't get it off. well, not without probably voiding any kind of warranty, and certainly your average user will not be able to remove the raft of probably 20 samsung apps that come with the phone. outside that annoyance at scrolling through 2 pages of apps i don't want to find the one I'm looking for, it's a fantastic device.

Bought this phone for my daughter ..it's a very good quality phone :)..her only complaint is there are to many options and to many built in applications ...and NO SPRINT ZONE...it had it the first couple days then disappeared and some MOBILE ZONE DUDE appeared but he just appears to be a threat and doesn't work... :/~

This phone can seriously do anything! Just when I think I know what I'm doing I discover another feature. It takes great pictures/videos and can even perform two functions at once. I couldn't be happier!

Absolutely love it. The color especially.

My first smart phone was the galaxys epic 4. This Galaxy S4 is fantastic with what it can do, I am still learning all its functions and am enjoying the experience

Got this for my mother, she loves it, much easier to see than her old phone. She also got the 4.3 Jellybean update, and just like my Note 3, they plan on doing 4.4 to the phones, so not worried about being left behind on the OS like I was with HTC. She loves the air view and the gestures, makes it simple and easy for her, and the speech to text is spot on!

I purchased this for my wife and it has too much bloatware.  She says that she misses her iPhone but likes the large screen.  Cell reception is not that great.  The camera does take nice pictures however, 13 megapixel.

Love the new features.  Got it for a great price...much lower than my cellular phone provider. It was very easy to setup as well.

I love my Galaxy S4.  It is everything and then some. I had a basic phone that served only the purpose needed at the time.  My Galaxy has opened a new world to me.  It is my new toy and I love it!!!

This phone is by far better than the S2.  The GPS picks up quickly and IR blaster is a great feature.  I use the IR more than I thought possible.  It makes it a lot easier to control televisions at the gym without others suspecting.

Light weight and a large screen are great! Only down side is that the plastic cover may get scratched more easily.

All the way awesome phone. Packaging was great price amazing. Excellent shipping time.love the color. Comes with a really nice battery that holds a good charge. I love this phone over 5 stars from me

I chose this phone because i had the Galaxy note 2 and it was stolen.  I decided that I didn't want such a big phone again so I checked out the S4 and fell in love ESPECIALLY when I saw the Price.  It is just as good as the note if not better.

So far so good. I love my new phone and get excited with each new thing I realize I can do with it.

Ok, I upgraded to this phone after having the Galaxy S3.  There aren't a whole lot of differences between.  Mainly, the S4 is a bit slimmer in size but the overall phone is a bit larger.  The camera is better and there are other features available on the S4 that were not available on the earlier generation.  I have found my battery life to be better on the S4 compared to the S3.  Some issues I have had (i.e. dropped calls, wi-fi connectivity) are more provider specific so I don't want to attribute that to this review.The only potential drawback with the Galaxy line is the rapid release of newer models or certain provider specific colors (i.e. purple was exclusive to Sprint).  It is hard to keep up with Samsung's technology and as soon as you learn the features of your phone, a new generation is released.Overall, I am happy with the phone and would certainly recommend it to others.  The capabilities far outweigh those on the iphone, in my opinion (granted, this debatable and subject to personal preferences), but I have not regretted my purchase yet.

This phone is so pretty and perfect!  I couldn't wait for it to arrive.  Still playing around with all the settings to make it perfect for me.  The everything is so clear on it and it is so fast.

I upgraded from a Galaxy S2 which decided to no longer turn on last week.  Sprint couldn't fix it either.  The replacement S2 Sprint gave me wasn't much better so even though I hadn't wanted to use my upgrade yet I did.  I'm extremely happy I checked with Amazon before upgrading at the Sprint store.  This phone would have been $200 there and when I first checked here it was $130 but I actually got it for $49.99 during the Black Friday Deals week.  The battery life is really good so far even listening to music half my day at work.  I've only had it for a few days but so far I'm loving everything about it!  The activation was very simple through my Sprint account online too.  I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this phone to anyone!

I like this phone and so far I have had no problems with it. I would recommend it to another buyer.

Fast, versatile, brilliant. This phone has a lightening fast processor and can keep up with any computer. It is the perfect size with a large, brilliant screen that is big enough to make movies, and pictures easy to see and enjoy while still being small to handle with ease. It is a true workhorse with the ability to keep up with even the busiest workday. And Samsung finally put a decent battery in the phone. It will take me through my whole day and usually I still have power to spare. No more having to plug in and recharge several times just to make it through the day. Loaded with options, it provides something for everyone from games to productivity apps and running then is a pleasure with the speed and brilliance this phone provides.

This phone was what I really wanted. Purple is my favorite color and the price was 0.01 I felt like I hit the lotto. I ordered it Thursday morning and by Friday afternoon it was at my house. This was my first time ordering through amazon and I am now a fan.

Love it! i had the S3 before this one and I loved it, this arrived on Friday, Shippin was super quick ad the phone is great! love it!

It was difficult to get everything setup to my liking. Things didn't transfer from my iCloud to phone. I do love the color. Battery does drain ver quickly. Think I will be going back to iPhone.

I love the phone but hate the fact that the display card isn't working after only six weeks.  I went to return the phone online for a new one but missed the return date by 2 days.  So I am going through my carrier and getting a replaced.  What a hassle.  Hope the new phone works.

This is my first &#34;smart phone&#34; so I do not have anything to compare it to. It's smaller than my son's Note. Has lots of apps to choose from. This is the first phone I've had that I can clearly hear the person on the other end. Texting is a breeze where with other phones I had problems. Camera takes nice pictures. I love the purple color. Lots of things to do with this phone - The User's Manual has 147 pages.

This phone is amazing does everything it promises and so much more. Arrived in just 2 days. Works great with my gopro camera and tv remote great feature. The camera is amazing screen is large very vibrant

Absolutely love this phone! Calls are clear and no lag on anything I do with it! Love love love it!

Great phone wayyyy better then my s2 epic 4 g touch and the CPU is great with root I can do some cool things

the phone exceeded all of my expectations when it arrives here very quickly and it works very well thank you very much

Decent phone. Not so user friendly. Complex. Light. Awesome visual. Big as hell. Sprint sucks. Every thing you thought you knew about smartphones throw out the window

I love this phone so much! I upgraded from an S2 and it's a world of difference. Way better video quality which was a huge issue with the S2. Awesome camera, fast processor. Good battery life so far. I couldn't be happier!

I chose this rating because there is something wrong with this phone. It drops my data connection every time I am away from my home unless I am near a wifi connection like in a restaurant or at someones house that has a free wifi.

Does not disappoint! Have had all the Samsung Galaxy phones and they have all been the best, Samsung and Android are far better options than a piece of fruit with a worm in it (apple) !!

We ordered three of them for a penny a piece, what a deal!! Got two purples for mommy and daughter, and dad got black one, had hoped to get gray one but it was out. LOVE THEM! Especially for the price! We found this price through google search to Amazon...if we did it directly thru Amazon, it gives a higher deal, which we could not figure out why this is it...but we did get it for a penny a piece!

This phone is performing as expected. It is the color that was featured on the website. Set up and activation was a breeze.

Love my phone!!!!!!!!! I had the iphone; however, I am a Samsung person.  I wear glasses and am a senior citizen; I need the bigger buttons.

The price was great.....pretty much free however when I took the phone to the store to get it activated I was told that the card inside the phone was activated already.  Fortunately the store was kind enough to change the card for me. Thanks sprint!

This is a great phone. It was a bit more than I planned to spend and is a bit larger than my last phone, but still a very cool phone.

I bought this in June of 2014, my wife is Happy, and it keeps up with the newer smartphones. Also Amazon made it easy to order. Sprint actually recommended Amazon to me .

Have always used HTC products. This phone has not left my fingertips since I purchased it! Could not be happier switching to Samsung!!!

My wife loves this phone it is absolutely worth it, she upgraded from a galaxy s2 and i have a note 2 and i think this is an awesome pocket rocket. You would have to play with the phone to understand all the features and specs words are useless but i especially like the color purple i havent seen it so to me and my wife it is a rare gem.

The phone works perfectly, all features that the other Galaxys s4 work just fine.  Now, the purple color is more a plum color than the blue in the pictures.

my galaxy 3 was broke and i tried another android phone but quickly realized once a galaxy user always a galaxy user i could not live without it

Phone works as advertised but only allows 2 windows open at the same time. Call quality good and 4G is strong.

This phone has everything I need. The screen is beautiful and fast, no lag. Sprint now has 4G LTE in my area which really makes a difference.

I really like this phone. The screen is big and can fit a lot. Even with the Otterbox case, which you should get, the phone is not too big. It's better to be bigger since the distance between your ear and your mouth is longer than most phones.The cameras are very nice as well.The new features that are advertised, such as waving your hand to turn the phone on, don't seem to work. And the eye scroll feature is actually quite annoying. As I'm reading something, the phone will start scrolling when I don't want it too. Eventually I had to turn the feature off. But these are merely extras that are not needed, so no points lost there.The reason why I'm not giving this phone five stars is twofold. First, it is not nearly intuitive as I would like it to be. I've had it for seven months and I only just figured out how to do some things. And yes, I did read the instruction manual. A lot of actions are controlled by touching and holding your finger over something.The second reason is really because of Sprint and not Samsung. I switched from AT&T; to Sprint thinking Sprint would be better. Wrongo. I frequently have low bars and I often am &#34;breaking up&#34; on the other end. As soon as my contract with Sprint ends I'm switching to a different carrier.Also, something else about Sprint. They tried to get me to sign up to an unlimited plan. I wanted the 1 GB plan because I figured I would not use more data than that. The sales reps said the plan didn't exist. I had to log on to the website to show them that it did. And boy was I right. I have never used more than 150 MBs in a month, not even close to my 1 GB limit. So unless you plan to download music and videos nonstop, go with the 1 GB plan to save a little bit.Overall, great phone. I would definitely recommend it to anyone. Samsung knows what they're doing and it shows.

I love my S4!  It is exactly what I was looking for in a phone.  It has all the features I wanted and then some, works great, easy to use.

I'm so happy we upgraded. I am loving this new phone. The battery last all day even when I check my email, facebook and text on it randomly. Love the size as well. I wasn't sure I'd like it since it is so much bigger than my last phone but it's great.

It's a really good phone,  and I was able to transfer my music to my new phone,  and I love the color purple.

Bought this for my wife and she loves it. Much better than her HTC Evo 3D. Screen is very easy to look at and clear. Device has a larger screen and faster hardware yet it is just slightly larger than the Evo, but weighs less and still fits nicely in her hands as well as her purse and wallet pockets.

Best phone I ever had! Very easy for this busy hard working mom to use! I'm sure I haven't discovered everything it does

I'm afraid that this shipment was not made for at least 5 days after my card was charged and then it ended up in another state and kept getting farther and farther away from me each day that passed.

Prefect big screen size without being obnoxiously big, retina scanning for watching videos and hands free scrolling while reading, hands free scrolling' amazing camera, and lets not talk about the processor....

I got this for my other half and she loves it. First off the purple has a metallic look to it and even with me being a guy I can admit that this phone looks really good. I have the same phone but black and nether one of use are at all disappointed. Nether of us have anything bad to say about the phones. Even the battery life is really good.
