
Software is evolving.. and the potential is huge. It's google, so I feel like you can actually participate to the dev of the smartphone (software).Hardware is ok, good shape, a little big for my small hands, sound and calls ok, touchscreen very good, usb tethering works more or less (microsoft win 7) but hotspot works perfect.In a nutshell, I love it, but it has fallen down 3 times and the 3rd time the screen broke.Good thing to know : If you customize it online they replace the screen once for free.Battery time is still a problem for every smartphone. If you use google nav as a gps, get the gear to plug it.I definitely recommend it.

Over the years, I've gone through a lot of phones: some of this has to do with switching jobs and companies have particular preferences, and some has been personal choice/personal use phones. In the past few years, I have owned and/or been assigned (and thus used quite a bit):1. blackberry2. iPhone 43. iPhone 34. samsung note II5. Razr6. HTC thunderboltCompared against those, I would say that the Moto X is either my favorite... or second favorite.First, I'll get the apple vs. android question out of the way. Though I loved both of my iPhones, since switching to the android systems... I've never looked back or had any regrets. Though the iPhone looks like it should be sleek and flawless, there were, ultimately, a lot of problems and limitations (at least for me). I hated when the maps system automatically switched over, and had problems syncing with the gazillion and one email accounts I was, by then, keeping...The Moto X is... either the best, or tied for the best, of the smartphones I've owned and used:Pros:1. Just so multifunctional -- it's a nice camera, it's great for Swype and sending email, it's nice for gaming, it's decent-sized for reading. OS helps me easily sort and check and/or combine email accounts, keep my calendar in sync, has all the apps I want/need. Oh yeah... works well as a phone too.2. Fast -- I never really have problems in terms of calling/loading/searching and/or response time of my phone3. Nice, Easily Accessible Camera -- flick my wrist twice and my camera comes on? Great. Particularly as I take lots of motion pictures and videos of my kids running away from me4. Lots of Cool Extras -- being able to say Okay, Google Now, for half of my commands, the cute little Windy Day app... just lots of little extra things that I don't need, but that I've really folded into my daily routines now that I have them.Cons:1. Battery life isn't great. I tend to have a lot of apps running all at once, and I can't quite get through two days without charging... which is fine, just not as great as I was expecting after other things I'd heard...2. The back, though pretty, looked like it was something that would get and carry messes easily... I've had to protect mine with one of those Otter super-suits that's more or less a permanent-cover (at least for me...)Overall, this is a great phone. It does a little bit of everything, and as far as my needs go, it does them well. I'm not a programmer, and not really a techie -- I need a phone that helps me integrate my work and personal lives, and is fast, responsive, good about both email and entertainment... and this fits the bill!

I did not buy the Moto X from Amazon, but my house has three of them now.I bought mine directly from Motorola so I could customize it. (awesome feature!) I have had it for a few months now, and I'm still in love. Both my kids also have Moto X phones (from Republic Wireless) and they work awesome. Especially considering the plan only cost $10 per month.I had a Motorola Droid Razr, and I was so annoyed with the delayed updates, and the overall experience. I then got a Nexus 4, and I swore I'd never buy a non Nexus phone again. The Moto X made me change my mind.Motorola has done a complete 180 since Google started influencing their phones. The hardware is solid. The radios are beefy (they get a stronger signal than the average phone) fast updates (My Moto X got 4.4.2 OTA before my Nexus 4 did), almost stock android experience, and the very few things they do add, only make it better. The screen is one of the best I have ever used. (the blacks are so black, and the colors are not over saturated)The battery lasts me all day. The on-screen notifications is my favorite feature. It makes a little blinky light seem so archaic. The voice features are wonderful when driving. I don't even have to touch my phone to make a call or type and send a message. The twist your wrist to turn the camera on is neat. I used it a few times, but I almost always forget about it. Oh yeah- it's also made in the same country I live in! That's almost unheard of any more.. I am truly impressed.Overall, it is a stellar phone. $399 is not exactly cheap, but compared to the off contract prices all the other companies try to get you to pay, it's a great deal.I realize that I probably sound like a Motorola employee, but I'm really just a regular techie who is seriously impressed with a company and their products.

I returned the phone because it was locked on AT&T network and I was not able to change it to Consumer Cellular.  Otherwise it was a great phone.

Upgraded from a Nokia C3 to this smartphone. Lots to learn! Love the size of the screen and its clarity!

I have used this phone for about a month.  So far so good.  It fits great in my hands easy to use.  I switched from an iPhone to the Moto X it was not a big adjustment.  It has good speed and the apps I was use to on the iPhone.  I don't feel like I downgraded.

I purchased this phone for my wife almost two months ago and she absolutly loves it! Her favorite part of the phone is the camera. We have two little ones under two so trying to get every moment captured often ends up as a blurry mess usually. But not with the Moto X!!

Pros-- Form factor comfortable in hand. Quite thin. Good screen area.-- Astonishingly high quality speaker with excellent voice reproduction at high volume. Works well as a speaker phone in a small conference room. I have no trouble listening to podcasts in car via phone speaker.-- Software generally works (better than my previous smart phone from Motorola).-- Google maps well integrated with product.Cons-- Difficult or impossible to read screen in bright conditions.-- I do not find Google Now to be useful voice command system to be of practical use. It is amazingly good at transcribing voice to text and it can do terrific tricks. However, I don't find it helpful in everyday tasks.-- Shake to activate camera doesn't work reliably.-- Limited battery life, if I use the phone frequently during the day. Will need interim charge.-- Automatic flipping of screen from portrait to landscape is annoying. Smart phone manufacturers need to provide a better way to control. I use an app to stop flipping back and forth, but then I need to manually re-set when I want to transition to landscape.

A perfect phone

This is hands down the best cell phone I have ever seen. Awesome features, such as touchless control, twisty twisty camera, etc. It's just unbelievably awesome. I bought one for myself and after a week my wife got rid of her iPhone and got a Moto X.The quality of the screen is so high you think you can actually pick out the icons! They look like physical objects because of the high dpi of the screen.It's neither too large nor too small, perfect size! When I hand it to someone for taking a photo or something, everyone says they love my cell phone!

It's an excellent phone, Motorola had some very good applications and functions with this cell, Recomended....! Many functions, thin, comfortable, versatile, elegant color, presentation, and beauty design..!

I was afraid it would be a Chinese copy but it actually came in the original box, brand new, perfect conditions and even Before the estimated day!The only thing is the battery is lately draining faster than the first days. Could be cause of the amount of apps.Anyway, good product!

I was very dissapointed because the phone was advertised as UNLOCKED but was actually a LOCKED  AT&T phone !  I  had to change my cell phone carrier to AT&T to get it unlocked ! The phone is working OK now although the Motorola design is more difficult to use than other phones I have used !

I have no idea what Motorola's software engineers were thinking when they rolled out the &#34;spotlight stories&#34; app. This little red sombrero, when accidentally brushed, triggers a music-playing multimedia interactive &#34;experience&#34;.  Ok, fine.  HOWEVER, it did this, playing loud music, even though the phone's volume was set to silent.  YUP.  You set your phone to silent, and it it will play music if you brush your hand against the icon for an app that you didn't even know was there.  Once the app started, there was no obvious way to make it go away and it cannot be deleted.  Individual little snippets of video can be deleted, but, no fear, lovely push technology will place another video/multimedia snippet ling in wait to be triggered by an inadvertent hand gesture.  How, one wonders, does this loud music that cannot be shut off, or prevented by turning the volume down, go over in a business meeting?  Church? Allow me to assure you: this phone is guaranteed to create moments of profound embarrassment and telegraph your technological incompetence, just so that Motorola Mobile's software crew can shove an app at you to demonstrate their genius in interactive multimedia.That's not the only bad software.  Wan to use Google apps on this Google-branded Motorola phone?  The authentication process for the Google apps wanted me to to enter Captcha text to activate- except the captcha text never appeared, because WiFi hadn't been set up yet.  I wasted an hour troubleshooting this - with a live network connection no less- when I decided to find a wireless network and connect to it and see if that fixed the problem. Yes it did.... but shouldn't the phone have figured out that there was no wireless connection, instead of sending me down a app cul-de-sac, where it demanded I enter captcha text-- that it never showed?I really really regret choosing this phone. And it was free. And I still regret it.

A little glitchey

This phone is brilliant, not sure why they haven't launched it in Europe - I think it would do incredibly well!

I'm using this phone on Republic Wireless, and very happy with it so far. Here are pros and cons:PROS:- nice size - easy to hold- clear screen with vibrant colors- WiFi calling works great (one of the features I was looking for)- Lots of space to customize the front screen.- Great camera! I have been very happy with the pictures I have taken with this phone!CONS:- the plastic is very hard, and I often feel like I'm going to drop the phone. I would have preferred a more rubbery finish (such as the one found on the Nokia Windows phones). I can, of course buy a case for my phone, but I would like for it to be a little easier to hold without having to resort to adding on a case. My husband's black Moto X does not have a slippery case - why couldn't they give the white one the same finish?- the &#34;Find my phone&#34; feature doesn't work very well for me. Maybe it's the way I say the words, or my phone; my husband also has a Moto X and it works fine for him. The other &#34;OK Google Now&#34; features work fine for me.

This my second Android phone after Nexus 4 and I'm loving it!The weight and materials is excellent and the system is good with Motorola adds-on.I think is better than Nexus phone, actually I was planning to purchase N5, but after I reading some reviews about this X I decide to take one, and is worth every $!FYI this model is no.XT1053 and have a Kitkat right now via OTA, like T-Mobile version.

When my previous phone began to give off hints that the end was near, I held on, not wanting to delve into a new phone purchase.  Six months passed and I decided after countless times of the GPS randomly stopping working and the phone freezing, it was time to say goodbye to the Samsung Galaxy S (1).  It had a good run for a smartphone; mine lasted about three and a half years with the original battery and without a factory reset.  I had unlocked the phone and brought it with me in my travels both in and outside of the US; the phone had served it's purpose and life.This put me in the market for a new phone.Now, I am not the fanciest of people, nor am I the most tech savvy.  I do however, like my phone to do more than the Jitterbug phones for senior citizens.  I primarily use my phone to:(a) Make phone calls(b) Send text messages(c) Use as a GPS(d)  Play Snake.Occasionally, I will use my phone to:(a) Take pictures(b) Play musicHowever, I still wanted to phone to work as well-- better actually-- than the Samsung Galaxy S (1) that pooped out on me.  I also wanted an unlocked phone since I travel and changing SIM cards is a lot easier and cheaper thank international roaming charges.  Also when the arithmetic is done, I could save A LOT of money by purchasing the phone up front with the plan I have rather than subsidizing the cost of the phone with an expensive plan over two years.I considered many phones: Moto G, Moto X, HTC One and Samsung Galaxy S4 were the ones to make the final list.  Most reviews I read either loved or hated each phone, giving the majority of the review to the specs.  After reading these, I realized that my three and half year old phone was more than fast enough for me.  I eliminated the Moto G since it only has 3G capacity and in case 5G or 6G comes along in the next three years, I wanted a phone that was up to date, to date.  The price for the Samsung Galaxy S4 and HTC One was a big deterrent, plus when I researched the phones I found that the Google play edition didn't have the exact same software as the phones contracted by the network carriers.I decided to go with the Moto X.  As a bonus, I found I could customize the phone online at Moto maker and have it unlocked.  Further, another bonus was the fact there was a sale.  My phone ended up being a hair over 350.00, brand new.I've had the phone for about two weeks now and there is a lot packed into this phone, much of which I am sure I will never use.  As I have not used them, I cannot fairly remark on them.For calls, the phone works well.  The text messages work well, too, with fun little emoticons with everything from smile faces to cake to the moon.  The GPS, once I figured out how to use it (and the differences between high, medium and low (and honestly, low is fine)) worked like a charm.  Of these three functions, the GPS was the hardest thing to figure out.The greatly hyped camera shake works about 2/3 of the time.  This really is more of a novelty rather than a necessity.  I put the camera icon on the first screen; this accomplishes the exact same thing as the camera shake.I've had a couple frustrations though:The first one for me is that there is no way to save a contact to the phone.  In order to save a contact, you must sign into google.  I don't really care for this; yes, that means I can update any new phone quickly, but a lot of the people I call I only use for a short time and from a different (work/personal/junk) email address.  I resolved this by creating a new google account just for the contacts.  Add this to my regular account, a work account, a junk account, an account for YouTube and soon I have too many accounts just floating around.  I suppose I could try to consolidate everything, but some of these accounts are years old while others were created for an (initially) temporary purpose.The other thing I dislike is the new music player.  I usually rip CDs into MP3s on my computer and then put them on the phone to play.  What used to be three clicks to get things to play (music and then CD of choice, then play) has now turned into click play music, sort through advertisement getting me to sign into google play and then sorting through the CD list since now there are pictures and four to six pictures fit on a screen as opposed to nine without the pictures.  I know this is minor (and there may be a way to overcome this) but I haven't found it yet.The other weird thing is that when I am charging the phone, sometime when I am typing the keys jump all over the place.  This NEVER happens when the phone is not plugged in.  To be fair, it is a generic charger I use at work not the one that came with the phone, so I can't tell whether it's a phone issue or whether it's because of the generic charger.The phone is about the size of an IPhone 5, but has a bigger screen.  There is a curved back; although the professional reviews love this feature, this is nothing really that special to me.  In fact, I usually text when the phone is sitting flat on the table, so I don't derive any benefit from this, since the phone joggles back and forth when I hunt and peck my way through typing.  I am sure most people would text from their hand, which is probably better, but personally, I would have preferred a flat backed phone.As far as holding charge goes, well, I can't complain here.  This mobile phone uses power sparingly so I don't think I've ever *needed* to charge it-- I just usually do.The swipe feature works wonderfully well-- a marked improvement from my previous phone.  I thoroughly enjoy using this feature.And yes, there are a lot of features on this phone that will probably never ever use.  Google now, which seems to be voice activated program, is one that has been talked about a lot, but I've not used it.All in all, I would recommend this phone to someone.  It's has a lot of potential or someone who uses it much more intensely, but even for the casual user (like me) it's a fine phone that should last for years to come.

I purchased the Moto X for my wife. She seems to like the phone and how it functions. Two bad points do exist. I don't believe you can replace the battery so it is a throw away like most everything. Also you cannot add a SIM card for additional memory. This is to force the owner into using Google storage services for those who have extensive music librarys or memory stores. I love my Galaxy S4.

The fake carbon fiber backing is starting to separate. The battery hasn't even made a year before it will no longer hold a charge for 8 hours. Nice design and uncluttered interface, decent price.-1 Stars due to the venerable American brand, Motorola now being owned by the Chinese. Thank you Google and the US Government.

The Moto X seems to do all the things I need a smartphone to do and it does them well.  I use mine with Republic Wireless which costs me about $10.00 a month as of the date of this review.  It's not the fastest phone and doesn't have the biggest screen, but it's fast enough and the screen is big enough and I'm fairly picky about my gadgets.  I've never found myself waiting on the phone's software to do something I asked and I can read text on the screen and watch videos that look great.  It doesn't have the most memory but it has more than enough for my daily business and nightly personal and entertainment use.  The battery lasts long enough for regular phone, email, text with a moderate amount of entertainment use each day and lasts longer than any other phone I've owned.  I charge it overnight on the nightstand.  However, if you plan to stream videos or music four hours a day in addition to several hours of telephone calls and other use, you might be disappointed in the battery life.  Reading some of these other reviews,  I think teenagers and college students (the ultimate power users) will never have enough battery power.  Keep in mind I use this for phone calls, email and texting mostly and the entertainment apps are an added benefit for when I don't have a tablet available.When the phone arrived, it was much thinner and lighter than I had expected.  The form factor is rests easily in my hand and doesn't make a large bulge in my front pants pocket.  The weight isn't enough to pull down on my pants or get in the way.  It weighs much less than the iphone or a Nokia 920.  The case material isn't too "grabby" or too slippery.  Easy to get in and out of my pocket.  The buttons are in the right place. I've used it for three months now & dropped it several times and it has no scratches on the screen or the back of the phone.  The black phone has an elegant and professional look that is fine for the formality of a more traditional business office.  To me, the Blackberry makes a "corporate drone" statement.  The new iPhone says "I'm a teenage girl or perhaps a tech fashionista who really likes to text, tweet and play video games.  This phone (in simple black at least) says something completely different and in between those two extremes.  The more colorful customization's available allows the flexibility to broadcast whatever image you want.Most importantly, the phone is open to many software modifications and much customization.  If you like to tinker and adjust your gadgets this is the phone for you.  If you have trouble working a VCR, care mostly about texting and listening to music & watching videos on a cell phone, then the iPhone is probably the best product for you.  The Windows 8 phones aren't good for either group.  They're best for employees of Microsoft to use when they're at the office and the boss is watching.With the Android software on the Moto X I can tell the battery how best to spend it's energy during different times of the day or during particular uses.  I was able to program it to do away with the lock screen when I'm in range of my home WiFi so I'm not constantly having to enter an access code to use the phone when I'm home.  When I leave my house the lock screen turns back on to protect the phone.  The phone takes excellent pictures & video when needed.  Most anything I can do on a PC or a tablet can be done on this phone.  Not that I would want to, but sometimes you're just not around a PC and I don't like carrying a tablet everywhere with me. I've been able to program to phone to let different alerts and notices through the lock screen depending upon my geographic location,  time of day and the kind of notice.  For example, emergency weather alerts can get through any time, but regular weather reports cannot.  Email from certain individuals sounds a chime, but  I can tell it to be quiet for most other email.  When the alarm goes off in the morning it calls my name in a pleasant voice and tells me the current weather conditions.  If I don't touch the phone for ten minutes after that, it tells me in a polite voice to get out of bed and get to work."  These are just a few examples of the world of customization that's opened up using Moto X running Android.For reference, I've owned and used a Nokia 920, an iPhone 3Gs, an iPad 2, an iPad 4 and a Microsoft Surface RT.  I also went through a faze where I tried to get away from smartphones and use dumb-phones such as "John's Phone" and "Snapphone" which are both sold through Amazon.  My very first computer was an Apple Macintosh (yes I know. . .  dating myself).  I ended up bailing on Apple computes when Steve Jobs left the company, quality control went bad and there was little usable business software that was available for their machines.  I haven't bought a Motorola cellphone product since the original RAZR.  The Moto X is also my first Android product.The later model iPhone's work well but are extraordinarily expensive and limiting in terms of the software that is available.  When I first used the iPhone, the Apple "sandbox" seemed big enough but I quickly out grew the sandbox when I encountered a great deal of trouble finding programs that would help me get things done.  The same thing happened in the late 80's when I found that Apple computers lacked enough business and work related software to be an effective tool for projects (This would change once Steve Jobs came back to Apple).  For Apple, most apps are games that I will never use or enjoy.  In my mind, an iPhone has become an elaborate expensive toy for teenage girls or tech fashionistas (not that there's anything wrong with that).  When someone says "iPhone" to me now, a picture of a very young woman with glitter nail polish wildly tapping out a text message with her thumbs comes to mind.  Not that there's anything wrong with games, teenagers or fashionistas.  .  . it's just that I'm not in that particular user group.  I tried using the Nokia 920 and Surface RT with Windows Phone 8 software for seven months.  Unfortunately, the apps are so far behind both Apple and Android that the Surface RT and Nokia 920 aren't really in the same league.  I tried hard to use them. I spent a lot of money on them and I wanted them to work.  The screens on both devices are large and beautiful.  However, the list of things you can't do using Windows 8 for the Surface RT and Windows Phone 8 is much larger than the list of things you can do.  The absence of software might very well kill them off.  The ability  of the Nokia 920 and Surface RT to work better with Microsoft PC software such as Outlook, doesn't begin to make up for all the other shortcomings.Hope this review helps some of you make up your mind on which products are best for you.  For those who disagree, please know that I am not an Android fan-boy and I have no financial interest in helping or hurting any people or businesses that make or use cell phones and the software the work with.

so far I thinks this is a good device, the only thing I dont like is when the phone gets hot ( few times) and  the battery is eaten, would the engineers some time in this future finish with this kind of issues ? despite that ( and I hate when is happen) is a good phone

Love the look, feel in the hand, awesome interface and the cool features, shaking it to quickly open the camera, the no-hands google now.

The phone supports only 3 languages (in its system dialogs), as opposed to dozens and dozens for comparable Samsung models for example. Very strange propopsition in the globalised world. I am returning to Samsung.

I've used the iPhone 3 & 5, the Samsung Galaxy Note 2, the Blackberry Curve, the HTC Windows Phone 8x and the HTC 4G. But the Moto X is by far the best one I've owned! Love that I can easily start the camera by just moving my wrists a few times, that I can do some voice commands without touching it and that it recognizes my voice, that it doesn't have too much bloatware, and that the battery lasts way longer than my other phones.

This is a great phone. It is the perfect size, it fits in the hand so well. I do have a small TPU case on it, which sucks as it make the phone bigger, but I tried two different cases and kept the one that was noticeably thinner, and had a tighter better fit.The 720 screen is perfect, look at the reviews and the benchmarks. Having a 720 screen instead of 1080, lets the phone get better battery life, and makes a weaker cpu work, about as good as the highest end cpus. The screen is also beautiful amoled. It is an amazing screen with amazing colors. My GF has the Iphone 5S and while the screen is very nice and has realistic colors, it looks so dull and boring compared to my screen.Battery life is amazing, once you turn off all the &#34;junk&#34; that google wants you to use. Phones have location services, and wifi, and etc, etc, they have a lot going on. I turn off as much stuff as possible, no location service, no GPS, no wifi unless I use it. My phone goes 24 hours between charges, or more. I could get 48 hours with minimal use, but I often plug it in every night anyway. Now I am a lite user, this is with basic use, of course if you want to stream youtube videos over wifi, your battery will die quickly. But I can watch a couple of hours of youtube on wife and use only 20%.Touch-less control seems cool, but I do not use it. Active notifications are great, I love not having to push any buttons to check new texts.

I bought the Moto X for what I thought would be durable glass, since it was promoted as gorilla glass.I steered away from the iPhones because the glass shattered so easily.  I've had my Moto X about 6 months, I'm careful and it is in a sturdy case, and the glass shattered from a very small drop (about 2 feet.)  Apparently Motorola is offering a free screen replacement ONLY if you buy the phone from their website and customize it, NOT if you buy it at the cell phone stores, which I did. So be forewarned if you are going to buy this phone, do it thru Motorola's website so you can get a free 1X screen replacement for WHEN your screen will shatter. Google this, and you will see how many Moto X owners have a broken screen issue. Otherwise a nice phone with a lot of nice features, camera is pretty crappy, better carry it around in bubble wrap.

I love my new phone and it works perfectly. I was hesitant to order from online. Breaking being damaged already but this is in perfect condition.

I had Samsung Galaxy, Samsung III mini. This one is the best. Very intuitive, slick, battery last for almost 2 days, 1/2 price of IPhone and seems to be better then it.

It's fast. Great looking display, sharp images. Not 1080 HD but 720, good enough for me. On Kitkat. Active display on standby is great. It notifies you whenever you have messages, emails or anything you want to be notified of (settings). Battery does not last that long - for me about 2 days on light/moderate usage. Heavy users will probably need to charge it every nite. The 'Ok Google Now' feature is marvellous. You don't even have to touch the phone to wake it up. You just have to say: &#34;OK Google Now&#34; and give it a command. You can check messages, set an alarm, get directions, find out the weather, or do just about anything.It's a great bargain for the price of less than $400. Highly recommended.

Really grew to love this phone over time. My only regret was not getting the 32 or even 64gb model. It's fine though because I can use my USB OTG cable and 64gb flash drive for added music and videos. You learn to appreciate the added features that Motorola has included especially the Moto Assist. I am looking forward to the release of the Moto X+1 and will keep my 16gb X as a backup. Near vanilla version of Android Kit Kat makes this an ideal phone. I used to have gripes about the camera, but it still takes great outdoor shots and videos.

Phones don't need to be racecars or super computers. They just need to do what you need them to do very well, have great battery, and a screen you can actually use. Motorola broke from tradition and actually LISTENED to what people actually wanted out of a phone, and then they made it.ComfortableOutstanding BatteryGreat screenTOUCH FREE voice controlExcellent notificationsNo gimmickstap-unlock. No stupid buggy fingerprint reader. So much smarter and faster.Amazing for games because of the high powered graphics cores.This is the phone for normal people.

I work in technology and thought i know how to use it and oftne do, I am not the type of person who has to get the latest and greatest in cell phones . I am usually a &#34;meh&#34; kind of person when it comes to smartphones and prior to this purchase, due to my extreme frugalness, I never ventured into the more expensive phones. But, I outgrew my &#34;meh&#34;  phone phase and needed a big girl's phone and this phone delivers and them some.1. It feels great in your hand and its not heavy, but yet sturdy and durable.2. It has a lot of speed and power and the first day, without charging, I kept power for like 15 hours before charging. I was using itnon-stop the first day getting new apps, using the Moto Migration app, etc.. and generally playing with the phone . With all thatplaying, it never started to waiver.3. I get every app that I need and even those I want in on this phoen and I have tons of storage left.4. The mail and contacts apps and the way they dispaly are  fantastic.5. I have always used bluetooth but the OK google now is really nice when I am driving and I dont pick up the phone to call.I can even let it narrate texts for me. Its awesome.6....There's just too much good to say about this phone in one review. I highly recommend it.

I dropped it down on the floor in the street after three days I had received.then there was trouble with my motox .quick acquire did not work.now I decide to buy one once more.because It can work but its not beautiful any more.perhaps motox need a case

I started out in a love hate relationship with this phone and downrated it due to some major email problems. I'm VERY happy to say the 4.4.2 update seems to have fixed my major email problems, which were my primary issue. On top of that, I'm seeing even better battery life; like more than 24 hrs of moderate use. (3 email accounts, including Exchange push, >2000 contacts, lots of calendar events, messaging, weather, phone, etc.) That's with wi-fi on, but only connected less than half the time, precise location on, bluetooth on but only connected while in the car, and only about 2 bars of 4G most of the time.The form factor is great, screen is wonderful, it's plenty speedy. Battery life has gone from good to awesome. The touchless voice features generally work pretty well and the active notifications are nice.My frustrations are over and I now love my Moto X as much as I hoped to!

Overall the phone is good, but there are some features that I do not like about it. There is no radio application on it, I tried to download the application but it needs internet connection all the time. I recommend this phone for those who don't care about listening to the radio .....

Actually, phone is pretty well but nothing especial like other phones even &#34;Moto g&#34; is better idea with low prices and around same capacity...

I took a chance and migrated from an Iphone 4S.  I am a senior and was not too sure I wanted to re-learn  a new smart phone and OS.1. The phone feels very well in hand and in my pocket.  At the same time it is very light.2. Voice quality and general sound quality are excellent.3. The screen footprint goes from edge to edge of the plastic body which by the way is very nicely finished.4.  The controls are handy and moreover once a message (e-mail or text) is received it is very easy to read and access the information.5. Battery life is remarkable.6. One more item for those who are somewhat hard of hearing or work in noisy environments:  this phone sound (volume) controls have a very broad range such that one can adjust the volume clearly hear the notifications and ring tones.This phone is extremely well designed and very well executed.  I am very happy I took the gamble.Good job Motorola engineers!!!!

Tailwind International was the seller.After checking with Motorola agent, this phone is almost a year old (ship date). Motorola will NOT honor the warranty (It expires in a few months) unless there is a machine # on the receipt (which is not on an Amazon receipt)The phone itself is AT&T; locked (insignia in the back and slight bloatware).I kept as after long hassle with Motorola the agent said they will honor the amazon receipt (despite their policy), but who knows if the RMI department will honor it  - remain to be seen (I will keep you posted, its unlikely).BTW Neither AT&T; nor T-mobile recognized the IMEI (/ESN)P.S. its an amazing device minus the yellowish whites.

I did a ton of phone research recently since I needed to replace my Windows phone with an Android. I settled on the Sony Xperia XL, which got good reviews here on Amazon. I liked it initially, but it was heavy and kind of sluggish. Then it stopped charging altogether. Fortunately it died one day before the end of the return window, and so I returned it.Problem was, I still needed a phone. I researched some more, and came across the Moto X. I initially ordered an unlocked GSM version from Motorola (make sure to use their discount program if you have a .edu email address - it saved a lot of money). I customized it, which is an awesome feature, and it still was less than what's available here on Amazon. Then after reading more Moto X reviews here, I found out about Republic Wireless. I returned the customized phone and bought the CDMA version from Republic (again, for less than here on Amazon). I am so incredibly glad I made the switch to the Moto X. I have never been so totally in love with a phone.The Moto X is fast, intuitive, and has a bunch of amazing features. I can't tell you how nice it is to say &#34;OK Google Now&#34; and place a phone call with only a verbal command. I was out walking in bright sunshine and couldn't see my phone screen, but I could still make a call or use Pandora or do whatever else I wanted to do without even taking the phone out of my pocket.I love the small size of the phone, its lightening fast responsiveness, and its insane battery life. Truly, I'm in love. If someone took it hostage and held it for ransom, I would absolutely pay for its release. I've never felt strongly positive about a phone before, but this one I do.Plus, my phone service is now $25, and possibly $10 per month. How could I go wrong.Definitely buy this phone if you're considering it. You won't be sorry.

This phone is suppose to be unlocked version but it is AT&T version with SKU 6130A. There is AT&T branding on the back as well as AT&T apps and software that you cannot uninstall. I will return this item as it is misrepresented.

I purchased the Moto X from Sprint.  I am on my second phone and will be taking it in like I had to do with my first one.  Phone will not turn on nor will it charge.  Wish I had saved my money.

I think the product met my needs and requirements, I need not to stop on four stars but for the fact that I'm yet to understand the full features of Moto X. Therefore, I reserve the remaining star for future rating. By and large I recommend Moto X for travellers and field workers.Dr. Ugbah, G.

best phone Ive ever had. That includes the bagphone.

I'm in love with this cellphone! It's just perfect!The battery dies with almost 2 days when you don't use the phone too much. If you use internet, make some calls, etc, it will dies with one day.I think that's ok, because all the new cellphones in market has the same battery power as moto x.

I used iPhones for years. Since I use most of Google's programs, like the calendar, docs and drive, I looked into Android as an AT&T upgrade. IPhones and Apple have reached performance limits and do not seem to be keeping up with the internet world. Without any issues my entire iTunes music library was uploaded my to Google Play account. (That was my biggest concern.) The android music apps are far better than iTunes.  I was literally amazed at the internet accessibility and the high quality display. Not disappointing in anyway. Moto X has been an exceptional switch for me.

I didn't give the 5 stars because when i opend it, the screen has a little mark on the top, like someone had use it before. But it wors perfectly!

Normally I write rather long winded and illustrative reviews, however there's already a plethora of reviewers who have done analyses of the phone that cover pretty much every point I'd want to make, so I'm going to keep it simple. (For the best Moto X review, I reccomend searching MKBHD Moto X on YouTube)In the past five years, I've owned an original Motorola Droid, an iPhone 4, then a Note 2 before finally, on a whim, selecting this phone. All of the previous phones I've owned were supposed to be the flagships of their manufacturers, top of the line for their time, and with every one I ultimately found myself disappointed in their performance, battery life, or eventual deterioration over time and use.With the Moto X, almost a year into using it, it still runs as swiftly and smoothly as the first day I bought it. It does exactly what it needs to do when I want it, without any addons or unnecessary software to interfere with my experience.Unless you're in the market for a 5.5&#34;+ phablet, I highly, I highly reccomend purchasing the Moto X. Especially if you're a more casual cell phone user migrating from an iPhone or older model android phone.Everyone may talk about how the hardware is out of date, or about how the screen resolution isn't ultra-HD like all of the upcoming smart phones, but this phone is all about performance, ease of use, and simplicity, and it has, without question, exceeded my expectations in nearly every way.

The features work as advertised (OK Google Now).My only issue is that it took a few hours to associate with my carrier (LIME). In fact, it took so long that the rep who inserted the nano-SIM told me that the phone was locked.

I needed a device that would let me make calls and listen to text messages without touching my phone.  I read many reviews on CNET and PhoneDog, and they seemed to indicate that, while not having the most cutting-edge specs, the specs it did have made it fully worth its price.  Moto X's Touchless Control works as advertised.  I'm able to do what I need to do while driving without touching the phone at all.  The &#34;Always-On&#34; technology means it's always listening for my voice, it can tell when I'm driving and will ask if I want to listen to incoming messages, which it plays through my Bluetooth headset or on speakerphone, if I'm not wearing my Bluetooth.  I charge my phone overnight and get about 15-16 hours of battery life before it reaches 15%, at which point I plug it in to recharge.  Although you have the ability to migrate apps from your current phone, I highly recommend skipping the Migrate option and start from scratch, so you have a chance to see what the phone can do, before you choose to add third-party launchers and other apps that might interfere with the software supplied with the phone.  Bloatware is not an issue, here.  The Moto X has 16GB of storage, and comes preloaded with only around 4GB of its own software...but, unlike a lot of phones, the software that Motorola supplies is software I like and use on a daily basis.  Also, Google's Camera App has recently updated to make picture-taking easier and faster than before, so--despite the fact that Google sold Motorola to Lenovo, support for this phone is still there, and I highly recommend putting this phone on your shortlist for Android phones, and the prices drops more and more.  Moto X is a five-star performer.

First, for this price you don't get the accessories you'd get with a Samsung -- you have to pay extra. By the time I was finished it was over $500!Having had the first droid which was a motorola phone, and now using a Samsung, decided to go back to Motorola and really got excited. Well, this phone showed up chipped. And, when I couldn't open the sim-card tray, the customer service person didn't offer any advice or find out what happened, they just told me to return it and get another. Except they were going to charge me more money to make another on moto maker (identical), and not give me my money back until they got this one back. (I found out later I wasn't pushing hard enough and could have gotten the tray opened.)But I was glad I didn't, because I got to see firsthand how poor the customer service is for these phones. They treat you like a servant, you have to do all the work -- for example, you can't return it via USPS or UPS, only Fedex which for me means driving an hour out of my way. They charge YOU more money for sending you a bad phone, and they don't try to help you solve problems before they put you into customer service he**ll!. And this is for a person who paid the extra money for the insurance! I realized, better to send it back and get my refund and just get a galaxy again, then have to suffer if anything else goes wrong.

Disclaimer: I own the Moto X GSM Developer Edition 32gb (used with T-Mobile). It is a slightly different variant of the particular model in this listing, but my experience will not vary in any way from the one mentioned here. This was the closest I could find on Amazon. It's otherwise all the same internals, functions, features, and shortcomings. At the time of writing running Kit Kat 4.4. Also the phone in this ad is "unlocked" for the carrier service (T-Mobile, AT&T;), not the bootloader, which are two very different things.I can highly recommend the Moto X, as long as the camera and customer service are not a concern for you (see Cons below).***** Pros:-First and most important - call quality: Excellent. I sometimes drive a rather loud diesel truck at work, and had a lot of issues with my last phone's quality. When I got this I couldn't wait to try it in that truck as a test. When I talked to the first person I was expecting something like "I can tell you are driving but still hear some noise, not as bad as your last phone". That would have been acceptable to me. But the person had no idea I was in the truck at all. The only comment was that that I did get a little bit louder when I stopped the vehicle. Very impressive! The noise cancelling technique (it has 3 mics) must be well designed.-Specs: maybe not "top of the line" this year, at least on paper. But that is needlessly scaring away people. This phone is fast and stable because they have perfectly optimized the resources that are available. Since when is 1.7ghz and 2gb ram on a phone not enough? Only the most hardcore benchmarker will scoff at that. The X8 system is a creative use of cores and it just works.-System: Very smooth, graphic games run great, no glitches or bugs so far. Fast update to Kit Kat 4.4, with 4.4.2 expected soon -as of this writing. Multitasks very well. In fact I`m now using some multiple floating windows with the Xposed framework and it's flawless (root required).-Loudspeaker: Impressive for the phone size. Louder and better sound than my 17" Toshiba laptop (which actually isn't saying much, it's lame to begin with).-Moto X specific: This is where things get interesting! They have done well adding a few things you didn't know you needed until you try them. The Active Display is a nice touch and certainly useful, not just a gimmick. But it could be improved IMO if they also added a sort of "LED"  function that work make use of the normal LED feature in some apps and instead flash a cluster of pixels to "imitate" an LED light for notifications even when the phone is just sitting on a table for example. The "twist to open camera" is useful if you use it a lot, I don't in particular but I`m glad it's there. Touchless Commands are a Godsend and I hope this changes the game for every manufacturer. This sounds like a feature that's on every newer phone and often gets confused with other things, believe me it's not but should be. I lay this on the table to charge and a half hour later ask it what is 15% off 43 and it just tells me. That is awesome and hope I never have to do without it now. This is only one example of Touchless out of many that have changed the way I use my phone, period. It will make it seem lame that you ever had to turn your screen on to get things done.-Advanced (not recommended): Semi-easy to unlock and root for the knowledgeable. If you don't think it looks easy, you shouldn't attempt it. It's so comforting to see TWRP as my recovery, knowing my Nandroid backups are always there (and saved to laptop). Unlocking the bootloader will void your warranty, unless you have the DE like mine. Xposed framework and GravityBox work well, and Floating Windows are new to me and work impressively. No, I wont provide advice for unlocking and/or rooting.***** Neutrals:-Size: A pretty good compromise. Sometimes when I use it for a length of time I wish the screen was bigger. But when I carry it all day in my pocket, I`m glad it's smaller.-Build quality: Appears well made, perhaps not bulletproof being all plastic. I am drop prone and already dropped it 3 times with no trouble. But due to the fact I`m drop prone I would never think of having a phone with no case, so I`m sure that has helped it survive with zero problems. The one I use is the Supcase "Unicorn Beetle hybrid" available on Amazon. I have rated it good as well.-SD Card: built in is all you get, so I highly recommended 32gb for future use. It's less than convenient at times, but I understand what Google is trying to do. Overall not a big factor for me.-Battery life: Acceptable as expected, but my hopes weren't high. Not great, but few Androids are. Just the nature of the beast for now. Sure you can disable everything that makes it "smart" and greatly improve battery life, but then you have a "dumb" phone. I leave WiFi on, background sync on, gps on, Google Now on, pretty much everything but bluetooth which I never use. In short, I leave it "smart". My experience is varied. Sometimes it seems like I burn through 10% in a half hour. Other times I have intentionally tried to kill the battery to "recalibrate" and it takes forever to run down. It almost seems opposite of my last Android... it would take a long time to lose 10%, and then go down very quickly. This seems to lose the first 10-20% quickly, then slow down in it's discharge rate. Nothing scientific here, just my own observation.Usage example: In a normal day I unplug at 7:30am, use it for mostly "connectivity" i.e. checking email, messaging, weather, "Googling", make a few calls, and I`m a habitual setting changer and new app junkie. Occasionally I`ll play a game when bored but nothing too graphic intensive, and rarely watch full videos (though I often get locked in the YouTube "A.D.D. suggested video distraction loop"). I`ll still have about 20-30% left on a typical day when I plug it in at 10:00pm. To me that passes for good enough. If you play games for 2 hours or watch entire movies at a time, you can bet you'll be plugging in much sooner.***** Cons:-Camera: For the cost of this phone, unacceptable and my only real complaint. Don't believe the "low light" hype. This thing is pretty lame for 90% of pictures with an occasional lucky one that looks good. Sure you'll get a brighter pic in low light but it will be so noisy it's unpleasant to even look at. For "scanning" documents it's adequate. Flash is very bright, sometimes to the point of making the pic worse with glare; but it does make a great flashlight with an app to turn it on as such. Wasn't a deal breaker for me, but may be for some.-Support: There aren't enough bad words to describe my experience with so called customer care. It was careless. It was pathetic. It was degrading to almost sub human level. My experience started out bad and only got worse the more I called. I have spent hours on the phone getting issues "escalated" only to wait for calls "within the day" that never happen. Their trouble started with a blown Cyber Monday deal and just snowballed from there. The reps seem to have no product training and nothing but canned responses that have little to do with your question. Should you require the assistance of Motorola's customer care-less, God help you and good luck. If you just want a phone that works, the Moto X is a great choice. If you are the type that demands good customer service to back up a product, my opinion is to run from Motorola as fast as you can.

I think for the price it is a great for. The feel Is wonderful

This phone does it all. Great reception, audio and fast web browsing on LTE. Above all, the phone feels great in my hand and the display is beautiful. Once I drained the battery a few times, the battery lasted a whole day with lots of web surfing and playing video. I like being able to talk to the phone and have it do what I ask. There may be better specs on a few other so called high end smart phones, but when you combine all the great features of this phone, I doubt there is a better overall  phone.I fell so in love with this phone, that I bought a second one. In terms of appearance, I like the white one over the black one, as I own both colors.

Like every other Android phone I've ever had, the phone was wonderful in the beginning but slowly (but surely) began to malfunction after the first three months. I really loved everything about this phone, from the design to the large screen to the speed. Then, it started to suck more and more. Instead of finishing this review, I'll just compose a list of everything that has malfunctioned since purchasing the phone in November 2013:1.) Rear-Facing Camera: The rear-facing camera suddenly stopped working and nothing I do could fix it. Tried clearing cache and force stopping the app. Did not work. Tried uninstalling all updates. Did not work. Soft reset on phone and then hard reset on phone. Did not work.2.) Speaker: When I am on the phone with someone, I have to put it on speakerphone just to be able to hear the person I'm talking to. Mind you, this phone has never been near water or was not physically damaged in any way, shape, or form.3.) Battery life: Was great. Now it's declining tremendously. I used to get about 12 hours out of the phone and now I get about 5. I don't have many apps installed/running and I have the device on power saver. How does this happen? Plus, it takes about 6 hours to achieve a full charge. My iPhone literally takes about a half hour to reach 100% from 0%.4.) Glitches: Phone will force stop applications on its own and will randomly turn off and reboot.  It freezes often, also.With all said, I think I am done buying Android operated phones until they could create a OS that is more substantial and functional. Since every Android-based phone I have had, regardless of brand/model, has taken a crap on me, I'm assuming that it's because of the OS. I really wanted to love this phone, and did for a while, but it's not worth my time.

I'm not a cell phone expert but have read enough reviews to know this is the cool phone to buy right now.  Everything works perfectly and it feels great in your hand.  If you want a more technical review please look elsewhere.  I do highly recommend this phone.  Thanks.

I have had this phone for a couple months and i love it.The design is just Awesome! It feels very natural because the phone has a certain curvature to it and the dimple on the back gives your pointer finger a place to rest, I got the all black version and I am really loving the matte black plastic on the back. Soon though you can get a wooden back version.The screen is meh, I mean most flagships have a 1080p screen but the Moto X has a 720p screen. I mean it is fine you won't see a REAL big difference, although if you get a anti-glare screen protector you can see a pretty big difference between this and a 1080p screen. The viewing angles are really good. This phone has some really deep black colors because all of the black pixels on the screen aren't displaying anything so when you have a black wallpaper or something it may save your battery a bit.Durability is VERY SURPRISING I dropped it on it's screen on a metal bleacher with no screen protector or case : NOTHING!!! there wasn't any scratches or cracks or anything at all. This has happened to me a few times already and my phone is in perfect condition.The battery life is exceptional, it barely lasts me a whole day but...... well it lasts me the whole day. One of the main reasons I gave this review 4 stars is because most of the time when I take my phone out of my pocket it is on searching something because it thought I said &#34;ok google now&#34; which is one of the features of the Moto X. Even when I turn touch-less control off it still turns on in my pocket for some reason, this really is annoying to me because when I am doing things throughout the day I usually don't pull my phone out for hours and when I do since it was on in my pocket goes from 100 percent battery to 70 to 60 percent battery. I hope they fix this down the road.Performance is really good for the price since it has 2gb of RAM, an Adreno 320 GPU and Qualcomm Snapdragon S4 Pro CPU. These specs are pretty standard but since it only has to power a 720p screen it performs very well, I have played some very graphical games and it handles it flawlessly.Other ThoughtsI have a little problem with it overheating when I am not using it I just have it on my drawer (no the house isn't on a overly hot setting) and it gets to temperatures like 117 degrees farenheit, I have been playing Shadow Gun: Deadzone on my Nexus 7 v2 and the temperature remains the same. I really think this is a problem for just a select group of people because I have read a couple reviews and no one else seems to have this issue. I also love the fact that it runs stock android.Overall it is a great phone and does it's job fairly well.

Good not great. The camera is definitely the weak link with the phone. I love the twist of the wrist to activate the camera but the camera itself doesn't take great pictures unless you have ideal lighting. I haven't taken advantage of the Google Now features. I am sure they are nice but I haven't found a need for them(like I thought I might). I like the size of the phone a lot. Other phones in my price range were bigger and I didn't like that. For my price point this phone is great, but if money were no object I would probably opt for a spendy iphone just because of the camera. I don't require my phone to change the world with all its super powers but I do want to capture some good photos.

I am an owner of a Republic Wireless MotoX.  It's only my second ever smartphone, but it far exceeds my previous Defy XT.  Since upgrading, I have noticed an incredibly responsive Ice Cream Sandwich Android OS, superb voice recognition using Google's &#34;ok, google, now&#34; feature, 90% responsiveness using NFC tags, and 100% responsiveness to the &#34;twist twice&#34; camera shortcut. And at such a cheap price (only $200 if you go through Republic Wireless), there's no going wrong.  The battery life is very decent, but I wil admit it's annoying that if I am using maps AND listening to Pandora while driving AND charging the phone using my car charger, the phone will still ultimately discharge.  The GPS and data and bluetooth all on at the same time are too much for it to charge.  After doing this for about 2 hours, the phone will die.  So I guess more battery life is to be desired, but I personally would not sacrifice it's incredibly smooth and sleek form factor for this extended battery life.  I'd much rather get a case that doubles as a battery, which still as of March 2014 does not exist for some reason.  I will not ding the phone for battery life, as it is leaps and bounds better than my old Defy XT.I love the NFC, too.  Combined with the application &#34;trigger&#34;, I can create actions that respond to various NFC tags, with seemingly endless options/combinations.  I highly recommend this phone as I have used it daily for 6 months now, and have not had ANY issues.  Not once have I needed to reboot due to unresponsiveness or freezing, which was a daily occurrence with my old Defy.

Excellent cell. Pretty fast. Slim and lightweight. Your problem is that the front glass is delicate and is glued to the LCD. When repair is complicated.

I'm a technology person and have used almost every other phone is existence.  I got this for my wife two months ago when her Galaxy 3 died and have been using this more than my other two phones (Note 3 which I adore and IPhone 5S).  This may not have the best specs on paper, but the screen is vibrant, call quality is outstanding, the speakerphone works well, the camera is on-par with other phones, there isn't bloatware and the stock Android 4.4 screams.  Call quality (clarity of voice) and a good speakerphone are some of the most important features of a phone in my mind.  While the phone is made of plastic, it's sturdy and well-made.  Battery life is not great, but adequate for a day's moderate usage.  I've dropped this from five feet high and it still works. This phone does not disappoint.  I can't wait for the follow-on model, but am concerned Lenovo who now owns Motorola will degrade the next Moto X phone iteration in terms of quality and features.The only issue I had was when activating the phone on AT&T.;  The phone came with a T-Mobile SIM and while unlocked, had to try four AT&T; SIM cards at the store to activate.  I originally thought it was the phone and was a little perturbed.  Activation on T-Mobile was flawless (tried both to see which pre-paid service works best).  Not sure why I needed to try three SIM cards before one worked on AT&T; and I'm not downgrading the rating because of this because it may be an AT&T; issue; just a cause for concern if this is a product issue.  Has anyone else experienced this?

Had a few months.  Works great.  Great signal reception, long battery and MADE IN USA.  Play games all day and still keeps a charge. Dropped a couple times with no problems.

Just received the Moto X&#8230;. pretty disappointed, I&#8217;ve paid for a new one, it looks as an open box item!. It&#8217;s dirty, no seals &#8230;&#8230;Be aware .....

Although this phone is unlocked, and works with my T-Mobile account, it has somehow passed through the ATT system: it has an ATT logo on the back, and it has ATT apps that cannot be removed. It was &#34;Sold by Ross Cellular.&#34; I see today that they're now &#34;Sold by US Wireless.&#34; I would recommend buying directly from Motorola, unless Amazon starts selling it without a third party.The experience wasn't good, but the phone itself is very good.

Great Phone!! Great Price!! Great Features! Camera not so great, but fulfills basic needs. I highly recommend this phone, you get much more than the price you pay.

Very pleasure to recommend Moto X.smoosh,clevercleansafeEnergy savingIts my first time to buy SmartPhone from Amazon US.An interesting experience

I can't praise enough this cellphone, it is lightweight, fast, really smart. The only issue is that I have an accent so it doesn't quite get what I'm saying so I have to talk slowly, other than that I love love love my phone!

I purchased this from Moto Maker (on Verizon, the only difference is the radios so this is relevant) during their holiday sale where the off contract price came down to $350. Since I've had this phone for a while now, and I am now equipped to write my review. I wrote one for the Galaxy Nexus(GNex) after that was released since I bought it the day it came out and my review received nearly 200 votes (mostly helpful), so it seems like people found my review useful. I've posted this review for all the different carrier variants since the hardware and software are all the same except for radios.Hardware DesignThe design of this phone is truly one to appreciate. The fact that I was able to customize the look of mine is not the reason I say that. I can say that this phone does not feel like you're holding an iPhone or a Samsung or any other phone for that matter. It does not feel cheaply made (and being made in the US, it isn't!). It had just enough weight and the part on the outside, don't feel like plastic like most Samsung phones. Don't get me wrong, Samsung makes very good phones, but they all feel cheap, but that's my opinion and others feel the same way. I happen to think the Moto X has a premium feel compared to my old GNexThe screen is much more enjoyable than my Gnex was. This is not to say that I didn't like the screen on my GNex because I did, but the colors seem better on the Moto X. Every user will have a different opinion though. Many people like the IPS Retina display on the iPhone and the best comparison to that is the LG G2, which has a great screen. The AMOLED screen on the Moto X is very good for me though.Continuing with the design near the screen, the rounded edges all around the front of the phone actually feel great. What do I mean by that? Since this screen is truly edge to edge, if you find yourself swiping from the edges a lot, you won't feel the sharpness an edge usually feels like.The mic is on the front of the screen and very noticeable, so when using speaker phone and turn the phone face down to have the speaker facing up, it results in the other person hearing an echo. Didn't have that problem with my GNex, but that is probably because the mic was not very visible on the bottom.I do have a gripe about the design of two things though. Perhaps it's because I'm used to have my GNex, but have the volume rocker and the power button on the same side (the right side), feels awkward to me. But Samsung has it correct in my eyes with the volume rocker on the left side and the power button on the right side. The other thing for me is having the micro USB port on the bottom of the phone and the headphone jack on the top. I don't like this part AT ALL. For those that don't have cars that have Bluetooth Streaming, this creates cord clutter. However, there are times where having the headphone jack on the top can be nice. For example, as a runner I take my phone with me on runs and use headphones. Since the cord doesn't need to go to the bottom of the phone that can make that experience better.SoftwareThe first Android phone I had was the Galaxy Nexus. So why do I say that here in this review. Well, I've experienced the software of other android phone through demo units and phones of friends. I don't like skinned versions of Android like what Samsung does to Android on their Galaxy phones. I do truly enjoy the stock Android experience. The Android experience is nearly stock android. There are some small Moto tweaks, but otherwise, it's the experience I enjoy.Active Notifications are truly awesome! Yes, this falls under software. Now what is that? Well instead of a notification light, a portion of the screen turns on when you have a notification, telling you exactly what app the notification is from. You can pick and choose what apps you want to show notifications through this feature. Now you might be wondering is the screen continuously shows this notification until you dismiss it. Well, you can dismiss it if you want to, but you can preview the notification and see if it's an email or a text or whatever app.Now for Touchless control. Some people may find this to be a gimmick, but it's actually not bad. I use it when in the car to make phone calls. That's about it, though occasionally, saying "OK Google Now, what's the forecast for today" is easier than launching an app. (call me lazy for that, it's true haha).Battery LifeI have been putting my phone through test of my everyday usage. That includes, streaming music in my car, using Google Maps for traffic conditions to and from work, texting, calling, checking personal and work emails, checking Facebook, taking the occasional picture and then some sports-related stuff too. I would imagine the average user might use their phone as much as I do in a typical day. Now, the verdict...it's very good. I was shocked at how well the battery lasted. I got more than a full day's worth of usage out of it (wake up at 5am to sleep at 10pm). That's 17 hours for me. That means most people should be able to get a full day's worth out of this phone before plugging in before going to sleep. Moto really did a fantastic job of optimizing the software, processor and screen to maximize battery life.CameraTruthfully, I haven't taken enough pictures to give a great assessment of this, but coming from my GNex, this takes far better pictures. The pictures I've taken have been in great lighting conditions and the pictures have come out great. If you want to get a good idea on the performance, you can google reviews. Keep in mind when this phone first came out, the camera wasn't great, but that was due to the camera processing software. They have fixed that. Droid-Life has samples of the before and after. They show that Moto fixed this. It's a 10MP shooter and should be good enough for everyone's every day camera taking needs.OtherThrough moto maker the phone came with Android 4.2.2. I have not upgraded to 4.4 yet becaue from what I've seen in forums, in 4.4, Verizon is able to block tethering for those who still have unlimited data (like me). I'm holding off on installing the update for now.

I really like this phone. It is blazing fast on boot up and the touch screen is super responsive!! The battery life lasted me about 7 hours with constant use. However the only issue with most of these google phones is that they do not come with a expandable micro sd card so all the space you have is what you get unfortunately. Also the battery is not easily removable which makes replacing them very difficult.

Well I have to say it works perfect, nothing negative to say, it's fast opening apps, great camera, and great desing.

I originally purchased the Moto G but the first one wouldn't hold Wifi.  The second Moto G phone service was terrible as it would show five bars then drop to nothing within a few seconds.  I then decided to purchase the Moto X.  So far I am very pleased with the phone. It is working very well and I have phone service as well as Wifi.  With its added features that the Moto G did not have it is well worth it to invest in the Moto X.

NOT FIT FOR BUSINESS USE - OR ADULTS, EITHER!  The Moto X is an AWFUL DISAPPOINTMENT for an upper-tier smartphone... Here's why:Google-owned Motorola just can't seem to get it right with the Moto X.  The battery life is sub-standard; the camera function and photo quality were acceptable BEFORE the latest Google-forced Android update, Kit-Kat 4.4.3, but unusable after. The 4.4.3 update also ruined the dialer function with an ugly and dysfunctional replacement and revised the graphical user interface to look like more like a kindergarten toy or Windows-type, Tile-based phone - UGLY, STUPID and CHILDISH!!!  Because Google forces the updates on you with no way to go back to the system that came with the phone, I returned both of them for a refund.

Great phone, very rugged and easy to use. The voice recognition features are a plus and makes it stand alone among other Android phones. Solind construction by Mototola.

I asked for a black cellphone and it only came with a white charger. I thought it came with earphones, also. The box wasn't sealed. Works fine, though.

Loved the phone. Feels good in hand compared to Nexus 5 . You can see and feel quality. Loved the notifications, and the voice control is the best I've seen. Photos has bluish tint, but it doesn't matter for me.

as expected.it is android all the way with google touch and emphasis and is cool and i would do it again

First time I saw Moto X I was impressed with the 4.7" LCD in a phone that is only 65mm wide. Also I liked the curved back as that's how your hands are - 10.5mm in the middle is not an issue while 5.5 toward edges helps with smaller hands.However, after using it for a while the design is not that good at all. It's slippery (I thought the mesh design of the back plate is actually a rubberized 3D mesh) and it's hard to handle. In fact, the phone has more bulk in the upper half - just rotate it for 180 degrees and you'll see it fits your hand better. The part where this phone design really fails for me is when I tried it along my old LG L9. LG fits my hand so perfectly that I thought this Moto must be a bit wider. However LG L9 is 3mm wider. However I am not knocking off a single star for this design - 65mm leaves plenty of room for a nice case and all together it'll be about the width other 4.7" phones have.What's really bad about this phone is the LCD. It's a crappy AMOLED, very similar to what Samsung used in SG3 with the maximum brightness not going past 350nits. HTC and iphone have LCDs that go over 500 nits for years now. I feel like idiot every time I want to see the screen in the sun - 400$ in 2014 and I can't see it because Motorola decided to follow Samsung's gimmick of using low brightness LCDs so they can tell their battery lasts longer. This phone was supposed to be something better than all that Samsung crap - no useless gimmicks such as AMOLED (fake punchy colors as one of the main selling points, 1080p that your can't see or at least you don't care about having a power hog lcd).I also understand that manufactures are pressed by all those "professional" review websites that influence buyers a lot. Those noobs are regularly comparing things like battery life during video playback on *maximum brightness* not the same brightness. That's why every HTC ends up having poor battery life while Samsung's are much better. Too bad motorola decided to follow this.Icing on the cake is the automatic adjustment of the white color to be gray so it consumes less energy. Pretty much kills the superior contrast AMOLED offers and eve nfurther reduces the visibility in the sun. Samsung and Cyagenmod have that power save feature as an option under Settings->Display so I can disable it. Moto X can't.What really works in favor of this phone is the motorola software. Voice commands and Assist app work really good - you can see that motorola put some significant effort to provide a variety of software features so that your phone interacts with you in all kind of situations, such as disabling the ringer if you are in the meeting to automatically starting the driving mode when it senses you are in the car. Most notably, you can add your bluetooth devices as Trusted Devices so the phone stays unlocked if those are connected.

Excellent fit and feel!

I am living in China while moto X is not sold in my country,  so I had to buy it from Amazon. It was about 2 weeks late when I received my phone. It is worthy to wait for that long time because of moto X's perfect using experience.Now I have use my moto X for almost a month and I like it. Thank you Moto & Amazon so much.

I purchased the Moto X from Sprint about a week ago, taking advantage of their new One Up program (phone cost me .42).  A little background to my Smartphone usage.  My first Smartphone was the HTC Incredible, so I have an extremely high standard for what a good Smartphone is.  I loved the Incredible.  I followed that up with the Samsung Galaxy S2, to extreme disappointment.  What a hunk of crap that phone was.  So, when the opportunity arose to dump the crap box ahead of my contract renewal, I jumped on it.I debated between going back to HTC with the One or going with the new Motorola Moto X.  I was hesitant at first about the X, but figured, it's made by Google, why wouldn't it be great?  I was correct.  The key to making the most out of this phone is to not gimp it out.  Use Google, leave the GPS and WiFi on.  The battery life is outstanding and lasts well into a day and a half even with all the features turned on.  The bonus to letting the phone do what it does is it makes life better.  This morning I had an up to the minute traffic update on my phone 10 minutes to my normal leaving time.  It knows my house and my work.  The voice commands are simple (despite what others are saying) and work amazing well if you take the time to really learn them.  It connects to my Jabra Bluetooth speaker amazingly fast and uses all the Bluetooth controls with no setup (there is no need to use the activation phrase with Bluetooth, it just knows).  In short, this is what a Smartphone should be.  Smart.  Don't be lazy in the first week or so of owning the phone and the phone will learn.  Then, by all means, be lazy.  Once trained, the phone knows what you want, it's a little freaky but totally worth it.

I love the Moto X.  It has all the things i need and a much bigger screen,  plus i bought it for half the price of an iPhone!  Highly recommended!

Full disclosure: I didn't buy this phone from Amazon, I bought it directly from Motorola. I've been using the Moto X for about 4 months now, and this review is based my experience over long term use.It's hard to define what, exactly, makes the Moto X so good. It isn't the spec sheet -- the Moto X lags the competition there. It isn't exactly the feature list either -- the feature list is competitive, but most of the unique Moto X features don't feel like "features" at all -- they just feel like part of the phone. In other words, Motorola's software doesn't make me think. It requires no concentration to untangle, a benefit that stands in stark contrast to the unwieldy software bundled on HTC or, even worse, Samsung devices. While competitors are adding new levers and buttons, the Moto X just makes the existing levers more useful.And it all looks cohesive and feels pleasurable. At the end of a day, still with a 50% charge (battery life is superb), I'll hold my oh-so-ergonomic phone happily in hand and I'll say to it, "Okay Google Now, set alarm for 8:00 AM." It'll work. While I sleep, the phone will only let important calls in and won't light up. When I have it face up on my desk, it occasionally shows the time and some notifications on the screen -- ones that show up immediately when I pull my phone out of my pocket. Just the fact that I don't have to turn my phone on to see who texted me is itself a killer feature.My phone knows when I'm driving, knows when I'm in a meeting, and doesn't bother me when I want privacy. It listens to my voice from across the room (but only after hearing the words, "Okay Google Now"), and it knows my voice from others. It prompts me for my unlock PIN code when I'm on the town, but not when I'm at home.The Moto X isn't perfect. It doesn't always understand a command, and I wish it could figure out that if I'm at a bar at 2:00 AM, maybe I should be sleeping, but I'm not. Its sleep feature is based only on the time of day. And I wish I could configure Google Now to pull information from email accounts other than gmail. But nothing is perfect.But having said that, this phone is as close to perfect as I've seen, and probably better than most phones that will come out for years to come.

I configured mine on the Moto X site. I chose ebony wood for the back. It looks awesome! This is probably the closest thing to a virtual assistant. Just say OK Google Now and give it a command. It's always listening for you, even when the screen is off. The features are purposely minimalistic. There aren't a hundred settings for everything (like Samsung usually has). It's a very pure version of Android. The screen size is just right for my needs.Features I really like:- Twist my wrist as if you're waving like the Queen and the camera loads. You don't have to turn it on, click the phone app, etc.- Google now commands. I set reminders, do searches, call and text people, open apps- Battery life. At the end of the day, I usually have about 65% battery leftOverall, this is solid all-around phone. Most phones do basically the same things, but the handful of unique features this phone has really make it stand out.A couple of things I hope they update- Photos are a little washed out and not great in low light- Full HD resolution. Even though I can't really tell it's not

Republic wireless, a no contract cell phone that is cheap because it runs off wifi uses this phone.I was hesitant to get it, but after purchasing, I'm glad I did.The Moto x is slender, sleek, with a big screen and a nice feel.I am an extremely careful person though, so I never have dropped it or knocked it on anything. I'm not sure how durable it is. I like android phones over iPhones personally, so this is a great fit for me. I paid 300$ with republic wireless though, so, ya know, for that price and 20-30$ a month bills, it is a pretty ideal situation.I know that sounds like I am promoting republic wireless, I'm not. For what I paid, I was pleased with the phone.

This smartphone is not new. The accesories is not original of Motorola. This is responsability of seller.The slot for chip is lacerated.

I got my Moto X (AT&T;) a week ago and I could not be happier. Don't let the "specs" be the determining factor to buy this phone or not. Motorola and Google were not trying to compete with the S4's and G2's on the spec front, they were looking to create a flawless user experience, and they accomplished just that with the Moto X.Design: The Moto X is EXTREMELY well made. The curved back fits perfectly in your hand. It is light, but feels very sturdy and secure in your hand. It just feels well made. With past phones, it felt like I would break the phone if I held it too tightly, not with the Moto X. I purchased the standard black edition because I knew that I would end up putting a case on it, but if you can wait 4 days, got to motorola.com/motomaker and design one for yourself. You can't do that with any other phone out there.Screen: They hit the sweet spot with the 4.7" screen. It's not too big at all. With the exception of those with hands the size of a 6 year old, the majority of people will be able to comfortably navigate the screen edge to edge with their thumb. The screen is nice and bright, and the color saturation helps produce very nice images on the screen. There is also a battery saver auto-dim feature that you can turn on or off.Touchless Control: Program the phone to recognize your voice command "OK Google Now" and you can perform a whole bunch of tasks without needing to touch your phone at all. Place a phone call, schedule a reminder, view your photos, do a google search, check the weather, send a text message, open applications, and probably plenty more that I just have not gotten to yet. I am still working through everything this feature has to offer. Have not tried to use it with a headset either.Active Notification: I LOVE this feature. Periodically, your screen will pulse with basic information like date and time. It's a huge power saver because you don't have to turn your screen on just to see the time. You can unlock your phone right from the active notifications. If you get a text or something and your phone is not on silent, your notification sound will play the notification will pulse giving you a change to view it. Just touch the notification icon and a preview of the text message appears at the top of the screen. Drag your finger up to the preview to instantly open the app and the message in full. If your phone is on silent, the icon will still pulse until you view it. Also, it seems to me as if the active notification also triggers when you pick your phone up. The accelerometer must sense when I pick the phone up because the active notification pops up instantly and I can unlock my phone in a split second. This is such a subtle feature, but it so so so so so useful.Twist twice to open camera: This feature works great when you get the form down. It is very quick. Not life changing, but still cool.Battery Life: I am not a super heavy user. I check my phone periodically throughout the day, but it's nothing substantial, I do have a job to attend to. But from 7:00 am to 12:00 midnight I use about 50% of my battery... that's all. My old phone would be drained in 4 hours whether I was using it or not. Battery life will definitely be shorter if you are using it all day, but it will last longer than most phones.Like another reviewer said, just leave your gps and stuff turned on and let the Moto X do it's magic. Moto X will also get KitKat whenever it gets released, which should be soon. Can't wait for that.I'm sure there is much more to cover. If I forgot anything, just ask and I will respond as soon as I can.Love my Moto X!!!!

Gift for husband.  He loves it.Gift for husband.  He loves it.Gift for husband.  He loves it. Why do you need so many words?

very  nice phone,but the one i got must have been faulty.battery drained suddenly two  different times. reception was bad  also.thank  you amazon and mango  wireless for the no hassle return  and great customer service.

Ok all good but the gb its to smell!

Over the last 2 years, I have used a Galaxy S3, Galaxy Nexus and Galaxy Note II.But over the years, I realized that, for practical purposes, I don't need the latest-and-greatest in tech.I don't need a quad-core processor, or a 5.5 inches screen with stylus to just edit a few documents or watch YouTube or listen to  Pandora.And I certainly don't need any of that for regular texting and calling.So after researching the mid-range market, I finalized Moto X.Pros:+ Perfect screen size (4.7', neither too small nor too big)+ Pure Google Android with no bloatware from OEMs+ Performance is very slick, unlike S3 or Note II+ Decent battery life (I get through the day with moderate use)+ Touchless features DO make life slightly more convenient (especially where it automatically shows time if taken out of pocket)Cons:- Battery not removable- No SD card slot- In spite of 10 mp, camera performance not great- Won't do my laundryAnd one last tip that is relatively hidden from the mainstream market -I broke my contract with Sprint where I was paying $70 for unlimited everything (after employee discount) per month.I went prepaid with Republic Wireless that charges $10 for unlimited talk and text.I realized I am not using data that often so I am saving $60 per month (!). But if you want data, it $25 for unlimited talk, text and 3G or $40 for 4G LTE.Hope this info helps you make a better choice for your next smartphone.

Good phone, i like it very much

This is an awesome phone and one of the best values for your dollar if not the best. The screen pops, the speed is excellent, no lag at all. The Motorola specific features are industry leading and the battery life is above the average of the top shelf competitors. I would recommend this phone to a friend.

This phone made me forget about my bloatware loaded touchwiz lagging Samsung S4. I'm glad I made the decision to ditch the S4 for my new Moto X. This phone is super easy to use, vanilla Anroid, good battery life and a lot of other goodies. The phone just feels good in the hand.

Great phone for anyone but especially those who want an easy phone to use (when Android typically can be complicated).  It's quick, good for one handed use, great screen, decent camera.

Phone was described as unlocked model but what I received was AT&T branded (slightly different bands).  While it will work for me, it may have issues when used internationally.

Things I love about this phone:- clean os- active notifications- always listening featureLeft an iPhone 4 for a Moto X and I am more than satisfied.

This is a great phone. You can buy it, and take it to almost any provider. However, with Verizon, the phone can be put on Verizon Pre-paid, but as of now LTE will not have access to it, Verizon will lock it to 3G and not 4G or LTE Network. So if you buy, make sure it is the model for your particular carrier.

Phone has met all my needs and beyond I could have asked for anything better this phone has so many features

If you want a giant screen, this isn't the phone. At the time I got Galaxy Nexus (2 years before Moto X), it had the highest resolution screen on a phone (720p) and I believe the largest screen (4.65&#34;) - although the original Galaxy Note launched within a few months.  It's great to have so many pixels on the screen.  Moto X also has a 720p screen (720x1280 pixels). I haven't used a 1080p phone yet (1080x1920) and maybe someday I will think that's a base resolution.  However, 1080p is more than 2x as many pixels as 720p, and they way I'm thinking of it right now is that I'd rather have extra battery life the extra resolution.  The size of the phone is slightly smaller than the galaxy nexus - while having a noticeably larger screen. It feels the same in my pocket though - which is fine.Moto X is a great phone for the price.  I customized mine through moto maker, which is a nice touch - although after dropping it one time and noticing significant scratches I ended up getting a case that pretty much obscures the customization (and actually makes the phone larger than the galaxy nexus in my pocket).I like the direction motorola took for their android modifications. It feels fairly stock AOSP. Instead of making OS changes, they've spent their development money on building additional feature-providing applications.I initially used the motorola transfer app to copy my data over - and I appreciate that Motorola is thinking along those terms of helping users transfer data from their old phone.The touchless control (waking the phone by saying &#34;OK Google Now&#34; without touching it) isn't a must have, but it's occasionally useful.The active display may be the biggest day-to-day win. I was initially surprised that there was no notification led, but I've now come to appreciate the active display more than a notification LED.I also use the motorola connect feature to text from my PC everyday.I got the 32GB model (for an extra $50 - which is a ridiculous increase when a 64gb flash card can be had for not much more than half that).  I expected that to be enough space, but taking pix and 1080p videos of a toddler quickly filled it up.  This phone feels like it was pretty user focused, but not including a Micro SD slot feels like they are either following the non-user focused crowd or trying to get the high margin extra $50 for the 16gb upgrade.  That lowers it to a 4.  If there were phones other than the Galaxy S4 (which I ruled out for other reasons) with a SD Card, I would have lowered the Moto X to 3 for the lack of SD card.The only other big con is the lack of replaceable battery.  This has much more engineering purpose than the SD card, allowing the phone to be smaller; However, it's a very anti-user decision.  Once again though, there are very few contemporary phones with a replaceable battery, and so far the battery life is good enough that I wouldn't purchase an extra battery, so I'll let it go.  I do not expect that to remain true for 2 years though.

Not what I wanted. Buyer beware! This is XT1058 AT&T version of moto x with locked bootloader, not XT1053 as some reviewers here suggested.

Nice size.  Very responsive.  OK Google now is a gimmick, does not work all the time.  It is never equal to typing your search words.  But, this phone is listed as 'Unlocked'.  But, mine came branded with AT&T; logo and had AT&T; apps installed.  I have requested a return.  Let me see what happens.  I bought from company named 'MyParana'.  I did not want to spend money to sign up with T-Mobile to find out this phone will work or not (None of the people I know have nano-SIM from non-AT&T; carrier).  So, chose the safe method to return it immediately.I do not like how they advertise as 'not-carrier associated' and send you branded stuff.

First of all, always on listening is a godsend for the car, and for folks like me who constantly lose their phone. The processor is crazy fast, the cameras are both great, and I love that there is almost no bloatware. Even with GPS and Wi-Fi always on, I have yet to run down the battery. What bloatware is on the phone is from Google, whose kool-aid I have thoroughly drunk.However, I'm frustrated that storage isn't expandable, and the price point seems a bit too high.

I have this phone for a month now, this is one of the best I've ever owned. The size is perfect, feels great in the hand, battery life is impressive lasting for a day with 3g on. But, amazon posted wrong info about the product, I can't use the LTE here in my country. Asked about it before ordering but the customer service didn't answered my queries.

Amazing Phone.. Just brilliant and well thought of and is A MUST BUY.this is the last phone from motorola, buy it before lenovo changes things.None of the costly phones have these useful features1. Spotlight Movie.2. Active Display.3. Always Listening (you speak the phone always listens)4. Moto Assist (amazing when your drive, the phone automatically detects that your are travelling and adjusts accordingly)5. Wooden Back panel (why buy cheap material body phones like aluminium or plastic, we don't even eat food in aluminium utensils) wood looks classy6. Camera starts with a twist7. get a 50GB free additional storage space on Google drive for 2 years.This is how a phone should be.

Excellent team, provides good performance, the software runs fluid, battery performance is good even with heavy use. The size is very comfortable because it is not overly large.

what a great phone! you cant miss it&#128522;(^_^)my friend like it very much, and the price i got it is very cheap

I would use this company in the future! and I would also recommend it to others. I was nervous about what I would end up with and how fast it would ship. I was impressed they shipped the phone signature required, in spending that kind of money on a phone it gives you added security knowing others couldn't steel it out of mail box or left at door. I absolutely love the phone and all its features. I tried to hook it up with straight talk phone service and was not impressed with their service at all! They said I would get the best coverage for their plan with an AT&T unlocked phone, but they could not even get the data to work on this phone. They told me that there was something wrong with my phone and probably not completely unlocked. So I took it to T-Mobile and they put their own sim card, and everything worked! no data problem at all! and reassured me the phone was unlocked. The only thing I don't care for in these phones( Moto x)they don't give you the option to change the battery very easy!  But I found out most phones are being made that way now due to type of batteries they use. I think the Galaxy's are the only ones now that make it easy to replace the battery.

This is not a review of the Motorola Moto X but a review about Motorola and their not existing after sales sevice in Thailand, also about the Moto X if it would become available here and in Europe:- I bought in 2013 a Motorola Defy mini in Bangkok.The Android OS crashed and I learned that Motorola outsourced after sales service to the local company Loxley. Loxley did a good job, no complaints.No, just days after warranty expired, I returned to Loxley for technical support to the defective Motorola cell phone. The battery is defective, but Loxley explained to me they do not have spare parts from Motorola. I got for free from Loxley a new battery which is not the original battery. It worked until the battert was empty. Charging, the phone screen displayed the warning about the wrong battery and it did not charge.I reported to Motorola, I got their reply that they would contact me within 24h, but they did not follow up since 2624h.I tried to get the original battery from all the local cell phone specialists, but I learned that Motorola simply disappeared from the local market. Motorola may also disappeare from Europe because of patent violations. Outside the US we may carefully consider before buying any Motorola cell phone. Amazon asked me for a rating star and to meet this there is 1, but it would be many black holes for Motorola.

I really wanted to love this phone and I did for the most part.  If the phone had worked reliably for calls I would have given it 5 stars.  The unit is very fast and handled all apps I handled with ease and is much better then other Android phones for hands free use due to the always on mic.  Battery life was a bit anemic I would have to charge the unit mid day but I am a heavy user.  Small form factor with nice size screen and great built in features like Moto Assist which can be set to detect driving, read messages, and send out a standard text message to let others know your on the road.All in All Motorola did very well on the sleek and powerful phone.  The reason I had to downgrade to 2 stars was that often when placing a call, the call would end immediately unless you rebooted.  Also even when in perfect reception many calls wouldn't show up in history and went straight to VM.  In addition to that for my unit if a caller called me while I was on another call I could no longer hear the conversation I was already on.  T-Mobiles Engineers were not able to help, we tried a new SIM card disabling Moto Assist app and other features with no change in the problem behavior for voice calls.  This problem did not occur on my former phone on the same network or my temp phone I'm on now.On the app side this worked great for everything from viewing security cameras, Visual Voicemail, GPS by voice using Google now without touching the phone which makes it great for people on the road a lot like me.The problem might be with T-Mobile and the Moto X, I noticed complaints about the same issues on their forums as well as some of the Android developer forums.  Regardless those issues were a show stopper for me as I can't miss work calls.  I hope others have better luck and would like to see what people say with other networks such as ATT, possibly this device would be fantastic with Verizon or ATT.Update 7/13: I've been following the Android forums closely and apparently the call problems are impacting phones with the latest versions of Kit Kat across multiple carriers including the dialer app service needing to be restarted or calls fail to the "call ended" msg.  Not everyone is affected but its certainly a percentage of the devices experiencing the behavior I had.  The Issues started for me after the 4.4 update, I plan to order a customized version from Motorola and test with the stock OS, if it works I will disable the updates on the phone and use it in stock mode.  If the issue is with the software and not hardware then Motorola cant be faulted for that.  Also I found that the problems impact the Google Nexus phones as well once they have been updated.  Google needs to get on top of these issues and fully test their updates before releasing them.  I will post again after I test my stock device and if the results are different then that may be the temp solution until a patched OS is released.

Excellent phone. The best phone I ever had.

Moto X - like Nexus 5 but with better camera (even the smaller screen with lower resolution isn't noticeable because it is such a great Android Smart Phone).5 Stars to the Vender (based on TX) for getting the Moto X shipped out via FedEx Ground so quickly  - do I care if the cable / plug is white? No because I can see that in the dark (grins) ....

The phone is exactly what is advertised. I am enjoying this nice gift. I like the hand size of my phone. I choose this phone over all iPhones. Thank you Motorola.

it was 399dolars now almost 600? r u crazy? what happened? it's crazy almost 200$ in a day.. i was going to purchase but now ....

Display sometime disappears. No button press would bring the display back. Only after a few retries it would be back.Voice quality is not good.However, it is a very sleek and light weght.

There's no replacement for displacement.  That adage applies to phones as well.  I got the Moto X based on the battery hype and it disappoints.  All the little tricks they put into the X are great but at the end of the day 2200 mAh paired with a 4.7 inch screen (doesn't matter what kind) isn't going to result in great battery life.  To me it feels like 1 minute of screen time is equaling 1% of battery.  Unacceptable.  To be completely forthcoming I'm a heavy user with often between 1 and 2 hours of screen time per day.  If you're like me, a heavy user and on T-Mobile your current best option for great battery life is the LG G2.  I should also note, I purchased the phone from Motorola directly.Update 3/20/2014 - I've been getting a lot of wakelocks lately.  Nothing is worth then picking up a hot phone with no battery life left.Update 4/6/2014 - More wakelocks.  I'm downgrading accordingly.

I have had this phone since it came out and have loved it. Having a phone without any bloatware is really nice.Pros:Perfect SizeGreat Button LayoutInternals are greatGood BatteryCons:Camera isn't greatSpeakers are ok

This phone is so much better than the DiePhone it replaced.  Looking forward to the Moto X1.  No more I regrets for me.  It may be time to BurrySiri.  The voice recognition actually works!  And the product is assembled in the USA.  Great phone, excellent seller, can't beat the quality/price and not built in China!

I got my Moto X as a replacement for my Galaxy S3 and I Absolutely adore it! No issues, really.  I love that it gets updated (the camera just got updated a couple days ago). The clarity is amazing on screen & when taking pictures (sometimes ridiculous hd because you can see EVERYTHING... I MEAN EVERY LITTLE THING). Best of luck to those of you purchasing the Moto X. You'll love it like I love mine. No regrets.  Definitely recommended.

Responds really fast, battery lasts almost two days, voice controls are great, I dropped it on the floor a few times (including concrete, hardwood, etc...) and not a single scratch (while my Samsung phone broke after a 3 feet fall on carpet). I can make calls in places where my Samsung phone had no connection at all

Great phone.

This seller is a total scammer. Sell &#8203;&#8203;Used Moto X smartphones without any original accessory, the box is not authenticated, the charger is old, the data cable is not the authentic nor headphones. Sell &#8203;&#8203;Moto X with dents in the casing, scratches and dirty. What a disappointment. Please amazon.com should take action on the case, as this risks his reputation to have providers of this type, as irresponsible and shameless, rob individuals selling used with announcement of new products. Scammers do not buy this preducto this store. They should be prosecuted.

This phone rocks.  From the quick display, ease of use.  Camera ready at just a flick of the wrist.  Voice searching without even touching the phone.  Excellent.  Love Android!

One of the best, latest software and latest technology phone which comes in budget price. This 4.4.2 Android phone which is very much faster, nice touch screen and more over this phone is different from other phone for Moto Assist app. Moto X responds to your voice, without you having to touch it this is very nice. Battery backup is ~18 hrs with Facebook, Skype and some other application like live news update etc. I have been using for 2 weeks I have never see any hang crash or any kind of issue. Camera photo quality is need improvement. Over all best Android phone with compare to price.

So far this phone is nice and works well. I did not received the unlocked version but what I got was the AT&T branded one.

Didn't by my phone from Amazon, but I love the Moto X and I wanted to find some where to write my thoughts about it.I was sick of my HTC One X freezing up and missing texts, so I took a chance on this one.  I love the flexibility of Android, but I also love the smooth way the iPhone works together with iOS.  This is the first Android phone built by Google, so I hoped that Android on the Moto X would have an iOS-on-iPhone smoothness to it.  So far I feel like I won the lottery with the chance I took--this thing is so smooth it's a pleasure to use!  I was afraid I would miss the bigger screen, but I don't.  I love that you can access the camera from sleep with a simple hand twist, and the always-listening hands free features are really cool and even more useful than I expected them to be.  For example, when I get in my Bluetooth-enabled car, I can say out loud &#34;Ok Google, now call [whoever from my address book]&#34; and make a truly hands free phone call--with my phone never leaving my pocket or having to even use the blue tooth controls on the car!  Plus I love the subtle notifications, and that you can see your notifications (emails, texts, news breaks, sports scores, or whatever) without having to wake up the phone.  I mentioned the simple wrist twist that activates the camera, but I also love the one-finger zoom in and out feature and that you take the picture by touching anywhere on the screen instead of having to contort your hand in an awkward way to reach a fixed button. I hope this phone will catch on, because I'd hate for it to die because of low sales and give Google any reason to not continue to support this awesome line!

I was crazy about this phone before I was able to buy it and it really is amazing, the touchless controls are really easy to use and it's one of the features I use the most of the phone. The phone itself works really good, I haven't seen lag while using it, it's pretty fast to browse and I'm pretty satisfied with the purchase on a &#34;specs&#34; matter.I highly recommend this phone to everyone, Active display, Touchless controls and the Camera shake to start are unique features on the market right now (which don't drain the battery at all).100% happy with this purchase (a month use, I honestly would miss a lot of things if I change my phone in 2014, which I don't think I will considering the phone I have)

I just received my unit shipped from "Mango Wireless".  It is AT&T; branded, and appears as if the box has been opened (although the screen cover was still intact and all parts were present, maybe the last purchaser returned it for the same reason).  Amazon's return service is great, and they're one day shipping me a replacement.  Will update review when I get the new unit.Update:  New unit from Cell Surfers has the same issue.  Will be ordering the one sold by Amazon for a replacement.

I have ordered full white phone, but I recieve phone with black back cover. But it looks good too, even this is not what i want :)

I am an IT professional and have always had a passion for technology, and this phone is hands-down the best device I have ever had the pleasure of using. Everything in the design just clicks - the separate processor for handling voice commands, the ease of checking notifications with Active Display, the closeness to pure Android with just a few enhancements. I have been using smartphones for nearly a decade, and I have never found a device that gives such a seamless experience (and this includes iPhones ranging from the original to the 5). Well done, Motorola.

This mobile phone seems to address many of mine and probably most of other users expectations regarding functionality and user friendliness.  It seems to me that Motorola/Google did a deep research on previous Android functionality issues and solved most of them, The processor is fast, the operating system reliable and its innovations are easy to grasp and become familiar with.  The only remaining issue in my opiinion is its 16 GB RAM limit.  Despite of that, I recommend this cel phone.

I bought it refurbished and it was only a little over two hundred dollrs.I'd like to make it simple.I get 5+ screen time on battery life. It's very smooth.Screen is nice but if you are planning on using during sunny day, it's not that well visible.

Perfect phone! Amazing! Fast response,long batery duration time, beautiful display! The active display let me forget to unlock by pressing power button.Wonderful touchless control! Hope android 5.0 upgrade!

Now to be clear on hire much I love this thing, I am using it type right now. It is just great, super fast, the screen is just beautiful, and the tickles control is ridiculously awesome! Seriously, there is no debate that this is really cool! Just buy one!

Most useful features available on a smartphone as of today.  I never thought that I was able to have a big screen on a small phone.  Sounds contradictory, but you will see what I mean once you hold it.

I specifically chose to purchase this phone because I liked the sound of several of the unique features, and I do not regret the purchase. The things I love:- The blinking time and alerts feature. You wouldn't think it would seem like a big deal to have to push the button to un-sleep the screen, but being able to glance at the phone like a watch is very nice.- The voice recognition feature. I find the actual voice recognition to be quite good - it rarely misinterprets what I say. The only frustrating part about it is that sometimes it just doesn't do what I tell it to do, I'll wake it up and give it a command and it'll just kind of stare at me slack-jawed, to the extent that a phone can do such a thing. Trying to get it to start up navigation to a certain address seems to be particularly problematic. But other times, I can command &#34;Ok Google, navigate to 123 Main Street!&#34; and it'll be off to the races.- Battery life is very good and it charges lightning fast.I consider all of the above to be major pros. I have a bunch of little minor cons which are just quibbles about user interface. There is only one major con: the camera. I may be spoiled, but I'm used to using the Samsung Galaxy S4 or a family member's iPhone. Either one of those cameras GREATLY outperforms the one in this phone. I am no camera pro, but I enjoy using my phone's camera a lot, and take a lot of memento and shared photos with it. I am amateur at photography and for an actual camera I use a SONY NEX model. If you like taking photos and want high quality, this might not be the phone for you. I just find its ability to deal with light very lacking - not just low light situations, but even situations like light sources coming in from the side and so forth, and many of the photos appear slightly blurred or overexposed to me. Galaxy S4 took lovely photos - almost like what I'd expect for a regular trusty little point and shoot style camera rather than a camera phone. Anyway, that's my gripe and I wanted to share it in case others find it useful.By the way, this phone uses a standard mini USB charger style - same one as my Amazon Kindle and my Galaxy S4, which is extremely handy (and you know you'd never have this happen with an iPhone). I bought the Bear Motion case for it here in a snazzy green, it's sort of a textured surface case and it's very neat and has held up better than I'd have expected. I've used this phone for about 4 months.

This is definitely the best phone that I've ever owned. It is a lot better than any of the iphones or the galxies. It is simple, the graphic is amazing and it just simply great. I love the design and all the features. The only drawback would be the camera, but for its price, this is just amazing.

This has to be 1 of the worst cells I have ever purchased, way to many dumb things to even mention. Don't waste your money trust me.

I am loving the Moto X. My prior device was an HTC Rezound. When comparing this to the Rezound the size of the Moto X is barely bigger. Which is quite amazing saying that it is about 0.5&#34; bigger screen size. The size of the phone and screen are just right for me. I can still one hand it instead of having to hold it with two hands like the Note 3. I was thinking that since it was curved that it would feel rather empty when touching the screen. Because of the stacked battery it is actually does feel solid and is evenly distributed weight.The active display replaces any LED that you may be use to. Looking back the LED light notifications seem so outdated in comparison. The battery drain is very minimal thanks to the technology behind AMOLED. It is nice to see the time at a glance. One think I noticed is that the active display often activates when it detects a certain level of motion. While this is a 720p screen it still is rather hard to tell the difference between this and 1080p unless they are side by side.The speakers are actually decent. Started up YouTube and even the ads sounded a whole lot better. Very clear and loud; would love to see how it stands up against the HTC One or SG4.The one thing that is really lacking is the camera. At first I thought is was just me but in low photo quality is poor. They appear &#34;soft&#34; (for a lack of a better term) and the color is not great. Try to take a picture of a Christmas tree at night and you get a washed out color. In day time the photos are much better, but still not the best when compared to S4 or HTC one. The Auto HDR feature is a hit or miss. Sometimes it works yet other times I find that the color for one certain color to be off.The shake to open camera is rather nice feature. Some complain that it doesn't open all the time. I find that if you at least turn the phone 180 no matter how slow you go (within &#60; 1 second) it works every time.Touchless Controls make Google Now actually more usable. Before on occasion I would use it but found it way more hassle. Now I can just say to open app and it opens it. The one problem I have is that having a lock screen enabled it requires pushing in pin, pattern, etc. Which kind of defeats the whole purpose. If you have a Bluetooth enabled device that is trusted it does get you past the screen when you are in the car/on the go.Overall, I am pleased with this phone. It was overpriced on contract, but I think $99 or less fits in the reasonable for this phone. Has some coolr stand out features. For those that read the whole thing congratz! Have a Satoshi.For all others. TL;DR: bigger screen but smaller size. Active display useful and dose not drain much battery. Unnoticeable screen resolution unless compared to others. Camera is not the best, but what did we expect from Motorola.

the phone is just beautiful, well made, so black and so smooth, perfectly fit my handit works outside US with a foreign sim card, even has 4Gafter updating it has android 4.4.2

I have owned iPhone 4, 4s , 5 and 5 s . I have also owned GS4 and Nokia Lumia 1020. Finally I am found this phone and I loved it.

Phones took a full 2 weeks to ship fedex ground and another 4 days to arrive. Getting them to work was a test of patience and technical prowess. I would not  buy again unless you are network engineer without a job and have plenty of time on your hands to figure out technical problems. I am an engineer also and had serious difficulty getting one of the phones to connect to the cellular network. I got the $10 / mo plan for one phone and the $25 / mo for the other. the $25 worked out of the box, connected to my wifi and cellular but the $10 / mo plan phone would not. there is no live customer service or tech support of any kind. only help is self help where a computer list other post by frustrated customers and you read up on their frustrations and learn from it and solve your own problem. I wasted nearly a whole afternoon on trying to connect and finally gave up. wrote a complaint to the bbb and in the process discovered the company phone number. it was answered by probably their sole employee, who was also chief compliance officer. she asked for my email address and I told her to please escalate my self help help inquiry to some one who could help quickly. in about 2 hrs I got an email and after a few more emails back and forth and multiple reboots of the phone, it finally connected to the cellular network. I think Republic was hoping I would upgrade to the $25 plan since the other phone I ordered worked out of the box. in short I would not buy again. now that I am stuck with the moto x phones, (2 of them) I will give it a try and likely dump them on ebay. if there was an option for new customers to speak live to a person for just 10 min, the whole experience would have been so much better. I think this company has a great idea with fatally flawed execution. not likely to survive very long.

I bought the phone through Republic wireless.  They are different that most companies as they have software on the phone that routes your calls and SMS through Wi-Fi when it is available.  There plans range from $5 up to $40 a month for a full 4g plan.  The phone itself is $299 through their website.  As far as teh phone goes, it is great.  The curved back makes it fit in your hand better.  It is super fast compared to my old LG Optimus.  I have had the phone for about a week now and it hasn't frozen up or acted faulty in any way.  The voice recognition works great, better than Siri on my wife's iPad.  Motorolla has a lot of their own software built in to the phone but I have deactivated most of it.  The only downfall I have noticed is the battery life is a little disappointing.  With moderate use I run through about 80-90% of my battery through the day.  My older phone ran through about 50-60%.  If you look at Republic's site and are interested use this code to save $19 off your first month's bill [...]

Ok first off this is a Moto X that does work perfect, that being said there is no way this is a new phone. It has an ATT logo on the back and has ATT preloaded software on it. That should not be the case if this is a factory unlocked phone from Motorola. Also the accessories inside are not Motorola branded, just random POS earbuds, and USB cable. I did make sure I purchased this straight from Amazon instead of a 3rd party seller too. It is unlocked though as I put my Tmobile SIM card in it and it works. So in the end, yes it works and it's unlocked but this is not a 'new' phone :( Can't recommend this be bought from here because it's not what it's advertised as.UPDATE: 5/21/14 I called Amazon about the phone not being a new phone and they apologized and they cross shipped me another with overnight shipping at no extra cost. The new one I received is an actual brand new Moto X from Motorola with no carrier branding, just how it was supposed to be.

I love this phone. Everything about it seems just right. I think the form factor is better than any other phone I've tried. It feels great and fits easily in your hand, yet has a nice large screen. When you compare it to an i-phone, the overall dimensions are nearly identical yet the screen is so much larger.I also love the hands free control. Very helpful when driving. If you'd like, you can have it automatically detect when you are driving and have it read your incoming text messages to you. And it also tells you who is calling. You can pretty much communicate without having to touch the phone.You can also quickly launch the camera (even if the phone is off) by simply twisting the phone in your hand a few times. It sounds odd, but once you do it a few times you really appreciate it. It comes in handy when you want to capture a quick picture. Also once the camera app is open, you simply tap anywhere on the screen to take the picture. No need to hit a specific button. This makes taking pictures easier than any other phone or device.I also love that just by saying &#34;OK Google Now&#34; the phone wakes up and then I can ask it for information, set appointment, reminder, etc. It is pretty amazing how it only does it for my voice (you train it to recognize your voice when you set it up.)Overall this phone is fast, has a beautiful screen, easy to use, and has some unique features you can't get on any other phone.Oh, and if you purchase the customized version, you can pick out any color combination you'd like, making it the most unique phone available,

The phone is great.However, the package that this seller is sending as &#34;new&#34; is not what is described. It did not come with any of the Motorola branded cables. They charger it came with looked years old and as suspected it didn't even work. It didn't come with a sim removal tool either. This is not what is described in the listing.

Bought this for my wife and she loves the phone.  We had Spr*nt service before and went to AT&T for the better calling plan and coverage.  Very nice phone and didn't have to lock ourselves into a contract because we brought our own phone.

it's a nice and wonderful cellphone.yesterday updated Android 4.4.3.There is a small crack on the right side of the phone . customer service quickly solved the problem.

I come from the iPhone... I love the iPhone or should I say... I loved the iPhone.My iPhone 5 broke on me a while back and  like a guy that wants to know if the neighbors wife better than his own, I decided that I wanted to try an android phone.Since I come from an top tier Phone I went and bought the top tier... HTC one. That was a greatish experience and I kind of enjoyed it... but then I lost it somewhere (probably in a cab).Since my first Android experience with the HTC was somewhat good and I was sick of breaking or loosing 600$+ phones, I decided I would buy a middle of the road, not to pricey, ok phone.Then the Moto X came in the mail: Holy Crap! Snappy as hell, every thing I used to run on my high end phones runs just as smooth on this one. But that is not what makes this phone stand out.Stock Android + a few tweaks like the active display and touchless control sets this phone apart... More than that, it sets new standards, something that very very few phone have done in years.I could not go back to a phone that would have me press a button to display the time. Sound trivial.. maybe it is, but I'm lazy and you are to... you just don't know it yet.Touchless control is great... I love seeing the jealous eyes of iPhone owners when I say &#34;ok google now&#34; without touching it and the screen pops up.Other android phone makers should take notes here: Why invest money in designing a stupid custom baked layer of creamy OS crap on top of the already excellent Android (looking at you HTC and Samsung) . Vanilla Android is oh! so much better, lighter, cleaner, sleeker, snappier and simpler.You should not care about this phone specs:Get this phone!It is the proof that 700$ phones are overpriced and overrated.

Awesome Phone.... this is a great phone from Motorola

I've owned many phones and one of them is the HTC one. That was the best until the Moto X just came out. Google now owns Motorola and it shows with the fantastic software mods exclusively for the Moto x. The battery life is better than HTC one also but not by much.

A lot of promise, however most is not delivered.My company uses Google Apps. If you are on Google Apps then it seems you can't use Google Now on this phone. What!!!!!Also you cannot use NFC unlock or Bluetooth unlock. When you call Google support for Google Apps they tell you "it tird party, we not support". OK, wonderful.Also, the Touchless Control is just not ready for prime time. I really wanted this to work. Siri on my iPhone 5 with iOS 6 is better, sadly. I like a lot of the voice interface on Android better than iOS but a lot of it is worse. I wish the engineering teams would merge, LOL.I love the form factor. I love the design customization. I love the battery life. .ac WiFi. Very nice phone in many respects, but fails to deliver on what is most important to me right now.

The touchless control is very helpful; when I pick up my phone, it can magically wake up; the battery capacity is acceptable (I am a heavy user, and the battery life can still last half a day).

The functionality, and features of this phone are generally working as expected. Have had no issues with it so far, system performance has been fine.Have not yet really tested out it's ability to the maximum yet, but has been good so far.

I'm someone who is not easily impressed by phones. I've been using Android since 2.1 and have had over 10 Android phones to date. The problem with Android up to this year was the fact that it wasn't as stable and smooth as it should have been. A lot of that is caused by manufacturers' custom UI's, which is why before I bought this phone, the Galaxy Nexus running stock Android was the phone I kept coming back to. The Moto X has taken what I loved about the Galaxy Nexus (stock Android, comfortable hardware, Amoled screen) and made it 50 times better. For starters, this is hands down the best made non-metal phone on the market. How Motorola packed a 4.7" screen into a chassis this tight and petite is a mystery to me. They should be investigated for witchcraft. The screen, while only 720p, looks incredible. I held it next to my roommate's HTC One, and I could barely tell the difference in resolution. Everything looks vibrant and sharp. The ULTRA small side bezels are also a great factor.This phone seems to be getting a lot of bad rep by ignorant internet people for only having a dual-core processor in a day and age in which quad-core are becoming standard in this price bracket. Power is not an issue with this phone. Stock Android runs very light and I will very VERY rarely get a small hiccup (the most common are when I press the lock twice rapidly; the screen takes an extra second or two to come alive and reveal its beauty). It has 2 additional cores for contextual computing and language processing, so it's not your traditional dual-core phone. It's very powerful and requires less energy to run, improving battery life. If you have a problem with performance from this phone, you're doing too much for your own good. It's a beast. Active display is SUPER useful and is one of the coolest, most useful and innovative features in a smart phone to date. I honestly couldn't imagine using a smartphone without it now.The battery is also very good; it gets me through a full day's use with ease. My only gripes are that the camera's low-light performance isn't the greatest (which should be fixed in an upcoming software update) and that it only has 16gb of internal storage (I would assume to keep costs down).In short, amazing hardware, awesome software, and a beautiful screen add up to one awesome device. You' be remiss not to consider it. The fact that I've been using it for 2 months and am still perfectly happy and have absolutely no desire to ever change should be reason enough to buy it.

I really really love it. I'm from Philippines and use it with my local SIM card. I wish I could get 32G but 16G is only available in Amazon. In moto website the unlocked developer version is the better choice for me since it is 32G but they don't accept foreign credit cards. This is not available in my country yet or never will be.I love the touchless control. No other android device can do that. I know you can download third party apps for same function but it drains the battery like hell. With moto x separate chip for touchless control battery is not an issue. I love the active display. I need not to unlock the phone to check incoming messages or other notifications. It shows on the screen when I pull out the phone in my pocket or just get it from the table&#8230;.I was deciding between Nexus 5 and Moto X. Thoug N5 is beast on paper but the functionality of Moto X really works for me. I use it  all the time when I'm driving my car.... best phone in history&#8230;.

Got a branded phone, even though it wasnt mentioned that it will be ATT branded. Phone is great, works nice so far.

IT'S A PERFECT SIZE FOR ME, I DON'T LIKE BIG PHONE, THIS ONE IS MORE FLEXIBLE ON HAND! AND IT'S CHEAPPPP!!!

The battery isn't very good, but it is nice.

I have no idea what the previous reviewer was smoking when he claimed that the Moto X can't use Google Now.......WHAT!!! That is absolutely absurd!!!I don't know what phone he was looking at but of course you can use Google Now on this phone, and touchless control is awesome (much better than Siri).The phone is light, and feels great in the hand, personally I went with the Droid Maxx due to the massive battery life, this is personal preference of course as the Moto X can easily get you through the day.  And yes, I have test driven a Moto X, so I speak from experience.But honestly, if you are here looking for a cell phone, do yourself a favor and go to a service provider's brick and mortar store in your area and handle the phone first.You won't be disappointed with the Moto X, but as I said, please check the phone out, any phone for that matter, in person to make your individual decision.

First smart phone was a blackberry, then I got the original droid which was an AWESOME phone.  I then upgraded to the droid 4 and was disappointed to say the least.  Just went to verizon last week planning to get the droid max, however it was to big.  I picked up the moto x and it simply fit!  So I bought it and haven't looked back.I am not a heavy smart phone user, main use is email, text, pictures and some web use, videos etc..  That being said this phone is fast.. I know its "slower than the S4", but its plenty fast esp coming from a droid 4.  I have seen some reviews saying the camera is poor, but again compared to the droid 4 its fast and better quality pics.  So I'm thrilled with it.  I love how you can twist your wrist and the camera pops up without having to enter a pin.  No missing a picture because I was too slow!  At the end of the day my battery is typically still in the 70-80%.  Again I'm not on my phone all day long, but that is with fair use, so this battery would easily last a heavier user all day.  Oh and I can't forget the screen, its amazing.  Again I know the resolution is less than some phones out there, but I can't see how you can get any better than this, and playing with the phones at verizon this screen seemed the most crisp.  Coming off of always having a keyboard I was worried about typing on the screen but that hasn't been a big deal at all.  The screen typing is way better than the droid 4 and makes the experience nice.  Alot of reviews raved about the voice command feature on this phone, I've found that less useful than they seemed to, however its still a nice touch.In summary I'm so glad I went with this phone instead of the ones with the larger screens, bigger battery etc..Oh and I almost forgot, it flashes you the time and notifications when you pull it out of your pocket without having to "turn it on".  It saves so much time not having to punch in a pin to see if the email or text was important or can wait.

Great, my first android phone, so loving it. Easy to use good photo quality. Touch screen is good. Loving it.

Since it's my first 'smart phone', I'm finding it somewhat challenging  to figure out on my own!

It's a very good phone, it's fast and powerfull, but the typing is not as good as I expected. The iPhone is better when you are typing.

I love this product. Everything I imagine in my head is in this phone. I would be never switch to another one.

The Motorola X Phone is a fantastic phone. The almost stock Android on it runs absolutely smooth and the handset feels solid build (better than any Samsung and comparable to the iPhone). It also rests perfectly in the hand and I really like having a phone with a perfect size.I can really recommend it!

I have always been one of those people who never could understand the whole smartphone market.  I couldn't understand why the average person needs to be connected 24/7.  Especially with a phone that lasted maybe half a day or was to big to carry around.This phone though, is amazing in it's own right.  It doesn't have the best specs or the fanciest screen but, it is amazing in it's own right.  It has great battery life, runs everything I throw at it, it does everything well.Actually, almost everything.  I know it has been said before but, the camera does leave a lot to be desired.  It works well for it's purpose, taking a quick picture or maybe recording a movie of your kid but, for me it doesn't work.  Maybe I am picky, I thought I could live with it and got rid of my camera but, I just recently bought another camera because the one on this phone didn't live up to what I hoped it could do.  But, for the average person, maybe it will be good.This phone is though, built really tough.  I can't express that enough.  I have dropped it, stepped on it, spilt water on it and it still works great!  I am sure you could break it if you tried hard enough but, for the average drop, it has handled really well.  Especially when I see what has happened to my friends Samsung phones.  lolWith that being my only real complaint about this phone though, Motorolla has done a great job with this phone.  If you don't need the latest specs and care about someone just getting it done right, I would pick this phone.

I got this phone in March and had to send it in to Motorola beginning of April because I accidentally dropped it while walking my parents' crazy dog. I still have not received a replacement phone due to Motorola technicians needing to &#34;thoroughly inspect every like-new device shipped out from the facility&#34;. I do not understand why this process takes a month to perform but I honestly can't recommend this device due to this abysmal level of customer service. If I had an iPhone all it would take to get a replacement is a quick trip to the apple store, but with Motorola you're apparently expected to toil away in RMA purgatory before they'll grant you the privilege of using their phone

I just received my order of  Motorola Moto X - 16GB, Unlocked Phone - US Warranty - Black today. It is packaged in a random box and not a motorola box, with noname headset, no sim removal tool. I ordered an unlocked phone and on the back, it has the AT & T logo and when I turned it on, it has pre-installed AT & T software. I looks very much like a used phone and I'm not satisfied with this, I ordered a brand new and expect to receive a brand new phone.

We've had the Moto X for a week.  I have the white, the other family members have black.  One very distinct difference is the black ones have a grippy surface, the white doesn't and it is quite slippery, I have a case on order.  I had an HTC Desire and man it's so much heavier.  The weight doesn't bother me and it's such a difference I find it an odd thing to get used to.  The only other problem I have is that it doesn't have a charging light, short of downloading a battery screensaver I have to wake up the phone to see my battery status.  It's not a deal breaker but I've found the light to be nice to have when I had a phone with it.So, 2 minor cons:  no grippy surface and no charging light loses 1 star. All in all I really like the phone.  The 'touchless control' is great with quite a learning curve but it's still nice.

great phone love everything about it. super fast perfect size for me. well worth price. battery life is just great last forever

I've been using moto x for a couple of month and it's great.  I think unless you really want a phablet over 5 inch, there is no better android alternative in the market.I recommend not buying the wooden backs since they are heavier and more slippery than the plastic ones, and especially if you end up having a protection cover.Also, one issue I am not sure it's moto x's touch screen technology or Google stock android is that if you end up typing one hand you are gonna end up misspelling about 5-10% of the letters.  I've tried it, this won't happen on I phone.

I bought this cellphone for my wife. She loves it!

I bought this phone  a month back and I am more then happy. Best Android phone in its range. You can customize the phone, it is light , sleek. The size fits perfectly in your palm and your thumb can cover the whole screen, which is an issue with most of the &#34;BIG SCREEN&#34; phone these days.  The phone works great, no slow down, hang etc. Has a nice Battery backup, I play for more than 5 hours on my mobile and have never had to charge it during the day. The features like touchless control is also very nice to have.The customer support is great, ready to help you with any problems you have. I ordered my phone during the Thanks giving an due to the huge number of orders, it was delayed. I called the support and they shipped it with ONE day shipping at no cost. I had another issue with my screen, got some scratches and they replaced it right away. What more to expect.A must buy if you are looking for a smart phone in this range.

I totally love this phone. My last one wouldn't do updates this one does! It also works in stores in back walmart unlike my last one !  thank you so much !

First off, I am a heavy phone user coming from a Nexus 4. I travel all over the US and rely on whatever phone I have for navigation, email, finding places to eat, finding hotels and so on. As previously stated in a few reviews, if you are not going to turn on GPS, location services, and let Google do what it wants to do you are severely limiting the potential of the phone. It will give you up to the minute traffic information. After about 2 weeks Google figured out where I like to get lunch. When I'm out of town and its about the time I usually go to lunch I get a Google Now card that tells me where some of my favorite places to eat are. If I'm working at my local office, I get traffic information about my commute home a little before its time for me to head home. Flight information shows up on Google Now cards. Now all up to date Android phones do this provided you let Google do its thing. The most important features, for me, are the Active Voice Controls and Active Display. Driving around and get a text. No texting and driving. Moto X speaks up and says you have a text from whoever and asks &#34;do you want to listen?&#34;. Say listen and the text is read to you. Want to text them back? Just say &#34;okay google now text ______&#34; speak the text and you're done. The active display feature is a huge time and battery saver. Until I got this phone I had no idea that these two feature were something I just couldn't live without. I can safely say that I would not buy another phone that didn't have these features. Battery life is absolutely great. All day long doing whatever I want no problems plenty of battery left when I go to bed. I will point out that I don't really watch video on a phone. I charge my phone at night so I have no idea how long it will go without a charge. It really is just a great phone. Its just the right size. Screen looks better than my Nexus 4 (this is obviously an opinion). It just does what I need a phone to do. My coworker has an Iphone 5S. Every time I use Google Now voice assistant he is in awe about the accurate and relevant information I get the first time I ask a question. To sum it up: the phone makes my life easier with no hassles. To me that's what technology is supposed to do. That's why I gave it 5 stars and that's why I recommend the phone to anyone who looking to upgrade their device.

I ordered the ATT unlocked Moto X model XT1058 from MyParana. I am a T-Mobile customer in the Dallas-FortWorth metroplex. The ATT-branded Moto X phone came in its original Motorola box with a wall charger, micro USB cable, SIM card tool and instruction manual. Here is a breakdown of my experience using the phone:- T-mobile 4G LTE, 4G and EDGE networks works on the phone in the areas I frequent. Looking forward to T-Mobile's expansion of their 1900Mhz infrastructure to support 4G/3G where 4G LTE is unavailable.- Wi-Fi setup and service works without any issue- Motorola Migrate failed to pair my old Android 2.3.7 phone with the Moto X. I used Google cloud services to transfer my old phone's contact and data to the Moto X- FM radio hardware is not installed on the Moto X. I only get internet radio on this phone- Moto Assist, Touchless Controls(Voice Commands) , Camera, phone calls are working great!- Apps installed without an issue and looks great on the 4.7 AMOLED screenThis is a great phone for the price. Just do due diligence on your phone carrier's network bands before you purchase the XT1058 for a non-ATT network.

so far so good, 3 weeks.

very good phone. the only thing i can complain is the camera. lack of consistency. others functions good. solid phone.

Do not buy this unlocked version.  You can get the Verizon Developer Edition with 32GB from Motorola for $649.  Or the 16GB version from Verizon for $199 (plus 30% off with coupon code verizon30).My review:OK, so you got this far to look at reviews.  I have had this phone for 4 days and think it is an excellent phone.  Some background; previous phones are Galaxy S3 and iPhone 4s.  I researched and looked in detail at the Galaxy S4, Droid Maxx, HTC One, iPhone 5s and LG G2.  I ended up with this phone because of the size and still has an excellent 4.7" display, the built quality and feel in the hand, excellent battery life, stock Android with some really useful add on features.After being very frustrated with the battery life and lag on the S3 I decided it was time to upgrade.  All the phones I mentioned are good phones.  They are all noticeable larger than the Moto X.  With the exception of the 5s which has a 4" screen which I feel is just too small.  The Moto X has better battery life than all but the Droid Maxx and LG G2.  I get a day and a half with average usage.  This varies for everyone.  The Verizon version of the G2 is not that good because they redesigned the rear buttons in order to put in wireless charging.  This along with the LG UI and not being sure how the LG will do in the market and provide timely updates removed it off my list.  And with my demand for a long battery life that eliminated all the others except the Droid Maxx.  The Maxx and X are very similar phones.  The Maxx does have the best battery life but it is larger and heavier with the 5" screen and extended battery.  If you are fine with that or prefer the larger screen that may be the way to go.  I felt the size and feel of the Moto X was better for me in comparison so I choose the Moto X.The negatives of the Moto X are that it is only available with 16GB at this time and it is sealed so you cannot add not add an SD card or change the battery.  The Maxx is also sealed but has 32GB.  This was not a deal breaker for me.  My plan was that if I was disappointed with the Moto X battery I would exchange (14 days) for the Maxx.  So far I have been very impressed with the battery life.  I have read some reviews that have complained about the call quality and the camera quality.  I have not had issues with either.  There is also an update to the camera software that will fix some of the issues that people complained about.  The call quality and speakerphone have been good for me.  It does have an excellent speaker.  Maybe not as good as the HTC One but plenty good.The additional features include the active notifications (screen blinks every 5 seconds to show notifications, Motorola Assist (detects when you are driving and changes settings accordingly), Motorola connect (you can see you calls and texts from your computer and respond), and hands free Google Now (you can access Google Now hands free and it will do various functions like calls, calendar events and Google searches).  You can read more about these functions on the various reviews of the Moto X and new Droids.Hope this was helpful and feel free to ask any questions.  Thx.An update (10-15-13):  Still very happy with phone and the battery has been great and it charges quickly.  I did notice that the screen can be difficult to see in sunlight.  The auto brightness does not adjust well when outside, you will need to go into setting and turn up the brightness.  Not a deal breaker for me.  I was also going to recommend the case I got from Amazon but it is no longer on Amazon.  It is nice if you want a very thin case with a good grip (Areser Ultra Thin Slim Fit Quicksand Hard Case + Free Stylus Pen for Moto X Phone (Sold by Areser Trade)).

Bought this one for my wife. Only reason I bought that it has all those customized options. Giving 3 star because of battery. My Samsung Galaxy S3 has the worst battery for any phone in the world. This phone will be in far 2nd position. Though much better battery life than Samsung Galaxy but worse than my wife's iphone 4s which I replaced with this one. But would recommend this over any Samsung Phone.

This really is a great phoneMet every expectation I had for a good priceAndroid's newest version is user friendly and google now is just something amazing!

This phone is just awesome! Touchless control and active display is wonderful ideas. Performance is on medium side. Overall is very good phone.

I bought this Phone last week and returned it back.It has the AT&T; symbol at the back and the screen has scratches.

Fast, works well, good design. Battery life gets me through at least a day of typical use with bright screen, and often 2 days.I had to cut down my existing micro-SIM card to fit inside but I managed to do that with a pen, a pair of scissors and a small piece of sandpaper.

Smart, smooth, bright, light, slim and intuitive. I had a  N8 till now and for the last 6 years.  But it doesn't have a memory card slot...

It's just great. Works perfectly in my 4G network outside the States. Great Quality, better than other more expensive phones.

Nice balance of firm and flexible materials.  Good grip.  While the on/off switch and volume control are covered (protected) and require a little extra effort, they are  perfectly functional.

Very smooth, easy to use. I bought it for $299. It is a good deal, I think. If you have enough money, don't hesitate!

Excellent phone, great in-hand feel. Now with KitKat too ...There are a lot of reviews available on the phone, so i won't bore you with repeating what is good and what is not.What i will tell you is that what Amazon wasn't able to answer me, nor it was available in the phone description, the carrier compatibility of the black version of the unlocked Moto X with warranty in US. I've called/chatted with Amazon support several times to figure out which model of Moto X i'm about to purchase and Amazon support couldn't tell me. Amazon doesn't have any idea what are they selling. The Amazon CSR's were telling me that i should talk to Motorola so i can figure out what i'm about to purchase. I've spoke to Motorola support and they couldn't tell me either ... Went back to Amazon support chat and the CSR spotted a note in the description of the phone that i didn't catch before, so here it is: "Please Note: This a U.S. Cellular device. You can however unlock this phone quite easily. It is brand new in the box." I'm thinking, i'm about to purchase an unlocked gsm phone that is for US Cellular?! Really?! I'm on AT&T;, but this spiked my curiosity, knowing that if i order this phone (knowing that is for US Cellular, as per that note in the phone description) and if i do not open it i can return it and get my money back. So, i've decided to purchase it (regardless the note telling me it won't work on ATT because is supposedly US Cellular device). When the phone arrived, i've called Motorola in hope that they would tell me based on the box markings (Seq #, IMEI, FCC ID and whatnot else) the LTE and WCDMA compatibility of the phone i just bought. Well, they couldn't ... They told me that they need a serial number and that is not on the box ... I needed to break the seal and turn on the phone so i can figure out if it will work on ATT or not. At this point i do not need Amazon and Motorola's help if i need to break the seal, i can just stuff the sim card in it and turn it on. Well, based on the FCC ID i guessed that what i've received was XT1053, which is T-Mobile's model, so i've decided to break the seal and turn it on (forget about Amazon and Motorola CSR's). I can inform you that what i've received is the model XT1053, unlocked and compatible with ATT LTE and WCDMA./Rant Off

If you don't need the customization or the free Chromecast available at motorolla website, then buy it here since Amazon prime rocks and this is a very nice phone.  No problems getting it onto AT&T.

Got AT&T logo and s/w. Will return it.

The benefit/cost ratio is very good.It is a nice android smartphone, good performance and, to my needs, much better than Iphones.
