
It is a great  phone for old people ,, I bought it for my mom , and she like it .

I loved the phone, it worked perfect in West Africa, one worked, the other didnt work, it will not charge. I was disappointed because I brought it as a gift and by the time I returned to the states to see if I could exchange it was past date.. Otherwise the one that worked was good. Amazon any help I can get with other?

Great product for the price.

This is not an excellent phone but it works. The phone is flimsy you cant keep opening the battery compartment if you don't want to loose the cover. You get what you pay for anyway.

cheap and good

Awesome cheap phone that has many functions and I have no complaints so far.  Light weight and easy to use.

It works for a phone and basic text, but could never get texting beyond basic tap mode into a predictive mode.  Also, it allows you to start entering characters in directory mode and then doesn't store anything. You always have to go into edit mode first.  Maybe I'm missing something.

Great product, it came as expected and worked great, im so happy with my new phone, it is so cheap and great.

Great Cellphone for use, very simple!!

Gave it to my nanna, just perfect for her. Not too many confusing things to do or learn and I love the flash light.

I brought the phone for my granddaughter she really like her phone but the only thing she wished her phone had games attached

VERY DIFFICULT TO FIND OUT TO USE FEATURES, IN SOME CASES NOT ABLE TO USE FEATURES,I WILL BE SENDING THIS BACKPLEASE GIVE ME THE PROCEDURES FOR RETURN

Great for what we paid for it.  Good price, nice looks easy to handle and compatible with my chip, etc etc

Can use this unlocked phone overseas such as Puerto Rico or the Carribean, Aruba or Curacao and just buy an inexpensive SIM card from a local carrier,do not have to pay excessve and outrageous roaming fees from ATT InternationalGreat as a second phone has all features for receiving text or calls, any questions about using the phone just calledcustomer service, excellent customer service answered all questions and did not have to wait on the phone for a live representativeto respond.The price, quality and service are excellent

This is a great and cheap phone! It works with any GSM provider, I test this phone in Venezuela with Movistar, Movilnet and Digitel, and works very well! Is a basic phone that have a camera with flash. Small and good materials. Recommend to everyone that wants a cheap a basic phone to use in places that are dangerous.

Excellent non-smartphone for the extra mobile lines. Dual SIM, speakerphone, camera with flash. Good quality and elegant design. Basic but functional.

Really, more of the operational specifications are specific to the SIM card, but I'll be honest, the hardware works great.

great

I bought this phone to use in Europe and it worked fine. It was so old school that it was a little annoying but for the price it was a great buy!

very good product! it takes 2 sim cards Simultaneosly! works great and the battery life its amazing !!

never recip  thi one address was bad go lost on the site location sing by some one on the site.

Kind of a hollow sound, people could not hear me.I would return it but too late. For $20 it is heading to women in distress. Not worth keeping.

This phone is reminiscent of my glory days with Cingular, where I'd have 5-6 dropped calls on any given commute.The highlight of my ownership of this phone was chucking it against my passenger door after it dropped my 500th call, and watching it shatter to a hundred pieces. I then pulled out my work phone, called the person back, and continued my conversation uninterrupted.

works like a champ,, this phone has got it going on .....nice simple phone easy to use has a lot going on

Phone is what you choose and what you get. I put in my TMobile and AT&T;, and international SIMs. Works great and is great because I can use two SIM cards at once. One might wonder who needs two SIMs, but thats what you will end up, if you are travelling overseas.Pros: Battery, Simple UseCons: None based on advertised.

I bought these phones because of the price. I was making a trip thru Mexico to Belize and back and wanted a phone that wouldn't bother me to much if I lost it. I had no problem with the phone and all features worked as advertised. It comes set up in Spanish but has a code to enter to change it to English, the Manuel comes in Spanish and English but is pretty basic.

works well. I used it all over Europe and never had a problem!

I never got it to work in Dubai and Kabul Afghanistan after buying SIM cards in each.  The phone's language was pre-set to Spanish.  I had to find someone in Kabul, Afghanistan who could read Spanish to set my phone to English. Try doing that. The printed instructions were microscopic and wholly inadequate.My mistake was not figuring it out at home before I left on my trip. I bought it because my Samsung Galaxy 3 doesn't have SIM card availability.  Live and learn.

It's a very good basic phone, works with both SIMs as same time; used as an emergency phone in my car.

Good product, recomended.

Great phone for the money , I just like to my American things ,So far so good

This ia a basic cell phone. I only use my phone to make a few calls.  I don't have a data plan and just have a basic prepaid plan. The phone was very easy to use, I charged it for the recommended 24 hours, inserted my sim, mirco sd card and and powered up the phone, was able to make a call with no problems.The user interface which others have complained about is very similar to every other phone I have had in the past uses,it was just a matter of exploring the menu to find the different features, it is pretty much intuitive.  I have had a few people complain about the call quality although I have been able to hear them without any problem, so I assume it is a problem with the microphone on my end.All in all, I am very pleased with the phone and the price.  The over all quality of materials is cheap, but then it is a cheap phone.If you are looking for a high quality phone then buy a higher priced phone.  I did not want to buy a used phone and have to worry about unlocking or passwords and I did not want to be stuck with one provider.  This phone allows me to switch to any GSM provider with out having to buy a new phone and it cost me less than most locked phones would have.The FM radio has been a pleasant surprise and connection to my pc was very easy just plug it in with the supplied USB cable and the driver were loaded automatically.  You can transfer music over to the phone this was as well as picturesBasically if you just need a phone with no frills, this is a good phone for you

This phone, while not what I would call &#34;smart&#34;, certainly eats battery as if it were. I'm lucky to get a day before needing a recharge. We probably use it for an average ten minutes daily voice, and receive 3-4 junk mail text messages from the pre-paid cell provider. We don't text.When the battery does run out, you need to recharge it for several hours, reboot it by pulling the battery out for 3-4 minutes and try turning it on. In other words, if you're not careful, you are disconnected for hours daily.

This is a very nice phone. Has all basic functions, its very useful and i purchased for an excellent price. Great!

Using this phone is not intuitively easy for folks from the US.  It appears that Europeans find it easier to use.

This phone works as specified: It is a quad-band unlocked GSM phone that appears to be compliant to international standards. However, when I went to the AT&T; store to get a SIM card for the phone, the SIM card they gave me did not work. A message read &#34;Invalid SIM.&#34;I went home and pulled an AT&T; SIM card out of a different, older AT&T; phone. This SIM card made the phone display &#34;AT&T;&#34; in place of &#34;Invalid SIM&#34;, so it worked. I then went to the AT&T; store, showed the customer service rep the SIM card that worked, and asked for another like it. Now, the phone works perfectly.I would give the call quality 4 out of 5 stars compared to an expensive smartphone (iPhone, Nexus 5), but it exceeded my expectations at this price point. I can hear another caller clearly, and the other caller can hear me clearly.Apparently, the phone can connect to Facebook, Twitter, and a couple other services via a menu labeled &#34;Blu Club&#34;. When I tried this, I got a message that says &#34;Insert SD card&#34;, since I didn't have one I didn't test these features. There's also a camera built in, which works without the SD card (although it probably can't store more than a few pictures without an SD card, since it would run out of memory).There is a &#34;keypad lock&#34; feature. This doesn't require you to enter a password, but rather just press two keys in sequence. It's not for security, it's to help prevent the phone from being activated in the pocket (I think).I bought this phone because I am going on a study abroad program and did not wish to take my expensive smartphone, which might not be compatible with local phone networks. With this cheap phone, I can use AT&T; anywhere in the world (except Japan), or I can buy a SIM card from a local carrier, and I won't feel bad if I lose or break the phone.I did not try the Bluetooth feature on this phone, although I did see a setting for it in the menu.Overall, I would recommend this as an inexpensive travel phone or backup phone.

finei

Used it traveling abroad.  Reception was excellent.  Voices were a little garbled not always clear.  Nonetheless, hard to complain for a new phone that does the job for only $18!

NICE PHONE

If you're looking for a very basic phone for a low price, then look no further; this is the phone for you. Although there are not many notable features, considering the price of this phone and also the fact that this phone is very simple, this phone is indeed good for simple use. I got this phone for calling and calling only. I do enjoy the fact that there is a radio. The phone itself also looks very aesthetically pleasing. All in all, purchase this phone only if you are looking for a phone to use for basic use and nothing else.

I give three star.has advantages and disadvantagesmaybe, if they want to buy another, would be better, is a matter of taste.

Small n affordable n very nice .

And Amazon should know where the phones work and not work they should do there homework before selling a product that would have been helpful .

Good for who just want to make voice call. It is worthy to mention that radio is awesome, you don't  need ear bud as antenna.

Easy to use, radio sound good, speaker is great, camera is good, oh charger can charge my smart phone too. no complaint great back up phone. the battery last long and so on and on

Just received it. It's very cute, perfect size and seems durable. I haven't used it yet because it must be charged 24 hours prior to using it. Can't wait though

Basic phone that got the job done. I had to buy a memory card because after you took one picture, there was no memory to take another one. It could only use a 2gb memory card, but it worked just great

Excellent computer. All good on the purchase and shipping ... Recommended

Had problems with the phone.  I used blu before and found it satisfactory but this one is crap

I like cheap phones. I was using the BLU Jenny for the last year, and it worked fine. The Zoey is pretty much the same but has an earphone jack, which the Jenny does not.Both are Dual SIM and quad band, which makes them perfect for use when traveling - just get a cheap local SIM and you're good to go. And if you lose it or it gets stolen, you aren't out very much.This is a basic phone for voice calls and texting, not internet use. A feature I really like is an alarm clock that works even when the phone is turned off (and even has a snooze feature). This means there is extremely little battery drain. On the Zoey, you have to go into the Organizer Menu to find the Alarm clock menu, but once there it works fine. As others have said, the manual that comes with the phone is pathetic. You have to be willing to play around and experiment to figure out things like the alarm clock and flashlight. But it is all reasonably logical. Another thing I like about the phone is it is very small and light, easy to carry in front jeans pocket. If it matters to you, be aware it LOOKS cheap, like a toy.In the US, the cheapest pay-as-you-go plan I have found for voice and texting is lycamobile...what is nice is that the balance never expires. I bought $10 a year ago and am still working on it. Uses T-mobile network.The flashlight is useful. Just hold the center control button to turn on and off.The mp3 player function (which requires an SD card) works fine but is very basic. There is no obvious way to organize mp3s into folders or playlists...just one long alphabetical list. Transfer from a computer is simple but excruciatingly slow.

This new phone is cheaper than the popular T172 and 174. I think this phone may be better than the older ones.No question that this is a basis phone, for the $22 price tag. Do not expect the Android or iOS here. The phone works just fine. Just get used to it.The phone is very small, light and the battery lasts for a long time. The FM radio performs very well, a surprise to the person carrying the phone. MP3 players works fine too.Then the cons: default language in Spanish (for Mexican market). Had to figure out how to set to the right language. But the biggest complaint I have is the SD card slot. It is right near the core of the phone. There is no way that you can install the SD card into its slot. But I had to squeeze the SD card in anyway. So the metal bracket actually popped out. Now the SD card sits right into its slot, but the metal cover is loose. Surprised to see the SD card just works fine. All is good.This is a basis phone for some simple people and simple tasks. Good for school, overseas travel and seniors.... Also good for anyone who needs to carry a second phone, one for work and one for family.Update 7/16/2014.I've downgraded the rating from 5 to 1.My son put this phone in his bag and just found that the screen is broken. He was not sure why. But the screen is very fragile. I can't blame him. I gave him my 10-year old Cingular flip phone and it has worked very well.The only reason for me to purchase the phone is that, this is a non-smart phone. But I just feel that the $20 is wasted. The screen resolution is bad. Some features are hidden and not very useful. Battery is just so so, and does not long charge for very long. And the screen is fragile and broke easily.I won't buy it again.

only have it a short time but so far so good,  instructions not so good. Hard to read - should be more understandable

Phone had a constant buzzing and static noise which was really annoying. Every caller you call complained about the noise coming from this phone. I switched both SIM card options with different provider SIM cards and it did not make a difference.

Great as a FM Radio.  Has great sound for such a small unit.  But tried to get the phone to work with the Sim Card.  And it did not want to work.  But I do think it was durable.

OK for basic use to make phone calls, but could not get MMS to function on T-Mobile.  Emailed support from BLU was non-specific and did not help regarding MMS.  It recognized the full capacity of my microSD card and music player worked OK, but fairly primitive.

My expectations were not very big for this phone. I just wanted a very basic phone while in Paris to put a French sim in and make a few phone calls.  For that it was quite adequate.  Not the easiest to text with its small keyboard, but that worked too. I did not use any other feature on the phone

Its just a simple everyday phone, with radio and the fact that can work with 2 sims is simply beautiful. Its worth the price.

I'm surprised by the bright color,  small size, and light weight. I used a big smart phone before. When it's broken I decide to buy a basic phone and a tablet instead of buying a smart phone. This one is great,.

For $17, this is a great unlocked phone I use with H2O.  H2O is the best price service out there.  I can have a cell phone for $3.33/month.  I bought an 8GB microSD that gives me an mp3 player and it sounds great with my headphones.

Item reqires two SIM cards; carrier unable to activate.

For the price, the phone is amazing.That said, I only took a star off because I could never get the Social network part to work, even after an email to BLU customer service and T mobile. The phone says it works with 2g data. Maybe i am missing something?A few Cons: Like I said, the Social networking(it is advertised that you can access facebook) does not work, or is really hard to set up, I gave up on trying to set up the APN on it after calls to BLU and T mobile.Also, as others have mentioned, the UI could be a tad better, maybe more like a Nokia basic phone. But we are talking about a ~$20 phone.It has dual sim slot, which i only tested one at a time and it worked, I cant attest to 2 simultaneous sim's.SD card slot, which as other commentators said, you need one to save anything on this phone. I personally put in an old 64mb micro SD i found in my electronics bin. Worked great. Played MP3's, saves photos. ETC.Bluetooth works great for file transferring. It has FM radio, and a flashlight!! By the way calls and text messages work as they should. Very clear calling, I was impressed, and the battery life is awesome. I got the phone, it had about half the battery, I used it for 2 days, made about 8 calls and plugged it in still in the green.I hate to say this, as it may sound bad, but it is a great throwaway phone, or a phone that you would not mind loosing or dropping etc. as opposed to a $300+ smartphone.This is an excellent secondary phone, or a great main phone if you don't need any of the Internet capabilities of a smartphone. If this sounds like your needs, don't doubt in getting it.PS: Now if I could just get that data to work... If anyone has gotten the T mobile USA data to work on this phone please let me know.

Worked well when I tested it, but ultimately returned it in favor of the Jenny. The bigger screen and larger buttons were the deciding factors. The Jenny is only a couple of bucks more, but those two feature improvements make a huge difference.

SMS, Calls, long battery duration, flashlight, sound recorder, camera... dual sim... quadband... unlocked... for that price... also is very lightweight.

I ordered this phone for my trip to Sierra Leone, because I had a bad experience last year when I took my Samsung smartphone and spent a lot of money topping up the credit almost every single day, just because of the data running in the background.  Even after turning that feature off, it was still a problem. So this time, I decided to get a simple phone, and was pleasantly surprised at the superb performance of the BLU Zoey phone. I was also quite surprised that the flashlight on the phone was really bright, such that I did not need to carry a big flashlight in my bag like I usually do when I travel.  The battery life is amazing.  I used the phone a lot, but the battery never died on me, and it lasted for days without charging. I would most definitely recommend this phone to anyone travelling to places where there's frequent power outage and an unreliable Internet connection.  The only mistake I made was purchasing the white phone -- it gets dirty quite easily, so I recommend buying a different color.

Bought this for my father, who can barely use the regular functions on a flip-phone.  The phone is light and sleek, it feels somewhat cheap, but more importantly it is.  The ringer/speaker aren't very loud.  The operating system is very basic and the default screen looks a bit subpar, but for $20 I can't complain much at all.  Will have to see how long it lasts.

It is not even 3 months. Battery completely dead and phone not turning on.Will not recommend to anyone.Unfortunately it failed after my return window and no way to get it fixed.

Purchased this directly from Amazon for a 2 month trip to Europe.  Mine came with English as the default language so nothing to fiddle around with in that regard.  I strictly wanted something to allow calling back to the US and have others be able to contact me if need be.  I installed a Global SIM card good in over 200 countries.  No adjustments or tinkering was required.  In each country I used the phone, over 20 including Spain, Italy, Greece, France etc it locked onto a local provider and worked great.The phone is in no way fancy but does have good sound quality, a reasonably loud ringer and insanely good battery life.It will now go back in a drawer until my next international trip.If you want a phone for a similar purpose you will be pleased.  If you are looking for a GS5 or an iPhone then you need to be realistic and look elsewhere.

Amazing, sturdy two sim phone. Great for traveling

I bought three weeks ago and is already damaged. No battery charging is not recognized undad storage on the computer. This product is really bad

i purchased this phone for my mom who doesn't like touch screen phones,but when i received it ,i was unhappy with it:1 st- you have to be very careful when you wanna take the back cover,its very thin and its easy to break....2 nd- the memory for this phone holds one picture,means there is no memory space,so you definitely need a memory card for it....other than these remarks every thing is fine,the price is good

[updated]I purchased this (BLU ZOEY T176 Quadband unlocked dual-SIM) from 24hrsDeals. I've had it for just a few days.As a simple voice phone, this is great. It's inexpensive, small, light, and great for travel. As a "feature" phone, or for anything beyond voice, it's got some rough spots.First, a few frequently asked questions:- It takes 1 or 2 full-sized (normal) SIMs- It takes a microSD card up to 32 GB- It comes with an international (100-220 V, 50/60 Hz) USB charger (detachable standard-to-microUSB cable)- It has a removable/replaceable battery (brick type)- Mine came with the option of Spanish, Portugese, or English, defaulting to Spanish- It has a microUSB port and a standard (3.5 mm) headphone port.- It has a keyboard, but no other external controls, including no volume control buttons.(In-call volume control is the keyboard up/down control)Quirks:- The user manual is virtually useless (4 1/2 pages of 4-point type largely listing the menus), and the menus are awkward. Finding things can be a challenge. The status icons at the top of the screen are completely unexplained. There's still one that is a complete mystery to me.- First challenge was figuring out how to change it to English:Menu (left top button)Settings (gear and tool icon)Phone settings (3rd in the list)Language (second in the list)- I have a T-Mobile (US) SIM, and it connected fine. However, with only 1 SIM card, it will display "Insert SIM" on the main screen at all times.- The voicemail and SMSC numbers were set up correctly automatically when I inserted the SIM, but I was unable to send SMS messages. Neither the seller nor the manufacturer were of any help, but the problem was ultimately resolved with an updated SIM card.- MMS may or may not work, but even if you have the correct values for your carrier, the menus on the phone for entering this information bear no resemblance to the way the information is typically specified.- The music player works - if you're happy with only a giant list of individual tracks and have no interest in seeing your library organized by albums, artists, genres, etc., or playing music that way.- Setting the date format for the phone does not appear to have any effect on the date display on the main screen.FM radio seems to work fine (once you find it).I have not yet tried the Bluetooth or "Social networking" functions, but really have no interest in the latter anyway.

all the cell phones have to adapt to the people and these cellphone fullfill all what some people need, I mean not to much tecnology

This phone performs exactly as described, no more. At this low price, you can't pretend it works like a smartphone...

its fine for a price

Despite the low price and generous feature list, there are some fundamental problems with this phone. The biggest problem is that the UI is terrible and the menus are poorly designed. The manual is virtually non-existent and doesn't explain most functions, even ones that are quite basic. The input button in the middle of the directional keypad doesn't seem to work in most contexts, and the softkeys have to be used (sometimes the button does work, however, which makes using the phone hugely frustrating and an exercise in trial and error). Attempting to input text in the auto-capitalization mode results in all-caps. Reading a text message requires multiple button presses as you navigate the menu. It isn't clear which of the two SIMs text messages are associated with. The phone can only store 50 text messages. Attempting to use the key-guard feature to prevent butt-dialing results in the message "Press Unlock and then * key": the phone does not have an "Unlock" button, however, and no key combination can be used to unlock it, so you must reboot. Attempting to use the password feature to lock your phone will only protect your phone if you turn it off: the password prompt only appears when you reboot, and not when you wake it from standby.Pros:- both SIM cards and both networks can be active at the same time (this seems to be a problem with some other phones)- has a camera, however basic- MP3 player- FM radio- Bluetooth- standard micro-USB charging- cheapCons:- UI is horrendous: my 2003-era Nokia was better thought out and worked better- no physical volume buttons- no apparent way to change the volume during a call- despite Blu's claimed 24MB of internal memory, only 6kb is accessible: if you actually want to take any pictures at all, play any music, or save a ringtone you will need a micro-SD card- the 6kb of internal memory means that you will not be able to store many messages or phone contacts.UPDATE- It is possible to unlock the keypad. You have to press the middle of the directional keypad, followed by the * button. The problem is that it's fairly difficult to press this button, and there's no manual to tell you this is the required unlock key... and even when you do know it's difficult to press.- The key-lock feature only seems to work when the phone is at the home level. If you put the phone down while in any menu or feature, the phone will sleep but the keypad will not be locked.

Good for the price and I haven't received any complaints. It is simple but it does the job just being a simple cellphone.
