
The phone freezes up every 1 - 2 hours. The result is: Incoming phone calls go straight to voice mail, making calls is not possible. Called T-Mobile Tech Support. After 20 minutes of trouble shooting, I was told to take out the battery and put it back in. This actually did &#34;unfreeze&#34; the phone and I was advised to do this once a week to prevent that the phone would freeze up again. Well, the phone freezes up every 1 - 2 hours, which renders it useless. I will return the phone.

its a ok phone but pretty cheesy, i must say due to the fact that its made bu huamuwei sorry.

Look this phone is no iPhone or Galaxy, but it doesn't cost 600 bucks either.  Got mine for under $100 and it does everything I need it to do. Saved money! So what I'm not the coolest kid on the block with the coolest phone. For the price Im very happy

Suck fest. My partner hates this item, I don't use it, bought as a gift, but putting it out there.

Looking at the price of this compared to the big name smart phones, I was a bit apprehensive about buying it. So far I've been pleased with it. It recognized my old sim card, but it said that I wouldn't be able to use some of the features, like wi-fi calling, so I just used the sim card that came with the phone. Updating the sim card on my T-Mobile account was fast and easy.It does just about everything you need a smart phone to do, but there are a couple of downsides. There's no flash for the camera and the system RAM is on the lower side so you can't keep too many apps open or it will slowdown.Overall, this phone seems to give you the best bang for your buck. It's great for a first time user. If you're a heavy user or are just used to the blazing fast phones then you should be looking at something else.

In today`s day and age I need speed and accuracy when things need to get done.  Make a call right away without problems, or surf the web in a fast manner.  Texting is very useful when all the components work just right, and send the message.  I need to take pictures all the time, day and night and I want to be able to do this without  problems.  All these points and features play a big role in today's time.  They can be a matter of life and death.In contrast with the iPod or Samsung galaxy 2 , the prism II is very slow to search the web.  the Swype option works onky when it wants to, in addition, the text I write sometimes does not even appear in the search box.When it comes to making a call I need to take more steps to find my contacts or to go to call log.The camara does not come with a flash, this makes it difficult at night.I give the phone only 1 star for its' battery life which is very good.It is up to you if you want to deal with these issues or pay just a little bit more for the Samsung galaxy 2 or iPod 2, which are excellent phones when it comes to encountering the issues I have discussed.I believe that whatever you pay for it is what you get.

Got this for my 8 year old son. Great build quality he has dropped it several times no marks. It is a little sluggish but the calls sound good. Better price than the actual carrier store.

An Android phone for under $100 with no contract - who can complain.  It works well and I haven't had any problems installing apps and using them.  The only downside is speed but most of that is due to the 2G towers in VT.

This phone is nice, sturdy, not bad for a started android.  However, I've never seen the battery at 100%.  Other than that, no power issues, as opposed to the Concord, which I returned recently for a full refund.  I would give the prism four stars had the battery seemed to charge all the way to 100.

I will first attempt to give some background on the decision that lead me up to the purchase of this phone.  I am an unconventional smartphone user.  I am not the person who uses a smartphone as an umbilical cord and would wither up and die if I couldn't send a text every 10 seconds or miss a single post on facebook.  I actually use my Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 10.1 tablet for most things.  So at this point one might ask why I would look at a smart phone.  To put it simply, I wanted airtime free wi-fi calling.  We do not have a house phone and we end up using our regular basic cell phone voice service with Verizon, which of course charges you airtime regardless of where you call from.  Since a number of the calls my wife and I make are from home, I figured we could cut down our airtime usage and probably drop to a lower package if we could supplement with wifi calling.  Wifi calling just isn't really practical with a 10 inch tablet (although it is possible with some apps), hence I started looking into a cheap smartphone.The phone itself isn't anything special by the standards of say the Samsung Galaxy S4, Nexus 4, Moto X or the HTC One, but at least it isn't running some super outdated version of Android, like some of the sub-$100 phones out there.  Having at least Android 4.1 (earliest release of Jellybean), it keeps up with the times pretty well for most things.  It's 1GB of internal memory is too small though, so definitely make use of the 32GB micro SD slot (I purchased a class 10 micro sd card from amazon for a whopping $20, so it is a cheap and easy fix).  It has 1GB of RAM so it won't be breaking any records in processing but it is sufficient for the vast majority of apps.  The 3.5 inch screen is usable but coming from a 10 inch tablet is quite an adjustment.  The swype keyboard on this small screen is useless in anything but a horizontal configuration and even then sometimes you won't hit the right letter, character, etc.  I have pretty small fingers, so the small keyboard can get in the way until you get used to it. The keyboard rotation/screen rotation can lag at times, but that is usually when it is updating apps.  Battery life can drain quickly, but as I discovered you can greatly improve that by switching backgrounds and eliminating the shortcuts you don't use (the stock background is an energy pig, so I would switch to another one). It also only has 3G and not 4G, so for those who are glued to their phones and need the very best and latest in i-net performance, it will probably fall a bit short. The last real downside to this phone that I should mention is for the folks who are interested in rooting.  This phone has a locked boot loader, so it is very limited in what can be done in that department.  Thing is though most folks who are interested in rooting probably wouldn't be interested in this phone to begin with.  Just more of an FYI for those wondering.Although, it seems like thus far I have been pointing out it's short comings, overall the phone is very hard to beat for the price. You can get it for $90+tax at your local Wal-Mart and when you compare what you get with other non-smart phones for the money there is no comparison.  The T-Mobile Prism II is in fact a re-badged Huawei 8686. So for those who are looking for the true nitty gritty in technical specs that is the make and model you should look for.  Although not well known in the US market, Huawei is a well known manufacturer in China (where every smart phone, except the Motorola is made anyways).  The phone itself is great for simple browsing and downloading and using apps and the function is pretty smooth barring the occasional screen rotation lag (every device will have screen rotation lag at some point though).  The thing that I was pleasantly surprised with this phone was that even though the screen is small, it's actually not that bad for reading text based applications. The words are clear and legible, which coming from a 10 inch screen, I was really worried about.  For games it all depends on what you like playing and what you are used to.Okay, now as mentioned in the title this phone does hide a great little secret, which is a real boon to folks who want a smart phone but don't want to pay for a data plan.  As the T-Mobile Prism II (aka Huawei 8686) is usually associated with pre-paid users it is one of the select few phones that gives you the option to keep regular voice cell service and circumvent the need for paying for data service and just use it as a wi-fi device. Even though T-Mobile claims that the old phone's sim card will not work or won't work properly, I am here to tell you that is false.  I took my old sim card out of my voice only pre-paid flip phone and popped it in the Prism II and it worked fine (although occasionally you get a thing from T-Mobile stating that you need to activate a data plan).  So I load up the apps and browse when ever I am on wi-fi but still get to use it as a regular voice pre-paid cell phone on the go and can use a number of apps to boot.  While you can use any deactivated smart phone as a wi-fi device, it's really tough to find one that will work as an active voice/text only cell phone without having to be forced to purchase a data plan/or pre-paid data to boot.  The thing that helps make that possible with this model is that like the regular basic phones it uses a full size sim card (whereas most smart phones that are GSM use a micro sim card).  As such this phone is a perfect answer to those of us who are content to use wi-fi and don't want to be saddled with paying for data but want the convenience and features of a smart phone.  I also discovered that the Google Maps/GPS service will work as long as you upload the start and end point while on wi-fi and then leave the app open when you leave.  I tested this out on a 124 mile one way trip to the mountains on a route devoid of any cell/data service and it was spot on with our progress and gave us voice commands right on cue.  I use magic jack for airtime free wi-fi calls to the US and Canada and although it has the occasional glitch (just as any cell service does) it works really well.  For those who aren't aware the company Magic Jack did actually make a free wi-fi caller (although it is a beta version), as such you don't pay a thing for it unlike the regular house phone service that they provide.  The one thing is that Magic Jack is a battery hog and you will need to force stop the application when you are done using it to get it to shut down.  It doesn't cause any errors with the phone or the app though, just a minor inconvenience.  Couple these features with the ability to run games, text reader applications, surf the web on wi-fi, and get rid of shortcuts or completely get rid of annoying apps that you could care less about and the purchase of less than $100 makes it well worth it over having just a basic phone that makes calls.For the record I keep my pre-paid phone, even though I have regular service with Verizon as a backup phone, phone number to give to businesses (so they don't bug me on my regular personal phone) and because it is so cheap.  I spend a whopping $100 a year on my voice service.  Hard to shut it down given all the aforementioned when you get all that for the price of a Netflix instant watch subscription.

If you could turn a 56k connection into a processor, then I think this would be the product. The internet downloads fine when on Wifi and even on 3g but it will take this phone 30 seconds to load any app on it. This is the case for both my wife and I. We really hate this phone. It great cause it's a smart phone but it has the processor of a stupid phone. You will pull your hair out as it freezes during phone calls and texts because it's not built to handle the good graphics of the android OS. I've had it 4 months and ever since day 1 we noticed this. Time to get a samsung galaxy....

I purchased this thing it was an unlocked phone OH was I WRONG. It has been a head ache talking and associated with TMobile customer service reps. It would be a good phone for someone with new service but activating and starting this with a plan in use is not a good idea. It is sad that you have to go to the store and pay over $200 for a thirty dollar phone.

This is working out very well as an entry-level smart phone for my wife. It's not as good as my Nexus five or a Samsung galaxy, but for the price you can't beat it.

Before I purchased this phone I was still in the dark ages with touch phones, with this being the first. I am totally happy with the T-mobile Prism 2. I have seen I phones that don't work as fast as this unit. It looks great, It works really well and stores plenty of data. The only flaw i see is the battery life otherwise, a great phone and value!! Highly recommend!!

I don't have any experience with others so I can't compare it but so far this phone has served me well. It may not have tons of the fancy features that the high end phones have but certainly it provides just the basics. I used my iPod touch for a couple of years as a calculator other tasks when I was out. The Prism is an advantage over it.

let me start off by saying im a power user. i use my phone for everything. i purchased this phone as a temporary replacement for my LG optimus L9 which froze up on me after 7 months of hard use. im using the prism until the new one comes in the mail. this phone is roughly half the price as my optimus which is a wonderful deal....its just not whatn im used to. the screen on the prism is a full inch smaller and the resolution looks ok until u open up a web page then it looks like garbage. im big on pics and videos. the 3mp camera on the prism doesnt have a flash nor record in HD like the optimus does. both devices run a 1ghz processor. the only difference being this one is a single core and the optius runs a dual core. i could barely tell the difference both phones have a fairly speedy operation with the optimus being the snappier of the two. This isnt a 4G phone like the optimus. once i started downloading my apps i was pleasantly surprised to see this phone actually downloads quicker and plays youtube videos better than my 4G optimus. only 512mb of RAM though so multitasking should be kept to a minimum. Bottom line. for under $100 this phone does what it should...but if possible spend that extra 70 or 80 bucks and roll with the optimus L9. its bigger, thinner and records awesome vids in 1080P and with much better resolution

I have used this phone for only a week. Even if it does not have a front facing camera that is no problem. It ended up replacing my original blackberry that i had for years. Thats due the the sheer size of the screen alone. As a prepaid phone its been a great addition to my collection that i use as a mifi in my spare time. Keep or pick up this phone if you need a reliable and sturdy phone in order to make basic calls.

This was a gift for my mom. She wanted a smart phone but she was unfamiliar with the 'smartphone lifestOyle. It was a great intro to smartphone.  My mom love it.

T-Mobile has contracted with the Chinese manufacturer to make this entry-level smart phone. The Prism I had some glitches, but many have been corrected in the Prism II. If you are not interested in all the fancy gadgetry of iPhones this phone will meet most requirements.

Do not buy this phone..it was a total waste of money..after numerous trips to tmobile, i gave up...my son cldnt receive calls..switched sim card several times...tmobile store cldnt make it work..please dont waste ur money

Basic smart phone.  Ok for the most part.  Sometimes cannot make a call even though signal is good. Making calls to contacts is also awkward.

Bought this phone for my 11 year old and he loves it!  No problems so far.  He says it's easy to use and to text.  I would recommend this phone.

I liked this phone,,,,,, got yesterday....you can use any tmobile sim card ..dosent matter prepaid or postpaid......overall perfect for its price.....it comes with android jelly bean os

This is a great phone and easy to use.  I am not phone savvy at all but I am able to understand and work this phone easily. For the price you can't bet it.

It's perfect for my teenager. Also my elderly mother in law likes it. It's cheap so don't expect a great quality service or graphics.

Not a bad phone for the price. It comes with Android 4.1.1. here's my 2 cents about this phone.The Good: light weight, decent battery life. bright screen. MicroSD 32GB support, 480p resolution screen is clear.The Bad: Only has about 512MB of system ram so you must make sure you don't have too many things running in the background. You must remove battery before you can remove/insert MicroSD Card. Will not play back 720p Videos.Other: The Prism II seems to have a CPU that's about 15%-20% weaker than my Samsung Galaxy S Vibrant.Issue 1: When I'm listening to Music on the phone using standard headphones, & a call comes in, I have to disconnect the headphones to take the call because the phone "thinks" the headphones have a mic. I can hear the caller on the headphones, but the caller can't hear me. They really need to fix that. can't find any option to use the phones Mic while using Headphones during a call like I can with my Galaxy S2.Issue 2: When listening to Music, the phone on occasionally enters "Voice Dialing" mode. I installed WinAmp & the problem got better, & now only happens very rarely. Seems like there is an issue with the phone or it's software. I have contacted Huawei & informed them about this issue, hoping they can tell me whats causing it.Conclusion: This is the kinda phone you give to someone who's just getting their first Android Phone, or one you give to the Kids. Not for Power Users due to weak CPU, Lack of TV Output, or Low Resolution Screen. Plays Angry Birds just fine! You will have a great time on the s***ter!2 Stars removed.  1 for the Headphone Issue, 1 for the Voice Dialing issue.

This phone is not great. Sure you can play apps and stuff at first but then things happen. Pros: you can usually call and text, you can play most games ok. Cons: phone freezes a lot, have to tap things mulitiple times and wait awhile for them to work. It will say it has enough space but when you try and download something it always says not enough space. Sometimes won't let u call or text people. Won't let u watch videos sometimes. One time started randomly buzzing for about an hour. Lots of useless apps that it comes with. Toolbox doesn't work anymore. Screenshot doesn't work on most apps. Sometimes it says I have no service until I turn off wifi. Can't get into voicemail very often. Radio doesn't work. GPS is terrible. Takes forever to load things... (my friends iphone is like more than twice as fast). Sometimes it will randomly say that an app isn't working and can't do anything while it's there. A bunch of annoying widgets. Very complicated to move things to the sd card even a t-mobile employee had trouble. If u have more than half your storage full everything runs significantly slower. It will work well for about 1-3 months before these problems start piling on. I also have a friend who has the same phone and has similar problems. DONT BUY!!!!!!!

This phone is okay. The font is pretty small but other than that its pretty good. Calling is a bit wack at first but other than that its great.

I've had trouble with this phone since day one.  Drops calls when getting an incoming call. Calls go directly to voicemail although the phone is sitting right next to me on full volume, Screen does not fade so when you bring it up to your face and brush the phone with your cheek it hangs up. Dial someone it rings twice and disconnects.  Sometimes when it disconnects the call in mid sentence, you'll look at the screen like WTH and then some app is running that was never instructed to run.Update....I exchanged this phone for another figuring it was defective but am having the same issue with the second phone. Most frustrating is when it drops a call to let an incoming call through. I'm going back to get a completely different phone.

this a great phone works correct in all things only thing amazon sales it at a high price this phone is at target store for $69.99 brand new

I bought this phone November 1, 2013. In December it started acting slow I had to reset it to factory settings. Then in December it got slow again. In January the call volume was so low I had to always use the speaker setting to hear who I was talking to. In February it kept on getting slower & slower. Finally on February 5th I went to Verizon to get a free iPhone 4S. Shockingly I found out I could trade in my horrible Prisim II for a FREE $100 iPhone 5C. I would not suggest this phone to anyone. Thankfully I got a better deal in the end by trading an $80 phone for a brand new $100 iPhone 5C. Don't waste your time or money with the Prisim II. Not everyone can afford a monthly plan due to deposits being so high. So I highly suggest to keep on researching for a better prepaid phone. Don't waste your time or money on this garbage.

I have owned this phone for about 6 months, and in my honest opinion, I wish i had found another phone. The phone freezes alot, Its storage captivity is less than desired. If you are looking for a simple android just to use for calling, and maybe one or 2 apps, then this is definately the phone for you, but if you're a main stream user, then i caution you to not end you're phone search here

I use a cell phone for a telephone only. It does that very well. It doesn't have the battery life I had with my little flip phone. I have to charge it daily, vs. three days with the flip phone.

Replaced my Nokia windows phone with this one, glad to be back on Android. If you're not an early adopter Alpha type that must have the latest 4G LTE XYZ phone, then this one will do just fine. Speedy, plenty of memory, durable, cheap.

I bought this phone for my spouse who never used a smart phone before. He loves it and understand the operations.

I'm actually very glad I bought this product. I was very concern based on other reviews but I was in need of a new phone & I love this product.

I don't understand how there's 3,4,5 stars on the review because this phone sucks.You would think since this phone came out this year it would perform well with jellybean 4.1.Man was I fooled I'm not about write full review about how badly this device sucks because the list to long but I can tell you this..DON'T PURCHASE THIS PHONE!!!

I bought this phone to replace my 9 year old dinosaur prepaid phone- It made me decide to change my prepaid  plan to one of tbe new T-mobile no contract plans- I am loving it so far-still learning the features-it is a nice size and seems really durable. It is fine for me and the price was right!

The phone looks good and is what I wanted, but it works until I or the incoming caller gets a couple of words out. I can hear them sometimes, but they cannot hear me. The same with the caller. It stays connected until one of us hangs up. During this time it has full bars. I even tried it with and without Wifi. I am taking it to by the dealer this morning to see if they know what the problem is otherwise I will be sending it back for replacement.

problems with the designated carrier service and terrible receptionalways dropping signal and for some reason it says t mobile but is running at&t; but was brand new??

I actaully haven't used this phone yet as it's a christmas gift but my daughter has one that I bought her last year and it's a good phone for someone who is just a new beginer at having a touch screen smart phone.

I brought the phone for my sister to use and once she learned how to use I she absolutely loved it

Prior to this I had the t mobile sparq slide phone which I loved(and got last September), but dropped it a few months ago and the crack on the screen got so enlarged that it interfered with me reading my texts, so since I needed a new phone I upgraded.  This phone is great.  Just insert your old SIM card and it is pretty self explanatory.  This is my first touch screen so it is amazing and exciting to me.  So many people who give this average or below average reviews seem to be phone elitists and snobs which bothers me. If some minute thing doesn't agree with their tastes they trash the phone-common people it's just a phone.  This day and age everyone is attached to their phone like it's one of their child.  I only use this for calling, texting, and listening to music.  I have internet access on it, of course, but have no need for that since I use my computer at home for that.Anyway I highly recommend this phone it is great.  The best part of this phone is it has voice activated text messaging.  So if you don't want to press the letter buttons while texting you just hit record say what you want to say and the phone translates what you said into a text message and you hit send.  It is great and is quite accurate in translating what you say into text. I highly recommend this phone, and try getting it off of e bay or walmart for the cheapest price.Btw if anyone knows how to transfer music, pictures, and videos from your pc to this phone using the t mobile usb cable let me know I am having trouble doing it for some reason and it is not working.  If you could provide your e mail in the response that would be great.  Just use your e mail without the at symbol as they do not allow that  just say for example your e mail is abcd at gmail dot come.  ill figure it out

This phone is good but sometimes it freezes. This phone is small and nice kind of like an iPhone. Sometimes when I want to type something in the keyboard won't pop up right away. Why waste your money on an iphone. You can download a lot of things very fast. It is such a nice phone, I really like it

i wanted a new cel phone like the way i just got screwed  i haven had enough time to trturn for a new one or used ond

This is my first smartphone and I love it. It's easy to operate and it's not too clunky. I recommend it for other smartphone virgins.

I needed a good phone to make calls with and text. This has clear calling and the text messages go through every time. The signal is always great, never have any problems. I don't really use it to go online very often, but I can, and that works alright. For the price, this is a good bridge phone. You can customize the wallpaper, and it has different screens like the more expensive phones. I love that there is no contract, and I don't have to worry about a monthly bill.

i used the sim card that came with the phone and after a short call with the numbers to tmobile, i was up and running.  this phone is so much faster than an android tablet i have.

i brought this phone for my 13 yr old son and he loves it. it does everything he wanted it for.the only thing he states it was missing was the option to take selfies with out turning the phonearound but other than that he loves it. the price was just right and with free shipping the phonewas actually cheaper than buying it directly from t mobile.com. couldn't go wrong with this one.

Note: You can purchase this smartphone - brand new - from WalMart for $50.Another Note: Any rating above three stars is mind-blowing to me.In moving from the Sprint network to T-Mobile, I found that my existing (and old) LG Optimus S wouldn't be supported. I set out to find the most affordable Android phone possible.This is surely the most affordable. You won't find it in any store and the staff at T-Mobile can never get it for you. Why should they? The low-end for T-Mobile phones in a store is about $150. They don't want you to resist an impulse-buy. Plus, what's in the store is more expensive for a reason: they aren't Prism II's.According to specs, this phone is technically better than my aforementioned, 2+ year old Optimus S. But that means nothing. With a minimum of Android apps installed (currently 600MB used / 570MB free), this thing crawls.In the mere week that I've been using it, I've routinely waited 6-8 seconds for gestures to be recognized and processed by the OS. Browsing through music via Google Play is an exercise in tech-hate. Gestures will 'wait in line' and then execute long after you've messed with the phone. As a result, you will jump too far forward/backward when cruising through tracks.I've watched all kinds of instructions become executed - very slowly - and fully a MINUTE after I unintentionally queued them up because nothing was happening. Also, various applications will fail with cryptic &#34;APP has been closed&#34; messages. All audio will stop for 5 seconds if you view Settings. Even using all the default apps, you'd think the thing would be better optimized.I'm a Google-using fiend and almost all the apps I've used (Plus, Play, Play Store, Hangouts, just to name a few off the top of my head) have closed unexpected at some point or another.This thing begs to be rooted, and I will not disappoint, even though I hate that stuff. I've read other reviews opining that this is a good phone to give to new smartphone users. Unless your intention is to drive your friends away, I would recommend the opposite: Stay far away.The Prism II is the platonic ideal of CHEAP. It feels cheap in the hand. The screen brightness is awful. I knew this wouldn't be a great purchase, given my circumstances, but had no idea just how flawed this device is. This thing is cheap for a reason and I'm pretty sure it has to do with substandard hardware.

For the low price this is a great phone , but it isn't a heavy use type phone . This is good for a gift to someone who isn't planning on downloading alot've apps or overusing it because the processor isn't too fast.P.S.  I'm upgrading to the Huawei Ascend Mate as soon as possible.

For a sub $100 phone, I'm impressed. I got this to use on a second line and didn't expect much since it's fairly inexpensive. I am used to high-end phones but keeping price in perspective, this little phone is nice!Pros:- Good price- Very smooth, not much lag- Screen isn't super high res, but it's bright and clear- Responsive touch screen (I never have to tap a selection twice, it always picks up on the first try)- WiFi calling (perfect for low reception areas that have WiFi)- Enough memory for basic apps; don't expect to download an entire library of games and videos, but everything I use fits on it no problem- MicroSD memory card slot to expand memory- Great call quality, speakerphone quality, and both cell + WiFi reception- Runs Android 4.1 Jelly BeanCons:- 3 megapixel fixed focus camera with no flash (don't expect to be a mobile photographer, but it's fine for quick shots)- 3.5&#34; screen is smallish, but keep in mind that's the same size as the iPhone 4/4S- Single-core processorAll in all, it's a great phone. Just remember you can't pay less than $100 for a phone and expect it to perform as well as a $500 phone. If you're after good call quality, touch screen, and a low price, this is the perfect phone.

Just bought this phone yesterday and it is my first touch screen phone. Till now I've always had clam shell type flip phones but got to the point where I wanted to be able to do some stuff like check email and messenger and google maps etc. I bought this phone on a whim and now see the big geek sites don't exactly give it rave reviews. I guess they're just used to all the bells and whistles you get with the I phone and the top tier phones like Samsung galaxy etc but those cost a bundle and this phone was under $100 and if you want a great starter smart phone that won't break the bank this is it.I've had no problems, can't say it's real intuitive though partly it is but it's just very different from the type menus and things you do on a non smart phone. But it's not been too hard at all and I'm 65 so I guess you can teach an old dog new tricks. I'm not a stranger to technology and get by ok on computers but this is definitely a new experience but I'm loving it. To me the phone is quick and responsive, the graphics are excellent and the 3mp camera does a fine job and there's all kinds of editing software to do different things with your pics once you've taken them.My big concern was being able to type texts on a touch screen as I was used to using predictive text (T-9) on my flip phone. But this phone comes with "Swype" a software program that lets you just drag your finger from the first letter of a word to the last and it automatically puts  your word in for you and it learns your words too! What could be better?The phone takes an SD memory card up to 32 GB which is awesome and since I was already on T-Mobile I just switched my sim card from my old phone to this one and was ready to go. I like the size of the phone , didn't want one of the bigh giant ones and this 3.5" screen is just fine for me . I've had no problems seeing the details or reading, it's much bigger than any thing I ever had on a flip phone.So while this may not be the phone for you if you're used to a Galaxy 3 or Apple I-phone etc I would definitely recommend it as a first touch screen phone or to anyone who wants all the basic functions of web, text and calling but doesn't have or want to spend a bundle or finance a phone. And the calls are crystal clear and loud by the way. My callers tell me I sound much better than I did on my Sony Ericsson flip phone and I hear them better as well.

Works just fine...just using up my pre-paid minuets before signing up for internet, etc.  I was told that I wouldloose all pre-paid minuetes if I signed up for a plan.

still learning how to us it

I need to wait more then a minute press down the button to turn on the phone it is ridicules

I got this phone for my daughter who wanted a touch phone. I could not spend much. So after doing some research I found the Prism II to be the best for my money. Does everything like other touch phones. Sound quality is good , connects to WiFi, user friendly.I may get one for myself. So far it has turn out to be a good phone for someone that uses it for calling, playing, listening to radio, surfing the internet. I would recommend it for everyday use its very good.

T-Mobile Prism II Prepaid Phone (T-Mobile do not buy

Not the biggest screen size in the world, but performs perfectly for a less expensive Android product. Worth the money.
