
Don't buy this phone, nor from this company. I ordered 3 for my family members and I and it was a huge mistake. First of all, the shipping took tooooo long when they told me it would take 4 days, even if you do have prime. The phones are defective and super SLOW. It's ridiculous how slow it is. If you are a buyer from the United States, stay away. The camera is green for some reason, and it constantly bothers me about the other sim card, as it has two sim card slots. Over all, I would rate the item 0/5, and customer service as 1/5. This phone is crap, don't buy it.

Actually, I don't know if I hate it because this phone, the one I ordered, was not the one I received. And, it was supposed to be new, but was scratched up.

I bought this phone with great excitement,but when i got it,i was truly disappointed.I would never suggest anybody to buy this phone.

I was not satisfied with the phone i bought it does  not work and i paid for'it brand new . I bought it for a family member and she can not receiveCalls or cant take videos or pics good Nd i really would like my money Back !  Like amazon i have had no problem with ay order or item i have purchased but im not happy and i probably wont order from amazon again !

I would have rated my purchase lower if there were an option for it. I got my order on time for the holidays but it didn't work. The phone I order was crap! It didn't read any Sim or memory card. When I notified the seller he sent one message and ignored my request for a solution, refund, or replacement!

did,nt like it at all i live in united state can,t get it to work here can,t ues on internet is there any way you can send me something else the i may can use here for the money that i sent to you please respone

awesome cell phone I love it dis was a great buy I would say to any one that's looking for a good phone at a low price this is the one for u it works just like the galaxy 4s the only thing u need to buy is a sd card for more memory but other then that the phone it self is awesome its cool

Becouse it was fitting my packet and I got what I need which I can't find it any where on online

wasted money, It comes with the internal memory full  and it is imposible to open any APP or download any , very bad phone

did you know this phone is considered a fake phone? I only had it 2 months and the charger splitters broke most likely because it was put together poorly. Now I cant even recycle this phone for chump change. wish you would of said its a fake phone in the description.

This product is for brother who lives oversea. I think he will love it. It looks nice to me. Thanks

Not a good phone, everything about it suck. the internet doesn't work you can't make calls on it and no voice mail. Just a bad phone all together. Don't buy!!!

It is really big, I have never thought it will be all that big. Is cool and arrived very quick. I am not the one using ,it is a gift to somebody .i will get back you if I get a report from it.

the phone is slow and locks up dont like it. Would advise someone to get this unless it was 4 g

cannot keep a charge

It is all in Chinese it down loads thangs. when ya which it to english and then shut it off and back on again it will be back in chinese. Still ant a big deal

okay so i paid money for the 2 day shipping and it took me a whole 8 days to receive it. when i got it i questioned why did it comes with two batteries and to answer my question is because they charge slowly. i had to go buy a bigger sd card cause i had a mini sd card in my Lg Optimus L9 phone, but anyways when the phone came on, it was running slow as ever. the apps keeps on force closing. i have been missing calls and text meaasges. it cuts off whenever it wants to, and the language is in Chinese. every time it turns off, the time and date changes. i literally only had this phone for about 8 hours and i want my money back!!!!!!............ this is a waste of time and a waste of money please do not buy

This phone is no good at all!!! The internet connection is terrible even on wifi! It's a piece of crap! I wouldn't recommend this for no one!! #VERYUNSATISFIEDCUSTOMER

because the screen went white what wrong with that picture they sold me a lemon i dontthink the phone was any good

The phone its too slow and it freezes a lot. It does not keep charge.

This phone is a disappointment. The &#34;supposed&#34; 3G is horrible, even after contacting my phone company, the screen cracked within four days of receiving, and on top of it all. in the middle of charging and using said phone it went completely blank. I tried recharging the spare battery that came with it, but nothing happened. As I heavily implied, this phone is awful.

I choose this phone, because of my dad.His wish was to have big phone like this. so thas why i choose to buy this phone. I like it so much ...and ma dad likes too.

The carma is very bad on the phone and it drop calls the volume doesn't work good with a Bluetooth at all either and the key broad always get locked

I am not getting good service for this phone. Using the apps is very difficult to use. The instruction book is so small, make for difficult reading and understanding.

Terrible. Had it a few days keeps freezing up can't use phone like i need to

As soon as I put a SIM card in it it started to act stupid so I had to send it back for a refund !!!!! Which I'm getting after the package to gets there -.-

Good for the price

I do NOT recommend this phone to anyone!! This phone force closes as well as hangs up. I wish I would've read the reviews before I purchased this phone. The battery life is HORRIBLE, the front camera is HORRIBLE, the overall experience with this phone is a headache. I absolutely hate this phone. It doesn't screen shot or anything. On top of all this I get pop-ups in Chinese and updates for something in Chinese that makes my phone go super slow. Also, there aren't any cases that fit this generic &#34;Samsung Galaxy S4&#34;. SO -PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE save your money!!!!

The phone even work why let people buy something that don't even work you suck china I want my money back!!!!

I rated this phone with one start because it is slow....the phone is from Hong Kong ..so when i search it pulls up things in Chinese.....the battery won't stay charged....This was a waste of my hard earned money!!! I had to purchase another phone...I should have just bought the galaxy 3 the phone that I wanted.....because I spent the same amount of money and still don't have the phone I wanted!!!

very disappointed....not satisfied...not what i expected...really want my money back...really was a waste of money...bad service...picture quaility is very poor

Phone stopped working after having it for a couple days. The batteries they sent wouldn't stay charged. Unfortunately I had to return the phone and get a full refund. Although I will say the phone looked just as it did in the pictures and appeared to be brand new.

For a back up phone its perfect and the price is perfect I love how you can chosse your color and how usefull it is!!

The worst phone ever, it turns off while making calls, it gets hot. Don't waste your money

I have had this phone for months now. I love it. And no the battery does not last only 1 hour. Maybe u got a bad battery. Which happens. In all electronics things happen. Even bad phones in general can get sent to u.

The phone didn't come with an instruction booklet. The YouTube video I watched didn't require inserting a SIM card for the phone to turn on, mine did. Otherwise - very happy.

Could not use, appears to be good phon but was not able to use , not unlocked amazon could not unlock, att could not unlock,stright talk could not unlock.

the phone is okay but i say it did not come as shown the way it looks in the picture another thing the phone is always crashing, facebook doesn't even work only for a short time and i can't find a proper case that will fit the phone because its too big and the internet is super slow even my wifi sucks with this phone. Sorry people i thought i'd like it but i wish it was a bit faster.

This is a great deal but a terrible phone.  It works great sometimes, but terrible at most of the time.  It hangs up on people constantly, people say you sound like you are talking in a tunnel, and the battery life if you have the Bluetooth and network on is all of about an hour.  And that's assuming you don't try to talk or search during that hour.  They do give you an extra battery, but its a pain to shut your phone off to replace it if your using it. I would recommend spending more money and getting a better phone.  Avoid Android brand, there tablets are bad too.

I dont really like it because it freezes up for no reason it turns off randomly and sometimes I dont get calls or text messages.

It is the slowest smart phone that I have ever seen. Almost impossible to use!!!!I really wonder if I will send it back. Hope it will be accepted.

The doesn't work at all. It freeze,shuts down, send wrong messages and call emergency several times. It's too slow. Definitely not a smart phone

battery sucks- phone seeems super cheap & the phone is super confusing. Dont waste your money. just go buy a phone at a nearby store or something

I was very hesitant when buying this phone but i liked the the style and it seemed to be fairly decent before i bought it. Since the first day i got this phone the typing was extremely slow i have to wait before pushing each letter. The phone screen sometimes turns black and them blinks back and forth from the home screen to a black screen. The charge does hold good for the phone, it can last two days but i think that's because i'm restricted from internet, which i don't like either. If it wasn't to late to get refunded and buy a phone from somewhere else, i would have already done it.

Unlocked Quadband Dual Sim Android 4.1 Os with 5 Inch Touch Screen Smart Phone - At&t, T-mobile, H20, Simple Mobile and Other GSM Networks (White) , It is great . Thank you so much . Hope it do business with you again .

This phone is nothing like I expected. It is constantly shutting off. When I make a phone call it disconnects me frim my call.

the phone was OK it looks like the 4 s but its notthe phone had speaker problemsit was ok for the price

Product damaged

Quadband Dual Sim Android 4.1 Os with 5 Inch Touch Screen my wife loving it  I brought this for her and she like it lots, this  is the best phone.

Look like the original. For Its cost is a great parchase. In adici&oacute;n is easy to use and funtion very Well.

phone was crap internet was slow phone described was nothing compared to what was told

when am making  calls it was making breaking sounds when am talking on the phone not clear, not happy about the phone.

I notice that my battery runs down really quickly (I guess that is why we got two of them) and it move a little slower than the other smart phones. The camera quality is not ideal either but it provides the necessary services that i needed for the price, so it OK.

So far so good

I Hated I bought this cell phone.. It's a hot mess do not buy it. U will not enjoy it . A waste of money!!!!!

This is fake.I finally end up getting a better type and a better deal from Walmart.Please screen your sellers. It's sad.

Okay so when I got this phone I loved it but after a week of ZERO signal I started hating it. I can't use any of my social networks and that's honestly pisses me off. Calls are crappy and text is slow. I tryed to return it but they said &#34;its a cheap phone and you can't expact much..&#34; so they just gave me 20$ for it and said to keep it. I ain't never been so mad. DONT WASTE YOUR TIMEh OR MONEY ON THIS CRAPPY PHONE. trust me if you buy it you're going to regret it.

For some reason I bought two of those. One is working good and the other one is not working properly and i had to return the socond one. I was told that this phone can not work properly without internet.I think it might be the reason why the other one was freezing all the time.So, if you are planning to buy this phone make sure you sign up for internet service ...

I choose this rating because the phone sucks. The camera is horrible and when view things on instagram or on a app the pictures look fuzzy. The phone always freezes !!. I'm really unhappy with this product. I would like my money back and I would not tell anybody to get this phone.

This phone did not meet my standards, I recently shipped the phone back. No one should get this phone its too slow and battery isn't good, it also freezes a lot

Horrible. It freezes and it's slow. I wasted my money.

I purchased this device the first one didn't work, then I was sent a replacement. It does not work with ATT, the only time I receive a signal to make or receive a phone call I have to be connected to wi-fi. I spent $95.00 for the device and $16.00 to return the first one I will have to take a loss. I know now to follow my first mind there are certain thing that should not be bought online.

I dont like the phone it runs slow and its cheap as soon as i got it a week later my back button stop working. All in all i dont like the phone

it is an amazing phone to everyone that disliked it idk what happened to your phone but mine is amazing the camara could be a little better but you get what you pay for i just had it for a day so i'm trying to figure it out i logve this phone

I ordered 2 phones but received one ..I want my other phone that I paid for....but I'm happy I got one

THIS PHONE SUCKS. DONT GET IT.. IT IS A WASTE OF TIME. I HATE THIS PHONE. WASTE OF MY MONEY!!!

Rarely do I rate anything I purchase on Amazon with a one star but I had to let the public know, THIS PHONE IS NOT WHAT IT SEEMS...most of us have a paranoid voice inside our heads that warns us about our network security now and then, well that voice starts speaking very loud with this one.PROS1.  It looks like a google android phone and its cheap, that's it!CONSWhat the phone aka PORTABLE CHINESE SURVEILLANCE VIRUS PHONE comes with.1.  The phone looks like a Google phone on first glance, buts its far from it.  The phone comes in Chinese Language and most applications you can get in the United States are BLOCKED on this phone.2.  The phone is not recognized by the usb port when you plug it in your computer, but your computer will never forget this phone, the software on this phone takes over in the BACKGROUND.3.  If you plug an SD card into this phone and take it out and plug the same sd card in a real Samsung Galaxy S III, verizon(your phone carrier) doesn't even recognize what kind of phone you have anymore.4.  The phone has a factory reset button, but DOESN'T I REPEAT DOES NOT RESET THE PHONE.  The phone keeps all the information you put on it, including passwords, etc...5.  The phone says it is an S4 on it with HD video, has neither and if you try watching a movie on the phone you see your reflection the entire time.6.  This phone is worth at most $5 to $15 dollars, $90 dollars is too much to pay for this phone.7.  Having to replace other hardware and software that this phone comes in contact with costs far more than the savings on this phone.My Opinion, coming from someone that studied Computer Science:THIS PHONE CARRIES WHAT I BELIEVE TO BE CHINESE SURVEILLANCE CODE THAT CAN MOVE TO YOUR OTHER DEVICES...BEWARE....I really don't think the seller should be allowed to sell this on Amazon.The phone carries a virus and takes over anything it comes in contact with, that includes:  Bluetooth, Wifi, USB connections.  If you bought this phone think about getting new everything, now.

it was suppose to support TMobile and the MMS never worked, couldnt send or recieve picssometimes during a call it would just shutdown and then the screen wouldnt be there.one of the batteries never charged. I tried to download Apps, then they NEVER opened.only had 2G, but mostly ran E... then to have No instructions for help. and no website for help.Ill go back to iphone.

Ok

I bought this phone for my sister and my brother Inlaw they love them,the price was great and the apps are very good for them.thank you

I enjoyed and like this phone will definitely recommend it to someone else, and IIT works great like I want it

The two batteries that came with it do not last for a day!  Moreover, most of its applications are blocked/nonfunctional, and it keeps freezing!

This product is with all due respect is a Garbage. I bought it for my cousin &#34;gift&#34; unfortunately it is a crap. Nothing on the phone seems to work properly, it delete contacts by itself, 90% of calls goes directly to voicemail, other side have a hard time hearing, too much background noise bla bla I wish she told me earlier I could have returned it. Anyway PLEASE sell products which work properly.

good provider, serious and responsible

I bought this phone for my personal use here in USA but my mom called and ask for it and i send it to her in Cameroon. She said the phone is working very well and in great condition. I like quadband.

Everytime I try to get on the internet r anything else it will blink off and take me back to the main screen. I waited for so long to get this phone and the first day I get it it does this. The camera is also not any good I should have listen to the comments

Battery lasts only 1/2 day if used often. Phone locks/crashes unpredictably. On line support very limited. Touch screen sometimes unresponsive.

This phone Is great If your just looking to call & txt and not really big on cell phones.The apps that came with the phone sometimes crash and take too long to load. Sometimes I can't see the txts I sent or the keyboard wont come up (on very rare occasions).. And i can't send or recieve picture messages. The camera both front and back isn't all that great and takes 5 photos with just one click. One of the batteries stopped working the first week and the phone sometimes restarts itself.

it looks great.. But there really is nothing else positive to say about it.. I'm trying to send it back, hopefully without any problems. Awful phone!!! DON'T BUY IT!!!!!

ITS A PIECE OF....... DONT REMEMBER PASSWORDS ON ANY APP, ALWAYS APPEAR ERROR MESSAGES ON SCREEN, HAVE A VERY SLOW INTERFAZ, CAMERA LOOKKS LIKE 0,1 MP, FLASH IS LIKE A LED DECORATION, PLEASE DONT BUY IT

ive had this phone for awhile. I only kept it to see if it would get better. its very slow. no 3G  and the batteries i were given dont work and the phone dies quickly and I would like my money back or a better phone!

THIS PHONE LOOKS PRETTY AMAZING BUT IS FAR FROM BEEN A PHONE. I HATE IT CRASHES AND DATA ASWELL AS TEXTS, CALL, AND ALL PERSONAL INFO MUST BE DELETED 20 MINUTES OF USE. DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS PHONE AT MOST THIS PHONE IS WORTH 10$ OR 15$ IN ADDITION ALL YOUR CONTACTS IF YOU INSTALL YOUR SIM CARD WILL BE DELETED AND ANY OTHER PHONE YOU INTALL YOUR SIM WON'T BE RECOGNICE. STAY SAFE STAY AWAY FROM THIS PHONE!!!

IT SUCKS CAMARA TAKES BLURRY PICTURES PHONE FREEZES ITS A JOKE YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR AND NOTHING ELSE.

The crap does not work and I need my money back. The phone does not recognize any discard that I put in it.

It works very well I love it...its very fun you can for a lot with thus phone it is so cool to have I really really love it

Horrible camera quality and the whole thing is cheap plastic not worth $100 i returned it as soon as i got it.

this is the worst phone ever like it always freezes and it never opens gallery it says &#34;no more space to draw images&#34;. like wtf who sells a phone that dont work.

I can't really complain because I knew what I was getting into by reading the other reviews of this phone. I was just surprised at how limiting the processor speed and memory capacity actually was. As a phone with a few simple apps, it will probably work nicely. If you can get a larger app from the Play Store to download in the limited space (even with a 4GB SD card installed) you will, depending upon the game, not really be able to engage if fully because of the slowness. (read 'crashes a lot'.)  On the positive side, this phone, with it's two sim card slots, is quite beautiful. Looks just like a Galaxy s4.  A very nice finish. Photos are fair to poor (use lots of light and forget the flash). Can you use it as a phone. Yes, with reservations. I did not put a sim card into it. Instead I used the Groove IP App that takes advantage Google Voice and made several free calls over the internet. Because Google will soon be discontinuing this service, I tried another App that also lets me use the internet but through my Ooma telephone service. This also worked nicely. Both apps let you use your contact list from Google to dial out. The downside of this for me is that incoming calls go either to Google Voice or to my home phone on Ooma. The best way to use this device as a phone is to purchase and use a sim card, provided the company you choose will let you connect at the 2G speed that this phone is limited too.

Waste a lot of batterie and the phone is super slow and even if I use wifi the phone still slow!!

hey this christine carty......firstly am very dissappointed in my phone you all send me a 2 chip phone which i didn't order and 2 batteries that aren't working properly......my phone takes about 8 hours to charge and it still not charging up to 100 percent....and even when my battery is about 65 percent the phone does just shut off on me just like that...... what can u all do to solve this problem because am very upset and not satisfy at all

Using the phone with StraightTalk is essentially an exercise in futility.  I have never been able to have browser, email, or Internet access set up, even with expert assistance.  Call quality is not good.  The phone often does not even recognize the SIM card. Pressing the icons is not consistent.  I am not even going to give the phone to one of the groups that provides 911 only phone to support groups because if it were ever needed the user could end up in serious problems.

Let the record state that I've never done a customer review before (neither positive or negative), even though I buy a lot of stuff online. This phone is SO horrible that I had to tell somebody. Typically if I buy something online and it's not what I want, I give it away or sell it to someone. The quality of the phone isn't good enough to do either. The only thing you can do on this phone is LITERALLY make/take calls, Send/recieve text messages, recieve pic messages (because you definitely can't send them). 2G dosesn't work at all. The only way that you can use any social networking apps is if you're around some wi-fi and even then all you can do is browse y our news feed. The phone wont let you interact with the app at all. Something as simple as &#34;liking&#34; a picture on Instagram isn't processed by this phone. Trying to access the web browser when wifi is around is impossible as well. There's never a connection to the internet. This is the worst purchase that I've EVER made. Hands down. You guys don't know me from a hole in the ground but heed my warning! Like I said, I never take the time to do these customer reviews but this time, it was a must.

Please please please stay away from these phones! I waited over 3 months to get the phones and when they actually got here they looked very nice and all so I thought that maybe the wait was worth it... but I was completely wrong. Its super slow and freezes all the time, it was impossible to make a simple call! I really don't mean to be mean but really its been the worst thing ever! Waste of time and money!

The spyware found on this phone can allow a hacker to steal personal data, place rogue calls, or turn on the phone's camera and microphone. Stolen information is sent to a server in China. - Source: G Data (German Internet Security Firm)There's a reason why they sell you the phone so cheaply. They're out to steal your data.

Well, I got the package on time. That's wasn't a problem. The problem was what was in the package, or I should say what wasn't in the package. When I got the package, I was supper happy. I rushed to open it only to find out that the phone wasn't in the box. Only the charger, headphones, and a flip cases and a phone battery. I was so mad at this point. I had high opens for this. I bought cases and everything to the phone just to have to get my refund for them. I then contacted amazon for them just to be no help what so ever. They told me to send the package out, wait a week till they get it and have there team check it. I was not going to send just a charger and headphone and flip cases out for nothing at all. So I hung up the phone with that man. And because I had no phone to call them on because before that I used my moms phone. I had to chat with someone, just to let you know this was an hour or so later, but longer story short I talked to him for a half hour or so and he ended up giving me a refund and now I only have to wait 2 to 3 days for that one. and he also contacted the sellers that I got the cases from and told them what happened and why I don't need the cases.

I really regret  not reading the reviews prior to purchasing this phone. I bought the phone, and put my ATT&T sim card  in there and it's been a day and a half and the phone STILL has not recognized it. Also, this phone has very cheap graphics and the camera is really bad quality. This was a complete waste of money and I will be asking for a refund! DONT WASTE YOUR TIME ON THIS PHONE

Did not work well with att 4g network att store said only works with there 2 g network Internet will not pick up

I can barely hear on the phone and my pictures are blurry.Yes I am very unsatisfied with this phone now.

normal

This product was that I was looking for, low price, nice cellphone and everything exceed my expectations. I am living in Venezuela, It is working OK

I don't like this phone. It is the slowest phone I've ever had. I have to wait for it to find letters while I'm texting, it takes forever to make a phone call. I'm very unhappy. I'm considering using it as target practice.

I had so many problems using this phone with T-Mobile (Only had talk/text).  It would not allow me to receive or send photos.  It even erased all photos I had on phone.  Would not recommend this phone to anyone.

CAN'T COMPLAIN...WORTH THE COST OF $66.00.  LOCKS-UP AT TIMES...BUT SOON RECOVERS...STILL WORTH THE COST...I WOULD RECOMMEND TO OTHERS...PICTURE QUALITY NOT THE BEST.

This phone is a piece of crap. I received the phone and it work for not even a day. The screen started to go fuzzy then a long red line came on the screen running straight down. I contacted the seller who gave me some bull remarks. Don't purchase this phone this is no good!!!

This phone was definitely NOT worth the little I paid for it.  Very slow, slower than the phone that we bought it to replace.  I had purchased this as a gift for my wife, and, after a week, she went back to her original phone.When I broke my phone, I used this one until my replacement came in.  It was so slow, it was a real pain to operate.  I expected more from a quadband phone.

freezes. put my phone on slow mo when i listen to music. really slow. always says emergency call only. kinda s***ty

I bought my daughter this phone because she has always wanted a smart phone. She treasured the phone and took such good care of it, not even a scratch was found. Three weeks later her camera goes out. not to mention when she makes calls the phone just hangs up almost instantly and then the phone starts glitching up. I think buying this phone will be fun at first but it will also get glitches and you have to have the patients of a turtle to work this phone!

Cant get it out of spanish....freezes alot...does not charge.......just crazy...buttonsare loose seems like theybeen popped in and out....wish i could send it back

Ii'm forced to rate the phone a with one star. Only reason I'm not returning it is because it's too late. This phone doesn't come with any internal memory so you have to be careful of what apps you add. I can't imagine how the phone would function using both SIMS. So I have a phone I can make calls on, no email, no texting because it will use up what little memory I  have. So I guess you get what you pay for. I expected the phone to be comparable with the Galaxy S4. There wasn't any product description so I would suggest consumers to beware.

This phone absolutely sucks! Terrible slow and shouldnt be considered a &#34;smartphone&#34;. Do not buy this!!!

I got the phone and I  like it I receive the phone on time so I was happy I got it on time.

my fault but I didn't realize its a 2g phone. I cannot get on line. what good is it.a paper wait. and stupid me threw away all records. dissatisfied.

All I have to say about this phone is don't buy it, it's a piece of crap! The price is cheap but you get what you pay for. I rate this phone a 0.

works well. Has a good sided screen. Overall good product. I like that it is so large. makes it easier to see without zooming. Way better than my old phone.

This phone was terrible!!! It would only work if there was wifi and sometimes the wifi didnt even work so i couldnt make any calls or texts. The keyboard was wrong so all of the letters were in the wrong spots. Never again

how can I send this phone back... I was under the impression this was an s4 and this phone is NOT anything close it an s4. its a crappy 2g phone.. im very unhappy with this product!

Horrible. ..returned it only worked for a few days. . .horrible. It was a waste of time ordering. ..the only positive thing was Amazon has great return service

Phone not working well...cannot work in Jamaica with. Digicel sim...not happy with the phone...I regret buying this phone the maker should do a better job

This Phone Is Garbage!!!! The Letters Don Touch At All.. I Want My Money Back Now!  THIS was A Waste

The phone works. It is just an average phone and we could not get the internet to work. We did what our provider said and tried multiple different things but it still didn't work. A phone is a phone though.

Be careful and read the fine print, this is a 2G only phone! this wont work with 3G, other than that is a good phone.

this phone doesnt work. i was able to activate it for straight talk but cannot get the internet to work. have followed all instructions and did what was told and still yet the data will not work.

Wish i read the reviews before i got this phone it really does suck it don,t work at all I hate it. Want my money back

This phone is like imitation of galaxy so its not good no recommended, don't even work the internet and the app store is fake

I don't know who the phone works.  Once i opened it up, i could not put my sim card in.  It is missing both housing components that hold the sim card. so needless to say, that i will be sending this phone back.  Disappointed in the product this company sent, and overall this whole buying experience.  Don't buy from this company.

the item does not connect to the internet such as play backs on youtube , Pandora radio Netflix , facebook and more..its just a cute phone !

this phone maybe or may just be the phone but it could be defective it will not hold your wallpaper it changes frequently. the phone constantly drop calls. the internet when your not on WIFI is ultimate  slow. when on WIFI it acts as if your on dial up internet. you cannot put any AAP's on the phone it's constantly saying full no space even when you have a SD card with 8 or more gigs.DO NOT WASTE YA TIME OR MONEY.

Wished I would have beloved what others had to say about this wana be phone can't get picture or video messages good luck on calling the right number mine calls who it wants to when it wants to or seands a random text

Funny I did no expect much from this phone, I was intended to be a single purpose device to use with Square, well it did NOT work. Be aware, internet is 2G, so on top of the device being extremely slow, internet is slower. I tried to watch a 5 min video on YouTube, never finished, after about 45mins loading a few seconds at the time I give up.

I need to return my phone because that dollars get bad I need to replenish my dollars as soon as possible

this is a beautiful phone. works great in the city but it gets no signal in the country. i live in west virginia. all we have is country. if you leave in the city its awesome.

do not buy slow , freezes all the time you can not download more than 2 apps , no sitting for screen sensitivity

The phone itself is nice but it gets terrible signal. I am unable to use it. I have even tried 2 different services.

The phone has a horrible camera and a slow response to all applications and the keyboard. Not to mention the screen, no matter how you angle it there is a glare on the screen at all times.

slow is too slow if a phone of this size that did not get a better processor and more memory and ran ren nolo recommend it as a team had to discard

I would probably love the phone if I could get the screen to unlock. After a week of use the screen locked up and every time I tried to unlock it, it would let me swipe once and then the screen would go dark....:(  I'm preparing to go to squaretrade and return it.

Although my little sim didn't fit its still useful for another family member.

Want my money back! not a real phone instead of htc it says htm works when it feel like working

The phone was crap. Never buy from these people again. You can't hear the other person when you make a phone call. The phone is also very very slow.

It was not a unlocked phone. I could not use this phone on the carrier of my choice. I was not pleased with this phone wish I could return it and get my money back.

once i try to listen some music in it, the charge goes fast. That's why i had to buy the mp3 but it did work for me. I pass all night charging it for only 1 hour of use in daytime.

First received it and had problems, had to reset phone 3 times then wouldn't keep a charge and after a few weeks wouldn't charge... Had to buy a charging pad to charge it

OMG I LUV THIS PHONE I ORDERED THE PHONE FOR MYSELF I'M ONLY 14 but anyway lOVE THIS PHONE I$ ITS LIKE A GALAXY S4 omg my friends in school love it follow me on Ig _mwaa

Far from met my expectations, poor battery life with 2 batteries, delayed Text messages constantly freezes save your money it's not worth it.

This is a Great phone , for calling & Texting the appearance is also very pretty anybody that purchase this phone will love it !

But I guess you get what you pay for.Yes, camera is terribleYes, screen response sometimes... well it does not work.Yes, It comes with a weather app that does not work in the USAYes... I still have it and had it for 6 months, and hate it every day.It sometimes lets you make calls, but receives calls fine and texts.

This is the worst cell phone I have ever seen. It is slow, the screen is not sensitive and the battery is dead in less than 2 hours

I loved the is good and works on t mobile and I recommended this phone case you can used on any carrier

good phone nice features but a lil slow wont front about it cuz its great and big to for that price won't blame the seller on anything but the producer please if you can send me and additonal L.I.O.N Batteries 3.8v  those batteries get low faster 3.7v plssss i need a LION B 3.8v

not a very good phone,

This phone is so slow and the camera is not that good. And it amazed me how big it was to be a android

the phone is chinese based and Im constantly having to reboot. everthing i download to phone disappears and i have to reset it. I have bluetooth in my car and Im having all kinds of trouble syncing it.thinking about trading in for american brand.

Do not waste your money with this phone. ever heard the term, you get what you pay for? It took 2 months to get shipped to my house from China.The touch screen is sorry. You have to hit the buttons 2 or 3 times the get it to text 1 letter. camera sucks. It is just the worst phone I have ever had. I bought a better phone a few days later. I dropped it on the CARPET just to see and sure nuff, the screen cracked all over. DON'T BUY THIS PHONE!!!!

First of all i changed the speed of my package so that i could get on the 24 of January but guess what its not in my hands so i gi ve it a one. the extra money that i spent to get was a waste and i kinda want a refund

Pro: Look Like a smart phone, Can use two sims at once (if you every have two sims), and has a Fm Radio app.Cons: Based in China and a rip off of HTC ( Phone Brand HTM), does not use micro sim but regular, internet Home page is in are in Chinese character, and ever difficult to change settings.Overall disappointed, but personally I like it for the Fm Radio.

do not waste your money on this crap. seriously. I wouldn't pay $5 for it and they wont refund me even though I did NOTHING to this phone and it has a million problems. horrible camera, texting, terrible wifi connection, slow, freezing, I get no vibrate or sound for in coming texts, and many more issues. I swear all the good reviews on here were people who got paid to say that.

excellent I love is bellisimo works perfect, the size is big and cute color, how wrong was that long long in coming

Good phone. I like it. The color style model everything seems good.not sure of the longevity though. Overall fine. :)

So not what I thought it would be.Freezes all the time, very very slow Sim card had to be adjusted...I wouldnt recommend this phone to anyone.

Looks really good. Met my expectation. I would recommend it to everybody. The phone is for use in Africa and I know my mum will be trilled

The apirance is good!what I don't like is that everything is in an Asian language and when I try to change the language on settings it doesn't change completely .Its really slow even when having 4g . lastly, it won't let me call people most of the time. It tells me I have no sim card when I do. over all its not that great !

well this phone for this price we dont have to complain is good ,well fine . I have two sims card  but the one of them work good the internet with metros p c s  i like this phone.

i have not had this phone for even 24hrs and i HATE IT... PEOPLE IT IS NO GOOD. it sucks on storage and it doeS not work well with google store DO NOT WAIST YOUR MONEY.. ITS A IMMITATION GALAXY NOT WORTH  THE MONEY AT ALL.

The phone overall is great but the internet is just plain ole slow and don't work sometimes. I hate that I bought it

Top of the line of its kind and have all of the features of any in its class. shopping for a smart phone this is it.

work with t mobile 4G real good and im real happy is unlocked for att and H20 i love it 5 stars

I can't find a case to protect the phones and it's very hard to take care of them without a phone case. My phones work very good but I just would like to be able to purchase 2 outer box cases to protect them better and I haven't had any luck so if amazon carry phone cases to fit these particular kind of phones I would like to purchase 2 of them. Thank you kindly for your help

This is the worst phone I ever had. Don't buy this phone. It takes forever for anything to come up. It hangs up on you. This phone sucks

This phone is a poor excuse for a Samsung Galaxy! Remove it from your line up PLEASE!!!!! I'm very disappointed

MY MOTHER LOVES IT THIS WAS HER FIRST TOUCH SCEEN SO SHE'S REALLY HAPPY TO HAVE YOUR PRODUCT. . .

im very unsatisfied with this phone period. it always says no internet connection an shuts off and on for know reason. the language is in Chinese which I cant read. and more things along with it, ive decided to never purchase a cell phone off the internet again to many problems and headache plus just to get a refund you have to wait for the seller to approve it. this is a butch of bull..... sincerely a very unsatisfied and unhappy customer, this phone will be return for a full refund.

This phone has not worked properly from I received it,the battery is not working, am not receiving calls, and it takes for ever to load up need my money back.

is not  good phone please remove this from Amazon, if not no one will buy phone on amazonThanks

This phone is not a good choice, speaker does not work 90% if the time. It does not ring, static on the line

I cant send or receive pictures not happy about that. Did not know ut was only 2G im not sure if i like the phone.

This phone is horrible it has the latest os and it is so slow when typing nobody bye this phone

Its a htm not a HTC so I'm assuming that's why it moves so slow but yeah I can't use my Google play store and it doesn't have all the normal settings on a phone like changing the scripture or the lock screen, etc. But besides those things it works great.

Really good phone I'll by another one anytime its in really good phone I'm really through with it I'll be buying another one soon

I had a Galaxy 3 with Verizon. Wanted to change carriers and couldn't use my Samsung phone because it was locked by Verizon. So I bought this from Amazon. It was not what I expected. I ended up sending it back because it functioned poorly. I would not recommend this phone. I did buy the RCA A1 from Amazon for myself and my wife. These are excellent phones.

It s not working with my 4G network that I have with T-Mobile I don't know how can return this phone

the phones looked great! no problems until you make/ recieve calls and the person on the other end hears a constant buzz If that wasnt happening id give it 5 out of 5.

I wouldn't recommend this phone to anyone it doesnt have a fast reaction at all i can't even write on it. Do not buy

Terrible phone... Broken, terrible, worn out phone. This was a rip off. Old ragged phone. Overpriced very sucky phone. Disappointment.

Well, when I first got the phone I didn't like it at all because it would not read my AT&T; sim card.. Eventually it read the sim card but the internet is in a different language and I can not get 3G, only 5 E bars, and I can't get on my Facebook, KIK, or Snapchat apps without having WiFi! I pay AT&T; for 3G and I can't even use it? I can't even call anybody when I am in town because I don't get service, like I should..The phone won't let me use any apps. Also, I bought an 8 Gig. memory card and the phone won't even let me download another app, I only have 5 and a couple pictures.. I don't understand. Also, the keyboard is slow as heck! It times out and glitches like crazy, the front camera can be kind of blurry..Other than that.. I guess the phone was worth $80..

Be honest,I did not use it yet as I am sending it to overseas. When it will be used in overseas I will definitely give you a feedback about this phone.Thank you!Nemat.

Hate it waste of money dnt dnt dnt buy i want me money most b a scam cnt b real

This phone is very nice to look at but I was not able to connect to anything unless I went through WIFI........ I had no phone service inside unless I had my phone in outside pointing areas...... I am sending this phone back..........

the phone doesn't work at all its crap its a g phone not a 4g phone got to scream to get anyone to understand what your saying and head phones doesn't work on it phone should be trashed and never sold to anyone

It did not work properly and i could not receive emails and the internet was extremely slow i wouldn't recommend a 2g phone if u work on your phone for many things.

This phone I a piece of crap And I bought it for 99.99 and I do not like it at

Button Almost Came Off The First Day . Camera Is Horrible , Charging Is Worse , SLOWEST Phone EVER !!! Came Scratched , Constantly Freezes & Its Only Been 3 Days . Doesn't Make Calls & Will Refuse Your Every Command . Price Looked Great But You Get What You Pay For . Crap ! If You Still Order This Phone Your Crap Will Be At Your Door Step In 3 Days (The Only Good Thing About This Phone)

This phone looks great, but it's really slow, not allowed to open my hotmail mail, or drop a few applications, I had to return, do not really recommend.

Sound is not too good but thus was my third phone within 2 weeks and I just gave up. Other than that I like the phone.

It was wonderful. Thank you. Love doing business with you. i'VE DECIDED TO PURCHASE A FEW MORE, THEY WERE SO GOOD.

This phone sucks it was good at first but it started to freeze please don't waste your time on this phone it's not worth it

First of all this phone DO NOT have GPS...If you receive a txt or email while on the phone, it drops your call.  Sometime it vibrates and drops calls when not receiving txt or emails. Also, camera is poor quality.

I was very disappointed with this phone! it does not work well. it doesn't do instagram video. there is no way to get it off the asian language. it cuts off calls. not good at all.

charger didn't fit the phone , I had to buy a battery charger to charge the phone , and the phone constantly goes slow

Bought this thinking I could use it. Turns out it doesn't even work in the USA. I wish that the description would have said something about it. I emailed sender to see about returning it, and they never replied so I had to go through amazon to return, which means they took some of my money to send the package back. All in  this was a big waste of money.

these phone are different from what i taught i had purchase they cannot download a lot things on it no

Phone does not work

good phone, does most of what the law should do .. send message, call, play store brings to download applications, but does not have enough memory and not allowed to run downloaded applications, can only be 1 or 2 applications, and the rest may not use them ... but still ... it's a good phone, and can not demand more for less than $ 100

The phone sucks it does not have internet if i now howTo return it i would

The camera view is dull, wish it could have been brighter and shaper. I liked the size and tone though.

I did like the phone and everything Im just very didisappointed with the camera.

PERFECT PHONE VERY LOUD RING VOLUME WHICH IS GREAT IF YOUR HARD  HEARING.NICE LARGE SCREEN GOT THIS FOR MY FRIEND WHO HAS VISION TROUBLE AND SHE CAN SEE THE PHONE DIAL PAD CLEARLY ITS SLIGHT HEAVYIER THEN MY OTHER PHONE BUT ITS A TERRIFIC PHONE . IT COMES WITH A PHONE COVER BUT IT DOESNT FIT THE PHONE AND THE CHARGER IS CHEAP PLASTIC AND GETS HOT FAST SO SHE USES HER SAMSUNG CHARGER ON THE PHONE AND IT FITS PERFECT .YOU WOULD NEED TO  TAKE  THE PHONE TO A SPRINT STORE OR PHONE STORE OF YOUR CHOICE  AND FIND A NICE CELL PHONE COVER FOR IT AND ALSO GET LARGE SCREEN COVERS AND CUT THEM DOWN TO SIZE TO FIT THE SCREEN UNLESS YOU FIND SOME TO FIT .  ALSO PHONE TAKES NICE PICTURES ETC.. ALSO ITS PERFECT PHONE FOR THE LOW PRICE THE SIM CARD IS EASY TO INSERT IT TAKES EITHER A MICRO SIM OR REGULAR SIM JUST BE PATIENT WHEN INSERTING IT BECAUSE IT WIIL FIT .. OTHERWISE ITS A VERY NICE PHONE FOR THE PRICE THATS FOR SURE.

The phones are terrible. And the chargers broke the same week as they arrived. I would not recommend or buy these products again..

very slow and cant do much with it. shouldve read comments and reviews before buying. wouldve bought a metro pcs phone instead! Camera sucked! so i gave it away to my niece to play with it, although you couldnt even download apps, or use the web. or even get wifi

I ordered the black one a week earlier for my daughter, and liked it so well that I bought one for myself. I am very pleased with this product and would recommend it to everyone!!!

I need a refund

This is quiet possibly the worst phone on the face of the earth. It is so messed up because of it being unlocked. I will never buy another phone like this again.

This phone hung up on my calls and the camera sucks so good not like it I returned the device

I ordere this phone and I need to know what size sim it uses. If anybody can tell me I would appreciate it

This is a fake phone do not waist your money. Internet is in chinese all apps are slow. You dont recieve all calls or text. It has 2 sim card slots not compatiable even with WiFi. Sending the phobe back only came with two batteries nothing else its a piece of garbage its a FAKE DO NOT BUY

This phone went above and beyond what I thought I was going to get! A pleasant surprise, I would like to say.

come's out of the box looking shiny and HUGE screened!  makes a pretty noise when you swipe it to unlock the screen... but then you will come to realize that it operates so slow that you will type 4 letters and it may not respond for another 7 seconds... and that you cannot access the google play app... or you cannot maintain a steady wifi connection when never moving from the same spot on the couch... and realizing that because it came from china... everyone hates it, no one wants to help you figure out how to root or flash a new OS to it, and even those select few who will help never find a solution because it's too much darn work to try and root or flash the phone for the small reward of having an already low functioning device.  sorry but i give this one a fat ZERO out of 5 stars

The phone was absolutely horrible the texting was extremely show the internet took 10 plus minutes to load a single Web page the camera is only a 3.0 megapixel camera...the phone looks very nice but that's the only nice thing about the phone

This is a horrible phone. ...1st off it don't keep charge I cant the camara not good seem like it dont work with no card gotta get it flashed

It looks good but very slow bad firmware and very bad speed not sure if it is the professor or what but can not use itCamera is totally bad bad bad quality

Not good at all, i bought it and i can't even use it cus the touch screen is not working. I can't install any app because there's no space. I wish i could return it honestly cus i can't use it

This phone is a mock Samsung Galaxy S4. The box in the pictures is not what you're getting. It looks perfect on the outside but the actual OS inside is really laggy. The internal storage is around 128MB, so you WILL NEED an SD card to do anything. I haven't even been able to download a single APP onto the phone yet. Overall you get what you pay for, which is a $100 phone which is double SIM cards. Don't expect too much out of it.

is a fraud is not what they say is a lie that has android 4.1 and the phone has trouble taking cover I feel cheated

This phone was advertised that it can used both AT@T and T mobile  chip but my AT@T chip did not work with it.

I which i didn't buy this phone it has poor signal i give it a 1 please stop sell them

Could not connect to the internet. Some characters are in Chinese which I couldn't understand. I returned the phone to the seller.

Horribly cheap product and it did not work on AT&T network as they said it would. Waste of time and energy on this. Amazon should not allow this to be sold on their site. Shame all around.

Choose from that you are pooling years years and a half years of Canada is a government has dried pitch

THIS PHONE SUCKS! I JUST GOT IT TODAY 2/18/14 AND IM SENDING IT BACK. HONESTLY I THOUGHT I WOULD LIKE IT BUT I DONT!! WHEN I TURNED IT ON IT STARTED RUNNING SLOW.!  THE PRINT IS SO BIG.  HONESTLY NO ONE SHOULD ORDER THIS PHONE. IT TOOK WAY TO LONG TO SHIP. ITS DEFINIETLY A WASTE OF TIME AND MONEY SPENT ON THIS PIECE OF CRAP PHONE!!

Bad camera: ( I miss my note 2this phone sucks!!!!!

Very unsatisfied. The phone itself runs extremely slow. Also the scree. Broke within 4 days. Do not purchase this phone.

PHONE CAME ON TIME BUT THE PHONE WAS GARBAGE POOR SOUND AND EVERYTHING I HAD TO RETURN IT BACK TO THE OWNERS

No phones super slow and out dated. I don't think any one would what this for a phone they want to relie on. For a first phones it's great to start off with.  Need a lot of up dating to keep up

Looks better than in picture.  I was hesitant at first in selecting thus phone because the picture at the website is a bit mediocre. But i like what have now in my hands. Will continue adding to this review as i become more familiar with the phone.

I gof this phone as a present. Its chinese so i wasnt expecting much. I parade with it as though its a S4. If you are always on the go then this is not the phone for you. To get the internet working i had to activate it on another phone then transfer back the sim. The phone is very slow and has to be robooted often. At times i get a white screen and sometimes the keyboard don even show. The camera takes crappy pictures but guess what? I downloaded a flash. It freezes alot too. But i can deal with. Afterall i got it for free.

can download apps but not open them, not one of the places it advertises as being able to have phone service can be used, so basically i have a veryy nice touch screen mp3 player

I have had this phone for a few months now and I love it. I loved the price even more. It works well, I have not had any problems.

Very good required in before time as you have gave me and it was the products I have asking, very good four all of it. Thank you for everything

When I got this phone I took it straight to my phone place, they said all these phones on here are fake. Well, I would assume they are since they are only $80. He also said its a 50/50 chance that they phone will work. And mine did. The only issue I have is that it wont send pictures since its picture thing is not up to date. So I had to get the phone flashed and fixed with a new picture sending thing. Also I don't get some phone calls. But other then that, the phone is actually a great phone. The batteries worked, the charger worked, plus it fit with my phones charger from before, also all of the cases it comes with fit. I haven't used the headphones yet because they aren't the kind I like. Other then that the phone is worth the buy.

The camera quality was horrible, The battery quality did not last. Phone does not turn on! Horrible graphics!! Was not worth my money.

Awesome phone. Sending two batteries is a good thing too for if one gets ruined. All these reviews about how its terrible are liesIf your afriad of a phone not being a good then here's a tip. Don't order off the internet.

It should be illegal for the company to sell this phone. I just got it yesterday for my daughters birthday, it won't charge on either battery, it worked for maybe an hour and then nothing. My daughter is upset and I feel like a fool for ordering this phone without reading the reviews first,I will be sending it back for a full refund. Shocked that amazon continues to have this phone on their website lesson learned!!!!!

this item was a gift but I have heard good things from it is not so much I can say about this item

I thought this phone was gone be pretty good but it is slow wanna know why because its a 2g and its going to be return! DONT BUY IT

just bought this and having to send back because you can't download any apps and part of the screen is dead.  I only had for a week.

Hello I need a sober answer my phones were purchased on December 22 and still nothing from you. Good night

the phone moves so slow. and the camera is horrible. u can barely see with front camera and back camera takes blury photos.

I had to send back one of those phone, because it was acting funny. It was doing things by itself.

When I first saw this phone online , i thought it was ridiculous to have such a good looking phone for such little amount. I thought WOW ! what a great deal. When it finally arrived to my house , of course i was excited . After activating it and getting everything set , I was ready to use it. In the process of using my &#34;new&#34; phone , i realized how incredibly SLOW it was. I was very dissapionted. LOL . There are sooo many different problems with this phone. I cant even begint to list them all and go into details. Another thing you should know is the phone only works in certain areas ( yea,  i know right ) thats CRAZY. I drove 20 minutes from my house and decided to call someone. TELL ME WHY the phone told me it couldnt work in that area and that i needed to go back to my previous location. lmaooo i was mad. But anyways , im just trying to be helpful to those trying to order this phone ( or should i say CRAPPY phone) If you really want it , you can definitely order it. But dont be fooled by its looks, LIKE I WAS .......

I purchased this phone to replace my old one , thinking it would be better.....WRONG!!! It is VERY slow and I couldnt even make any phone calls with it. I sent a email to return the product and they tried to offer me $30-$40 refund and keep the phone.... NO WAY!!! I understand it is a 2g phone and no reason to even sell this phone to anyone else. Be cautious on purchasing anything over seas.

i pick this rating because i ain't know it was an Chinese phone and plus my phone turns off by it's self and the phone is really slow and ocean cross provided this to me i don't like this phone at all.

No it is not my network.  This phone has a beautiful appearance.  The features are all for show.I would never recommend this phone to anyone.  It is trash!

This product is horrible. I had to wait almost 3 wks to get this phone for one because it came from China. Wen I recieved the fone it wouldn't cut on, the charger didn't work or anything. The fone has a nice look an is a nice size but I dnt recommend anybody to waste their money.

well,got a HTC phone instead of the Samsung  that was on sale, so l was disappointed withe the product that original l purchased

Can't use this in USA without two Sims. I am with att and could not get it turned on. Ended up selling it for what I paid. Will never try to buy another phone unless it is with the company I am with

Found the problem and the phone works fine. Received early and in excellent condition. Many extras as well. Great gift

Also this product did'nt work for me,sim card kept causing my service to drop.had to return.Nice phone but does not work properly.

The phone sucks, it is a flop of a phone wish I had never bought it.; It loses signal constantly, can't hear the other side of the conversation; a lot of Chinese written downloads and updates randomly appears. It is such a phone that sucks.

The phone did not switch on. The phone shows no signs of charging when inserted into the charger. Also, in the box, there are no start up instructions. The seller had always been good with communication and prompt with replying to my messages. After contacting them and asking for instructions about the phone, they suggested I go have the phone checked by a local dealer and would refund me $3 to buy my own battery (which was suppose to be included with the phone). I went to a local dealer to have it checked and it still did not switch on nor charge. I've been endlessly asking the seller to give me their details on how I should send the phone back, but all I get is excuses and more excuses. All I want is to send the phone back and my money to be refunded.

The battery life for this phone is terrible, I don't understand how my phone can be fully charged and if I don't use it for a couple hours it goes dead anyway. I've never seen a phone go dead from non use. I wouldn't recommend this phone to anyone.

This does not function properly at all.  I feel like I wasted my money. I wish I could refund it.

I really do not appreciate how, cheaply this product is made. I only got to use it for 3 weeks. I defiantly did not get my moneys worth. it died, and would not charge back up. I tried like 5 different chargers. it was the phone. and being as it was a knockoff brand, our local technical shop couldn't not work on it, because they couldn't get parts for it.

It was slow took a long time for the phone to process what your finger touched. The camera was horrible it made things look green. The batter doesn't last had to charge it multiple times during the day. I was really frustrated with this phone I would not recommend anyone to buy it.

This phone is horrible, you get what you pay for and it's truly a waste of money but it will do for the time being.

This phone was purchased as a gift for my nephew. He was so happy with the look, the entire package that included an extra cover and battery.  Looks just like the galaxy.

I would not recommend this product to anyone.

Not recommend buying this product, sell it like a copy of Samsung and does not work and worst of all is that it will not guarantee the seller and amazon is a shame but I was swindled me with back guarantee.and returns are in China not USA, it is called consumer scams.Felix C.

Yes it's a little slow, and I can't seem to find a case that fits it. s4 cases don't fit because the charger is on the top of it not the bottom, But other wise this phone is amazing. You can't expect it to be perfect it's a copy cat of the s4 and only 75$ , It works with straight talk ! And the memory without a memory card is a tad small but I put a 2gb memory card in it and it works just fine. The phone is everything I expected and is way better then my old one. If you're looking for a usable cheap phone this is the one.

This product is good but freeze some app this phone is not good dont waste your money on no fake s4 u can't even screenshot on this phone but text good a call good that's it! So yeah buy at your own risk.!I

This phone is very very very slow it takes for ever to dounlode apps and dosen't get the 3G or 4G camera is to.zoom in dont like the phone at all not what it seems

Well I don't have much to said but at first I love the phone but after a week didn't work no more the batteries were bad and wen I ask for a exchange they never answer :(

Phone is only a G. Hard to get setup and don't work good at all on AT&T network! DON'T BUY

Would not recommend this phone, broke within two months. the operating system is pretty smooth but overall not worth it

This phone, let me tell you briefly about it! 2G!!!! I guess I should have done a little more research on this imitation Samsung Galaxy S4!!! It is very slow, doesn't text very well, it just can't keep up when texting, it skips every other word, when talking people can't hear you as well, just awful. Don't waste your money on this phone, I wouldn't give it away or let another person use it period!!!! Again this phone is 2G that all!!!!

but this is the phone I have had, at 3 months his memory collapse, the screen began to be blurred, and finally because the battery only lasts half an hour I am totally disappointed with the phone

i got the phone it is what i expected but u forgot the battery will u please send me one thank u

okay so i orders two of the same phones for my aunt and one phone has the word demon ......like wtf man demon in flipping red letters ...it pissed me off because  one came in a crappy box and the other looked like i bought it in a store ....so i dont know if im sending it back ...

Im considering sending  the phone back because  everything is in chinese, and i cant change it! Really not happy with this!

Its just AWESOME!!!! Only thing, my husband's charger got destroyed quickly and doesnt seem like we got the correct batteries. Otherwise, it really good. Its man made so I don't expect it to be PERFECT! Only God alone is a perfectionist!!!

This phone sucks bad generic piece of junk came with no charger case too smalll took forever to turn on then didnt accept my sims so had to turn off and wouldnt come back on dont buy its a rip off

Note: this phone is probably good in the United States but do not use as a contractor overseas.This phone is compatible with :AT&T; ( 2G Only )T-Mobile (2G Only)Straight Talk (2G only with AT&T; sim and 2G with T-mobile sim) Note : Straight Talk no longer offer AT&T; SIM card for new account activation.NET10 (2G with AT&T; sim and 2G with T-mobile sim) TracFone (2G with AT&T; sim and 2G with T-mobile sim) Simple mobile (2G only) Airvoice (2G only )Not compatible with cdma network, such as Verizon, print. And not compatible with 3g and 4g network.

Everything else is ok but i just got it today and so far the only thing i can do is make calls.. don't buy it it's really a waste off money

I buy this phone for 70 bucks and fulfill my spectations, it's a bit slow but I installed ADW. Launcher, Holo locker and Simple root swap for increase the phone velocity.A really big deal.

Used cell phone received with the previous owner text message and phone log. I am not happy with this phone

This is a terrible phone the first day its great, but then the battery lasts about 1 hour if you use it. The storage is terrible and says low storage if you have more than 20 text messages. The internet is slow. Also it picks and choices what apps it wants to let work day by day it changes DO NOT waste your money. I wish I would have listened to the reviews!!!

Was excepting a better phone then what i had dont have a lot of the features i was looking for and excepted like the swipe keybroad the momier is nit much more then i had on my virgin mobile phone not able to download my musice for my sd card because of the momier which is verydisappoint to me. Downloarding takes forevery just not happy with phone. Also the phone but is very loss it feels like its about  to fall off at any time.

I ordered an unlocked phone and I took it to metro pcs and they said that the phone wasn't unlocked and I have to pay to unlock ...the phone arrived Thursday and its malfunctioning I want my money back. April 12th and I'm still waiting to hear something positive about the phone I bought. I need to know how to go about collecting my money back plz.

This was a bad purchase that I think I've ever made. I don't recommend this purchase to my worse enemy. The phone cuts off repeatedly for no reason, my apps NEVER work, and its only a 2G phone. My internet doesn't work and the phone is in Chinese.

It gets frozen very often. It's not compatible to pair with my car's blue tooth and when I use the speaker when making a phone call the other person can't hear me at all

one phone did not work at all and the other started giving problems.....i hate them and i am stuck with them. Children are still without phones and no refund or replacement.

i like it works fine

I purchased this phone with the hope that it would be a good alternative to two phones due to the dual SIM card feature. .The phone has been a major disappointment across the board. It is very difficult to make calls since the recipient  says it comes across as very chopped and broken up. Does not matter which SIM card or network is used or where you call from. Have tried it both here in US and in Germany. It is truly hopeless and useless..I have thought about putting up it for auction on one of the sites  but do not want to risk my good ratings.Was going to donate it to a domestic violence shelter but am worried that it would come across as chopped and fragmented in an emergency call situation..I purchased a dual SIM card LG phone through Amazon for around $25 and it is a power house. The reception and quality of the calls can not be beat.  If all you want to do is make calls that is your phone.Goes to show multi feature or high tech is not necessarily better.

I feel good &#65292;the space is too small

This phone is a piece of crap.  The headphone Jack is messed up the internet doesn't work you can't receive pictures and the camera sucks. DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE!  wish I would have listened to the review s now.

All i really want to know How do i get pictures???? The phone is ohk but I'm trying to get picture msgs and they dont load!!  Help please!!!

ecelente very good phone is a product of quality RECONMENDABLE

This phon is completely un recommend cell phone.to use because its not working properly . When you type letter it's give you deferent letter . When you call  the screen is frizz. I defently I don't like it.

first i  bought 2 when i receive it one wasn't working the other one working but slow processing when i try to text the keyboard don't come up i got to reboot the phone i got to do that about twice a day since i receive it the camera don't take good pics i would give a  -5 out of 10  i really  don't recommend it

It has not been good since I got it it doesnt always read the sim card it takes forever too load apps keep saying the passwords to my email account is incorrect even tho I log in the same account on a diffrent device  I think I am goingv to return my phone

I bought this phone as a gift for someone and they love it. I loved it also. I went online and bought myself one because it is such an amazing phone!! Thank you

The phone sucked it had no service it's nothing like the s4 like it was supposed to be ocean cross don't stand behind the products never again will I buy something from them

It's rated 1 star because it's slow with texting, I can't send picture messages and it is always glitching. Plus I thought the picture taking would be a lot more HD but it's not and the zoom is off.  The phone also does things I don't want to do like hang up when I don't want to hang up and vice versa.  It makes me so frustrated, I want to throw it across the room.

Well we set the phone up. At first it was just so so so slow when u got on the internet. The the batteries started messing up now the wont charge, either one of them. Now it wont even read that it has a similar card in it. I want to either return it or get my money back. We haven't even had it a month.

This phone is complete JUNK! Ended up selling it to another person for $50. It did not call out without flashing on and off and when I went to try to get on the internet the phone would freeze up so bad I would have to take the battery out and put it back in to turn the phone back on. Don't waste your money on this JUNK

I purchased the with the intention of having a great phone wideband, but once I got it the phone was very slow. I think would get stuck from time to time in the upload capacity was very slow as well nothing works like the original. of course, but I thought this phone would have met the lower end of my expectation. Yes the phone works but not like the real phone, by real phone I mean to go to the galaxy. I would rather they purchased a real phone.

PHONE SUCKS IN ALL LEVELS.BAD RESOLUTIONUNEVEN CAMERA PIXELSCALL DROPSBUGS AND APPLICATION COMING FROM NOWHEREWLAN SETTINGS THAT OVER TAKE ANY SECURITY SETTING THE OWNER PUTS IN.SCREEN TOUCH NOT WORKING PROPERLYYOU TRULY GET WHAT YOU PAID FOR.WILL GLADLY SWITCH IT TO ANY OTHER SMARTPHONE DEVICE, SERIOUSLY!WORSE AMAZON PURCHASE I EVER DONE.THIS PHONE DOESN'T DESERVE A STAR RATING

Where do I start? The phone looks great, but is extremely slow. It's  only capable of 2g speeds. The camera's quality is horrible. Neither of the two batteries hold a charge. The microphone doesn't work so unless you plan on talking via ear bud  a of the time, be prepared to constantly repeat yourself during calls.

December 9th day make a 4 by 4 Unlocked Cell Phone Quadband Dual Sim Android 4.1 OS with 5 Inch Touch Screen Mobile - AT & T, T-Mobile, H20, GSM mobile networks and other simple (White) which were coming from China and had a deadline which was fulfilled and the equipment never arrived, in no time I got a package track did not get any reply so the phone never came. I hope to solve my problem. Thank you.

I baught these two phone for my daughters .  They love the phone but the only problem one of the phone came with no battery . i also taught the phone suppost to come with screen protector and case . . see what u can done with the battery.

This phone has given me nothing but problems. The battery shot after only a few days, and it ran slow when I got it, even before putting any apps on it, and with my SD card in it. It crashes all the time, you can only download certain apps on it which all eventually crash in the middle of what you're doing... It's just not a good phone. Definitely not worth the money.

Terrible device. Runs extremely slow and most important it is a Chinese device NOT US. Would never purchase another device like it.

the 2g is a real keep back, and the reception is not good. this phone is more suited for someone who is not phone savvy.

This was awful! Playstore wouldn't download anything, phone ran extremely slow! Don't order this!

How can you return this item I want to buy it but theres so many bad reviews that I just want to know how to return incase I dont like itI want to buy this item but theres so many bad reviews that I want to know how to return if I buy it and dont like it

i love the look and the size , but the phone charge for one day and after 8 hrs of charging , battery still was dead , put second battery in same reaction , send it back , for a refund , got my money back with no problem

the phone would not keep battery charge. it was very slow returned it the same week

The phone is really slow took me forever to get it activated and it crashes like all the time i know its a cheap phone but damn you would think it would work better .. the screen is ok 5 inch screen i had a iphone 4s and this made me feel like i was holding a tablet big phone but i do not recomend getting this phone in less you like slow things i wish i could post a video to show you how slow it is i have the pattern lock on it and i have a L pattern and after i do the pattern it takes about ten sconds for everything to load up and right of the back ive knoticed is that it somtimes runs fast than slow than fast.. and another thing that i really hate about this phone is the battery life is terrible a potato has better battery life i think thats why they sent you two batterys ... its terrible .. refund while you can.. thanks hoped ive helped some people out! DONT BUY THIS PHONE!!!!

Absolutely terrible, phone didn't work contacted company, they made broken promises it has been two was and they haven't even refunded me a penny. Never again. Terrible

Terrible. The phone Looks Great but Thats the only good thing about it. The phone and the Internet are really really slow. Also the battery life is rediculous. They must have known how bad the batteries were since they sent two. I wish i had never bought this phone. So If you dont want to waste your money, then do not Buy this phone. Its not worth it.

Not only did the phone not work at all for me, it was suppose to be a brand new phone, when I got it, it was refurbished. There was no sound whatsoever, and it never rang. Not to mention, it was frozen the whole time. I was unable to navigate through the phone at any time!!It was garbage!!!

Granted it is a generic phone made in china, it had low expectations.But to be underneath the door crack is a massive understatement.This phone shaped brick has almost no internal memory.It doesn't even give me the option to view its storage capacity.The camera's quality is relevant to a $14 usb webcam.Everything looks like it took night pics of my raped ex-wife who is still sexy even in her gray twitching skin.I could not silence the screen's lock/un-lock sound. Even on Vibrate!!!Like, what if I was the girl on Taken, Liam Neeson would've been at home waiting, not knowing what the hell happened to his messed up little XX sperm seed, thanks to that annoying chime that I could not turn off w/o first unlocking it.Thanks OBAMA!My X-Box has a faster operating system than this; and I hate X-Box.Some undercover American-Chinese spy must have assembled this w/o knowing what the blazes they were doing.It freezes in the middle of typing the word &#34;the.&#34; It's auto-correct is all backwards, and for the life of me and Peter Griffin, everything crashes. This phone overheats while in Idle people.If you ever need a paper weight, toilet paper balance, kool-aid mixer, replacement phone to throw, or a decoy phone to have around the Misses,DONT GET THIS RECTANGLE ROBOT TURD!!!

The phone wasn't a t mobile phone like it was marked on the website wasted money on a phone that wasn't used and has missing buttons.

It's hard to know where to begin.  It's slow - very slow -- much slower than the W007 Android 4.0.3 Unlocked Quad band Dual Sim I purchased from Amazon about six months ago.  It crashes a lot.  It does not pick up WiFi in places that my older phones has no trouble. It's ability to connect to towers is also significantly less than the W007 that I was looking to replace.Then you have Chinese social media apps and other non-Android certified apps you can't get rid of without messing with the root. Once I found this out, I left it alone.  The browser crashes on many newspaper sites.  The camera is, well, useless.  Blurry images, does not adjust to lighting at all well, very basic camera functions in the software.  Sometimes it does not want to unlock when you swipe the screen.  I wish I could say something nice about it to make this review balanced.  OK, it was delivered very quickly, and it comes with nice hard case.  I've gone back to my W007, and feel it's an upgrade.  Caveat emptor!

if \ I send  it to you  would you fix it  because the camera  not working  I went  to  tmobile  they can't  fix it  they do factory reset  still not workingLucny supplice

I bought this phone thanking it was a good deal but no I was wrong. I hope you can read Japanese because even when you set English it shuts down and starts to glitch up and then every thing is in different language!!!!!!! cheap made phone !!!!!! DO NOT BUY IT !!!!!!!!!

this phone is nothing like the galaxy phones I thought it would be similar but here I am with this phone that barely works properly and I need to get the real galaxy phone now.

I would buy this phone ! It's a waste of money ! Trust me

Slow pc of junk. The phone is slow. Camera is junk. Wish I just bought another phone. I did after a few days  biught bew galaxy

Nice looking phone at a good price, however AT&T could barely fit a SIM card for it, and they were not able to find a case to fit because the size of it is between the Galaxy Note 2 and Galaxy Note 3. Also even though it says it's compatable with AT&T, there are some things offered by AT&T such as Apps, that will not work on this phone. And AT&T reps could not do the set up completely since it's a foreign phone. You won't get a very friendly response at your local AT&T store when you take it in because they don't want to deal with phones that are not theirs. And forget sending back! Returning this phone to China costs over $40! Now I'm stuck with a phone that mostly works with AT&T and cannot find a case for it! Oh and the camera is terrible! Just stay away from Foreign phones.

If I could give it no stars I would!!! You can't get picture mail or receive picture mail...the internet is very slow on this phone...it freezea up all of the time have to constantly turn it off and on!!! This phone sucks I guess you get what you pay for!!

This phone is slow in everyway possible apps are being forced closed constantly ive had it for 5hr an i hate it

Horrible Picture Quality , Never Seen Internet Sooo Slow . Do Not Recommend This Phone For Anyone Looking For a New Phone . !!!!

This phone did not fulfill my expectations, hangs, the sound sucks, the video camera is only 2 MP guess for the price ..

This phone is a great phone its a Galaxy 4S all the way got it put the chip in is been working like a champ Love it Atrevete Con Gee

I need my money back Cuz dis phone not work good

Not only does this phone run slow ...... it doesn't work correctly . Would not recommend this phone to anyone

It's nice but I dont like the way the system is set up.

I'm wondering if this phone is good or bad I just bought him and there's good reviews and bad and does it take att go phone sim card or a special kind please let me know

The camera on the phone sucks. The screen is messed up. it takes forever to type a text message and it screws up on my apps.

Not a bad device you get what you paid for. Make sure you know your carrier details before purchasing a device as this one. Arrived on schedule and was what it described.

it is a very poor quality phone ,and I don't like it. please help me how to return it back to you.

this s*** should not be sold any moregave me so much trouble due toits a over seas you would think is a goodphone but no it is not I wish you really give mymoney back

It is okay, but I think with a little bit of work the camera can be more florescent, a gps system can boost up the utility and the download of games and application can be faster.

This phone is not good.After down loading games I can not play them on the phone.Phone cuts off when trying to play games. Also phone is very slow to download.Pictures are not clear enough.I will return for my money back.Amazon needs to take this off there buying list.The phone only runs on 2g to slow.

This is a nice looking phone and that's about all. It is very slow and the pictures are horrible. It would go to a different screen right in the middle of me texting. Save your money...

i had acouple of problems with the phones, 1.) they are defrent in a bad way and they are sopose to be the same 2.) the speaker on one of the cell phones went out and 3.) the phones keep glitching. so overall bad phones

I really love the phone I don't understand why they were so many bad reviews when the phone is fantastic.  It was a great buy I love it so much.

Its working in Brazil, allowing me to make my call for GSM technology, but the processor is very low and no memory to download applicatives. So this cell phone is really bad. I do not recommend someone to buy it from Amazon.

I do not recommend this phone at all.The outside looks super. When I turned it on the battery was heating up and bulging out. At the end of a full charge the phone only last less than one hour

Terrible. Don't buy for yourself or anyone else.  Bought it and already know I will never use it. Was a waste of money and time

The phone is very bad. Don't buy!!

I just bought this for my niece for Christmas. Even though Christmas is 9 months from now i have already started shopping. I put a standard SIM card for Straight Talk in it and both SIM slots get service. I think my niece will feel like the bee's knees with this. She will be 12 when she receives it. Cool gift. If i were buying it for myself I'd probably pick a different model but that's because I'm the crazy cellphone lady. This phone is cute and for $86 its a great buy!!! Also it got here within 4 days of purchase.

this is good mobile phone with this price.not expensive but worth it.so if you have lower budget i Recommended this product to ALL OF U GUYS...!!!!!very thankfull to seller.

It did not last 8 hours. The battery will go from 98 % to 14 % in a matter of seconds. My internet did not work as usual.

this a very nice phone i couldenet have asked for a better phone it fits all the samsung galaxy 4s cases !!! a little slow but i work with it :)

Its really pretty. Looks like a Samsung S5 but its not. I purchased a t-mobile sim card put it in....The phone works for calling and txting but that's all. So sad :/Google takes 5 min to load and reads in Chinese.The only time I can connect to the web is in my house using the wifi. The phone is just no good.Save yourself the heartache and buy a samsung S3 off craigslist for 150.00.

Phone is slow and appears to have 2G only. It takes forever to switch from apps and can be extremely frustrating. Definately being returned.

The phone was slow as heck it was only 2g of the network. I couldn't even download any apps from play store because it would kill the battery. Basically the phone itself is like an old flip phone SLOW.

This phone is the biggest waste of money. The speaker doesnt work, when you are on the phone the person on the other line will not be able to hear no matter how loud you yell. Super slow.. will not connect you to any websites. Just horrible..

this phone does not operate properly, and the touchscreen doesn't work properly..it is utterly and complete garbage. should've never bought

This phone started out good not even great, the server since this phone is not from the u.s isn't all that great service sucks apps are slow oh but with wifi its great but then again the sites that youre on crashes soo at the end of the day dont get this phone it &#34;SUCKS&#34; and i dont use suck but im using it now because i am a very busy person... just to think that a phone like this would meet my standards of what i need it for uhhhh naa. but over all not bad if youre not a busy body who loves electronics!!!!!

its garbage i dont mean to hate on it but it suck major buns

This phone is a piece of crap, no its worst than crap.  I bought 2 of them as gifts for 2 close friends of mine.  First of all it is super slow and it constantly freezes.  It was sold with 2 batteries each and the batteries and none of the batteries hold charge.  The camera is awful.  By the way its a beautifully designed phone, just looking at it but please don't waist any money on this phone.  Amazon need to remove this phone from its web site.  I was ripped off and i think this is some kind of scam.  I only wish I could get my money back.BUT WAIT! Here is the thing that really pissed me off, I bought the phones and you know how where it says  &#34;Customers Who Bought This Item Also Bought&#34; items.  well i also bought the case for the phone and it was too damn small for the phone - lol.YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED.

When I first recieved this product I thought it was a very naive phone until I tried to put my SIM card in and it wouldn't take not one of them..!! The camera is horrible it is too blurry.. I would not recommend this phone... &#128078;&#128078;&#128078;

Battery die super fast within two hour of the next morning,  after a been charge all night. It was acting up within the first week.

The phone wouldn't keep service. Looks great but looks are definitely deceiving.  Just to good to be true.  .wow. wow

I've only used it for two days and now the camera doesn't work! It has only MB's of storage! Megabytes!!! Installing a memory card doesn't help either. I wish I could return this sorry excuse of an item. No one deserves a piece of crap like this phone.

this is the worst phone ever am so hurt by it i need a refund as soon as possible that is all

Phone is nice and slim, but the signal sucks, lots of dropped calls, cannot hear the callers voice clearly, camera doesn't take good pictures at all....

They are thieves that cell grime is a shit is a useless

Im so disappointed I wasted my money. My play store don't even work including many other problems. This is the worst phone I ever had.

After reading the positive and negative reviews I decided to go ahead and purchase this phone and received it march 19, 2014... The phone looks great and that is the only positive thing to say about it. It comes with 2 batteries which are worthless. I was constantly charging a phone that I could barely use. apps will load but with not open. you only receive a small amount of internal storage so you really cant download anything unless u have a sd card. after a 30 min conversation this phone would run hot and shut off even though the phone was completely charged. internet Is slow even if you have wifi connected which also drains your battery after 10 mins. It takes forever to even text message. You have a front and back camera...It would be nice if they both weren't crappy...pictures come out looking horrible..I have called several times to speak with customer service which is like talking to a brick wall.they are in hong kong so you cant understand them and they pretend to not understand you. The lady actually had the nerve to tell me maybe I didn't know how to operate the phone correctly even though I explained to her lost i  my Samsung galaxy note 2 and chose to replace it with this phone. I didn't want to seem like a douchebag and keep asking to  return it and ask for a refund so I told myself I would keep it and deal with it since I made a bad judgment and bought the phone even after reading the bad reviews...well not a surprise it decided to stop working yesterday(april 14th 2014). it started ringing and when I looked at it the screen was black .so now I have a phone that I literally didn't even have for a month that I can only receive phone calls because the screen is black. This is the worst experience I have ever had with a cellphone. If someone would give me this phone for free  I wouldn't even take it.

I have been ordering thru Amazon for years and this is my first time posting a bad review. I don't blame Amazon because after reading ALL the other bad reviews I should have known better, but I am a sceptic. There are so many things wrong with this phone that I don't have enough time to go over them all. PLEASE DO NOT ORDER THIS PHONE!!!!!!!! It is like buying a barbie phone from toys r us, except worse! The people who posted the good reviews mut be related to the seller or may have just opened the box because it all goes down hill the minute you take it out. Needless to say, mine was picked up for return today! TERRIBLE!!!!!!!

This phone is not good at all I will not advice anyone to bay them

Everything works pretty good ..The only thing that needs improvement is the camera..

ThIS IS THE WORST PHONE EVER!!it DOESNT DO ANYTHING ITS SUPPOSED TO.I WOULD ADVISE PEOPLE TO SAVE THEIR MONEY & NOT BUY THE PHONE!!!

Thus little died all the time would not stay charges for nothing it's just horrible scrubbing that could possible be wrong with the phone is

If this phone was a dollar I wouldn't buy it I bought it n the same day n gave it away the same day

This phone is nice and I don't care if it goes really slow but I really like it I use it like everyday.

I received this device in a timely manor, but I was very displeased with it's performance after downloading several apps, the device began to run extremely slow, I have been a previous Galaxy user with The Galaxy S and SII and both of them are twice as fast as this one. The sound quality in making calls was very poor, it constantly dropping calls if I got a signal at all.

It doesn't meet my needs. It's too slow downloading the applications, and I need something faster than that. Sorry about that.

Did not like at all did not know it was Japanese and cant get on face book or Google and I cant find an cases to fit the phone..

This is the worst phone ever! Do not buy! I got it because I washed my first phone. I purchased this because the screen was bigger, was within my budget & claimed to work with my net 10 provider. It does not work ! I am so disappointed, it is fragile, no cases fit it , it will not work anywhere but my house, I can't do anything with it. So sad, please consider buying another phone....boo on this.

This phone cannot receive picture messages.  Cannot download apps.  Doesn't come with google maps, but I would assume it doesn't have GPS.  Movement is sluggish.  Controls unresponsive.  Doesn't allow for even 4g... not even 3G, making any internet usage worthless!!!!!  I feel like gouging my eyes out when texting, as the buttons press where your fingers are not.  Sometimes you can't end a call... because the button won't press.  Speaker phone allows you to hear the other person, but they can't hear you hardly at all.If you are going to make a &#34;smart&#34; phone, and then have it to where any smart applications are rendered useless, why bother?  I would have much rather bought a 2001 nokia snake phone.  I could text faster and more accurately with those.This phone actually manages to piss me off every time I look at it.  When I hear someone text, I am actually angered.

Its to slow nd closes out of apps on its on

it is not the best cell phone you will have, however it is a good cellphone if you're on a budgeti use it primarily for displaying stuff to my clients and updating fb, instagram and twitter status and it works wonderfully for those tasks

Still waiting on my phones I don't know if they work fine or not because I have to wait so danm long

its kind of slow after a while and their are no cases for it. other than that it worked good

The cellphone no play videos in youtube, can you help me?

it freezes, I can't download apps, the apps I do have I can't use half the time, and I can't hang up calls I don't recommend this product to anyone they should be band from selling them....

thi phone is big and cool but as far as needing it to work its slow and straught talk and this phone dont mix im going to be looking for a new one then get rid of this not worth the buy...its cheap for a reason

when you go on the web its all in chinese characters and i wasnt gonna give my mom that for xmas! the button gets stuck!  i would not recommend this product to anyone.

First of all its a knock off of the real thing. Second it's is very slow. And third the phone memory ran out on my on the first day. It sucks, Oh, and the phone plug-in they send for the charger is for another country and cant connect it to USA plug-ins. >:( I also cant receive calls they go straight to my voicemail!

As I said in the heading you can not find out where the phone is so I am getting a Nokia phone and its only 3 dollars more and you get to choose when you want the phone going but this phone get a Nokia

The phone is not good its slow,the screen has a little break on it, everything not good i end up by another phone.

I purchased this phone for my granddaughter and she loves it and I researched this brand and I found out that this phone is a clone android. It is the exact replica of the Samsung Galaxy S4 only it's less expensive.

It's dual sim mobile but sim2 not able to access it. I don't know how to use this mobile without sim2.

WHEN I GOT THIS MERCHANDICE IT WAS DEFFECTIVE, WOULDNT ACCEPT MY SIM CARD AND IT CLEARLY SAYS "UNLOCKED FOR MANY COMPANIES" ITS IN YOUR BEST INTEREST NOT TO BUY THIS PHONE. ITS A GENERIC PIECE OF CRAP. THE PHONE CAMERA SUCKSS!!! THE PHONE AS A WHOLE IS PLASTIC. I RETURNED THIS PHONE THE DAY I GOT IT. BE SMART DONT BUY!!!

This phone sucks on picking up the tower. It keeps going in and out of service and it drop calls in the middle of the call. I have called my phone company and they have said that all the setting are correct and that I should be picking up full tower bars. DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE.

Dis phone is the worst phn from i buy dis phone it nttn but prob battery run dwn dead in 20mint all wen u not useing it they tel me i culd bbm on it an i cant it to text sms only some time u can get to text messnge an de phn shut dwn by it self sum time it get so hot i cant it to my earrs dis phn got alot a prob caah done srry i buy it plz ppl dont buy dis phn it no gd u cant dwn load nttn on it

does not work properly on tmobile or google play store...will not load and/or play games and/or apps from google or amazon

The phone constantly says there is no space left although I just got the phone thursday and I have not downloaded anything. The messaging freezes up and during phone calls, the other person cannot hear me.

I gave the product 3 stars because it was just like my s3 but thicker. But it is a little slower and doesn't take the standard sim card so you would have to get an adapter for the sim card to fit inside. It just wasn't for me.

I try to return it but no avail, i cannot use my AT @ T sim card, used it once, and it does not reconigise my sigm card.It is sitting a drawn in the box i receive it in, and i am on the look out for a name brand....Samsun.

the phone is fantastic, can't complain on the price, it's just as fast as the name brand phones fo for less money.I really recommend to anyone who is looking for a good quality phone but dosent' want to spend a lot of money, especially now that the holidays are just around the corner.

I would recommend this phone to other people. It's a good size, didn't take extremely long to get to me. I love some of the features, others I don't know how I feel about them yet. It's a great phone. I would buy another one if needed.

Ordered this for my daughter and she was not that interested in it, was not what she really wanted or expected.

This phone has a good appearance, but works freaking slow. It couldn't last a month. I don't use it anymore and I don't like it.

This phone sucks. Its super slow. Always says that I have no service and ill be standing right outside. Wish I never would've bought it

this is the badest thing that i have got. the battery went out and before that the phone wouldn't stay charged up...then i went back on here to ask where i could get a battery for it and never got an answer to it...this phone needs to be pulled off...it is not a good phone at all

Listen here do not waste your time. This is the slowest phone in the world. It keeps shutting off on me by itself and not turning back on. It has the camera of a flip phone. it always freezes and exits out of apps, the internet and everything. It might look like a nice phone but don't be tricked by the pretty picture and make the same mistake I did.

Its worth the price.. I bought it for a friend, she loved it but the feiteng H9OO is better.. Nice phone though

Phone is excelent but android version is not compatible with Blackberry messenger. look like the original one! i like it!

i bought this phone and its awesome!!!!!!!! i have 2 sim cards and i have lots of contacts its not slow at all idk wat other ppl r.takin bout its soooF A S T!!!!!

If I could get a refund i would. I had it for 5 mins, booted everything up, then i get a message saying that the system memory is full. Haven't even had a chance to download anything. It will not let you clear or delete anything to get rid of the memory. It also does not connect to the WIFI half the time, Lags constantly, does'nt alert you to a new text (and half the time never recieves them) It is not worth it! I only bought it because i needed a temporary phone, but it really isn't even worth that. I would rather have shelled out the extra $50 for something different. Please do not buy this phone.

This phone is awesome! I have at&t 1 sim card and it works perfect! Its has loud alerts and is loud when talking to someone on it, texting is great, and the internet is great with both wifi and data! It's a great high quality phone that works with at&t and I plan on switching to Straighttalk with this phone in the near future, hope it works! I absolutely love it and am anxious to see how long it lasts! As of now I totally recommend this phone!

the phone battery dies quickly. i noticed the phone is not clear.

There doesn't seem to be a BBM app for this phone. There are still a few people that use Blackberry so I need it but none of the app I downloaded seem to work. Otherwise it works good

I have read through the reviews and I wish that I would have read them before I actually purchased the phone.  I was looking to replace my old Galaxy which I mainly used to play games like Candy Crush and Plague.  I love the way that the phone looks and it came with an extra battery.  The camera and camcorder work great for me but I have seen that a lot of people have had a problem with those features.  I was able to download Plague but it doesn't actually open up for gameplay.  I tried to download Candy Crush but the phone said that I didn't have enough space.  Bear in mind at that time I only had one other app installed and I had a 16 GB memory card in the phone.  I haven't had a problem with dropped calls but some people have.  I suppose that this could be a great pay as you go phone and camera.

This phone did not work properly with my service plan. When I took it into the store to use they said it was a non-working phone they described the phone as a display phone. They also said that the phone didn't have a name brand they described the phone as a dysfunctional phone. My SIM card was stuck in the phone because of the slots it was poorly made where you insert your SIM card. I am having issues with sending it back because the seller is in Hong kong you have to pay for the shipping and its not cheap!!!! This was a horrible purchase!! And I still haven't received a refund.

This is the worst phone i have ever bought. It is extremely slow, always closes out anything you try to open. People cant hear you when you are talking. Doesnt hild a charge. When the phone gets to 80 % battery it shuts it itself off and is dead. I wish i never spent the money on them. I never buy anything online and i dont plan on doing it again. Extremely dissatisfied with this product

I bought two phones around Christmas time neither phone worked  a month a big disappointment.

My order was never delivered even after paying for it.I tried tracing it but its till on its way after 2.5 months and the deadline was on 20th febuary 2014

This is the worse product i've ever purchased. Just in two weeks, the phone went blank. Nothing  was working or showing, all of my pictures were lost. Can't make calls, if you turn it on it makes a terrible noise and that's it.Please, seriously this product must be pulled out of market. It is so annoying.I really regret paying for "NOTHING".This product is nothing-period!Please buy it!

it wont let me use my original internet speed, it wont let me download any app, even when i bought the data card.I hate it I hope i could return it but i have no other phone. my other phone was damaged.

This phone is an excellent choice the camera quality is fair the settings fo the internet should be in the users region great battery life this phone overall is good

I had this phone for about 2wks &&' it is the worse phone ever. It's only good for the looks; it turns off by itself,  camera sucks , always losing service, can barely hear, and deletes your contacts!

I bought this phone in January, 5 months later the volume buttons have fallen off, it would constantly freeze, wont revieve text or calls, and it has completely stopped working the batteries will no longer charge

the phone is slow fake and not worth the price  don't oder unless your stupid and decide order after reading this.

My sim don't work in it so I don't really no about this phone its nice and everything I really just don't know about it

Sent back terrible phone wouldn't load apps no one could hear. Me it was bad didn't stay charged the phone doesn't function right

It doesnt work on walmart track phone.the back case is a pain in the rear to take off. if you swap sim's you're screwed.

My friends love the phone I have told  others about the phone already and they have bought phones already.well done

this phone couldnt read a sim card it was worthless...... This phone was horrible, defective and a disappointment.  Neither of the Sim card departments on the phone worked.  This is just a nice looking phone but not good to purchase.

I got this phone for my brother. He loves it. He uses it every day. he was fascinated with the dual sim slots lol. He plans to keep t for a long time. It's a good phone.

this phone had many bad reviews but i still bought it when it came it was perfect but i feel its gonna break and stop functioning also is very VERY irresponsibly bad  like some times you touch it it dosent work and the music dosent even file right buy if your gonna only use it for calling and not having apps overall okay

Safe shopping. Contains basic applications. I recommend this product. bring two batteries, earphones, case, charger. i like this cellphone for all

Call quality poor.  Charge would not hold.  Unable to read instruction manual.  Could not get foriegn language removed.  Not as advertised.  Would not recommend

I want to return this product because it not working properly as it was been described it got stuck in wall no internet wifi

i try not to give a bad referencen for this phone because i am in love whit this phone but juts the looks of it, other then that this is a handicap phone  everything it's slow screen go black all the time, flash is really bad it is a shame because i was going to sell this phonesin my country but the people love the phone but dont want to bay one they handle the phone.ho i gave it 2 star because the phone looks good but it is a you can use phone

This phone doesn't work right at all.  It shut off after a full charge and would not turn back on the first night i had it.  Google is in chinese. ???  And it took way to long to ship to my house.just dissappointed!!!

it was in Chinese, couldn't get pictures, and connection was horrible. How dare they try to sell this product and get away with it.

The phone is a Galaxy S3 knockoff,  the call quality is awful. Internet reception is spotty at best. Looks nice, nice case, but disappointed.

don't buy bought 2 after 3 months won't turn on won't charge wasted almost $200.00 thought this was a bargain but was not had to by two new cells

Does not work correctly. Is an imitstion. Is Fake the middle bottem don't even work.  I was a Christmas gift for my daughter.

I bought two of this phone. The phone is very slow. The apps keep malfunctioning. You cannot used two different app such as what's app and Facebook on the phone, its going to save its not responding. Also Facebook app does not work and the space on the phone is small even thou I have a 8gb memory card in it.

I got this phone and put it on go smart wireless. The internet is slow and downloads startover or just don't load at all. Please help what do I do?

The phone can be a bit slow however its okay for the price.  This phone cannot be compared to a Samsung or Iphone.  Its just good enough for a teenager or an adult that does not require much.

Very nice phone,but they can not year me and I can not hear the callers.I have no problem with my hearing.Battery will go half a day with No Apps On !

this product came to me with a virus and chinese porn on it and then when i contacted amazon about this they expected me to pay shipping back to china not even knowing if they would fix it or not. Bottom line is that I am out at least 75.00 and my child was out of a christmas gift.

I had to send it back the phone only works in Japan!!! Why would you even sell this to me?

The phone is nice, good looking phone. Problem is that when you try to see videos or download apps it doesn't work. It is very slow internet wise.it is more like a 2G phone, even with Wi-Fi it doesn't work.I didn't want to return it because I liked how it looked but I wouldn't have been able to use Facebook, ore so. I tried downloading Facebook, Twitter,whatsapp, and none downloaded in TWO DAYS, that is when I decided to give it back.YouTube videos can't be downloaded.  You can talk, text, see webpages that are simple...

The phone is great. My only problem is that I cant find a case that fits.

excellent recommended very good phone very nice lightweight large very comfortable to write easy to useI recommend it for people not to use many applications by its low memory

I love the appearance of the phone but thats about as far as it goes....ive bought 2 brand new micro sd card and both times it says sd card has unsupported filing system after working PERFECTLY for a day or 2.....also, it lags pretty badly. Like ill push the button to go to the home screen and it takes about 5 sec. before it loads everything.....i wouldnt make a recommendation for this, and i guess what they say is true...u get what u pay for......update to review.....the phone completely stopped working a month after purchase....if I could have gotten a refund, I would have.

I bought this for my sister, she loves it, and she is satisfied with it. I ordered this from phone around king, they were great with making me a satisfied buyer.

The phone is good, but the charger is bad. I had to buy one since I take this phone out of USA

He reported that the phone is not what I ordered, seems used is of poor quality, and sticks constantly, summarize &#34;2 two phones purchased in  store does not serve&#34;Venezuela has been one of the loyal customers on Amazon I hope you do the same

it's look nice but futuers no good

Its a good phone if you only want it for calling because the text and web are useless! I love it because I don't use it that much but You can't even download apps or have that much space for music/pics and videos. The camera is blurry and foggy. the phone looks really nice from the inside and the problem I had was that it started freezing and playing music on its own.

I bought this phone because it said it would work on the AT&T network.This phone was like a Samsung Galaxy. Very Nice. It had the latest Android version and that was a real plus. It did work and it sounded great on my end. However, the people I called (and I called a lot of different people) would hear sound like a buzz saw. I was terribly disappointed because I really liked this phone. Amazon refunded my money on this phone and they did it very fast. Amazon is great,

its less than 100 buks,has a big screen{really nice smooth touch too} and the battery life is good.dont expect it to be a uberpowerful super phone,cause its not,...but for what it is ,its a good deal.it makes calls,sends txt and pik txt,surfs the web,and has access to the real google play store.you will need to put a MICRO SD CARD in this phone to download and install games and stuff {since theres no real internal memory for storage...but this phone does alow you to install to sd storage,so it works great with a micro sd card in it}

the worst thing i have purchased from amazon, it was a complete waste of money. this phone has caused me nothing but problems since day 1

When i got the phone it had a virus on it within 3 days the phone stopped working all together.

THIS PHONE WAS WORTHLESS I MADE SEVERAL ATTEMPTS TO GET A REFUND AND NOTHING THANKS FOR NOTHING.....I COULD NOT GET INTERNET TO WORK ON IT ..SO I GOT A 125 DOLLAR PAPER WEIGHT ...THE SELLER TOLD ME TO GO F MY SELF...AGAIN THANKS FOR NOTHING...

this phone sucks don't wast your money.....go with the blu 5.5 its a very good phone I have one......... thanks

Very good phone. Works on gsm bands in The Gambia. Also it works very with viher, Facebook, style,etc in The Gambia.

I buy this fone and since I had it it have work better then the other fones I had this is a great fone ad if u buy it u would love it

Could never locate a protective case for it. Batteries did not last. Nice phone for the money but was not a good purchase for me. Replaced it in less that 6 months.

this phone was purchased for my daughter and she really loves it the only problem she has is the camera doesn't take good photos. you have to be in bright light in order to take a perfect photo.

The phone is very slow and did not meet my standers.

This is a terrible phone it doesn't work like it should it receive calls but all other functions are very slow or don't work at all. Knocks out games when playing and doesn't get enternet when it should I'm very dissatisfied. I ordered one for me and one for my wife. No matter how i place the setting it juat doesn't respond well or at all. I use straight talk and wish i had ordered something else.

it drops calls, it freezes a lot, it's camera is horrible, the volume is very low and there is no space on the memory card. But other then that, the phone is clear when making phone calls and great on the internet.

this phone has none of the things I need in a phone.I cant play some games on it, it cuts out when ever it feels like it, some times I cant see the time or the power level.I would not tell any one to get this phone

BUY 3 MOBILE, APPARENTLY unlocked Quadband Dual Sim Android 4.1 OS with 5 Inch Touchscreen Mobile-AT & T, T-Mobile, H20, GSM mobile networks. 2 CELL WAS UNLOCKED AND PLACE THE LINES, THE OTHER HAS A PROBLEM I HAVE TAKEN TO SEVERAL COMPANIES FOR YOU TURN THE LINE AND CAN NOT SAY THAT THE MOBILE IS NOT RELEASED AND CODE IMEI IS WRONG MODEL IS T9500-BIMEI 35279000380998IMEI 3527092000380996

Two days ago came the phone and did not want to turn that will. They may say I related to that

I love this phone. If you want bigger, you got it! Better, you got it! It works perfectly! Love it !

Maybe it's just me but on other reviews of this phone I know I read that all you had to do was put in your sim card. Well mine does not work with it. I've tried multiple times and still says no sim is in it when I put it in. So now I'm waiting for another sim to come in so hopefully I can use it.  The screen scratches very easily too. The pros of this phone are that it comes with 2 backs and 2 batteries! Never got that with any other phone. Also one more drawback, the directions are very small and hard to read and I never have trouble reading any directions. I gave it 3 stars for the picture quality but the camera is not so good. The picture are very fuzzy looking. I have not been able to make calls or text yet so I'll update once I get a sim card. It does hook up to wifi and didn't have any trouble surfing the net.

Bought this phone because the price was right and liked the features it offered. There are so many pre-installed apps there is no room for anything else. I put in an 8 gb SD card and moved my apps to it. Funny thing they won't open.Battery holds a charge for about 3 hrs. Had to have it charging while I entered my contacts. Very slow. Camera is not very good. Took a video to try it out. When I tried to play it...screen said Sorry cannot play video. Huh? The only thing I can do on this phone is call, and text. Will not open attachments in text message. Guess should have known if it's from China it's a waste of money. Now I have  a SIM card I can't return. You get what you pay for. The scoundrels. Phone constantly freezes. Big mistake.

I bought this phone and instead of getting my phone I got face cream. I do not recommend purchasing!

i didn't care for this cell phone once i had received it. It was not what i had hoped it would be&#8230;.

It's not user friendly and the phone speed is very slow. THe (') button didn't work when texting. I had a difficult time trying to figure how to search on the web on google search since the context results was in chinese and not in English.

Not really I can't receive internet service with this phone and I would wish time return it immediately!!!  Not Happy at all

This is suppose to be the knock off for the S4 and it wont fit the cases...its to long, and it fits the S5 case but all the spots for plug-ins are wrong. I thought maybe I could special order one...and couldn't figure it out. I also put my Sim card into it...and it wouldm't read it...and when it finally did, it wouldn't work. It said service not available. It is a POS and not worth it.

I was not satisfide with it because that i returned back.

Pretty good a few calls been drop. But it is worth the money spend, if I had to I would buy it again

I did not like this phone at all ......terrible I had to buy a new phone in less than a month

It was the worst thing i ever spent money on i can't do anything on the phone i can't even download a stupid app, worst buy ever

If you want an iphone or a phone that works like one, spend the $500 and buy an iphone. It's just like every samsung phone that I've ever used and I LOVE IT!!! It's a good size, has a front and back camera, takes great pictures, and is fast. Obviously it is cheaper than most high quality phones so, like I said, if you want an iphone/galaxy s4, spend the money. but this phone is wonderful if you don't mind not having 4G and having the galaxy s4 sticker on the back. I'm 16 so, coming from a very pleased teenager, I think it's great!!!

Phone operates at 2g speed,loads of info written in chinese literaure, most of the apps are fake and does not work.The incomming call ringer disable itself at will just not a good buy.

my phone volume is not that good it;s not loud. i want a phone that had a better volume with it.

the battery is not charging the phone i have to keep it at all the time in charger no good

Honestly piece of cap knock of of the Samsung galaxy s4 but my dug her uses it to play games when it's not freezing or turning off too bad I can't return it or I would

This phone is junk. I just got it and the screen keeps locking up. It won't swipe,  it won't call n my calls are routed to voicemail. I wouldn't give it a one star rating if Amazon didn't require it. How do I return this crap n get my money back? Any help would be appreciated

Bought this phone as he other I bought was outdated so thought this would be better ... Terrible week with this phone as got many hang ups, sometimes we'd ring sometimes not..... Sometimes service, sometimes not..... Sometimes had my contacts and sometimes all gone and then later would be there again.... Returning as I am not taking a second loss..Tks

Just got my phone and I can really say I love it. The shipment was very fast. And I receive a case with it. Only problem it was thrown all over the place inside the box,but other than I love it. Don't know why there's a lot of bad reviews

Fake!!!!!! No good

Do not buy phone is aweful i brought two and gave my friend one as a gift and he gave it back while stating that he would rather use his old android 2.3 OS phone. Phone freezes constantly, does not respond to button pushing. only 256 MD internal memory and even tough you can install a SD chip most apps still need to function in part off of you internal memory. biggest waste of 200 dollars in my life. I should have read and listened to all of the other crap reviews about this product. DO NOT BUY.

I was not able to use the phone under AT&T network like it said. Picture mail could not be used and I would get delayed messages, the outlay of the phone was nice but I couldn't use it. I had to return it and pay the return postage which I think was unfair.

My order didn't came as expected, i feel disappointed at first, but it' s alright. The agent did her best and update me on the cause of the delayed. And I understand it' s beyond her control. Thank you Vivian really appreciate your help!!!

THIS IS A PIECE OF CRAP!  A message keeps popping up about &#34;low memory, delete items to free up space.&#34; This message pops up every 5 or so minutes and this is with a 16 or 32 gig memory card in the phone!  This message came up by the second day the phone was in use!!  You cant even install the facebook app or ANY app on the phone - it says there is not enough memory to even have facebook app on the freaking phone.  I want my money back!!DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE!!  The vendor DID NOT MAIL THE PHONE UNTIL 15 days AFTER I PAID FOR EXPEDITED 3day shipping. I HAVE THE UPS SHIPPING DOCUMENTS WITH DATES TO PROVE IT!!!

Dont buy this phone is a piece of CRAP!!!

Charge up slow. It is not what I thought it would be. I won't recommend it just for someone starting with their first phone.

I do not like this phone at all it locks up all the time when I am putting in the screen lock passcode it tells me it wrong and locks up and then have to pay lots of money to have it reset I hated it and it a really big phone as a matter of fact I hated it so bad I went back to my old phone which is broken but can still make and receive calls so works good enought for me for the most part

don't even bother this phone is slower than my grandma...u try to go online and everything is in some kind of Asian language..i say Asian because I dnt wanna offend anybody and im not sure what Asian descent the writing is in...

Slow connection to internet, and not satisfied with this phoneNot worth the money we paid for it. Very disappointed

I do not know how they can sell so bad and slow phone, not give them grief?. . . .I am disappointed in this cellular equipment, not really good for anything, is left blank all the time .. the worst that may have existed .. I do not care if my comment is offensive, I lost $ 100. .. . :(

Nice phone, but it drops signal all the time, the blue tooth only works we it fills like it, i switched back to my old broken phone with in one week just so I could use my phone!

Doesn't work, wasn't what i expected and can't use it properly.!! I want to return it as soon as possible

THIS IS THE SECOND PHONE I ORDER FROM AMAZOM.COM AND SADLY BOTH OF THE PHONES DID NOT WORK, THIS PHONE IT ONLY WORK FOR ONE DAY AND THE SECOND DAY IT JUST NEVER NEVER TURN BACK ON :(

The phone doesn't work.  We have taken it to a number of IT folks to look at SIM cards.  The phone is supposed to be unlocked.  It doesn't work.  This is a rip off.

The phone sucks!!!!!!!!! It ain't worth the money even if it's cheap! Absolutely WORTHLESS!!!!!! It don't even work half the time!!!

The phone is looking good. But using internet ob this phone very poor. Internal memories  also very limited. picture poor.

These phones are illegal. They are stealing these phones && rebuilding them illegally. A police report has been filed.

This phone not worth the money and I would never buy a generic phone like this again...I bought a actual phone for this price after I purchased this and it works wonderful...I didn't have to send it back like I did this one.

This phone came on and all the fonts where in Chinese it was not until I took it to one of those fix a phone places because it was working so slow that I found out that this was a knock off version of the S4. After having to wait over 3 weeks to get the phone, when I sent this phone back months ago I have still haven't got a refund.

I chose this because before this phone I did not have a smart phone but the one before last was an ipod this phone is slowwwwww and doesn't work with my sim card like it said it did.

Good looking phone but took 15 days for me get the phone and don't like the camera pictures show green...uuggghhhh!!!

equipment has failed, when communication is established the person receiving the communication can not hear because he hears a noise like a radio without hearing tune that does not allow the voice. I thank my place team. how we could do with the product and do not want to refund if the replacement equipment

A very good phone and is  unlocked. I will definitely recommend this phone and the price is cheap. Can anyone that bought this phone find a case. Having a hard time finding one?

I will accept this as a replacement for the previous that did not workI hope it works, unlike the previous one which I received that did not work.Needed shipping information to send it back for the above

I definately give this phone just one star It freezes while texting, the camera is worthless the speaker doesnt work and plenty of other defects. I regret spending my money on it and i wouldnt recomend it to a soul. You are better off purchasing a phone from the US than ordering this toy.

The phone looked good but the performance of it was awful. There was no way to turn off the annoying sound it made when you swiped the screen.

wouldn't hold a charge - wouldn't charge unless you held it &#34;just right&#34;wouldn't ring or accept phone calls.wouldn't recommend buying one.

The touch screen keeps blanking out and the memory says its full but I haven't even saved anything on it.Absolute disappointment.Needs to be exchanged or refunded.

Please don't throw your money.This is the worst Chinese counterfeit phone.It does not support MMS,Most apps are unsupported.Calls don't go throughSet up is next to impossible.It is a 1g phoneSpeakers don't work.Camera is HOrrrrrrrible worse than black and white pictures.The single core sc processor is not obsolete but fake and does not support android systemOverall complete trash

The phone is extremely slow it delays even to load its own menu and to go from screen to screen. Whenever you receive a call, you can hardly hear anything even with the volume all the way up and even using the headset it does not help.I simply would not recommend this, best you save your money and buy the real deal.

Hi ... had not qualified before the product because I am from another country and slow enough to receive it, I must say that the product does not comply at all with my expectations, I think of poor quality and too basic.

I have not got it yet but as soon as I get it I will like it I hope any wat

I bought a phone on December 10 and has not reached me and really wanted to give me all the money, because that was a Christmas present, failed and no longer want it. I want my money back, because they do not even know when the package arrives

I want this phone but with all of the bad reviews I'm not to sure I want to waste my money on it. It looks ALOT like the Samsung galaxy but does the galaxy cases still work for this phone?? I need a phone that will work 24/7 and won't crash or freeze up.

my phone screen become dark all the time i call. i cannot stop conversation when i want. i can't see callers numbers. it's a lost of money. BUYING THIS PHONE WAS A MISTAKE.

I don't like everything about the phone and I thought it was good. It is so slow in the internet n everything

I order this product for my brother, but unfortunately I my brother decided to return it back, in future don't go for cheap solution

So many problems with this phone.First off, it would always turn on &#34;airplane mode&#34; by itself, which made me miss very important work calls.Second, without installing any news apps on it, it was sluggish and slow.The picture quality and flash sucked.I would NOT recommend to anyone to get this knockoff brand phone. Just stick to the real brands. Saves you time and the hassle.

Many people said they hated it, but it worked pretty well for me. Downloaded apps work fine, I bought an external SD card for more memory, and the camera is nice.  There did seem to be an issue with hearing on some calls, there is a big interference, but the company helped me out with that situation when I contacted them.  Good phone, my wife loves it! =p

I purchased this phone back in march 2014 at first it was going well until I placed it on the charger so it can get as little juice about 30 minutes later, it wouldn't touch!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! the screen had completely went out. I really want my money back. I should have listen to the reviews. I shop on amazon all the time and this is the worst experience I have ever had. So please take this as a warning DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE OR ANY OTHER PHONE FROM THIS SELLER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. also when I tried to contact the seller he said that he couldtn find my order......O_o really????

Not a gs4. Dont be fooled. Not a bad phone for the price.

I don't know if I should buy it?????it sounds like a fair deal

its garbage the phone is too slow and sometime doesnot work at all.do not make the mistake and purshase this phone

I am very pleased with this phone.  Charges so fast. I've had it for about a month and for the price I don't think you could get a better deal.

Not worth my time of waiting to recieve it, and once I received it, it didnt even work!Wasted more of my time and money to have to return it. Still waiting for my refund.

The phone only lasted a week before it started turning on and off by itself. Then it wouldn't recognize my SIM card and I couldn't receive calls and/or text messages. Looks good but  that's it. Do not buy this phone. You will regret it. I ended up purchasing another phone Samsung Infuse and I love it!

The risk of buying this phone and using it is not worth it. You get some shady  software installed on it.

This phone was a waste of my money. It doesn't take a charge over 29%. I want my money back

I am really disappointed that the camera is not working fine at all. When taking picture it's like black and white it's not really clear and after picture is taken the picture is not sharp or does not show the actual color of your skin and clothing. other than this, there are other complicated issue with the phone.

This phone is a fancy looking piece of junk it has edge not wven close to 3g half the time when you try using it says network busy don't waste your time trying to use any data or download any apps it times out.and it took almost three weeks to.get it its not came from china and the first sims port was broke so had to install sims card in 2nd which wasn't a big deal.VERY UNHAPPY CUSTOMER

its a nice looking phone but it closes everything sometimes delete things on its own the camera flash is not good i have to turn on multiple lights to  get a good picture i expected more and got less

such a fake phone doesn't work at all

This might be a good phone for a VERY young child. If all you want to do is to make calls or text. Even then it has a lag with even those functions.  It does not even have enough memory to download Google maps. Even if you use an additional SD card, all apps CRASH!  You cannot get the data aspect to work on it even if you do call your service provider to get the settings correct. So there is  no way to access the net on this phone.  Looks great, functions terribly.

It is larger than I thought which is perfect for me, but the viewing quality of the pictures is a little fuzzy.  But I didn't buy it for the pictures.  I think if the pictures were printed out on photo paper, they would be perfect.But for the price and size - AWESOME!!

This phone is not what I expected , the camer do not work , it loo like a cloned galaxy s4

Thank you very much for sold me Unlocked Quadband Dual Sim Android 4.1 Os with 5 Inch Touch Screen Smart...Excellent Cell phone.. Recommend. Is Beautiful. everything was fast and without any problem. Five stars.

This phone is horrible.  I loose signal all the time, no one can hear me when talking to them, the camera is only a 3mpx (REALLY).

for the price i should not expect it to be great, its nice looking ,big screen but toooo slow even just to make a fone call

I helped my boyfriend get this phone until we figured something else out phone and plan wise.  It freezes. Doesn't send texts. Doesn't get picture messages or will get on the Internet at all.

tried on straight talk to many conflicks bought att plan and seams to be woring good .hard to get use to due to never using android

Returned. Very low and not enough memory.

This phone serves only one purpose, to look like the real thing. It fails on most of its functionality in comparison to the original it emulates. Keyboard responses slow, battery life very, very, very disappointing, no support for 3g, 4g. music audio output quality very poor. This is worth its price for its looks only, maybe.

this item did not bring removable memory and  the camera only has  3 megapixels , this is something that the seller do not say in the promotion of this item

Nothing was able to work, Dropped calls so fast, Mic and Speaker were horrible. Unable to have conversations. Not able to recieve  pics

piece of junk...

it works out great  just have to figure out how to remove the chinesse on the phone but thank you

Was elated I shopped early for my baby sister for Xmas!!  came with case ear phones,but came with euopean charger. Ok for the price we worked that out. When my mom opened &turned; it on a Demon appeared/the word demon.spooky but we moved on.we wrapped it and ordered another for my other lil sister.as of Christmas nite and the deliv of the 2nd phone neither device works well trouble loading Apps. won't load games or music,charging is horrible wont send pix  while talking ur subjects come thru with heavy static.going in and out, and if u put ur call on speaker it sounds like ur subject is under water with gravel in their mouth :)  HELP!!  if returns are not an option may I please exchange sirs?  Signed big bro.N dog house!!  (jordanEwell)White phones 2 purchased nov,and dec 2013 the Quad band Sim android 4.1Os touch screens

It's not working and it's not good. It always turn off and you can't download anything on it. Don't buy this phone

this phone is not what it seems, most of us have a paranoid voice inside our heads that warns us about our network security now and then, well that voice starts speaking very loud with this one.The phone comes in Chinese Language and most applications you can get in the United States are BLOCKED on this phone. If you plug an SD card into this phone and take it out and plug the same sd card in a real Samsung Galaxy S III, verizon(your phone carrier) doesn't even recognize what kind of phone you have anymore. The phone has a factory reset button, but DOESN'T I REPEAT DOES NOT RESET THE PHONE. The phone keeps all the information you put on it, including passwords, etc.. The phone says it is an S4 on it with HD video, has neither and if you try watching a movie on the phone you see your reflection the entire time.

I purchased this phone for my daughter I ended up having to still buy the Samsung galaxy 4 thru at&t we Could not use this phone it is a beautiful phone but it would start dialing on its own and shutting down when it got ready, and couldn't receive any pictures but I will say that fude trading was very cooperative and nice when it came to returning the phone or getting my refund they were excellent to work with and I thank them for that!! They made everything very easy for me. And always answered my emails back.

Battery is horrible. It never charges. charging plug is too loose and phone is tremendously slow. Phone is garbage Would not recommend to anyone

I bought this phone for a great deal.  It looks exactly like the galaxy s4.  The biggest concern was sendibg and receiving pictures.  I tried every apn settibg and couldn't get it to work.  The internet was only 2g speed as advertised. I expected it to be a little faster. The internet moves entirely too slow for me.  There was an intermittent problem with the keyboard not popping up.  Maybe it was just my phone, I dont know. But if you are wanting a phone for wifi, calls and text, then this phone may work for you. Even with the keyboard issue a quick reboot would solve that issue.

all featurings of this cell phone are all i need to use in my job and my dayly life, i love it.!!

All apps works well how ever when I make a call I cannot hear the person on the other end and it because of this I find it useless and a waist of money

Why would sell some crap and it have stop working in one week....The phone wont even vibrate any more..Will not turn on or nothing...Either send me another one of give my money back...

My girl wanted this phone so i got it for her and its junk! Its always low on memory. Will not get incoming calls. I give it a -5 stars

Worst phone I have ever owned in fact I returned it. I really liked the looks of this phone. Thanks

No wifi. Too slow. Screen resolution is poor. Will not recommend it to anyone. The black version is much better.

the phone work for a week and switching out batteries twice and the phone went dead and havnt came back on...not a good buy

This by far has to be the WORST mobile device I've ever had.  It's super slow, it freezes up every 5 minutes, cuts off and on when it wants to, and takes forever to charge, when the charger decides to work.  I'd rather not have a cell phone at all then have this worthless peice of crap!

Not for the U.S,wouldn't give it any stars if had the option.

**DON'T buy this phone! It sucks ! The service goes in and out too much. The camera shows up green. The camera quality is HORRIBLE! It don't have a lot of space, even if you put a memory card in it. The phone freezes up too much, If you use it with Straight Talk it wont be a 2g or even 3g phone. You cant find a case that fits it. The phone is worth NOTHING ! I wouldn't recommend this phone to anybody.

this phone is very very slow but calling and texting is good but web and trying to download apps sucks bad....do not purchase this phone any one please

It is a very nice phone! I'm from Venezuela and this works perfectly! do not know why so many negative reviews about the battery and camera. These 2 me work perfect.

SLOW.....SLOW.......And '''SLOW......terrible  cheap

Apps and internet function very very slow or not at all on wifi and mobile,  Battery depletes within minutes of light use

No! Sending it back didn't work right the screen would go black then it would freeze! I would have to take out the battery .

I like the phone! UI is a little slow, but overall it's alright. Was under the impression that it was the same size as the Samsung Galaxy S4, but it is bigger! The screen is the same size, but the phone is not! Luckily it came with a case because the one I bought that is for the Galaxy S4 doesn't fit. That's mostly the only problem I have with it. :)

the phone was to slow for me and it didn't work half of the time. the refund was very fast that was a good thing so i got a new one.

This phone sucks bad. It simply doesn't work. The Internet rarely comes up and when it does it kicks you off. The microphone doesn't work so you can n't speak to the phone. When you are composing a text message it takes so long before the keys press down and the words to appear on the screen. You can not and will not be able to play any games. I couldn't play Pet Rescue or Candy Crush. The phone has Chinese language everywhere. The phone reminds me of the fake Nike Shoe but its the fake phone version. A child wouldn't be satisfied with this phone. I am differently not happy with it and Yes, I want a full refund now Please, and thank you phone seller and rip off person.  Ocean Cross shouldn't be allowed to sell these phones through Amazon.

everythi,ng about this phone sucks.its all in chinese, no gps,facebook,games and you cant even add apps, the apps it does have cant be removed not even by your carrier last week the price was 129 now its 59 i wouldnt buy it if it was 5 its a big waste of money and its not even an android like it advertises its a htm what ever the hell that is.i just returned mine and went to the at@t cell phone discount site and got a real S4 for 150 and it came with cases and bluetooth earbuds
