
For me, this is the perfect phone.  I wanted the voice to text feature to be correct, and it absolutely is.  Battery life is fantastic.  It is designed with brilliance.  It may not have all the &#34;bells and whistles&#34; than some phones have, but it is a stud.  It performs to every design standard.

Great phone. Be careful...amazon reverts you back to a new basic two year plan in the small print. I was on a month to month plan w at for the last three years and found myself w a basic plan w no texting or data or voice mail. Had to go to an art store to have it all added at a premium. First time I've been screwed by amazon

I love this phone, we have two  iphone 5's and an HTC one on our household, I love the HTC one screen, but don't like the dimensions. The Apple products are great, but you are stuck with the ugly ios operating system.The Moto X is an handsome phone, the price is right, you can buy one unlocked for $399 or almost free on contract, the dimensions are just right for a person with average hands and did I say it's thin and beautiful? it feels like it belongs on your hand, i love the way the glass goes over the edge of the phone. no more grime stuck in the crack at the edge of the glass.This is the phone i will buy my family from now on.

Reasonably fast. Decent at holding charge, but I also switch off services like GPS and WiFi when I don't need them. Touchless interface is very cool and quite useful, but it wakes up wrongly at least once a day on average. Wish we could change or have more commamds. Camera is not the greatest, though it is sufficient for me.

I thought I loved this phone but all of the sudden the camera app kept giving me errors and then it would only open in front facing/selfie mode and gave me no option to change to rear facing. I couldn't take any pictures with the regular rear camera. Very annoying. I tried to reinstall the camera and reboot several times. Even did a factory reset and now I have to send the phone back to Motorola under warranty for a replacement or repair. Also I googled this issue and found it happened to others as well so its obviously a bug in the phone. I wouldnt advise buying this phone until they fix the bug that causes this and it might be the way the cameras are wired in the phone so you might want to wait for the next model of this phone to come out!

The Moto X is a solid, well built and comfortable device to use. The UI is very close to stock Android and because of this it gets updates (in general) faster than most other Android phones.The only negative I can take away from this AT&T; branded device is that the bloatware AT&T; has bundled with the device causes battery drain due to not letting the phone go into deep sleep. Yes, many applications do this, but the reason I make this statement is that you cannot remove it or disable it without rooting the device. Go with the unlocked GSM device to rid yourself of AT&T; junk apps.

Don't get us wrong, this is a great phone. We were both disappointed that the phone and screen were smaller than my Galaxy S3, and there were several non-customizable features, like the contacts layout, that she didn't like in the operating system. The screen display is amazing and of course so is Android Kit Kat, but the features were the killer for her. Perhaps if it wouldn't void the warranty to flash a custom ROM..... but no, the newest, most advanced phone on the market is smaller than my S3?Thanks, Google (owners of Motorola Mobility), but I'll hold out for the Galaxy S5 or MAYBE a Nexus 5, because this one just fell flat.

Love the phone and all the bells and whistles it has.  The iphone is overrated and Motorola has been my choice since the 90's.  I actually had one of those archaic 30 lb phones from Motorola back in the 80's but back to this review.  It has too many features to mention, and for a complete rundown just visit the motorola site.  They also have a great support staff that will answer any of your questions through chat.  I love the feature that you can use voice command to make a call even though your phone is locked and sitting on your desk nearby.  The one thing I don't like is the command phrase which isn't customizable: &#34;Okay Google Now&#34;  If that was customizable I'd like it a lot more, but I have to advertise Google every time I want to use the hands free feature.  Oh well, what can you do?

To start with, I have the Verizon Moto X - your network experience may vary, but the phone hardware/software are still relevant.This is absolutely the best Android phone, and I'd say simply best mobile phone, to date.Since the Galaxy Nexus, I'm convinced that the plain, unmodified Android 4.x OS is the best way to experience an Android phone. The plain OS is fast, and elegant in design. Unfortunately, the Galaxy Nexus hardware was a bit flakey and dated, and the Moto X was the closest to a Nexus phone I can get for VZW. There are a few Motorola specific apps preinstalled, but they are worth it when viewing the phone as a complete system.First, the phone itself - I love the design - the size, curve, feel and weight are just right. Even though it's not a hyped up metal case, the phone feels solid and fits nicely in the hand (I've actually had a hard time putting it down). The default Black "weave" color looks awesome. The phone is slightly smaller than the Galaxy Nexus, and shows that the trend of bigger smart phones does not equate to a "better" smartphone - just bigger. The display is certainly large enough, and looks very sharp and bright. More importanly, the Moto X fits easily in any pocket, and likely just about any hand. The phone is very responsive and quick at the OS, application, and network levels (especially if using wireless AC). Voice recognition is spot on, and works even when the phone is "sleeping". Battery life with general usage seems at least enough to last through most of a day - the battery isn't removable, but it's slightly larger than the "extended" life battery I had in the Galaxy Nexus, and the phone has been lasting between charges longer than the Nexus with the extended battery did.This is truly a "smart" phone unlike most others with that name. Using various sensors, hardware, and applications, the phone knows its position, orientation, location, speed, and will change how it functions based on programming and user-input. For instance, The Assist application allows you to set your sleep times, and the phone can then be configured to not ring, or only allow "favorite" contacts to ring during this time. When the phone senses it's in a vehicle, it automatically kicks into a "driving" mode, where you can configure Assist for things such as a autoresponse that you are driving and will message back, and read text messages/caller IDs to you. A meeting mode will examine your calendar info, and provide you with automatic silencing of phone sounds and other options. Especially useful for meetings is the Active Notifications functions - keep the phone face-up, and you'll get silent notifications on the lock screen that you can discreetly access with a single touch (turn the phone face down and the Active Notification feature turns off). The Moto X also can tell if it's in a pocket and turn off Active Notifications to save battery life.Voice control is a key part of this phone - you can easily speak to the phone (even in sleep mode) to place a call, send text messages, get information, schedule appointments - just about any basic function of the phone can be accessed via voice commands. Siri? Who the heck is Siri? :)I've used plenty of mobile phones and "smart" phones over the past 15 years (Motorola, Qualcomm, Sony, Kyocera, HTC, Samsung, Blackberry, among others). I took a close look at current VZW offerings (Nokia Lumina, HTC One, new Motorola Droids), and I am confident in saying that the Moto X is the best phone I've used or "test drove".Update - Sep 11, 2013.I'm really, really impressed with the battery life on this phone. I've been letting it (or trying to let it) run down to 10% or less before charging (which probably isn't necessary, but I'm an old school battery memory guy), and have been getting to 36+ hours between charges so far. My use is usually about an hour talk time, various text/messenger messages, facebook browsing, playing with the voice commands, email push updates, and for the first few days, download/configuration of various apps.

Amazing phone with lots of great features. Still finding new things to do with it. I love how fast it responds to me.

This phone blows my old windows phone away.  The low power notifications feature is awesome with no unlocking needed to check status.  Applications run smooth as silk.  No complaints at all.

Replaced my daughters Atrix II phone, like me she doesn't drink the Apple Kool Aid.She likes the battery life two full days now, much faster made in the USA.only issue there was a small spot in photo's cleaned the lens it didn't go away then after almost giving upit went away on its own, there maybe a floating piece in the camera lens time will tell if it comes back.

I have the Moto X, but I use Republic Wireless, so I will only be talking about the device itself.The device is a fun little gadget. As a device to play games and apps on, it appears to be excellent. It is responsive and easy to use. I have not have any problems that resting device doesn't fix (a very rare occurrence). However I will say that notifications for text messages are very strange. I will not say that I am disappointed in it, but I will say that I am confused by some of the setting features and the notification system. I am used to a feature where it will alert you to how many unread message you currently have at all times. The Moto X will alert you when you first get the message, but then it will disappear. So if you activate your device without looking at it and you miss the message, you will not see the text message unless you happen to open up the Messenger app. Also, there does not appear to be a uniform way to get messages. You can get text messages from Google Hangouts, the Messenger app, and Skype and they will all be indifferent places with a different notification type. I know you can get an app from the Play Store that can help with this, but I still find it frustrating that the Moto X doesn't do this have a way to do this on its own. Also, when you go into the settings to adjust the notification volume for text messaging, it is hard-linked to the volume that also controls music and app sounds. This seems like an ill-conceived idea. I don't necessary want my music to be any louder just because I want the text message alert to be louder.The phone works off of the Google People app, which links to your contacts through Google Plus. Syncing with Google Plus isn't a problem, though I did have to do a lot of manual entry of my contacts due to not having many Google Plus connections. I have accidentally hung up on a lot of people due to the hang up button being right next to my cheekbone. The hang up button is extremely large and while the screen deactivates while you are holding the phone up to your face, if you are talking while lying down or holding the phone against your shoulder, the screen can come back on and your face will press against the button. This takes some getting used to.So as a mobile device, I would say it is great. As a phone, I would have to give it three stars at best.

Perfection at least for AT&T;, for my family member who is a geek/nerd on AT&T;, as of myself I am on Verizon and got even a slightly better - Moto DroidMaxx (increasingly known for its catastrophically excellent batttery (3500mAh/approx. 2880 minutes far beyond Samsungs' latest yet still dismal 900-1300 minutes [iPhone I consider a toy, not a biz. tool]), in a physical size standard of a regular Android with 5" screen, with most all specs equal or appealing - forget Samsung (and surely forget iPhone nonsense).  My mom was enticed into Samsung several years ago when it propelled Android over iOS, for which Samsung deserves a credit, but already in those years in 2010-2011 (?) we got "Moto Atrix" - Motorola's first blockbuster, since a decade earlier of their iconic Razr V3xx-series, now Motorola a subsidiary of Google Corporation, repeated that hit of V3xx, then Atrix, and now - Moto X on AT&T; or slightly better (esp. battery, display memory) DroidMaxx on Verizon, I am completely don't see a reason for a business prof. to suffer from a Samsung or iPhone.  Analyze specs = fact Motorola is a radioelectronics / semiconductors company by birth - other Smrtphones mayve flaky extraneous features you may never need, but Motorola as traditionally good with what phone is meant for in the first place:MAKING CALLS.  VOICE, RADIOS, I got 2 other units on a remote island in the Pacific which could not maintain a conversation, but Motorola could despite weak signal & noise!So,for me it's either "Moto X" on AT&T; or "Moto DroidMaxx" on Verizon, though Verizon also offers "Moto X" now, in fact "Moto X" is (unlike DroidMaxx overkill) offered by all wireless carrriers whereas "Droid Maxx" is exclusive to Verizon, basically Maxx's unique feature is its unique battery, bigger display, a few minor changes comparing to "Moto X", and Moto X is the first Motorola made under the roof of Google (a division of Google Mobility now).SPECIAL NOTEs: BEWARE!*) New generation, not just from Motorola, but other makers, are often without an SDcard slot, which from engineering standpoint is 100% justified, I won't waste space here explaining, X comes with 32GB internal memory with fast/zero lag performance and enough for 99% users, those who want to expand (and suffer with SDcard latency or dataloss), can plug SDcard via USB OTG cable, costs varies from 2 bucks for a cable on Amazon to $10-14 for a cable+SDreader, Google for details as I've little time to explain.**) To connect external displays, the few people who insist on it (trust me, 99% customers don't need, but if you do read below): this new device is using Miraast protocol to stream/mirror its screen to another big screen wirelessly via WiFi, other options include ChromeCast, same idea but different protocol, other methos include just hacking.  ALL Displays, TV's, etc. work with MiraCast, Chromecast, whatever even if old - new ones have it built in, old ones only need a cheap Miracast or similar dongle, some even take it via USB (avoid USB, though, totally not meant for video and its wide bandwidth, video over USB is like swimming in Tuxedo).So beware that new devices recently come without an SDcard slot beause their internal memory is huge enough for 99% customers and getting rid of insecure, unreliable "secure"Digital slots is correct in my opinion, but if you insist - use SDcards via OTG cable (connect to Moto X's USB port), though you *MAY* need to use a thrid-party software if MotoX, DroidMaxx, Samsungs, etc were updated to Android 4.4 or something, which is rumored to sometimes block USB MassStroage function which implies blocks use of OTG cable (?) but third-party utilities (or just a total root), get around it;And that HDMI port is replaced with wireless video streaming, which unlike SDcard change, I am not fan of (RF radiation is enough already, don't like more) but get used to it... don't compain, there's a reason for everything.

In this case, "unique" is a GOOD thing!  Most phones have pretty much nothing new to offer, but this one is the exception.  I bought the 32GB AT&T; version of this phone and am completely satisfied.  All features work as advertised and battery life is excellent.  It is really convenient having your notifications displayed without even having to touch your phone.  I've noticed that the light sensor on the phone also wakes it up, so waving your hand over the sensor allows you to see your notifications.  I use the Motorola Assist app while driving, which works great to tell you if you have a call coming in and even lets you answer or deny the call by voice.  I'm really impressed with the "convenientness" of the phone.  A lot of thought went into making it better able to fit into your actual life.  To me this is accomplished with a mesh of convenient features, fast processing and battery life.  This phone is fast at opening apps, fast at running apps and at fast at voice recognition.  And it's actually pretty darned accurate with the voice recognition too!  Combine that with Google Now voice commands and this is a really powerful phone.  And the price is right!  I bought this phone with no contract when Google had a sale... $349 I think.Ok a few other things I'm impressed with.  Noise cancelling mics work wonderfully even with road noise in the car.  Mics work great in general, allowing me to sit the phone on my leg in the car while I drive and still have the person on the other end hear me well.  I plug the phone into my mp3 jack in the car for completely hands free conversations.  Access to the camera is also convenient and quick.  You can shake/twist the phone to access the camera.  If the phone is currently locked, you are still able to take pictures but not go into your picture gallery or run anything else which keeps your phone secure.  When notifications appear you can slide your finger to the notification and go directly to the app (although you must first unlock your phone if it is locked).  The phone feels solid and well made.  It feels good to the touch, although a bit thin to hold on to and the back is pretty slick.  Nothing negative in my book because I always get cases for my phones anyhow.  I was a little hesitant to get this phone before seeing it because of the resolution specs, but I am really impressed with the quality and crispness of the display.  It is just as crisp as the bigger phones with higher resolutions.Great phone outright regardless of price and great phone for the money!

I love this phone! I upgraded from a Motorola Atrix that i had for 2 years, which i liked at first, but it was soooo slow. The Moto X is beautifully designed, it's just the right weight, and size that i was looking for-it is bigger than the Atrix, but still fits in my pocket. One improvement i noticed over the Atrix, is the sound quality-it's amazing. I also like the front/rear facing camera. The only complaint i have is that it wouldn't let me custom design it,unless i bought it straight from Motorola. I chose the at&t next plan, and it only gave me the option of black and white. I chose black, and just bought a nice blue case for it on amazon, with a kickstand "thingie" so i could watch shows on Netflix while on my lunch at work without having to hold it. Also, i had heard it runs through the battery quickly, but i haven't experienced that to date, and to be honest, it charges so fast, I don't see how it would be an issue anyway. Great phone, and got a great deal from at&t. Very happy with my purchase.

I upgraded from an Atrix 2 and with one exception this is one fantastic phone.  The volume & clarity of the phone are great, the screen is outstanding and it was a snap to transfer all my files and settings over using the Motorola Migrate App.The one issue is that it only has 16 Gb and I can't add an SD card.  I really wish they had kept this feature.The size is only on a tad more than the Atrix 2 and it's a lot skinnier.  The battery lasts me all day... where with the Atrix I found about 3 or 4pm I needed to charge it.

First impressions - 5 stars.  We'll update later on as we get more time with it.Compared to the Atrix HD the Moto X is a bit smaller - the screen size is almost identical.  Space was removed at the edges to bring the screen right up to the edge.  Note:  Be careful with cases, as they may impeded finger swipes right at the extreme edges.  While the size difference is not drastic, this phone just feels better in your hand...I would say perfectly sized.Overall there are not many drastic improvements over the Atrix HD, but it does seem like things are improved.  First, the HD camera actually appears to work on this phone (it skipped and missed on the Atrix).  I like the positioning of the camera to the middle of the phone body.  On phones with the camera towards one side, I was always getting my finger over the lens.  Battery life is a bit better than the Atrix, but of course this battery is brand new.  I hope it continues to be better in years 2 and 3.Making this new phone look just like my Atrix was fairly simple.  Motorola Migrate was used.  This took care of TEXT message history, pictures, etc.  Very simple and nice.  The thing that took the most time was getting all of my APPs back.  I guess I thought Migrate would do this but it doesn't.  So I found that going to the PLAY store on the web allows me to see ALL of my APPs for all devices.  Then you can pick an APP and say update or send to device.  This worked fine, but was tedious.  I have a little over 100 APPs.  I don't know why Google doesn't allow you to just have a CheckBox per device, and just let you select which APPs go to which device.  Seems easy to implement to me.So, so far so good.  Call quality seems very good - at least on my end.  Integration with my car BlueTooth and BlueTooth headset was seemless.  Phone overall seems faster - which I expected.  I really like the display that lights up and shows the time when I pick it up.  This was one of the reasons I would turn the phone on - to see the time.  Now I just pick it up or wave my hand over it.So, a very nice upgrade.  I'm very pleased at one week in.31 October 2013 - UPDATE - After a month of use, I could not be happier with this phone.  The battery life is MUCH better than my Atrix HD.  Not sure if this is just better management or if the older battery was failing, but I can get through a day now without needing to charge it.  I have had a good opportunity to use the movie camera, and finally, this one works very well.  I never could get a good video out of the Atrix HD due to chopping of the video/audio.  Everything just seems to work on this phone.  No power offs, good performance, etc. I never need to reset the device.  Wireless and bluetooth work seamlessly.  I really like the form factor, a little smaller than the Atrix HD, but same size display, very comfortable in the hand.  Nice job Motorola!  It took you a while , but you finally got there!

Easy phone to just pick up and use, great screen  clarity and size without the tablet-sized bulk of most of today's smart phones. So pleased with this purchase decision

This Motorola phone, which is assembled in the USA(!) has been called the most innovative cell phone of the year. It is fast, has a beautiful display, and is fun to use.  A dedicated processor allows it to instantly wake up and respond to commands.  I particularly like the voice-driven navigation feature.

Good phone. Met all of my expectations. Very fast operating system and is thin and sleek. I like it a lot.

It has everything that I ever wanted.This phone is great, it has an excellent performance, until today I do not have any complaints about it. Google voice is just smooth and accurate, motion sensor are impressive, the screen has just the perfect size, it is just the perfect phone for me.

Ordered 8/31/2013 via Moto-maker.  Received a phone call two days later stating I should call them to clear up an activation issue.  When I called, representatives could not figure out what was wrong with the order and kept transferring me to different departments.  After two days of phone calls that they initiated one rep finally seemed to resolve the issue.  Then as the est delivery date approached, I noticed my phone was still not shipped.  I called to make sure everything was ok with order.  Rep changed the shipment date three times after I questioned him on his "promised" delivery days... I do no think the reps are well trained.  They have generally been unhelpful.  They are pleasant to the point of being annoying; constantly marketing scripts about how Motorola wants to make sure customers have a great experience.I tried to cancel the order but they would not allow me to cancel so close to shipment date...wow what an annoying experience!Hopefully will receive phone sometime in the near future and be able to amend the rating after finding the amazing utility this phone potentially has!Addendum 9/7/2013A pleasant surprise.  I received the phone today 9/7/2103 (initially ordered 8/31/2013).  Not too bad.  Rep on phone claimed that deliveries were not made on Saturdays.  I guess they were wrong about something else again.  I am happy to have received the phone in a timely manner despite the customer service frustrations.  I am amending my initial rating and will update rating after using the phone for a while.Addendum 9/10/2013After using phone for a few days it is pretty much everything I expected.  Very good feeling phone.  Takes a little getting used to the smaller the screen but nice to have a smaller form factor again (I am coming from a note 2 and have previously owned an iphone4, incredible 2, evo4g, blackberry bold, iphone 3gs).  The always on/hands free functions work well and is one of the things that puts this phone above all the others.  Below is a summary of my thoughts.Pros:1. Customizatble: Motomaker website is nice and allows personalization that is not available anywhere else.  Good choices and it is fun making a personal phone!2. Form factor: 4.7 inches is a great form factor for me.  I do not watch a ton of videos and do not play a ton of games.  I mostly do emails, text, read news, and use apps like maps, epocrates etc.  I play games once in a while and do watch some videos but this is a perfect size for me.  I like the portability of the phone and the shape & weight.  It feels great.  In fact I would say it is the best feeling phone I have ever used in terms of holding and carrying it.3. Battery Life:  Excellent.  Gets me through a day of use in a small form factor.  Nicely done.4. Processor: Good enough.  Gets choppy when I use lots of apps serially but I expect that.  Only time will tell if the processors are good enough to "future proof" this phone.  But I think it will hold up pretty well.5. Software:  Motorola really has done something very different and practical with their version of android here.  Handsfree works well for me.  I especially appreciate it when I am driving.  But I actually find myself using it more than I thought I would.  I even use it sometimes when I am just sitting around.  The skin is light which I really like also.  Camera gesture is awesome and I have found myself using the camera more these past few days.  If this keeps up this phone is worth it just for these reasons...I use the functions on the phone more!  If I take more pics and use the functions of the phone more then that pretty much makes the case for me to buy this phone vs others just on that fact alone.  Notifications are also second to none.  I can see messages pending to be read without having to touch any buttons when I pick the phone up.  Something as simple as that is a great feature.6. Voice phone calls clear and signal strength good.Cons:1. For me Moto maker is one of the factors that make this phone distinctive.  So although personalization is a "pro" the service failed horribly because of the customer service.  I almost did not get the phone because of the moto maker experience.  Actually I was almost not able to get the phone because of the customer service...After ordering the phone, waiting about a week to get it, going through torture during that week to make sure I got it, and then using it for about 4 days, I have to say I would recommend this phone.  Great feeling and looking phone while being very functional.  Minus one star for horrible moto maker experience because of customer service.

First my husband feels this was NOT a brand new phone as he noticed flaws in the screen. I am not as picky as him and was excited for my first new phone. Activated it Wednesday and on Sunday it quit working completely - it would randomly vibrate but the screen would not come on nor would any reboot work. I chatted with Motorola's customer service online and they also could do nothing and offered to send me a &#34;like new&#34; phone and I could return this to them. Sorry, this phone was 5 days old and I don't have a contract and paid full price so I was NOT accepting that answer. Thank God Amazon has a great return policy - I sent it back and have a new one coming tomorrow. Now, I am paying $40+ for overnight shipping and taxes but I need a phone (I originally bought it a few days before FL started collecting tax from Amazon)! I am ONLY giving this phone another chance as I also spend $100 on cases and those aren't interchangeable.

I love this phone, much much better than my Galaxy S2. I am satisfied for the price i paid. Got it for free with 2 year contract.

Was debating between the HTC One and the GS4.  Then I started reading more about this, and its varying dedicated processors, and it's overall smaller size.  I couldn't be happier.  This phone is a champ!  I'm not a fan of the large screen sizes of the GS3 or GS4. This has all the features available via apps, much less bloat-ware pre-installed, and it's smaller and extremely responsive!  I highly recommend giving this phone a serious look.

Very nice phone.  One problem though you cannot replace the battery!!!!!?Operating system android needs a lot of work.In not Mark e-mails as read.  Cannot say e-mails.  Cannot save text messages.  Once you lock your screen with password you cannot unlock it and last year use the password.  Which means for every incoming call you have to take it out of its holster unlock it and then answer the call very inconvenient when you are using a Bluetooth device.  Widgets I cannot figure out a use for them.  All you have to do is open the program.  No upgradable memory card slot.  In convenient charging port needs to be moved to the side.  Can not cancel calls.  Cannot block numbers.  Too many glitches to get into.  I operating system needs a lot of work.  Battery time 29 min., not even a short trip the grocery store.  Not many accessories.

Setup is a little crazy, the upgrade changes everything, so start all over again. It's an okay phone, I think it's worth the money.

In the effort of impartiality, I will run through the phones/OS's I've used in the last year - I've had the iPhone 4, iPhone 5, Blackberry Z10, Windows Phone Nokia Lumia 920, HTC Evo LTE, HTC One, Samsung Galaxy S4 & now, the Moto X (I get complimentary phones through work, I'm not just indecisive!).In using each operating system, there were always small niggles that I did not like - with the iPhone, it was the small screen and lack of customization...in the S4 and One, it was the dismal battery life...in the Lumia, it was the lack of major app support.  Finally, I received the Moto X, and switched to it, and here after about two weeks of use, I can honestly say that it's the best phone I've ever used.It feels great in the hand - the size is perfect - not too small like the iPhone 5, not too big like the HTC One.  The back is slightly curved which feels amazing in the palm.  The screen is bright and vivid, and although the resolution isn't as great as some phones, I can't really tell a difference.  I also don't watch many videos on my phone, so that may be something to look at if you're a heavy video user.Now, the battery life.  I travel quite a bit for work, and need my smartphone to get me from place to place, airport to airport, etc.  The battery life on this thing is amazing!  For example, my Galaxy S4 (which is still lit up, although on a different network) can be fully charged at the beginning of the day, left on a dresser all day without touching it, and it will be dead by the time I go to bed.  On the Moto X, I've used it pretty normally all day long and it'll still have plenty of life left when I hit the sack.  The battery life is amazing on this phone.  With my HTC One, I needed to lug a big Mophie case along with it all day just to keep me charged throughout my work hours - not so with the X.One really amazing draw for this (for me) is the notification system.  It will show you on the lock screen what notifications you have - and you don't even have to touch the phone.  The voice activation, although cool, does not work for me, as I have an exchange account linked for work that requires a password - if you have a password on your phone, the voice activation does not work until the phone is actually unlocked, kind of defeating the purpose.Although on a spec sheet, this phone is not really special compared to Samsung and HTC's flagships, this phone is absolutely quick as heck - whether scrolling through menus or jumping online, everything is smooth and a breeze.  Do not pay attention to specs!In closing, this is the closest that I've seen to my perfect phone.  I know that phones are VERY subjective, but if you're in the market for a new smartphone, jump into a Best Buy Mobile and check one out - I think you'll be pleasantly surprised.

After having the Siii (also a great phone) and the first iteration of the Nexus 7, I was looking for an android device that wasn't necessarily a powerhouse, but efficient, fast, and well... just works. From the moment I activated the phone I've been smiling. The Moto X is the phone I've been looking for. If you do want the powerhouse, get the Nexus 5 or the S4. If you're looking for a phone that has some very nice hands free (read: great for driving) features with good battery life --get the Moto x.

This has been a wonderful phone. Phones are a touchy subject, and the right phone for one person isn't necessarily the right phone for everyone.I am an android developer and have access to almost any android phone that comes to market. At my disposal I have the Nexus 5, HTC One, Nexus 4, etc. The Moto X is my daily driver. (The nexus 5 is very nice, but still a bit big for me)- I love the size of it. I have fairly small hands and the bigger phones are just too cumbersome for me. The trend to larger phones was disheartening, but I'm excited to see some good contenders in the smaller handset market.- I love that it is always listening, and sometimes ask it questions from across the room without having to go pick it up.- Battery life has been great for me compared to some other devices, such as the Nexus 4.- The phone performs well for what I've thrown at it, and the interface is responsive. I don't play many mobile games so raw performance is low on my priority list. But I still demand a snappy interface.- Motorola connect that allows me to get my text messages in the Chrome web-browser has been very convenient!- All in all, this is my favorite android phone so far! As I said, everyone has different needs / taste in devices, but if you are thinking of trying the Moto X I recommend it.

My most necessary smartphone features in no particular order:-Long battery life-Feels great in my hand-Quick, responsive touch-Intuitive features-Good camera-Innovative features-Polished, minimal bugsHistory (feel free to skip it if you don't care, my feelings shall survive):Some quick history on myself and my smartphone usage. I have an Electrical Engineering background, so, while I'm not brilliant by any measure (I never worked as an enginerd), but I am marginally competent when speaking of electrical devices. Back in yesteryear (2007) I had a Blackberry 8800 - a great phone - for a year or so before I bought the game changer: the original iPhone. I've been a dedicated iPhone user since even though I hate most other things Apple makes and love Google with all my heart and soul. I briefly ventured into the world of Android once trading in my iPhone 3G for the HTC Rezound and switched back within months. Why? The Rezound had a beautiful screen, great camera, sounded great, came with amazing headphones, and was a good size. Unfortunately, it was also extremely buggy, had to be charged a few times a day, came with power hog HTC Sense, and was not terribly responsive.Comparison of Phones:Apple releases iOS7 and pulls a Windows Vista, making my iPhone 4S slow, decreasing its battery life, and making it less intuitive. My decision to go to Android was simple, but picking the hardware wasn't easy. My choice was between the GS4, the Moto X, and a short wait for the new Nexus 5. I hate Samsung phones. They're huge, they feel cheap, the battery life is poor, and they have a ton of unnecessary Samsung software that hinders the Android experience. I considered the GS4 because of all the positive reviews, but it's just not for me. The Nexus 5 only has rumors (though some strong and virtually concrete), and I don't have a need for the customizable nature of stock Android nor the grandiose technical specs of the phone. Yeah, I'm technical person, but I want my phone to work out of the box with minimal tweaking. Now, if you want to talk about the high frequency trading desktop I built that I program, trade, and compile on, that's a whole different story.Moto X (note: I've only had the phone about a week):Pros:-Battery rivals the iPhone. It seems the seemingly paltry specs on the Moto X are somewhat intentional. By powering down the phone and optimizing the way Android runs on it, they've maximized battery life while refusing to sacrifice performance.-This is the best feeling phone on the market, iPhones included. This fits in my hand unlike the Samsung juggernauts. It also doesn't feel as cheap and plastic-like (though it is plastic) as Samsung's. The honeycomb patterned countoured back is a thing of beauty asthetically and for my grip. Even with it's very light weight, at no point do I feel like I'm going to drop this phone.-The phone is snappy. So far I've experienced no lag. It is freaky fast. There are many phones that have beat it in benchmark tests, but I don't care about those tests if the Moto X feels reponsive whenever I touch it. Apps start in a flash, moving screens is equally as quick, and performing any tasks within apps, or switching apps, has been completley fluid.-The features are where I expect them to be for the most part. This is more a commentary on Android, so I won't say more. The only physical feature I don't enjoy is the lack of a dedicated "home" type button. The "lock" button is so close to the volume buttons that I've been confused between them many times. This is something the iPhone still does right.-Moto cameras have never been the best. They typically gravitate towards a purplish hue and don't have the punch that a Samsung camera has, nor the sharpness of a Nokia. It also lacks any features as it seems to be the stock Android camera app. Few adjustments, no filters. I haven't done extensive testing with the camera yet, so I will report more on this later. I have a 15 month old, so this is a vital feature for me even though I have a competent amateur with a point and shoot and multiple SLR's.-Innovative features are aplenty here. The much hyped Google Now is what Siri aspires to be and then some (though Siri does have some humorous sass added in). The always listening Moto X answers questions from my voice quickly, even letting me know when it has heard my question. It can also let me perform actions on the phone like making calls, composing texts, etc. The only thing I found lacking is that many of the actions do still require one final button press after dictation. This seems unnecessary. Can't I just confirm with another voice command?There's also Motorola Assist that can be set to do different things when it senses you driving (reads your texts to you, tells you who is calling), sleeping (set your sleep hours, silence your phone, etc.), or in a meeting (silence phone, auto reply to missed calls from favorites, etc.).  Early reviewers had issues with Moto Assist, but I haven't... yet.The only cool feature I've had issues with is the Quick Capture where you turn your wrist a few times to turn on the camera from whatever screen. I can't seem to get it to work consistently, and I'm not sure if I'm doing something wrong. I've tried going fast, slow, twisting it twice or three times, and anything else inbetween. When I do get it to work sometimes from the lock screen, the lock screen remains over most of my phone, while the camera turns on and displays on the top and bottom slivers of the screen. Which brings me to...-The only one of my necessary items I'd say it misses the mark on is the "polished, minimal bugs" bullet. I believe this is both a commentary on Android and the Moto X. Android has grown up quite a bit the past few years and is far more intuitive than it has ever been. I imagine it will continue to get even better in the near future. It still lacks some very basic functionality like one dedicated e-mail app (hey Google, sorry for having a Gmail and Yahoo e-mail account- I was young, I was stupid, but I have to live with it). The lock screen sometimes does not lock immediately which seems like a nice little security flaw. The camera that you jump to from the lock screen does not allow you to record videos. I could go on and on, but, as I said, this is both a commentary on the phone and Android, and I don't want to waste too much time on an Android review.Summary: At times this is a great phone, and I mean really great. There are some features here like the much hyped Google Now and Motorola Assist that hit the sweet spot of innovative and functional. There are also a decent bit of frustrating holes and whatnot to deal with. In the current market, I there's not a phone I'd rather own at any price point.

I love this phone.  Easy to use, Google now is awesome, the battery life is much better than I expected.  Better signal pick up than my last phone probably due to the new 4g lte towers.

First off my family has had Android devices for quite a while, with that said, I had a Galaxy S2 Skyrocket and simply after 2-years I was ready for an upgrade. My GS2 was a very good phone and never gave me any trouble. My major complaint was battery life, and I knew that when I bought it as I wanted the S3 but it wasn't available yet and my Blackberry was having more and more problems... so I had to get a new phone and bought the S2. So with that I was happy and when it came time to upgrade this time around.... I had three candidates I wanted to look at: Moto X, Galaxy S4, and Lumia 1020. So the selling point of the Moto X was it was a more pure experience and I could choose some options for it... so I went with the Moto X. It arrived quickly and was neatly packaged.Fast forward one month later and a handful of calls to Motorola and AT&T....; it came back to make me regret the purchase. For me smartphones need to be a great phone, a good internet device, and take a respectable picture. The Moto X just fell short for me.There are two glaring problems that are inherent in the phone at this time. First is Bluetooth. Every other phone I have had works for both phone and media content..... for this one the phone portion works but the media side is 50/50. I spent almost 2-hours with Motorola getting iHeartRadio to play in my cars via Bluetooth and then it still wouldn't play internet content through the car--- why? No answer available at this time. I do give Motorola a lot of credit, they stuck with me and worked through things for as long as I could spend with them on the phone. Another quirk is during calls with my Plantronics Voyager Legend headset it is fine and then all of the sudden on the other end I become distant and very quiet...once I disconnect the headset and then reconnect (just switch between the headset and the phone itself) it resolves the problem. Strange as it has never done it before and has not done it on our S3 that we have. And then there is my Bluetooth speaker that I adore.... I can only control volume on the speaker's physical volume buttons and not on the phone... really? Again a quibble that when you add a handful of them becomes a complaint. So with that, I can live with it, but since the S2, S3, and S4 that we have do not have the problem, this should not either as Bluetooth has been around for quite a while.Problem #2 is the camera. It ruined our Thanksgiving photos that I took. I have pictures from a trip earlier this year from my S2--- I still cannot believe they were taken with a phone, the Moto X is simply way behind the curve. Of course over this past weekend I played around with it and what I found was that if you zoom at all.... it distorts the picture/ pixelates it to the point where it is washed out and looks like I used a camera phone from 20-years ago if they existed. If you do not zoom at all...... it looks very nice and is actually equal to my older S2, unless you zoom then my S2 was leaps and bounds ahead. This is simply unacceptable as the S2, S3, and S4 take a better overall picture. And this was on Jelly Bean and Kit Kat for the Moto X, so no improvements when they did the OS upgrade.Otherwise, I love the phone. I really like the size of it and also the simple notifications on the screen.... great feature. "OK, Google Now" also works pretty well and for what it is I like it. Battery life for me is what I consider excellent. Where I work, one part of the building sucks the life out of the battery. On my S2 I was usually between 15-25% by lunch with less than 30-min of use. And yes I always charge my phone at night. With the Moto X it goes all day no problem-- and the worst after 12-housrs of normal use is 50% and I never worry about charging it during the day. I now am no longer tethered to a charger or portable battery which is great and something that you shouldn't have to do with normal use anyway.So for me I use all parts of a smartphone.... and with the Bluetooth being quirky and the camera being problematic- I have switched to one of my other choices... the Lumia 1020. I want to love it. I want to use it. But when it keeps fighting me on the basic stuff .... It has turned me away.UPDATE: I received my Lumia 1020 and I can say there is a difference. As I have stated before, I have been using Android powered devices for years and after using the Lumia, all works well. I went back and paired with the cars, speaker, and headsets.... everything works like it should including proper volume, displays, etc. I also just picked up a set of Jaybird Bluebuds X and the volume was wonky with the Moto X as the up and down would only lower the volume... the Lumia is spot on. So I am not going to get into much more except that there are a definite lack of apps for Windows phones, but with anything it can be dealt with and more will arrive over time. Overall the Lumia 1020 is very good and I am happy with it. If you want an Android powered device, go with the Samsung Galaxy S4 as we have one and it is great and works like it should.

This is the best phone I have ever had fast , light and enjoyable. Motorola did it right with this one the next best thing to a Nexus device.

Possibly the perfect form factor. Light and fits in my hand perfectly. Beautiful screen. Zippy processor. Nearly pure Android experience with a few extras you'll actually use. And the Active Notifications are amazing. I can't tell you how many times I nudge the phone to see the time or a notification without ever hitting a button. So simple, and yet no other phone has it.

When I dropped my MOTO-X on its corner, the glass screen that comes right up to the corner took a direct hit and cracked. I looked and instantly wondered why the MOTO-X was not built to avoid cracked glass screens caused by drops --- if it would cost no more. By merely ending the glass further from the corner, extending the metal in from the corner for extra strength, and leaving a space between the metal and glass screen, the MOTO-X could be made to withstand many, maybe all, consumer drops on its corner with not a penny extra cost!!Why so thoughtless a design, when its foreseeable that phones are dropped every day. My repair cost was over $200. The phone cost just $300 new with no contract.

I'm one of those people who like to get a new phone on a yearly basis instead of waiting out my contract. I also prefer to have more of a pure android experience.This phone is so close to stock Android that it gets updates extremely fast, but still has a few unique added features that keep it being a much better value than a stock android phone.I won't be looking for a new phone anytime soon. I love this device.

Moto X is a great phone if you know what it is and there if you know what to expect from it. The fact that it has clean android is reason enough to buy it; no more bloatware from AT&T, Samsung, etc. I have used Samsung Galaxy S, S2, and S3 over the past 5 years and quite honestly I cant complain with the Moto X. SUre, it might lack some of the features on the Galaxy series, but I hardly ever notice that. For the price, its a great value for money! Not giving the 5th start due to a few reasons - battery cannot be manually changed, external SD card not supported/allowed.

I am overall very happy with the cell phone, except that it will not automatically connect to my subaru outback bluetooth.

I paid $299 for my no contract Moto X from Republic Wireless. I have been with Republic Wireless for a month now and love them!! I pay $25 a month for unlimited talk, text, and 3G data. You can get unlimited everything including 4G data for $40 a month or you can switch to the $10 a month plan and you get unlimited talk and text anywhere but only can use data on WiFi but you can switch you plan 2 times a month from your phone and the rates are prorated so you only get charged for the days you use that plan!! The Moto X is an awesome phone!! I actually like it better than my iPhone 5 because the phone itself has features that the iPhone does not have (twist your wrist and the camera starts and its a better camera than the iPhone, it knows when you are driving and reads you texts, and active notifications are very nice too). I highly recommend this service and phone and if anyone wants to use the service after doing some research use this link and get an additional $19 off:[...]

I'm used to using my phone with a bluetooth headset whenever I drive, but I still couldn't text. Now it's possible to answer phones and text messages with just voice commands! I love this phone. I can imagine it has made driving so much safer for someone with a compulsion to answer calls/texts while driving!

I really like this phone. I drive a lot for work and having hands free is so important. I like that its always listening and now with the upgrades I can get directions and weather reports quickly operation is smooth, and the auto driving feature is the best. Motorola definitely hit a homerun with this phone.

This was a terrific upgrade from my old Samsung Infuse 4G. Much more responsive and it seems to have a lot less &#34;customization&#34;.This phone is a great size and weight. Screen is very sharp. I get 2 days out of the battery (I'm a fairly light user).

This phone lives up to all the hype. Only issue I have is not being able to tag, or apply descriptions to photos in the stock gallery.

I'm coming from a Samsung Galaxy SIII. Although the screen on this phone is 0.1&#34; smaller, I think it benefits the device overall. The phone feels great in the hand, this coming from someone with smaller hands. I can easily operate the device with one hand and its not so slippery feeling like the glossy plastic on the GSIII so you don't feel like you're going to drop it all the time. The screen is just crystal clear, especially for being a 720 display, and the battery life is awesome as well. But the part that really makes this such a killer device is the software. Its basically stock android with a few really good motorola features baked in. Its not so bloated like Samsung's TouchWiz software. If motorola keeps being as innovative as they have been with this device I will be a customer for life.

Love the fact it basically stock Android.  The Active Notifications and Motorola Assist are actually useful add ons. Also give Motorola props - already updated to KitKat.

I am biased.  I admit it.  This is my third Motorola phone, and it does not disappoint.  The upgrade was not without its snags, though.  My carrier is AT&T;, and even though I had an existing plan, this one did not quite match line for line with those currently available.  As a result, whoever did the paperwork (Not sure if it was Amazon or AT&T;) they dropped off my Text Messaging service.Second snag:  I accidentally locked the SIM card. When I logged into AT&T; to get the PUK code, the one provided did not work.  When I called Technical Support, both codes they provided did not work.  I had to wait until the next day to visit anAT&T; store to get a new SIM card and was without phone for awhile.It took technical support two days to figure out that ??? had dropped the messaging service from my phone.Ok, the phone.It is larger than my old phone, ATRIX 4GL, but it still fits in my back pocket.  It is lighter, and the integration with Google is tight, but not proprietary like the iPhone.Migrating the data from my OLD phone to my new one was pretty much painless for all android/playstore applications.  Now, even though you migrate these, you still have to sign in to each account/app and sync with the server to restore your saved data.- Rule one, before activating the new phone, make sure you open each app on the old phone and sync with their server (i.e. Endomondo, ShopSavvy, KeyRing, etc.).  This way, when you open the app on your new phone you can restore your data.Migrating Apps from Amazon was also easy, you have to download the Amazon Appstore to your new device.  When you open that you can select which apps to install from your Amazon Cloud.  Also, you may want to disable the old phone in your Amazon Account.The best way to do this is to hook your phone up to the USB for power options and do your upgrades while you are also on the computer.If you had Cloud or Google storage for your photos, then you can sync from the cloud, otherwise the Motorola Migrate app will transfer these to your new phone.Voice recognition on this phone is superb, much better than my previous phone.  The &#34;keyboard&#34; is also much better and easier to use.Email:  You have a choice of using the Email app for all your accounts, or you can use the vendor's apps (outlook.com, Yahoo Mail).  I like the vendor apps better.  Don't do both.  The GUI for the Email app is really nice though.  You swipe a message to the right to delete it.- downside is you have to swipe each one.- upside is that you don't have to select check boxesInstant Photos - you gotta love this!!! If you're like me and password protect your phone, you know how many shots you have missed because you had to log in first.  No more.  Shake the phone in a circular motion, and the camera activates; even though the phone is locked.Camera controls are really improved.  The new Slow Motion video feature is really nice.  Once the camera is activated, you can access controls by swiping an icon/label and selecting one or more features.  You can snap a bunch of photos without having to wait for the camera to reset.  Resolution is not top of the line, but is on line with other phones (10 megapixels).  Full HD video (1024 p).The phone comes with Assist, that (when activated) allows you to set preferences when you are driving, in a meeting or asleep. It will send a predetermined message to callers letting them know you are driving, in a meeting or asleep.That's all I can think of right now.  OK Google Now: voice recognition works pretty well. So far, it has opened or called the right people and webpages.Made in America!!! Did I mention that!!! Go USA!!!

First off let me say I was really excited to get this phone. Who else lets you customize your phone! Went to my local Wireless provider to purchase the Moto maker card. Should have been a clue when sales person told me this was the moto x they had sold. Got home went to moto maker designed my phone and nothing. The website kept freezing up or simply wouldn't work. This went on for a week. Called motorola customer service twice even went into my wireless providers store for help. They couldn't get the website to work either . Finally got the phone ordered one day after I was about to give up. Got the phone 6 days later. It was beautiful !If only the battery would stay charged.......The voiceless control worked..sometimes. More often not. The flick your wrist for camera , never worked . The camera was so-so. After this thing completely draining from 75% battery to completely dead overnight. With battery saver turned on, wifi off, Bluetooth off, sleep mode on all apps closed. It was ridiculous. By noon of each day it would be down to 60% battery after just light use. A phone call or two, a couple of texts, reading maybe 3 emails. I got fed up and returned it after 4 days. Don't get caught up in the hype for this phone.

Amazon sent me a refurb for the first one.  How could I tell?  There were text messages in the inbox when I turned it on and the volume up button wasn't working.  I'm assuming that's why the phone was returned the first time.  I returned it and received another promptly.  This one seems to be brand new.  Haven't had the phone long enough to give it a proper review but it's definitely nicer than my 4S on Sprint.  ATT 4G makes me feel tingly inside.

Great phone, Active notifications are amazing. Motorola does an amazing job of keeping their software up to date and is consistently pushing out updates
