
You can't speak your text into it for anything except google searches. Motorola Connect was a neat app/feature, but it quit working. It's an okay phone, but lacks some of the features of my old phone.

Awesome phone in a great size to fit in your pocket. Battery life is good, not great. I love the moto assist and driving mode.

I think this phone does everything I need in a phone it has a great camera the battery last longer than my last phone easy to Learn the functions I like it a lot

Motorola seems to have placed this phone in the market as a budget phone, giving it the lowest price among the phones in the Droid line.  But don't let that make you think this phone is a slouch.  It's not.  It has the same X8 processor system as the Moto X and the higher-end Droids and a nice bright screen with really good clarity.I haven't benchmarked the phone or anything, but it's fast enough that Real Racing 3 runs great and I never experience lag when interacting with the screen.  My previous phone was the Motorola Droid 4.  I love that phone but I always envied iPhone owners for the reliable smoothness of interaction with their devices.  Guess what.  That envy is now gone.  I don't know if it's the processor, the RAM, or if Android 4.2 is just that much better than 4.1, but I'm getting no screen stutter at all.I love the size of this phone.  I know huge screens are the hot thing on the market right now, but for an average-to-smaller-than-average guy like me, a gigantic phone just doesn't make sense and isn't comfortable to deal with.  So the size on this is great.  I do wish the surfaces were less glossy slick, though.  To address that, I've ordered the Skinomi Carbon Fiber appearance skin.  I'll update my review when it arrives and I get it applied.The other thing I wish were different is the lack of an sd slot, as others have said. I do wish it had that feature because I have a ton of music I wish I could put on the device, but it'll never fit.  That said, streaming services do serve as a pretty good stand-in, so it's a trade-off I can live with to get a smaller phone (remember when a 4.3 inch screen like this was considered huge?  ...not that long ago...) and quick performance.I'd definitely recommend this and the Moto X to anyone looking for a really good phone that isn't huge.  I almost went with the Moto X, but it's a little bit bigger, more expensive, and the curved back that everyone loves looks like it would make it difficult to elegantly apply the flat piece of metal used to make a phone attracted to the iMagnet phone mount I use in my car (a truly GREAT product itself, btw).

I bought this for my Son for Christmas.  He hates this phone! Said he would never buy another one. Hes 28!

To thomas...the screen protector may be covering your phones sensor...i had that issue. This phone is great. No complaints. I was very excitec about it was not let down. Great internet speed, love the camera and multiple photo function. This little phone offers all the perks of the other two new droids but in a smaller, more easily held package.

I was really looking forward to this new Moto mini as it was supposed to have almost identical internal components as the other two, ultra and Maxx.  Now while the internet speeds and wireless hookup have been amazing, realize I came from a older droid x with 3g, and the wireless would actually shut down the wireless system at work.  So the fact that this works so much better makes me ecstatic.  However I've found the sound quality in call is not very good, and the speaker phone doesn't seem to make it much louder.  The crazy part about this is that the ringer and notification sounds are highly adequate, the incall volume of the speaker phone is not even close to adequate.  Also the feature that makes your phone go blank while you are in call doesn't come back out of "slumber" when you take it away from ear,  meaning if you need to enter your account number while on a call to customer service, you won't get to, the screen stays blank, and the times when I have been able to get the screen to come back on in call, it goes blank after each number you type.  Talk about frustrating.  Also when ending a call, I like to be able to look at my phone and hit "end"  and know that it ended the call, this phone doesn't seem to allow that, so I'm not really sure whether the call has ended or not. Anyway, as of now that is all I have negative, but ultimately right now, i'm not very happy with the overall product, maybe after a software update things will get better.

Great phone!  Fast, reliable, awesome phon!  22 hour battery life during light app, heavy texting activity.  I have to charge every night.  I found the texting platform bland and needed to download an app that suited my needs.

I've been very happy with the phone so far. The active display is very convenient. I'm glad I chose the Droid Mini.

As a portable computer, not bad. As a phone, it doesn't do what I expect a phone to do: ring when someone calls, reliably notify me of voicemail, make outgoing calls, keep my contacts safe. Things like contacts and icons disappear at will. I can be sitting next to the phone and it doesn't ring for every call-rings about every other time. Maybe I have a faulty one, but I needed a phone, not a toy. It's great for online games and delivers email regularly, but a wrong swipe and your email is g-o-ne-e. And there seems to be some difficulty forwarding email--it gives me a few choices to which to forward, but I can't find out how to forward to the desired contacts. Guess I need to go to classes for that.  Doesn't it say something that I wasn't even taught to answer the thing when I bought it?  Then Ifound out that it needs charging three times a day minimum.  Last night I put it on the charger full (because otherewise it would be empty this am (been there, done that) and the thing was empty anyway. I had to plug it in to charge it--supposed to just lay it on its little charger. What idiot though I should swipe a telephone off the screen to hang up? You couldn't just add answer and end buttons to thepagee? I was finally able to put the contact icon on the bottom of the screen.so I could find it easily, but half the time I can't access all my contacts; there is something called back-up assistant, but it isn't assisting me: it's getting in the way. If I sound angry, I am.  I know that I'm late joining the android group, but I don't think one should need lessons in how to use a phone; I think a phone should be user friendly. My daughter had no trouble at all with her HTC rhyme which she got free from Verizon, or my friend with the Blackberry she bought.  When I went to Verizon for help the first time, the salesman's amswer was, &#34;I dunno.&#34;  I would not get it again. As soon as my contract is up, I'm dumping this one for a phone that works as a phone.

I'm 16 years old and have the droid mini. Before my driod, i had an Iphone. I loved the iphone.. But wanted something new. I would rate the iphone definitly a 4.8 out of 5 stars.I love taking photographs. With this phone, it has quick camera settings so you can get to your camera fast which is nice. But it is hard to focus. It kind of does it on its own and its not always where I want it. Yes I could use a camera, but who want to carry one with you everywhere you go. To take a photo you touch the screen anywhere. Usually it will focus on the foreground. But maybe I want the background etc. My iPhone (before my driod mini) took great photos!  But with this phone it limits the great photos.Another reason I liked my iPhone more was because it had a huge selection of apps. With an android you have a selection.. But apple just has more.  For example: In my art class we had an assignment. And our teacher told us about an app that could help. So we all got our phones out to download it. The people with iphones could get it. But the ones with a different brand couldn't because it wasn't in the play store.In my opinion, I think driods are more of a simpler phone. If you want enternet, call and text with an easy use and set up that's cheap. This is your kind of phone.If you are wanting good quality photos, fun apps with many to choose from, calls, texts, face timing, better internet, unlikely to break with a good case. Then this is defenitly your phone.All in all I wouldn't recremnd this phone.  Hope this helped!!

When the new line of Motorola handsets were announced (droid and moto x) many of us including myself just didn't seem very impressed. The new features were interesting but the specs just didn't hold up to the premium price they were asking for. I kind of just ignored them, and went on and bought an LG G2. When I saw the new Motorola lineup had been upgraded to 4.4 already it interested me, and I read some good reviews on them. I previously had a Razr M, I loved the size but it ran surprisingly sluggish, so I looked for a Droid Mini for a good price and snagged one up for a try.Design - If you used last year's Droid Razr M you won't be terribly surprised by the Droid Mini's build. It keeps the same really great design with its edge to edge display and narrowing lip on the bottom. The only big change is they added capacitive buttons on the bottom instead of having onscreen buttons. I for one welcome thing change, it leaves you with all of your screen space, and I personally hit those buttons by mistake a lot less. The material is a bit different, it is more all plastic now and less Kevlar/metal that the other one is. This detracts from the high end feeling a bit but it doesn't feel bad at all, and the Kevlar texture is still there. Along the back it has the camera in the normal spot, aside a decently large speaker that actually way out performs my S4 or G2 which is downright baffling.Performance - Like I said in the beginning, I was disappointed to see the lower end specs on this. All's that I can say is Motorola has really put a twist in the specs battle with some fantastic software people. HTC and Samsung both released mini versions of their flagships, however unlike them Motorola kept its flagship specs, making it really the only "premium" smaller device. The Droid mini is hands down the fastest device I have worked with. I have no issues or lag doing much anything or running anything. Performance wise, some websites tested compressing files, and converting videos and the old S4 pro in this beat out the snapdragon 600 in the Galaxy S4, and Htc One.  I had a Galaxy S4 and an LG G2 before this and they were fast but really just not as smooth, a lot more hiccups compared to this (more so the S4, my G2 wasn't so bad). It's like the Droid mini is running on the final build and the S4 and G2 are running on beta.Software - Here is where a lot of the magic happens. Firstly they have updated it to android 4.4 which is fantastic. Motorola's new simple but genius software additions are the breath of fresh air in smartphones that I haven't seen in quite a while. You first notice it when you pick up the phone, it senses you grabbed it and the "active display" shows the time and any notifications so I don't even have to turn on the phone, or you could flick your wrist and open the camera, like I said, simple and genius. It has the widely known is the touchless control, meaning you can control the phone without having to move a finger. You just say the line "ok google now" and your phone lights up and you can give it a command. One bad thing is A. this phrase is kind of long, it should be just "ok google" and 2. You can't customize it as far as I can tell. Using the Touchless control basically activates google now, allowing you to text people, get directions, or look up any dumb information like "are seahorses real?" One really awesome command that I found useful if it's stuck in the couch cushions is you can yell for it "ok google now" and if it hears you then you say "find my phone" it will start spouting out an alarm to find it!Along with those touchless controls you can have it sense when you're driving and set it to car mode where it will do things like read your text messages out to you automatically. Other cool software additions are you have a control center where you can locate your phone and set off alarms, or wipe it. Then you can get a Chrome plugin that will give you phone and text notifications as well as allowing you to respond to those text messages right from Chrome. I will stop with the software rant, but you get where I'm going, they are really thinking different and it's good.Storage - Not great for big media users, started with around 10gb right off the bat and no sd card. Coming from my 32gb G2 I was fairly worried. However, after I dropped all  my root files, random tv shows that I don't watch, and tons of giant apps/games that I don't use I found it easily usable. I have 3 movies, an audiobook, like 6 games, and maybe like 30+ apps installed and I have 4.21gb left. So while I'm not happy by lacking the space and sd slot, I asked myself what I actually use and it worked out just fine.Camera: Like I mentioned earlier, the camera is super easily launched, just grab the phone, flick your wrist and bang there it is. Controls are very minimalistic, you have a video/still button and a front camera switching button. Otherwise you just tap where you want to focus and it will take the picture decently quick.  It has some more advanced features and even slow mo, nothing like the S4 but it gets the job done and looks decent enough for my uses.Screen: Looks fantastic, I really think Amoled is where the future is going and it is a good future. Colors are vibrant, viewing angles are good, blacks are decently deep (though not as great as the S4). Motorola really said it right, the only advantage to a 1080p screen on these devices is you feed the battery more. Honestly I don't know how people tell the difference, and I applaud Motorola for not throwing a useless feature on there just to attract people who don't know better.Battery: Really an area I was worried about, reviews were mixed, it was the same size as the Razr M but now with higher specs, and more features. However it runs really close to the same as the Razr M somehow! I'm a fairly normal user, I do a decent amount of texting, I use chrome, ebay and amazon a lot, and do a small bit of phone gaming. Right now I'm sitting at 68% with just over 14 hours of use 1 hour 16 minutes screen time. So averaging this out I could probably get almost 4 hours of screen time, and well over a day and a half. So like the Moto x, the battery life is perfectly fine!Call Quality - Motorola has usually been known for using great radios. The Droid Mini is no exception, I haven't had a single issue and the calls have been great and clear. I get around the same signal as my G2 it seems so nothing worse or better, though I haven't done extensive testing.Conclusion - Some of us just don't have the Giant hands for the likes of the Galaxy note, Droid Ultra, or those other 5 inch + phones. The One mini, and the S4 mini compromised on what they were, but the Droid mini stayed true to the flagship lineup. It's a mini device that is all as good as its flagship brethren, making the smaller handed folk not have to compromise. With the stellar performance, great battery, and amazing set of features I just can't recommend it enough. If you don't want the smaller one, there is always the Moto x, Droid Ultra, or Droid Maxx. The only real gripe I had with Motorola is the storage space / lack of SD. I myself can get around it but I'm not a huge media tycoon so I can make it work, others might not (for those, look at the 32gb moto x, or Droid Maxx). Beyond that, there isn't a reason I can't recommend Motorola's new line. They found features people will actually use (I'm looking at you Samsung) and not only did them, but did them extremely well, while giving us plenty of hardware options to do so.

I wanted the mini for the size, and I do like the size and feel of the phone.  Also, as a smartphone it works very well, and the 4G speeds from Verizon have been adequate for messaging, email, youtube and netflix videos and light web browsing.  When it comes to the phone itself, it drops my calls about 1/3 of the time, even when I'm getting good signal strength.  It drops the call about 75% of the time if you don't use the hands free set because the touch screen doesn't deactivate when you raise it to your ear so any contact with your ear or head can cause the call to disconnect.  I have so far also been unable to find a good ear bud with digital volume and playback controls that work well with this phone.  Finally, the battery life leaves MUCH to be desired.  By using the &#34;screen dimmer&#34; app I've been able to extend the battery life to the point it will last me from the time I wake up to the time I go to bed about 80% of the time.  But that other 20% when I need to recharge it during the day is really annoying. I am far from ready to go back to the world of Apple where I felt caged-in while simultaneously being sucked dry one nickel and dime at a time, but Droid could do much better in creating a pocket-sized phone that functions effectively as both a phone and a small computing device, and has the battery life to make it through the day.

I had an iphone, I wanted something small.. with that in mind:Battery life: It doesn't even last a day. I have the screen brightness turned down as low as possible. Low on this phone is still bright.  I expected the battery to AT LEAST last 24 hours. FAIL. I've had this phone for 3 weeks.Issues:1. A week after getting it I tried sending a series of pictures to my friend via text. After three photos my phone said it didn't have enough memory.. I had to look this issue up online, turn the phone off and turn it back on and I could send photos. Um...?2. Group text: try understanding a conversation when you don't get some of the texts and you don't get them in the right order. The other day I turned off my phone and turned it back on and an ENTIRE conversation showed up on my phone.. oh you know 12 hours later. I've had this phone for three weeks.3. YOU CANNOT SEND VIDEOS VIA TEXT. Why the eff not? I don't know4. Snap chat freezes a lot.5. I tried to go on yelp on the browser to upload a picture and I couldn't. My options were 1. camera (takes you to the camera) 2. documents (takes you to your photo library). I clicked on the photo I wanted and it said &#34;unable to upload photo&#34;. Once again, a common issue according to the internet.6. The camera is good if you take a close up photo. Further away it's not very good7. I tried downloading an app today, moved on to look at a different app and download it and neither would download but there was no way to see if they were downloading and I had to turn my phone off and back on.8. There's like 80 bs apps that you can't delete but randomly try to update themselves.9. The text tones are annoying. All of them.You get what you pay for. Get something else. On a side note my boyfriend has had a different droid for 1.5 years and it's majorly glitching/ might be dead. This is probably the terrible future for my awful phone

This has been a great replacement of my droid X that was crashing out.  Light weight, fast, and a major upgrade.  Like the motorola connect feature that let's me send and receive text messages in my desktops browser and it even displays battery life without picking up your phone.  Google now is also great for hands free searches and navigation.  Moto Assist is also a nice feature that can turn off your ringer automatically when you're in a meeting and switches to car mode when your driving, which will read incoming text messages and allow you to answer calls via speaker phone with voice activated commands.  Highly recommended, but I'm only about a month in.

Great phone.  I love the Google Now feature, as well as its ability to know when you are driving, hence announcing phone calls and reading texts aloud.

I am most pleased with this Mini Razr.  Battery life is key for me and this phone has it.  All of the advanced Motorola have made are paying off in this great product.

it's a good phone, I love the android format. very easy to use, battery life is good. a definite winner

I do like this phone as it meets my basic requirements of small size and lightweight.  I finally gave up my original Droid that I had for 4 years for this phone.  I was concerned about going from a slide out keyboard to this but I find that I can type accurately without issue.  I will say that the durability of this phone does not hold a candle to my last Droid - I dropped it once and the corners cracked way too much for the small amount of impact.  I guess I will have to get a case for this (which I never had to do with my last Droid) which somewhat defeats the purpose of getting the smaller phone.  I will say that it is really fast and user friendly, the added little things on this phone like seeing notifications without unlocking are added bonuses.  The camera appears to be great - the pics look wonderful on the phone (I haven't actually printed any out so I cannot vouch for the actual pixel quality).  The cons: I am disappointed in the battery life - it needs to be charged every night and I use my phone minimally during the day.  The sound quality for calls is pretty bad and I can't hear with the speaker phone (forget about using the speaker for hands-free for driving).  The voice recognition feature is way less accurate than my last phone.  Also, I had to return the first Mini I got because the casing squeaked so loud that it distracted me on my calls.  The second one I received was fine, until I dropped it and now the casing squeaks uncontrollably.  Since I've only owned the phone for two months, I am very concerned about the durability and don't feel confident it will last until my contract is up.

Awesome phone, especially for the price ($0.01)! It works well and has a beautiful screen quality/ resolution. I am happy with my new phone. :)

Great phone.  Bought for teenager and he loves the size, battery life and graphics.  Video is high quality.  Add an Otter Box and the phone willl hold up to daily rigors.

I came from a Samsung Galaxy Nexus phone, and I loved that phone! I wish they would continue making that phone, as I think they are far superior than their current Galaxy S series. So, when I had to replace my phone, I wanted something similar. This phone fit the bill perfectly.After deleting/disabling most of the factory apps that I know I wouldn't use, the battery life extended amazingly. Now, after a full 12 hours day at work, my phone still has 80%+ life! I know this isn't the longest lasting battery on the market (I think Droid Maxx is), but it outlasts my former Samsung, and any Apple i've come across, which is why I dig this phone.I always said, how smart is a smart phone when it's dead?

Where to start... I had one of these phones for less than two months and a mandatory software update from Motorola crashed it. Literally. Fried. Dead. A software update!! I contacted my service provider and they sent me a new phone right away because others had been reporting the same problem. I now have a new phone that glitches out constantly and is unable to zoom on small text whenever web-browsing. I am unable to retrain the &#34;voice command&#34; because the phone is glitchy. DO NOT GET THIS PHONE, it is a piece of junk.

Had a Droid Bionic. Was open to anything but wanted smaller, not as heavy, better battery, and to turn on faster. This mini hits all those buttons and more. Very responsive, nice screen. Love the intuitive way it knows your driving and asks if you want a text you just received read to you. And if you want to respond.  Definitely surprised how much more I like this phone.

I mistakenly bought into the fad and felt that I needed a smartphone.  I came home three days ago with this Droid Mini and have had to be physically restrained multiple times from smashing it.  This technology would be great if there was a need to carry a tablet around but for making and answering calls (the primary function of a phone) and sending and reading text messages (the secondary function of the modern cellular telephone)it is incredibly inconvenient.  The vibrate notification is all but useless (when it vibrates at all) unless it is pressed against your skin.  On the positives it seems to be durable as it has been thrown across the room several times.  Right now I am counting down the days until my contract with Verizon is complete and I can get a phone that is good at being a phone.  727 days until I get to smash this POS with a hammer

Great replacement for my Droid Incredible, though I don't care for the shiny backplate. Would have preferred the &#34;Kevlar&#34; found on the Maxx and Moto X. Would have bought an X had I known about the price reduction.

The phone has worked great and performed great.  I have had no issues with the call quality or any of the functions.  The battery lasts for almost 48 hours with normal use which is way better than my old phone or an IPhone.

This is a relacement for a VERY old feature phone.Lots of features, probably more than I will need. I have had it about 2 weeks, so I am still learning about it.However, the battery seems to need charging even when I don't use it. i will say that it seems to charge quickly, however.

like it so far it will take some time with my teen age son learning how to use it ?

I upgraded to the Droid Mini about a month ago and have been very pleased so far with phone and its capabilities.  I love the voice commands and I personally think "Google Now" does a much better job recognizing spoken words than Siri does.  (I rarely have to edit text messages or emails sent from my phone; I frequently have to edit Siri.) There are only a couple of downsides to me--the sound quality during a call isn't horrible....it's just not as great as I expected from this device.  (Nothing serious enough to trade the phone; just something I notice at times.)  Also, this phone drains its battery nearly daily---I HAVE to charge it every night to keep it at reasonable power for the next day.  I don't talk a lot on it, but I do play with apps during the day with a handful of phone calls.  All-in-all----great device and I'm very happy with it.

I mainly bought this android because I wanted to make a switch from the iOS to an Android phone. I bought this Motorola over a Samsung or HTC because of the ideal size. The size is pretty perfect to me because it's bigger than the iPhone 4S I had and smaller than the Samsung galaxy.One of the main features that I actually needed not wanted, but actually needed was the touch less control commands. No other phone has this feature to date. Being a Google company product I thought I was going to be amazed.The touchless control commands only sometimes work. During the night ( when i actually need it due to my disability). This feature does not work. I cannot understand why during the night it just does not work. Also when I have my phone with a passcode lock. I cannot use the touch less control. I have to enter my code before the command continues.I also hate how there really isn't a built in volume adjuster. Why must I only use the hardware buttons to do so? Why not a software that slides to adjust volume? Why did I have to download an app for this?I contacted support about the issues, but they don't seem to know what the features of their own phone are. This is a Google company. I expected to be amazed, but wasn't.

Was exactly as described, maybe a little better. I had a couple of mishaps after shortly receiving it. Such as when I initially turned on the phone it was froze. Which I had to let the battery drain completely dead b4 I could turn it back on. Once I did that I went to get a sim card and it activated, but it wouldn't recognize it right away, but afterwards everything has been so far so good.

I am not one to make reviews on the products I have bought, but I am very impressed with this phone.  I was using the Lucid 1, because that was what they suggested a year and a half ago at the Verizon store.  I'm really glad I dropped it and broke the screen.  When I went back to Verizon, they suggested I get the Lucid 3 this time.  I opted for this one instead because it has 2 gigs of RAM, and the Lucid only has 1, which is the same as I had before.  This is a freebe phone with a contract!!!!  It is so much faster, its unbelievable!  All of the apps I had on my last phone automatically downloaded on this phone when I registered it, so it has just as much junk on it as I had on my Lucid.  The phone boots up lightning fast, and I've yet to experience any lag.  The phone comes with 16GB of built in storage.  The built in speaker is really good.  The sound quality is impressive for such a little device, and it gets pretty load and still sounds good.  If the radio in your car broke, this would actually be worth listening to, even with the windows down.  Not, that I'm ever going to use it but, but it comes with a built in 10MP camera!!  I'm yet to be disappointed.  The only Con I know of so far is that it does not open.  So you can not take the battery out or replace it if you need too.  This battery last much much longer than the battery on my lucid, but all lithium batteries get worse after time.  Also there is no place for a sd or any type of external storage.  I'll be fine with the 16GB built in, but if you want to put a lot of music or movies on it this wont work.  Over all, this phone is much more then I expected to be able to get without dropping a couple hundred dollars.

This was my upgrade from Samsung S II, Droid Mini fits well in my hand, quick response and intuitive.  The only part that I had to get used to was the &#34;back&#34; button was on the opposite side vs Samsung S II.  I love the fact I can see the time and notifications without &#34;waking&#34; the phone up, silly detail, but very useful.

Droid Mini is pretty good! I played $239.99 on a two-year contract with Verizon, and I've been satisfied for two months! I didn't want anything like a 5.5 in. screen, but I wanted my phone to be good. I guess I took a great pick.Here is what I like:-The Interface. Widgets, are my main key. They are great. They save time, and are right on your Home Screen.-The Camera. For a price like this, the camera is great! It even has slow motion video built right in, which is pretty fun. Video quality is great, with a mic and lense to please you. Stills are great, like a decent Nikon Point and Shoot, and it has a nice bright flash.-The Calling. The little speaker is great, with a noise canceling mic, it makes you calls more clear.-The Sound. Yes, it does have a mono speaker, but it actually sounds good! The speaker is on the back, but the slight curve where the speaker, speaker is, you can place it flat on a table with the screen side up, and still hear it. Not to mention the Bluetooth compatibility with my great Bluetooth speaker (Big Blue Live, sold at Brookstone Stores).I also like the capacitive buttons and where the power key and volume rocker are placed.Here are some things that are "eeehh"-Battery life. I found myself charging this more than once a day, and turning on Battery Saver only increases time by a few minutes.-Memory. Not that much. The phone comes with 16 gigs. But... The OS, Quick Office, and other apps and music clog it up quickly, and there is no expandable Micro SD option.-The body. The phone is made of glossy plastic. No metal, not even mat plastic. Fingerprint magnet, and the build quality isn't as good.-Micro SIM card. Do you find your volume rocker detaching from your phone? The SIM card is on a tray attached to the volume rocker. OCD, please!I think you'd be getting a great deal with the Droid Mini.

This phone is pretty decent all around, but there is one very big flaw, in that if the battery dies, you cannot turn this phone back on until it has a certain amount of charge, regardless of whether you plug it in to a charger. Don't have any emergencies with your battery low on this phone, or you'll be SOL and not able to call for help. I always thought of safety and being able to call 911 as a key selling point of any cell phone, but Motorola seems to have forgotten about it completely. It is also very irritating if your battery dies in a conversation, to have to wait ten minutes before you can call back.

I finally upgraded to a smart phone about a week ago. Previously I had been using a basic slider phone from Verizon, and liked it. So, I'm not a high-maintenance phone owner. I need my phone to make calls and text primarily, with occasional use of Google Maps or the internet.That being said, I've been happy with the droid. Texting is pretty quick even with the screen keyboard, call quality has been good both on speaker and against my ear (I will say the case I got makes it a bit uncomfortable), with no unintended hang ups. I really like the &#34;Google Now&#34; voice search and stuff. It works great and has understood what I've said every time. I also like that the lock screen shows you notification icons without having to unlock it, and you can swipe a certain way to immediately open your text/email. There are plenty of apps and anything my friends have on their phones I can find too. Another feature I like is the ability to turn off data. I do that when I'm somewhere without wifi, so that I won't run up my data usage.The downside is definitely battery life. It lasts about a day. Also, the verizon apps don't seem to work. That may be a Verizon problem, I don't know, but it's kind of annoying that I can't buy a ringtone. The screen will just go dark on me sometimes, but I think I'm hitting a button or something.Overall, though, I'm happy with it and I think it's a good deal for a free phone.

This is the best phone I have owned! It is precise, fast, and simply put...AMAZING! Like I said, the best phone ever!

It's fast, sleek, smaller than my previous phone but the same size screen & very comfortable. The battery life is good as well. I had the Razor Maxx & this Mini lasts almost as long! :-)

My first mini got too hot to hold after a 30 minute call.  Verizon sent me a replacement, that was refurbished.  The replacement is just as bad.  The battery has never lasted more than 20 hours and I've done everything to reduce power.  The best was when the battery went down by 50% in a 2 hour period with no use.I've contacted both verizon and motorola about a working replacement with no success.  Spent 3 hours in a verizon store where they couldn't get a synch.DONT get this phone.

Just absolutely love my new phone.  The size is perfect, the battery life is awesome!  Don't know how I lived without 4G!  Did have couple of minor disappointments, no FM radio and No Notepad...  Tried an FM app, didn't work on this phone and have to download a free app for the notepad...other than that... I love it!

All the features of a huge phone but sized just right for using...don't feel like I'm holding a tablet up to my ear.

If you want a nicely sized phone that fits in your hand and works well, this is it.  Good reception for 4G, wifi is a little weak, much weaker than on my wife's razr m.  Sound is great, nice and loud, unlike my wife's razr m that's hard to hear.  Otterbox works nicely on it.  The screen protector from Verizon doesn't cover the upper area very well, the one from SUPERSHIELDZ works much better.  Wifi strength and having to restart it almost every day are the reasons for docking a star.  The iPhone 5C would have been my only other consideration, but the iPhones are just too delicate.

Love it! Who wants a big phone. Does everything those other ones does. Screen activates without hitting any buttons and goes to unlock screen. No need to hit the button to check the time.

This phone was the perfect size for my hands but there were too many draw backs to the phone.  If I could afford it I would switch right this second.  For starters, you cannot send any type of video via text or email!  Wtf!?!?  The limited memory I could deal with as annoying as it is.  Lastly this last update totally messed up the wallpaper set-up.  You have to move the image in funny ways to get it centered correctly.  Ugh.  Its the perfect size just way too many bugs and faults.

I picked mine up at the Verizon Store. I just upgraded from the Samsung Galaxy Nexus, which I loved.It's smaller than the GNex but thats what I was looking forward to. A phone I can slip into my pocket and still be able to sit down with. It's snappy quick, and the camera is much better.No CONS yet othern than Verizon bloatware Which is standard, but I'll update the post as it goes.

**KitKat & other software updates: please see bottom of review for a list of changes**I upgraded from a Droid RAZR that I owned for 2 years and I have no regrets. In fact, I am blown away by how smooth and responsive is the new Droid Mini, in addition to the display quality.  Even though it is not a 1080 display, at 4.3 inches, the 720 resolution of the TFT LCD display on the Droid Mini gives it 342 pixels per inch (ppi).  It has more ppi than its bigger brothers (the MAXX and Ultra) and even the iPhone 5!  What this mean is that the display is very detailed and sharp. Even though the contrast and brightness is not as good as an AMOLED or IPS display, the white balance is more accurate (instead of the yellowish tint typical of Pentile OLED)Compared to the other "mini" phones on the market (i.e. HTC One Mini), this has the best overall processing capability and the largest RAM.  The 2 GB RAM keeps the device snappy even when there are multiple apps running in the background. Even though it only has a dual-core processor, it's one of the fastest one out there. In addition, the quad-core graphics processor allows it to keep up with higher-end flagship phones when running cutting edge games.There are some cool features that are unique to the new Droids and Moto X: Active Notifications, Touchless Controls, and Quick Capture. Amazon has since included information about these features in the product description, so I'll provide supplemental details:-Active Display: it works with any app that has push-notifications such as Facebook Messenger.-Touchless Controls: You can train the phone to respond to "OK, Google" rather than "OK, Google Now." Also, if the phone is secured with face unlock, pattern unlock, PIN, or password, you will need to provide the necessary validation in order for Google Now to respond to you. So to keep it "Touchless," the screen lock setting needs to be set to "None" or "Slide".-Quick Capture: For outdoor shots, I recommend the following camera settings to be activated, HDR and tap to focus. For indoor shots, I recommend those two settings to be turned off to minimize over exposure.Once activated, all the above features are always on, which could significantly drain the battery if handled by the dual-core processor. To address this problem, Motorola designed two low-powered chips to process these new features. As a result, this phone can last a day under normal conditions. For me, the Droid Mini lasts about 16 hours under moderate use.Since the phone is provided through Verizon and not directly from Google like the Moto X, there will be bloatware. Thankfully, you can disable the bloatware through the app settings menu, something I couldn't do on the Droid RAZR. There is one app that I actually find to be interesting and useful is Droid Zap. This app allows you to share pictures and videos with people around you (within 1,000 feet) by swiping up on a picture with two fingers. The recipients then open the Droid Zap app (free and only for Android devices) on their phones and two finger swipe down to download the shared picture (or video).There are a couple things I don't like about my new Droid Mini, but they can be easily addressed. My first complaint is the construction. The Droid RAZR had an aluminum frame that gave it a solid feel, the Droid Mini does not. Also, the Kevlar back is now coated with a clear shiny resin. This causes the back of the phone to be covered in finger grease, to a point where I can't even see the Kevlar pattern! So I promptly got a case to cover up that ugliness and to give it better drop protection. Here is the link to the particular case I bought:Incipio MT-269 DualPro Dual Case for Motorola Droid Mini XT1030 - White/Grey - Retail PackingMy second complaint is that it does not have a micro SD slot for expanding storage. For some people, this would be a deal breaker. But thankfully, SanDisk has a wireless USB thumb drive that stores its content on micro SD cards. This is something I'll be getting to expand my Droid Mini's storage capability. Here is the link for those who are interested:SanDisk Connect 16GB Wireless Flash Drive (SDWS2-016G-E57)Oh, and another thing I'll be getting is a Qi wireless charger, since this phone has a built-in wireless charger receiver. I'll update my review to let you know how well that works.**Update: 9/10/13**The Qi Wireless Charger came in and it worked like a charm. It even charged my phone through its protective case. The Droid Mini has a neat on-screen prompt that helped me place the phone properly on the charger. However, it makes an loud notification sound (which I can't control) upon successful connection. This sound will definitely startle your significant other if the phone is placed on the charger in the middle of the night, so I'll be using this charger at work and not at home. Here is the link to the particular charger I bought:GMYLE (TM) Black White Wireless Mini Charging Pad Mat Qi-enabled Standard Charger (1000mA) for Nokia Lumia 920/920T/925/928/1020, LG Google Nexus 4/5/7 HD, Samsung Galaxy S4, iPhone 5 (US Plug)**KitKat (Android 4.4.2) Update: 3/4/14**A lot has changed since my last update. The Droid Mini has been upgraded to the latest Android OS and many of its features have been improved.  So let's start with where I left off, the wireless charging experience. Motorola has now linked the notification sound with the ringer's volume (yay!) and redesigned the on-screen prompt to display the phone's current battery status.The camera has been upgraded with the following enhancements:1. Improved capture of natural light (autowhite balance) and color accuracy for more precise exposure in outdoor and backlit scenes.2. Faster touch to focus time and reduced unnecessary refocusing in low light conditions and scenes with continuous motion.3. Shortened the time it takes to switch between rear and front-facing cameras, as well as transition between the viewfinder and the Gallery app.Droid Mini is now compatible with the Motorola SKIP accessory for easier security via NFC authentication. It basically allows you to skip your PIN or Pattern Unlock by tapping the phone against a NFC tag. Amazon has a selection of colors you can pick from (I went with the red one):Motorola Skip for Moto X - Retail Packaging - RedYou can now say your PIN to unlock your phone when using Touchless Controls (but do you really want people around you to know the code to your phone?)Tap and pay is now supported through the Google Wallet app. This allows you to pay for stuff by tapping the phone on compatible credit card machines.Other Android phones can now share pictures (but not videos) through the Droid Zap app. Also, the Zap Zone feature has been added to allow automatic sharing of pictures. In addition, details of use has been released. You can zap up to 20 pictures a minute and the max upload length for a single video is four minutes (Motorola recommends 20 seconds as an ideal length for sharing videos). Lastly, the two finger swipe action does not work in Google+ Photos or other third party photo gallery apps.

Updated from an old HTC Incredible 2 on 3g in Aug. 2013.  There's not a day that goes by where I'm impressed with the functionality of the phone, which recently got updated to the latest Android OS, 4.4 Kit Kat (another great reason to stay with Motorola since they're owned by Google and will probably have updates pushed out sooner than other makers.)  It's smooth, fast, reliable and has the same processor and camera as Motorola's flagship, the Moto X, but in a smaller size.  Big Motorola features that separate this phone from others:1.) The touchless controls and "always listening" feature is great.  I end up using that more to make calls than using the dialer or typing in names.  Google will now ask contextual questions to narrow your choices such as "which Frank to call" when you have more than one in your contact list.2.) The camera got updated with the Kit Kat upgrade so it's now possible to easily choose your focus AND exposure point in photos.  It's a big improvement in quality and speed as well.  As other's have noted, the "shake to launch" feature is also something I use constantly, as you can launch the camera app easily no matter what app you have open on your phone (and the touchless controls do that same--making it very easy to ask a question.) The camera takes great photos in bright light situations and very acceptable ones in indoor/lower light.3.) Size and form. It's got a 4.3 inch LCD screen which is larger than an iPhone 5 with more resolution. It's very bright but also gets very dim as it's not too distracting in lower ambient light.  I would say it oversaturates colors a bit, but it's nice to view.4.) Motorola has begun separating out key apps on the phone so they can be updated through the Play store independently of needing to update the entire OS and wade through carrier testing and restrictions/delays.  So as improvements are developed for apps like the camera, voice activation and other Motorola exclusive apps, they can delivered directly and more quickly through the Google Play store.5.) Active display that allows you to preview alerts from apps (which you can pick and choose which) without fully waking up the whole phone.  It saves time and battery power.Some concerns have been battery life.  Most of the time it's great (easily 16-hour day), but occasionally, the phone will get very hot and drain the battery very quickly.  Not sure why.  I notice battery life is much better when connected to wifi.  Also, like other reviewers, I wish it came with an SD card slot.  5GB of the 16GB internal storage is taken up by the OS, so that leaves less than 10GB for apps, media, photos and video.  I get that media can be stored in the cloud, but it's easy to fill up that empty space if you take a lot of photos and video, or download music.Overall, I've been very happy with this purchase and now notice it's available on some sites/places for as low at 1 cent.  It's a fantastic value at that price (I paid $100 when it first came out.)  I would purchase this phone again--or consider the Moto X (Motorola Moto Black Verizon WirelessThe Moto X has a bit larger screen but isn't that much larger than the Droid Mini.  The X has also received updates a few weeks before the Droid line.

Bright screen, decent battery life once you disable some of the unnecessary running processes. Love the shake-to-camera option. I would recommend this phone. Some reviews describe a squeakyness when you hold the phone under pressure and it is true - but I have not yet had a problem and predict the phone will hold up well in the coming months/years.

Currently can't use the phone and I've had it a week and a half. It randomly froze while sitting on my table and will not load past the Motorola logo. I've tried doing a hard reset and it still freezes at the logo. The update to Kit Kat was completed about a week ago and I didn't have a problem then.

I've had my Droid Mini for about 2 weeks now. It is my first smartphone, and I've had no problems with it at all. Call quality is great, and I find that while the size is compact the screen does not feel cramped. The battery lasts me all day. The price on amazon was really great and I feel like I got a quality phone for the money. I'll update my review if I have problems as I continue to use the Droid Mini.

This is my first foray into "Smart Phones." I am coming into this from an ancient Nokia Intrigue flip phone.Anyway, my bf had another older Droid and he's been bugging me to get with the times... my biggest hurdle was the touch screens, his I couldn't type on worth a damn. To my surprise, I didn't have the same problem of hitting the wrong letters on the Droid Mini. So maybe I will get used to this after all. While I don't intend to use this as my primary music playing device (I have a Sony NWZ-E465 which is much smaller and has loads more features and better sound) I will say that the sound quality for this device is quite decent. I do however wish that there had been a "User Definable" setting for the Equalizer. You're stuck with presets, and call me crazy, but I'm the kind of guy who likes to tweak EQs to my preferences, something my Sony player has 2 available custom slots for. Secondly, I don't know why people designing electronics do this but the lack of a full headphone jack is rather troublind. What I mean is that it's partial, so when you stick a headphone plug in there, the back side of it is left exposed. I -do not- like this. (Sony's NWZ-E475 model, the one I had prior to my present model did this as well, thankfully the E465 has a nice full bit of plastic that keeps the plug from exposure). Maybe they do that to save money on plastic, but personally I don't like having exposed headphone plugs. It seriously bugs me.The rest of the phone is okay, but like I said, I'm totally new to Smart Phones. I do wish that the interface was more simplistic. But I guess you can't rightly expect PC style navigation from a Phone. I also shouldn't expect a gaming device out of it either, especially when I already have gobs of emulators and several fantastic Mayflash adapters for playing them. Even still, it would be great if this device came with a flip-down -physical- controller with the common buttons. Pretty soon, Nintendo is going to have to break into the "Mobile" market, perhaps they might end up making a DS-style device that has a dual headphone + microphone arrangement, and texting capabilities on the bottom touch screen, plus the fantastic Dpad and analog controls... or maybe the people in the Smart Phone biz will beat them to the punch. Until either of those happen, I won't be expecting to play Secret of Mana or any other game very accurately on this device, lol.

it is a good phone. size is good. but it doesn't have a sd card that I cant transfer my info to new phone.

Got this for my wife for phone upgrade.  She is not into all the bells and whistles on phones like I am.  But she loves this phone because of the quality and and ease of use.  Great battery life.  Awesome camera.  Screen is very rich in color.  Overall a perfect phone on a compact size.

I was actually looking at the Droid Maxx or the LG-G2, to upgrade to, but I didn't really have the $$ to purchase either one, so I thought I was settling for something by paying 0.01, plus the upgrade fee for Verizon, but I have been pleasantly surprised by this little phone.  First of all, I'm glad I didn't get one of those oversized monster of a phone.  The screen on this is large enough, the functions are crazy great!  So many personal features to use.  I still haven't discovered everything on it yet, but each time I do discover something new, it's awesome!  Needless to say, I don't think I settled at all!  This is a great phone :)  Thank you Motorola!
